REI tents seem to be overpriced to me, and for backpacking seems pretty heavy for what you do get. It's basically over-engineered and charges boutique pricing. I don't have a particular suggestion for car camping at this point since I went hammock and never looked back. Backpacking though you have a *ton* of options for around REI's price point (it's no longer a minor brand name, you're paying for the REI label at this point). If you use hiking poles you might want to consider something that isn't stand-alone, like a lightheart gear tent, or one of the MRS line, or even a Big Agnus. You can get pretty lightweight if you shop around too. Jetboils are fine if you're wanting to boil water, fast, and don't mind the weight, and are willing to lose the speed and the efficiency if you're going to camp anywhere with anything more than a breeze. They aren't efficient in the wind. At all. And for me at least they'r damn heavy. The Titanium option wasn't bad, but I don't think they make that any more. For roughly the same price I can get an MSR micro rocket or gigapeak and something like an evernew Ti pot and save half a pound or more on my cook kit. I could also go with a caldera cone kit and an alcohol/spirit stove solution and go quiet and a little slower (about 7-10 minutes to boil water). If I upgraded to TI I'd be rocking less weight than the other two options. Plus, once you buy your stand alone pot, it can be moved between systems. The Jetboil is pretty much only usable by jetboil systems. You're locked in. Sleeping bags- Check out Enlightened Equipment. They actually sell closed footbox quilts. I really like them since they combine the lightness of a mummy bag and the comfort of... well... a blanket. They're also economical compared to the competition.
If you have a dehydrator you can make all kinds of meals. I dehydrate peas, pepper strips, green beans, then dehydrate some hummus, either store bought or home made. Dehydrate, run the hummus through the blender, rehydrate at camp. Very tasty snack for lunch.
I started with the Ukulele Boot Camp chord drills for C like... 2 weeks ago. Once I got most of those comfortable, especially as others have mentioned C, Am, F, and G/G7, you can start moving on to songs. I picked up Stand By Me because it's dirt simple, you can use it to practice different strum patterns and see how it changes the sound of the song, and it is a song we all know and probably like okay. It's also if memory serves like the 50's pop song progression of doom.
Making your own taco seasoning is dirt simple, and if you want to share with your dogs, you can omit the onion powder. Seasons roughly 1lb of meat * 1 tablespoon chili powder * 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder * 1/4 teaspoon onion powder * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes * 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano * 1/2 teaspoon paprika * 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin * 1 teaspoon sea salt * 1 teaspoon black pepper I use this without thickeners and just let reduce until it's fairly saucy. Works fine. I also tend to omit the red pepper flakes or at least reduce them if I am not in the mood for heat. If you want a thickener to make a more traditional taco seasoning sauce, you could probably throw some corn starch in or maybe some xantham gum (though not much, a little goes a long way and too much creates a slimy consistency). Adjust salt to taste, and consider cutting down the teaspoon of black pepper. It makes things pretty peppery.
Big fan of rum &amp; spiced cider on a cold night. Instant cider works but isn't great sadly unless someone knows a better brand than Alpine.
Egg crystals are better for this anyway. Weigh way less. Buy ovum egg crystals, dehydrate bell peppers, get some turkey sausage that's been cooked &amp; crumbled, dehydrate it, then rehydrate on the trail and make some killer burritos for a fraction of the weight. Dehydrate mushrooms too if you want, they dehydrate great. Onions are smelly to dehydrate and you can just get the freeze dried ones to get some mild oniony flavor going. Heck you could dry out diced tomatoes and rehydrate those if needed. For longer term tortilla storage packitgourmet used a vacuum packer to make smaller batches of tortillas packed for freshness: http://blog.packitgourmet.com/2009/10/life-of-tortilla.html
Not particularly worth it. I looked and they generally charge more than what you'd pay if you just bought the DLC off of Steam. My suggestion is to wait for a steam sale. They were offering 40% off most of the DLC over the Christmas holiday. Next sale is probably around Valentine's Day or possibly easter/spring break.
hikelospadres.com for a giant database on trails and campsites. Good News Everybody, they just lifted fire restrictions in the LP! You can have a camp fire again! Or an alcohol stove, or a biofuel stove!
How did I know that you had an EE? EE has a long lead time now but man... their quilts are awesome. Dollar value to performance is insane, weight is good, it's just a fantastic product from a fantastic company. If you toss or are a little bit round like I am, you can get a wider quilt. Helps out a lot. You won't rack up weight like I do since you basically say you are pretty petite in height.
Protip: Backbone trail is not a trail you can camp on. There are campsites around but logistically it's difficult.
I would imagine swimming would achieve this too. But that's a great idea about cycling. It also gets you into the swing of sustained lower intensity exertion for longer periods of time.
&gt;And by "all that extra shit" you help prove the fallacy of the ultralight mindset; saving weight for the sake of saving weight. Skurka dubs that mindset "stupid light"
I've seen people hammock out nice and snug in snow. I've hammocked in freezing sleet and been perfectly warm and more comfortable than I am on the ground. Maybe you were doing it wrong? I don't think hammocks are for everyone, hike your own hike, but the arrogance of your argument is offputting.
Happy Solong 6 owner here. It doesn't have a mesh interior, but it will give you like 6 inches of clearance on either end of you. It's a huge-ass solo tent for an ounce shy of 2 pounds.
Most of the Los Padres is open to you. There's a ton of options and while there's a little snow at the higher elevations you're probably fine.
Well first note that it is designed to use trekking poles. I can't remember if the site has stand alone poles, but those will obviously add to the weight. Setup- Stake the 4 corners out. The tent has a bathtub with carbon fiber stays in it which are awesome for keeping the bathtub floor a bathtub floor. The top corners loop over your stakes (this is a little trickier if you can't stake things down. You're going to need rocks or extra line or some creativity to do it. I talked to a woman who pitched the solong on AT camping platforms using cordage and rocks). Then you unzip the tent, and there's a little plastic/carbon fiber stay in there that's bent (I think it's rigid plastic) at just the right angle that velcros in. Take your hiking pole, stick the tip in the plastic tube, and shove the round handle down into the middle of the tent. Repeat on other side. I usually crawl in, hold it up, and pitch that way. Adjust height for tauntness. You're basically done at that point. The awning rolls up or pulls down and can be propped open with a stick. Dropping it into storm mode is basically as easy as Pulling the stick out and maybe having a stake or a rock or branch or something to tie down on. Pretty easy. It takes a little getting used to and you absolutely want to pitch it a few times in your back yard before getting out on the trail. Make sure you use a tyvek groundsheet (you can order one from the website if you don't want to dick with it) because the ground bathtub is silnylon and pretty thin. It's just safer to pitch on top of a groundsheet. In better weather you can roll back the awnings and get some real airflow through the tent, which is another reason I like it. I'm really happy with the tent. I haven't met anyone who didn't like the design.
I was going to suggest figuring out some way to donate directly to the MS group's charity directly or contact them and see if they can work with you to give you some legitimacy.
One problem with buying a freeze dryer is that it's like 2 grand, not including electricity costs.
https://paleomealstogo.com/ if you want straight up Mountain House style meals. Pretentiousness included at no extra cost.
I just use one of those 12oz mini coke bottles. I have FUEL written on it in sharpie on a loop of duct tape and I've colored the cap. Works fine. If I'm really paranoid I'll add like a drop of green food coloring to it.
Yeah. Or boxer/briefs. Or if you want to go hardcore, North Face better than naked running shorts. There's a varient called long haul or something like that which has boxer brief style liners. Those things are awesome. Expensive though. Easiest is to just go buy a pair of under armor boxerjox for like 20 bucks. Or ExOfficio give-n-go boxer briefs. The key here is that you want boxer-brief or compression shorts style grip.
&gt;hike at every spot along the way Taking the coast you're talking about... oh... 700 miles or so of coastline. Hiking "every spot along the way" would probably take 6 months or so. Actually longer considering that the Los Padres alone has like a thousand miles of trail. But do you want "coastal" as in "I can see the water from here?" or are you talking "accessible to someone driving down the 101"? Because there's a difference. Big Sur, Los Padres up above Santa Barbara, the stretch of ocean between Point Magu &amp; Malibu (along with all the santa monica mountain trails), and I'm sure there's stuff further south but I never go that far south. For the Santa Monica mountains, check out Sandstone Peak &amp; Inspiration Point loop. 7 miles or so with some cracking views.
I actually eat about 80% paleo for other dietary considerations. I have little against the actual diet.
The problem with biofuel stoves is that they aren't able to be used above alpine level and in areas with fire restrictions, which basically means large portions of California and other dry places for like 6 months a year. Not to mention screwing with building a fire when you're hungry and just want to eat and crash means a long runup and a long time to wait for the fire to go out. In areas where you have a limited water supply using a firebox like that also requires you to douse using water that could be used for drinking or eating. Or you could just blow fire safety rules out the window I guess. Also, you conveniently posted the XL version of that stove, which is absurdly expensive. The regular one that you'd use for backpacking runs 40 bucks.
Yeah if you're looking for the absolute lightest stove solution esbit might be worth looking into.
Other resources: http://www.amazon.com/John-Muir-Trail-Essential-Americas/dp/0899977367/ref=dp_ob_title_bk http://jmtbook.com/ Sorry for the commercial links. I'm not affiliated at all, I just ike the products.
Check out Darn Toughs. 20 bucks a pair but they have a lifetime warranty. I love them. Skip REI brand socks. The Achilles tendon area blows out on them far too quickly for what they charge. Smartwool and DeFeet are other popular socks. Smartwool smelled on my feet pretty quick and I found defeet way too slick in my shoe. I felt like I was gliding and developed blisters eventually.
For trekking poles, check out massdrop.com especially since you have some time. They frequently get poles 20-30% off due to group buys. I picked up some really nice carbon fiber poles for almost 50% off a while back.
I suggest a PS4 squirt leatherman. Pretty cheap, great pliers, pretty much most/all the tools you're going to need in a tiny 2oz package. Only down side is no locking blade, but you probably don't need one. God knows I never really have.
I was going to ask "What's your marathon times look like?"
If you haven't visited the trinity alps and the coastal redwoods north of Eureka... you're missing out. I've lived in California all my life, love the 395 drive, spent 30 years exploring the Sierras and Cascades. This past September I changed plans on a vacation and headed through the Trinity Alps then up the coast and was like "why didn't I come here to begin with?" My suggestion is to take the 395 north and camp up through Bishop and towards Reno, then veer off and hit Lassen/Burney Falls area (Damn Burney Falls is expensive though), cut through Shasta area, or rip through Redding if you're in a hurry, slow back down in the Trinity Alps, then meander up the coast. You can turn inland in a lot of different places if you want. If you need to see Crater Lake you can turn east near the state line or north of the state line.
I see you picked up the unofficial "Crabs Adjust Humility" expansion.
hikelospadres.com Actually I've seen google earth/google maps include trail information. Nothing I'd seriously want to rely on but it's a starting point. It is an *insane* amount of work to get a trail database going. The guy who did HLP is crazy in a good way. I have massive respect for him.
I would imagine that there are facilities in Yellowstone that have wifi that you could tap into. Other than that you're looking at satellite internet, and it is psychotically expensive. http://www.groundcontrol.com/IsatHub.htm There's a unit for 1400 dollars, then it's 200 bucks a month for 100 megs worth of data. Overages are 3.50 a megabyte. And that's for 350kbps. I don't think IridiumNext is up and running. That might offer slightly cheaper, slightly faster internet speeds if/when it gets up and running, but we're seriously talking about hundreds of dollars a month. Edit: 20 seconds of googling answered the question of infrastructure in Yellowstone: Yellowstone Cell Phone Reception Cell phone service is available in over 50 percent of the park. Coverage is currently provided by five low towers inside the park, servicing Old Faithful, Mammoth, Grant Village, Canyon, and Tower-Roosevelt, as well as along the road corridor between Mammoth and Gardiner, Montana. You may also get cell phone reception near the North Entrance (Gardiner), the West Entrance (West Yellowstone) and the South Entrance from cell phone towers outside the park. The recent renovation of the Lake Hotel in 2014 added cell phone coverage, hard-wired internet in hotel rooms, and a business center with internet-enabled computers for visitor usage. The cell phone coverage was also increased in the Fishing Bridge area of Yellowstone Lake. Verizon has the strongest signal. AT&amp;T and Union Wireless also have coverage. CellularMaps.com provides a cell phone coverage map, updated in October 2014. Cell Phone Driving Tours Most phone apps that provide narrated tours use your phone’s GPS, not your data plan or WiFi. Such apps should work in most areas of the park. WiFi in Yellowstone Currently, there is no free wireless internet within Yellowstone National Park. At the Mammoth Dining Lounge, the Lake Hotel, and in the rooms at Grant Village, WiFi is available for purchase. Yellowstone Communications Plan In 2009, Yellowstone completed a plan for wireless communications in the park. The plan dictates that cell phone and wifi will only be allowed for visitor safety and to enhance park operations. It restricts towers, antennas, and wireless services to a few limited locations in the park, in order to protect park resources and limit the impact on park visitors.
SEKI had it in a few places and while a little slow it wasn't too bad. But you had to drive either to Road's Inn or that Wuksachi lodge.
Yeah way too general of a survey. Even if people filled it out, would you actually get useful information out of it? Useful enough to develop a product for marketing? (I assume that's what this is)
Between my watch barometer and the ability for the Delorme Inreach to request 3 day weather predictions, I'm not too worried about reading the weather.
Generally speaking spoiler threads get tagged with spoilers.
Considering that as far as the world knows, Rand is dead by the end of the series, I doubt that anything attributed to the Dragon Reborn would hint at what he does afterwards. Because as far as the world is concerned, there was no afterwards. Plus, Rand was never particularly poetic. He could play the flute, juggle, tumble a little (and the last two were more Mat's forte). So even the idea that he composed a poem and attributed it to his former, dead persona... Just doesn't seem right. If anyone wrote it, it was Thom. And even then the vernacular sounds more like something an Aiel would say.
Mine takes about 30 seconds to connect. I use android and there's a significant delay. One of these days I'll try patching it into the USB port and seeing if that speeds it up.
If you have a dehydrator this is a tasty red lentil curry recipe that I see no reason why you couldn't dehydrate it: http://allrecipes.com/recipe/16641/red-lentil-curry/ Make it, spread it thin on fruit rollup trays, dehydrate and break up into bark chips. On the trail make some rice and rehydrate the lentil curry and you're good to go. I love mashed chickpea salad. It's basically chunky hummus. You could probably cold-hydrate chickpeas, scallions, carrots, celery, etc... and then recosntitute everything. http://www.simple-veganista.com/2012/10/chickpea-salad.html I'm thinking with some forethought a lot of Indian food could be integrated into a backpacking meal.
There is a level of diminishing returns however. Strategically, you can spend top dollar and get fantastic performing gear. You can also spend top dollar on something and get only marginally better performance than something half as expensive again. Telling someone they need to buy a 1000 dollar sleeping bag to get started is going to scare most people away. At the end of the day, hike your own hike. I mean hell people spend 2000 dollars on stereo speaker cables. My problem is that people toss around suggestions for 500 dollar jackets and other extremely pricey items and never actually justify *why* dropping that kind of coin is preferable to a 100 dollar equivalent. It's actually gotten really bad on gear reviews. I've seen a multitude of reviews on some gear sites that literally are cut &amp; pastes from the sales literature. To the point that the "author" doesn't even pull out the mentions of the company speaking about itself. When I'm reading an article and the author says "We've taken great pains to ensure that this sleeping bag is the best we've ever made" and it's not a quote, it pisses me off. If I didn't exercise my own skepticism and hunt down *real* reviews, I could easily see dropping 10k on equipment when in reality 1-2k is far more reasonable. Also... &gt;if I want to spend $2000 on what becomes my home for days or weeks at a time For a serious backpacker 2k is not like super exotic. Most AT &amp; PCT hikers drop 1200-1400 on gear if memory serves for the through-hike. I probably have 1400 in gear if I added it all up.
“The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money. Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles. But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet. This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.” ― Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms
That's a possibility. If it happened we didn't see it happen and it was one of those moments where TDR was being crazy sauce and someone wrote it down.
I didn't sign a form. There's a lot of warning that chains are an issue. But there are alternatives. Autosocks I think should work. But you have to have some kind of chains *in* the car, even if you have snow tires on.
Or you know part of the portal's weave is to harden air just enough to keep it from rushing through. Or the portal has an air-based ward on it that permits everything *but* air through it?
It depends. It'll say in the owner's manual if you're going to use chains which set of wheels is most important. For example, my CVT '16 says: Make certain that any traction device you use is an SAE class S device, and use it on the front wheels only.
In all likelihood the authors just didn't think of it. But when we're talking about a world where you can magically rub someone out of existence in the past to undo things they do up to the present, I really think air pressure differential is not some insurmountable problem that couldn't be overcome.
Are you using stock tires? If not, they may be sized differently and can result in speedometer inaccuracies, which I imagine would also throw off gas mileage.
Adventures in Stoving has you covered fam https://adventuresinstoving.blogspot.com/2014/12/fuel-efficiency-jetboils-vs-regular.html
It was nice. I live 90 minutes away so I go on weekends usually for the day. I usually make a beeline to the highlands but this time I stayed mostly in the foothills. It's pretty in the snow though. Most of the campgrounds and picnic areas in the higher elevations are closed for the season but it's really pretty. Next time we get some fresh snow in I'll go snowshoeing. That being said, I went this past Monday, and on my way out, at 1pm, there was about a 45 minute line to get *into* the park, and then another 30 minute drive to the snow play areas. Very crowded in the higher elevations. It was empty in the lower elevations. I interrupted a pack of deer in a closed off campground and they gave me the stink eye for intruding on them. That was about as social as the day got.
Well there goes that idea. Worth asking about though.
If memory serves like 15 years ago the MPG sticker only had a vague relation to reality and it took a federal law to overhaul the testing to make it more similar to real world conditions. My first car's window sticker said it got 10mpg more than it actually got.
The only places on highways that I've seen chain checks are the Grapevine, which is the I-5 just north of Los Angeles, and mostly that's because of the steep grade and the sudden snow storms, and the 80 heading east out of Sacramento into Tahoe. The 80 makes sense. You go by Donner Pass which has a little bit of a history of crappy winters. I was entering a national park however, and you have to stop and pay or show your pass anyway. So they do the chain warning then. And bear warning in the spring, and fire warning pretty much throughout fire season, etc...
That depends entirely on the gear that she will be borrowing. Edit: What's the weather going to be like when you're going? Are you sharing a tent? Is your cooking system capable of cooking for 2? There's WAY too many variables here.
March? Anything in the high sierra is probably going to have snow. We're actually having a semi-normal year for snowpack and traditionally the road to Kings Canyon for example opens in April. If you're willing to do an aprox. 8 hour drive, check out the coastal redwoods north of Eureka. They're spectacular and close enough to the ocean (basically on it) that they don't snow out. Also check out on the way up the Avenue of the Giants. Really lovely scenic byway just parallel to the 101.
&gt; Rand also has a wound from the fight in the Great hunt and the marks on his hands. You mean like getting your side pierced with a spear and your hands wounded to boot? If only we had a savior figure from our past who suffered similar wounds that we could draw parallels to...
&gt;Eye of the World. Rand fights Ba'alzamon. Ba'alzamon gets stabbed, seemingly dies. yet doesn't. returns unharmed for the next book Didn't he have his cord severed? I think that's the only thing that Rand does to him. That happens in something called a dreamshard supposedly that is halfway to Tel'aran'rhiod, and as we've seen in TAR, while you can die in the dream world, injuries you sustain in TAR if you make it back have smaller real world scars. So it's possible that something similar in the Dreamshard occurs. Also, I can say that the first two fights seemed to be spiritual rather than physical. EotW seems to almost certainly take place in a metaphysical confrontation. It's arguable that during the Great Hunt climax the fight happened in a spiritual/supernatural format since everyone saw it occur up in the clouds above the battlefield. I think getting stabbed physically does the trick. Besides... [Metaphysics from A Crown of Swords](/s "The Dark One catches you at the moment of death if you're sworn to him and he favors you. You're reborn into a body if your body is killed. Who is to say that Rand *didn't* kill Ba'alzamon in those first two fights and that the DO took Ba'alzamon and stuffed him back into his body? It's not like his physical body was destroyed")
Oh god Cadsuane. Also on re-read Nynaeve is a lot more sympathetic than on my first readthrough. I see her now as a woman, probably about what, 20, 22 (Just a few years older than all the other Two Rivers people) and basically was for *years* already the matriarch of her town. There's passages where the Two Rivers characters remember being very small and having Nynaeve care for them like a mother. And when you think about it, she was like what, a young teenager when that was going down? I think at this point she's had a combination of having to take care of everyone since basically forever and being a very young person in a position where you have to appear to know what the hell your doing, and she doesn't. The temper and the obnoxiousness is a distraction to cover up the fact she is basically just making things up as she goes along. Well, that and she needs to be angry to channel at this point.
If memory serves the path is an old 4x road that got blocked off a few decades ago. It's pretty easy to follow. Water right now and water in Feb are two *entirely* different creatures. the area is getting rained on pretty good so I'm sure the water and the streams are flowing. If it stopped raining now it'd be moderately dry by the time you went but signs seem to point to a relatively wet winter. Water sources should be fine in Feb. hikelospadres.com is good for monitoring trail reports of water in the area.
&gt; That said, if you car camp at either Sentinel or Cedar Grove on the valley floor there will be great day hiking out of Road's End trail head with very comfortable accommodations for the lady (including showers). That's assuming the 180 will open up by April. If memory serves it opens late April into May. If the 180 is closed pretty much anything past Hume Lake is off limits.
Where the heck did I get April from? Apologies.
Welcome to the 74th annual Sniffing competition. Where only the best sniffers will get a chance to square off with women who fold their arms beneath their breasts.
3.9 seems high. I bought my 16 crosstrek on 1.9% APR on 2k down payment/trade in total at the end of November in Southern California. The only thing that was considered was my credit score and the cutoff was 706 I think for that tier of interest. If you have a credit score of 800 you shouldn't be paying 4-5% interest. Then again I walked in with half a dozen loans pre-approved and told them "if you beat this I'll finance with you". They beat it all right.
I also applied with my bank, my credit card, a credit union, and I can't remember who else and got pre-approved and got interest rates locked in. You can do all of that online and take in certificates or pre approval codes so you can use whichever one you want. If memory serves all hard credit inquiries within like 2-4 weeks qualify as only 1 credit inquiry on your credit report so it doesn't hurt to get options. You might want to verify that though first.
&gt; However, Rand clearly believes that the taint gave him the memories (see AMOL). He believes it but it probably isn't true. Mat had memories of Manetheren and battles before he levels up, and even Nynaeve basically channels balefire without being taught it in TDR. There's a lot of instances of past lives and ancient knowledge coming back that have nothing to do with male channeling.
If you're looking for something to keep for the rare instance you need chains, look up autosocks. They're about as low clearance as they can get. I have a set of super z low profile cables that supposedly work and the only situation where I might need to drive with them I'll be doing 15-20 anyway. Haven't needed them yet though.
Bene Gesserit
In The Dragon Reborn he rolls basically 5 or 6 sixes in dice like ten times in a row. One toss is like 1 in 7500, ten times in a row is something insane like 1 in 4.9e46 chances
Yup. So you'd get like... the 2nd best result in the game but not the best result. So it's not as obvious that you're cheating. Great scene. Then the crazy sauce that came after it during the tussle. Good times. (I hope I kept that spoiler free enough)
&gt; I guess because she doesn't blindly agree with whatever Rand says or whatever A lot of the time she doesn't even entertain the notion that he might know what he's talking about, and she persists in that conviction way longer than she has any right to. I don't totally blame her for that point of view. I blame the Aes Sedai for a lot of it.
I skipped it. Read the first 100 pages back in the day and quit. When Knife of Dreams came out I dug up a synopsis of CoT, read it, then skipped straight to KoD and didn't feel like I missed much.
Agreed. They'd need to truncate several plotlines, specifically Perrin's going after Faile which literally has a footprint in like 3 books and is the majority of CoT it felt like and *still* doesn't get resolved. The problem is that by CoT there had too many subplots and point of view characters. I think RJ realized this and it's why he's so swift in the next book. He needed to end/consolidate like a dozen subplots down into maybe two or three. Otherwise it would have taken six books to hit A Memory of Light.
So the LPNF and all the wilderness to the north isn't real? Gotcha.
By that measure nothing "genuine" exists at this point and the discussion is a null issue in bad faith.
Depends on the backpacking they're doing. If you're hiking the AT then possibly a knife is overkill. I carry a leatherman Squirt PS4. Not 5 dollars, but less than 30, great pliars, scissors, other tools that are nice to have in addition to a good blade. Weighs a little more than the venerable classic swiss army knife but more useful IMHO. Carrying just a single edge razor blade strikes me as Stupid Light.
All that aside... I'd suggest if you're not being a gram weenie and looking for a decent knife, the morakniv can be had on amazon for about 10 bucks, and punches way above it's cost in blade quality. It's not a full on survival knife, but I own 2-3 of them and keep them around as excellent utility knives, including one in my camping box. It's not an EDC knife but if you want a knife with a decent handle on it and some good high carbon steel look at morakniv.
If you have issues going alone, and that's totally understandable, look at meetup.com for hiking/backpacking groups and look into joining one. That's what I've had to do.
Skurka in general is an awesome resource.
I was in Calaveras back at the end of September and the tree was very sick. Only one branch was alive still really. I honestly was figuring only a few years of life left in it.
The Mother of the Forest tree a few hundred yards away from this tree had it's bark stripped to send back east as an exhibit. It's still standing, dead, hollowed out from fire.
So basically Westeros is the continent across the Ayrith Ocean? Probably not. There's a lot of native Seanchan beasties on that continent that are not in ASoIaF.
&gt;What would happen if you balefire yourself? This is a good point to bring up Robert Jordan's answer. QUESTION If I were to open a gateway in front of me that opened behind me, and I balefired myself, what would happen? ROBERT JORDAN Young lady, you are entirely too obsessed and have far too much time. You need to get some sort of life. I suggest you go have an intense love affair. Doesn't matter with who, be it man, woman, or German Shepherd.
&gt; Another paradox is what happens when you balefire balefire. This happens though right? It's part of why Moridin thinks he's connected to Rand.
While the Tuatha'an look for the song, I actually question if they *want* to find it deep down. Part of the Way of the Leaf is a complete and total shirking of responsibility, for themselves, for others, for everyone. They couch it in peacefulness and sure that's part of it but even when it doesn't involve violence they seem to shy away from taking an active part in the world. If they found the Song, they'd have to be very, very involved in the world. And I don't think they want that.
Considering that the exact same trap is set for... I think it was Perrin, I think that it's not unreasonable to think that they were darkfriends. That being said, Rand does just stone cold kill them all based on a bad feeling. Turns out that bad feeling was right that time but still..
&gt; This is the first book where we step outside Rand's head for most of the book, that's a good discussion point. Agreed. The POV shift is pretty significant and probably pretty important to be able to carry the rest of the series. Rand is the protagonist, but he isn't enough to carry the full story. Plus, it's necessary to start pushing him away from the readers, so they look *at* him and not necessarily *through* him.
If it's full price I believe so yes.
Additional comment on point 2. This is the first time that we see that prophecy is really funky in RandLand. It gets fulfilled, but *how* it gets fulfilled is not always immediately obvious. It sets up a lot of the rest of the series in just how prophecy is going to shape the story.
But the gate doesn't *totally* snap shut until the doorway was destroyed. It's like... in sleep mode.
I don't know from the website if that includes android auto. It looks like it *runs* android and is basically a tablet.
It's not the best without context but... "It's just a weave" probably is my favorite line.
Interesting link. If there is a connection, you could spin it that the Dragon is so destructive and comes about during such destructive times that he is viewed as basically as evil as the Dark One as time goes on and history turns to myth and starts getting muddied on it's way to Legend. The beginning of the series supports this. Isn't there even a part where Thom muses on being the hero of Tarmon Gai'don to some far flung future storyteller?
&gt; i am also on my first read through and i am just in the beginning of CoS (200 pages or so in) and I find the same. Women (Aes sedai mostly but also faile, bashere's wife, maidens of the spear etc) are so very controlling and nothing any man ever does is right and men are generally stupid and selfish according to women. While men just don't even understand how women can be of the same planet or how any of them can be trusted or understood. It's been pointed out that gender roles in RandLand have generally been swapped for 3000 years because powerful, channeling men go batshit and have to be put down. So all the super powerful channelers are women, and women are the only people who can be trusted to retain the mantle of power. Over thousands of years of civilization where these gender roles get swapped from our world (and thrown out of balance from the Age of Legends which seemed to be pretty big on the need for men and women to balance each other out) and then entrenched, you see women get to and assume arrogant positions of power. Sort of like our world, but with women instead of men. There are matriarchal power structures *everywhere* in RandLand. I mean when you sit back and think of it, the supergirls run all over the place getting in over their head having the kind of hijinks that you expected of Rand &amp; Mat in the first book.
&gt; One of the biggest flaws of the series is that the White Tower is allowed to limp along with all of its problems That we see. I can't really comment without spoiling further adventures, so I elaborate. But I don't know if I agree totally with that.
Oh man one of the best parts of the series is ahead of you now.
Dude spoilers the OP hasn't gotten that far yet. And also part of it is that to a certain extend Egwene really, REALLY wants to be Aes Sedai and all that culturally entails. I think she likes that aura of aloof superiority that gets projected.
Remember that when the series came out it was 2+ years between books frequently. In a time before the internet was as robust and reading synopsis up to that point wasn't an option. It's also a series that has arguably like a hundred A list &amp; B list characters in it. Wait a few months between books and all that repetition would help. They weren't written with binge reading in mind.
As for complaining about the LOTR vibe, that's a bit of a EotW-ism. The Great Hunt shifts tone pretty significantly, The Dragon Reborn moreso, and from there WoT has it's own voice for the rest of the series. All of the characters are going to grow and develop, some in completely unexpected ways. Everyone you like will reach a growth point that feels totally satisfying, and some of your "meh" characters may end up surprising you. Welcome to the Wheel. I'm glad you're enjoying it! I envy people going through it for the first time. I read Eye of the World in about a week, got hooked, and then read books 2-7 in about a week's time. Fastest I've ever binged on books in my life. I think I only slept 2-3 hours each night while I read through all those books. It was intense and insane and wonderful.
EotW is tonally and structurally different. There's going to be a few continuity hitches, nothing major, as you progress compared to EotW. Think of it like a really good series. The pilot and first couple episodes are feeling out where they need to be as a show and a story and the tone will vary and the story structure will shuffle around a little looking for the sweet spot. EotW is the pilot, TGH is the first few episodes (although really the changes feel like they were mostly settled on in TGH and just get polished moving foward), and by TDR you've hit the sweet spot and just go. Edit: Seriously downvoted? Would the downvoter care to explain why?
Sorry if I came off upset I just pointed that out because the OP said later in the thread Mat went through the arch and got his spear and that was as far as the story had gone. Trying to save as much fun for the OP :)
Why did this get downvoted?
SpaceX just launched their comeback mission by deploying new Iridium satellites the other day. I think it's Iridium's plan to offer up to 1 mbit/second transfer speeds eventually on their satellite network. Currently it's aprox. 1kb/sec Probably something like a Garmin InReach would have sufficed with text messaging and would have been cheaper. But Iridium is a decent satellite network. I think it might be one of the few if the only game in town.
To follow up on this. SpaceX just a few days ago launched their comeback mission with Iridium satellites. So that upgrade is underway. I believe that the system will be backwards compatible. Otherwise I think Delorme/Garmin wouldn't be pushing new models of their iridium devices right now.
The big payoff with Delorme/Garmin is that you receive confirmation that your message was sent. SPOT uses a best-guess to tell you if it sent or not because it's a 1-way system.
Most backcountry in California does not have reliable cell service. Sure at a pass you can possibly pick up a couple bars but if you break your leg and need to call for help are you really in any condition to summit a pass?
No clue. I just saw where the OP was on the Mat storyline in a post.
My first uke was a Cordoba concert. It's a nice playing laminate that punches above it's price point and is aprox. 100 dollars if memory serves. I play it just as often as my more expensive ukes.
Ungh. Cadsuane. Basically Cadsuane is a high level Aes Sedai who took "abrasive personality" as her non-weapon proficiency every level that it came up. And she's old school enough that I used AD&amp;D terminology to emphasize that. I cribbed this from the "accelerated ending" fanfic that is floated around *Rand HITS Cadsuane on her HEAD, has her TIED UP and placed in a CATAPULT.* *Cadsuane is COLDY DIGNIFIED.* *"If you are going to act like a petulant child, you can expect that..."* *Rand PULLS the LEVER. Cadsuane is FLUNG a great DISTANCE and is NOT HEARD FROM AGAIN.*
Almost everyone reacts this way.
Yeah RAFO is probably your best bet. As for rules... You'll start learning the magic system more. Especially starting around The Dragon Reborn you get the rules of the magic system more and more.
In Randland? Probably Foretelling. Because it almost was certainly someone with the Foretelling talent who gave the Dragon Prophecies. Also, according to New Spring, I can't remember her name, but the Keeper of the Chronicles foretells Rand's birth and really kickstarts everything the Aes Sedai do for the next 20+ years.
Another link to it. http://web.mit.edu/foley/Public/wot.ending
&gt; But she started to lose me when she was captive in the Tower. No one is captive and beaten multiple times a day for weeks and weeks and just shrugs it off. Contrast that to the beginning of the series post-Seanchan. Even the idea of being restrained in a room like triggers PTSD in her and she goes off. I agree that it gets a little over the top but I understand it's supposed to show that she has grown and is playing the long game while nobody else around her really is.
Totally agree there.
Apparently the Green Ajah got the Battle Ajah monicker during the trolloc wars, which was like what, 100 years before EOTW? I suspect that the White Tower's degredation is a relatively recent thing. It doesn't muck with politics nearly as much as their reputation would suggest, they don't do the stuff their Ajahs are supposed to do. I think it's a relatively recent development. It might even be instigated by the Shadow and the Black Ajah. Look at the inept ajahs who don't fulfill their basic concepts: Blues seem to not particularly do anything aside from Moiraine, Greens don't do much, Yellows don't run hospitals, Browns don't run schools. The Whites are... like... bookkeepers or something I don't know what their purpose is. Sure they dig logic but like... how does *that* apply to the One Power? The Greys? They're the 3rd largest Ajah apparently and do dick-all. The Ajahs that kind of have it together still seem to be the ones that are least likely to interfere with the shadow's business.
What war happened 100 years prior to the books? I can't remember then.
The Manetheren story by Moiraine in EotW might not be a bad one.
It is literally the beginning of the book. Moiraine is telling the story of Manetheren to the Emon's Fielders. Good story.
I bought that game retail when it came out. If I ever hear about only being able to channel a trickle again I'm going to pull my braid. The gameplay itself wasn't bad though. It kind of felt obvious though that the game devs read WoT but weren't like crazy into it.
When I read it I pronounced it in my head as "fail-ee", which rhymes with wheelie. Fah-eel sounds better, but Fail-ee just seemed to fit better.
Very much agreed with this. There's a few problems I see about TBT at this point. One, it's written itself into a corner with the season finale. It's actually at a decent stopping point, albeit a downer "bad guys win" stopping point. Where to go from here is kind of questionable. Two, TBT has boiled down basically to Strand's life and 2-3 of the Black Tapes stories. They're all linked, but instead of "resolving" each black tape and taking a clue from it and building towards this grander conspiracy, they're just mining the original story threads, and the whole of the show is weaker for it. That's just IMHO at least.
&gt; My argument is basically going to be that Strand’s reward offer is not fair, will always benefit Strand, and can never benefit the person who submits evidence. As far as we know the parameters of the reward require someone to provide Dr. Strand with evidence of something paranormal, and he will reward a sum of money in return for this evidence. I'm assuming he's using James Randi's million dollar reward as a template, since that's clearly who Strand is inspired by. Randi has specific conditions that will provide the million. Specifically, you get together with his team and devise a scientifically acceptable double-blind test. If you pass it repeatedly or at least in a statistically significant way, you win the cash. Randi gets involved with other skepticism as well but to my knowledge a lot of it isn't even considered for the cash prize. It's all a null point considering Strand's cash flows but when he set up the million I would imagine that there are very specific circumstances that need to be filled for the million to be paid out. We just never hear them. Which is unfortunate.
Permathrin treated clothing (either professionally or get a bottle of it from Sawyer and treat your clothes, just keep the stuff away from cats until it dries), Deet/picaridin bug juice, and maybe a bug net over a hat.
It's an IR sensor that dings when a heat signature rolls by and like... 2 other things. It claims it'll use SMS and email alerts, but if there's no cell signal I have no goddamn idea how that's supposed to work. Their app according to the website is actually an app called "Cayenne" which is actually a prototyper app for arduino. So basically they stuck some off-the-shelf arduino shields onto a board, linked it up with an app that is not their own (but presumably will put a wrapper over it), put it in an owl container, and are asking for money for it. I would stay away from this.
Totally not dangerous at all. Just google Chris McCandless for his adventure story! (Note, there is sarcasm in this post)
If you get there early and nobody is camping in that spot, set up. Otherwise... my experience has always been your site will have a little reservation tag on it. You may have to check in wherever to get the official okay and register your car. Otherwise, for first come first serve, you pull your car in, grab an envelope from the front of the campsite, fill in the information (dates staying, car license plate, etc...) stuff it with cash, stick it in the lock box, and clip your tag from the envelope to your camp site. After that... it's yours. Leave, stay, drive off into the sunset. You don't have to stay there. Reservations work the same way. Once you pay for the site it's yours until the time you paid for is up. You don't have to squat on it. They mark that it's taken and that's that. I'd not leave valuables in the campsite if you leave. Food storage if there's bears will be necessary. But usually I just make camp and then take off if I am bored. Leave your campsite clean and tidy and assume that someone *could* go through your stuff. There are stories of people getting stuff stolen out of tents, but that has never happened to me or anyone I know. Generally people are pretty respectful, but don't leave anything you wouldn't want to get pinched. If you leave a camp site that looks like a bomb exploded, you'll probably get fined by the rangers and they will make you clean up.
Try the pizzas in a small dutch oven one at a time. That should work better. You can put coals on top of the dutch oven to bake it from all directions.
Stirfry in a wok in the fire pit. Make a nice hot coal bed, set your carbon steel wok directly in the coals, and start cooking. That's what they were designed for originally. I'm partial to any kind of sausage or brat in a roll with carmalized onions. If it's cool/cold weather I'll cook up a vat of chili in advance and do frito pies or chili dogs. Breakfasts are usuallly egg scrambles with sausage crumbles and veggies and coffee strong enough to let a spoon stand up in it. Red beans &amp; rice with andouille sausage is an old standby for me too. One pot meal, tasty, filling.
Me neither. I take my shoes off before getting into the tent and clear the ground of rocks and sticks/twigs. Never is a problem. Today's car tents have basically tarps for bottoms anyway. Now for my 400 dollar backpacking tent that weighs 18 ounces? Yeah. I have a tyvek groundsheet to go underneath it. The walls and the floor are basically the same lightweight material.
All season? Like... dead of winter sub-zero 3 feet of snow all season? Because no. I would not take this tent into winter conditions. And I wouldn't bring a winter tent backpacking in the summer. Or do you really mean 3 season?
&gt; Basically CAMP/y get signal from satellite from anywhere and then work as a point access to give you local wifi to pair you cellphone and CAMP/y. This gives the impression that you're using satellite internet/satellite voice service. Unless the market has changed without my noticing that usually costs quite a bit of money, both for the modem/radio and for the data transfer costs. Which you completely don't mention. So either you've completely revolutionized satellite data delivery or you're being *extremely* vague. I am guessing when you refer to "getting a signal from satellite" you're referring to GPS/GLONASS. Which doesn't particularly link into the microcell wifi that you're setting up. If you are using satellite data/voice, it'd be useful to mention what network you're using: iridium, globalstar, etc... I do this stuff for a living so you'll forgive me if I'm a skeptic.
Alaska is the biggest state in the country and I would imagine that the entire gambit of car camping to vast tracts of complete and utter wilderness can be found in it's boarders. Asking "is it safe lol" to go camping there is like saying "I have 3 days in California where can I go camping". It's almost a non-starter of a question because you have to specify more information because the state is simply too large for simple answers. It wasn't a serious question. I didn't give it a serious answer.
I don't know how well that'll hold up to serious rain. If you pull the trigger on something like that, I agree get a tarp to cover it in serious rain. I personally am not a big fan of cabin tents. They take forever to take down and pack into their bag due to the acres of fabric. Depending on *why* you want more room a good popup shade with bug nets and maybe even one of the versions with a hardshell addon might serve just as well and be easier to pack and store.
Are you looking at budget level? I always hear good things about the REI half and quarter domes, but they're going to run 3-400 dollars. I went a different route for my backpacking sleep system so I don't have a lot of first hand experience.
Not to mention all the other byproducts of regular combustion.
Not really. As I said they aren't the kind of tent I go for so I don't have any practical experience. At this point, I have a cheap ass instant-up tent for car camping with new people, I have 2 very small single wall backpacking tents that are sub-2 pounds, and I have my warbonnet hammock that I use 90% of the time when there's trees for it.
Yeah Keens almost have clown shoe toe boxes. They're great if you need the space.
And to think I was bitching about NFS campgrounds costing 25 a night...
This is the exact reason why REI stopped offering their kickass warranty guarantee.
Go to /r/Fresno or /r/Visalia and see if you can hire someone to drive you up. I'd offer... oh probably 30-50 bucks as an opener. If I lived in Visalia I'd consider doing it for that range, but I live in Fresno and probably would want closer to 75 for the drop off.
Check out Backpackingchef.com and get the book. Really a great recipe book, as well as how to dehydrate staples for various meals and how to meal plan if you're dehydrating. The bark recipes are worth it alone. It made me experiment by taking homemade chili colorado sauce and dehydrating it down to leather/bark. I have the equivalent of a gallon of the stuff in a sandwich baggy in the freezer. Pull out a few sheets and toss into boiling water and you have instant chili colorado sauce. Great for shredded, dehydrated pork. If you want the chili colorado recipe I use http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/article/groat-ricks-chili-colorado
&gt; versus thinking they could destroy you at any moment with a flick of their wrist. Except that's exactly what most people think the Aes Sedai are capable of doing. Part of that is the Black Ajah but really it's a misconception the White Tower cultivates as an expedient tactic but a terrible strategy.
Judging by the characters in the novel, because if you don't do what they want you to do they tie you up in flows of air, gag you, and switch you/torture you until you see the error of your ways. The Aes Sedai don't see that as using the one power as a weapon, but I think most of the rest of the world would.
&gt; 2) The effects of the dagger/Mordeth from Shadar Logoth. My headcanon is that the Manetheren blood bubbles up memories but they don't start becoming stronger until Mat's own memories get wiped out due to the healing from the dagger. With that blank slate as it were, foggy/dim memories come up unchallenged. His encounter at Rhuidean basically just rips the canvas away and lets the memories bubble up directly.
Both Narrators are really good. However, the guy also narrates the book Desert Solitude. So after listening to a bajillion hours of Wheel of Time, I went and listened to Desert Solitude, and had the mental image of Lan living in a trailer around Arches National Monument in the 60's. Which... isn't a bad thing. The mood of the book and Lan's personality just seem to go together.
I'm only aware of a couple places where there are grizzlies. They can be cantankerous. Brown bears? Clean up your camp site, stow food safely, avoid bringing anything scented into your tent (down to lip balm or sunscreen or toothpaste), carry a whistle with you. Bear spray works too but whistles work pretty well. Don't come between mamma bear and her cubs. That's a bad idea.
&gt; Especially how to positively identify a brown bear versus a black bear because what to do in an encounter depends on what kind of bear it is. Brown bears and black bears are the same species. I think you mean black bears and grizzlies?
Most of the high country is still snowbound. Though with the 110 degree temperatures in the central valley it's hitting 100 in places like Yosemite. The runoff canals are all full. Bad time generally. Sierra high country is all snowed in still and it's going to be around 105 in the central valley. The coastal ranges will be dry and around 90 or so I think.
If you don't feel like using their service, you can use WX2InReach, a free service someone set up years ago that does the same thing. Assign the request to one of your 3 quick messages and you only pay for the reply. http://wx2inreach.weebly.com/ That being said, I think the Delorme forecast and the Wx2InReach are the same price: one text message.
I'm surprised honestly there isn't like... a dye capsule or something in there that if the tubes ever rupture you'd start getting bright green water or something and you know not to drink it.
Most Yosemite backcountry permits are going to be hard to come by on this short of a notice, although I noticed some of the smaller Sequoia/Kings Canyon trails still had available trailheads in August. Probably by August most of the snow will have melted. It's receding pretty fast even though it's still significant in the high country.
It'd be interesting to have mutation seeds you could slot into the infinite forest. Sort of like how The Division does it, only you could go wacky. Pre-nerf Prometheus Lens wacky. A mutation that only allows for grenades and offers zero ammunition, so once you use your ammo up that's it. Mirror Mirror mutation where all your opponents are guardians. How about a mutation where only one person at random gets to pop a super, and then it moves on to another member of the fireteam?
&gt; Snow is anyone's guess at this point. I'm at the point where I'm saying it's going to be a light to very light snowfall year. We've barely gotten any this year. I mean, it's January and here's the Yosemite high country webcam: https://pixelcaster.com/yosemite/webcams/sentinel.jpg?2018041347 Just a dusting at the high levels. We're on track to have the driest winter in California recorded history. I'd say aim for earlier rather than later. Water is going to dry up fast. There's some better snowpack up around Shasta and up into Oregon/Washington, but by the time you get there it won't matter.
&gt; Jet boil is the fastest and most efficient, but it's a bit heavier. Right round 6-8 ounces heavier TBH. Jetboil is fairly heavy and the PCT equipment breakdowns I've seen nobody really uses it. &gt;The lightest stove would be an alcohol stove, but those are technically outlawed I believe in California and you're risking a fine, and you really can can start a forest fire if you don't know what you're doing. California issues fire restrictions depending on how dry the environment is and it can change with relatively little warning. It's also issued ranger district by ranger district. Generally speaking alcohol stoves are great for the spring and winter (winter is hiking weather in so cal) and anywhere from May through August you can expect them to be restricted. Deep summer they're almost always restricted. Unless you're in a stage 4 fire restriction, you generally can get away with anything that has an on/off valve to it. You can talk to rangers to get fire alerts, check in towns, ect... At stage 4 restrictions you're basically cold camping anyway, as nothing is allowed, including camp fires or smoking. I'd go look up the blog adventures in stoving from /u/hikin_jim and look into considerations for alcohol stoves. They aren't necessarily the best solution. Right now I'm partial to my Soto Amicus with the Prima Eta Express pot (It's a nice little 1 liter pot with a heat exchanger that works with all standard canister stoves, a little heavy and if I was doing a through hike I'd probably revert back to my evernew titanium pot). Alcohol stoves are *quiet*, which is nice, but slow. Fuel is cheap, but you are looking at either denatured spirits or HEET (Yellow bottle please) for fuel, and I'm not sure how readily available all that is along the PCT. Oh and as for web sites, go check out thetrek.co and maybe add it to a feedly account and read the blogs. It's generally aimed at the AT, but a lot of PCT hikers will set up blogs and at least do before and after blog posts on what works and what doesn't. It's a great resource for long distance hikers. You may want to pick up the book the website founder wrote, Appalachian Trials, which is how to mentally approach a long distance hike. Again, AT focused, but lots of good advice.
I know people that swear by esbit. Never could be okay with the greasy soot that it leaves behind. Enjoy your alcohol stove in the damp months. If you can't have a campfire, you probably can't have an alcohol stove. Pretty easy rule of thumb.
When are you going? That's going to impact your options significantly.
I got a quilt. Fixed my claustrophobia problem, and I don't usually get claustrophobia.
Dude point 1 answers your question. Yes, it looks like a total fire restriction. You can't even smoke unless it's in your car.
I've never seen it issued in January before ever. That's unprecedented.
So apparently you didn't just see the largest wildfire in California history burn for a month in the middle of winter, because you think that fire restrictions are ridiculous. I hope you get caught. Then we can look forward to the reddit thread where you bitch about the 5000 dollar fine.
The end of fire season is dependent on moisture in the environment. So basically a few days after the first really good rain storm in the late fall/winter.
There is an off chance that you have crappy tuning machines too. But if they were particularly crappy you'd go out of tune during your playing session usually. My money is on new strings too. My strings sometimes take weeks to really settle in. And you'll sometimes go half a step out of tune as the temperature and humidity change. Less so oddly enough on cheap ukes because of the laminate construction but they are pieces of wood and react to the environment.
And how is this backpacking food?
&gt; As for your illness... In the United States, any question regarding that sort of personal matter (or your age, religion, upbringing, etc.) would be very very very illegal. The problem is that on a CV/Resume, anything longer than a 6 month gap in employment is going to be asked about or red-flagged. I don't have a Buddhist answer on if massaging dates on a CV is allowable or not, but I find that kind of harsh red-flagging in the professional world to be unethical in and of itself.
&gt; but I can't imagine not being allowed to ask about current or potential future health problems. I believe the only health problems they can ask about are anything that would prevent you from fulfilling the requirements for your job. So if you couldn't lift 50 pounds, if you couldn't work full time, etc... Reasonable accommodations have to be made. Filtering via health is a touchy subject as it's a private matter here.
It's probably a small group of kids/guys in their 20's. There was a trailhead in Ojai that was infamous for getting vandalized and stuff ripped off out of cars and they finally caught the like 2 guys doing it and it basically stopped at that point.
Last I checked Kings Canyon has been closed for the winter since like... October I wanna say. Mid-october. Other than that, the drive into Kings Canyon is kind of sad due to the... I want to say Sobranes fire that happened a couple years ago. Yosemite is extraordinarily pretty, but it's about as crowded as a pretty dense urban city or Disneyland depending on when you go. Kings Canyon is not a glacier canyon like Yosemite, it's carved by a river, so it's a little more dramatic and craggy.
This. Don't open the box unless you need them.
My experience with the Sierra Club sucked. I joined, they took my money, then I got a letter in the mail saying I was too young to join the Sierra Club. I guess 32 back then was too young? I know they screwed up but they kept my money and refused to help me. Then they started calling me every month asking for more money. The time I had lost my job, was unemployed, and the guy on the phone started to try to tell me how 300 a month was totes affordable for someone on unemployment was when I had finally had it with them. Blocked their numbers and told them not to solicit from me any more. I'll donate money to other conservation endeavors that are more grateful and do more with my money. I never actually *went* anywhere with the local Sierra Club chapter the year I was a pseudo-member. I hope my money helped with some advocacy, because that's the only satisfaction I'd ever get out of it. On the flip side, I've found tons of meetup.com groups dedicated to hiking and have had lovely experiences with them.
As I said, I'm assuming it was a screwup somewhere. But they never worked with me to fix it. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
I'd guide you to https://thetrek.co/ for blogs, articles, and a lot of insight on through hiking. It was originally aimed at the AT but the PCT is represented pretty well there too.
&gt; My money's on the problem being with the 'leadership', or total lack thereof. Absolutely. I've worked in locations with terribad leadership before. It feels a lot like this. Communication is lacking because internally, there really isn't any communication. Things get proposed, deadlines get laid, and without communication internally, things that turn out to be obviously bad just get pushed out. The question is what management *is* doing with their time. Sadly, only management can answer that question. From the trenches and from the bleachers (ie: the players) it's impossible to tell.
If you're looking at getting to Cedar Grove/Road's End that might be tricky. There's a Visalia to Sequoia tram for 15 each way, but Visalia is an hour south. I just checked and there are *no* shuttles/buses to Kings Canyon any more at this time. There used to be but nothing went to Cedar Grove. You could ask someone in /r/fresno to pay them gas. You're looking at probably half a tank of gas to get a car from Fresno to Grant Grove and back. Cedar Grove is another 50-ish miles round trip and would be a full day. Plus, unless you found someone with a pass for the park, that's 30 bucks right there (75 if Zinke gets his way about the prime season price hike). If you could get into the park you might be able to sweet talk someone already heading to King's Canyon to hitch a ride. So V-Line will take you from Fresno to Visalia for 10 bucks. https://ridevline.com/ 15 bucks will get you up into Sequoia proper. The hard part will be getting from Sequoia to Kings Canyon. The really hard part will be getting to Grant Grove. I don't have easy solutions for that. You can also hang out in the /r/seki board and see if anyone is going during your window and you could carpool. You might get some opportunities that way.
You can see quite a bit of the park. The Giant Forest runs through redwood groves on the road. Everything will have some snow or be kind of muddy and cold (it's been a dry year). If we get some killer storms in the next few weeks snowshoes or skis may be required. The foothills won't have snow and while they don't have Sequoias, they're pleasant and there's trails around that you can hike on.
Obviously we should burn every copy of Wheel of Time to avoid any possible comparison between WoT and GoT. I mean, they both have men and women in them! Imagine the confusion! (end sarcasm) We're in the middle of "peak TV" which started with the concept that your viewers are smart and can handle moderately complicated themes, or at least talk about them. Will some idiots say WoT ripped off GoT? Sure. Who cares. I'll trust the audience to be smart enough to tell the difference. They got the difference between LOTR and GOT.
I've reheated using saute mode. Just keep stirring every couple of minutes.
Crossroads II is also the moment where Saul becomes my favorite character of the series. Where he chooses what side he's on, not because of who he is, but because of his values always gives me chills. Everyone else compromises their values and Saul finally finds and commits to his. I know Michael Hogan hated it for his character but man his story arc saved the 4th season for me.
&gt; So if a woman fancies you, and she's available, by all means, date her. &gt; &gt; But this woman is not available. More so, she has not made herself available. She's already made a choice, multiple choices in fact, to not make herself available, and that is a rejection. A gentle rejection, maybe even a regretful rejection, but a rejection. You have a choice now. If you can actually let go of your desire to date and accept that you have a connection but not a romantic relationship, you can remain her friend. I won't even say maybe she will change her mind or become single because then you're still hoping that there is a chance to change things and as time passes you will start to want to nudge things towards that direction. Usually that doesn't work, and things turn toxic as you feel entitled to behavior and feelings from her that you desire and she feels betrayed that her "friend" just wanted to date her. If you can't redefine your relationship to her to set aside romance, you need to step back and accept that.
If you wanted more beans and a rougher, more rustic soup, you could use a potato masher to squash up the black beans. That's what I do when I make navy bean soup.
Yup it's a big-ass parking lot. Shouldn't be a problem. Check in with the ranger station at the start of your hike. Leave nothing that would interest bears in sight. Generally speaking it's close enough to a ranger station I haven't heard of break-ins by people. Just bears. 8 days isn't an unusual amount of time though. If you're really worried, leave a note with your itinerary in the car. Though checking in with the rangers is probably just as good. Enjoy! That's a lovely hike!
It's a standard design geometry that is reliable. Eureka is a decent brand too (I think their smaller tents are standard for boy scouts. Heavy but bombproof). Two adults and a child is going to be cozy. Backpacking is going to be kind of heavy at 5+ pounds depending on what you take with you like rainfly and stakes.
A little late but the difference between the two is that Feeling Good was published in 1980 and the handbook was published in 1998. I'm suspecting that the handbook is the updated version but I'm not positive.
How long was your total cook time? Back of the envelope math says that it should take at least 17 minutes to boil off all the stock in an induction system, which I doubt the IP is but it's the highest efficiency I could find so I went with that as the low minimum. 4 minutes of steaming is about 20% of the stock total, and you may lose a little bit more coming up to pressure, but after that there shouldn't be much liquid loss due to the pressure cooker's seal. There has to be a leak somewhere or you're cooking with the vent open for a *very* long time.
This. Otherwise the IP would never come down in temperature/pressure. Or it would estremely slowly. Plus, if it gets too hot, it can turn off the heating element and know, within a reasonable period of time, that the temperature/pressure would lower. If the whole thing was insulated, that wouldn't happen and would pose a risk.
Additional note: Last time I checked, the IP's high pressure setting is a few PSI lower than most stovetop pressure cookers. If you're doing a recipe that uses a traditional pressure cooker on "high", you may want to experiment with either a slow natural release instead of a quick release in the recipe, or extend the cooking time in the IP for 5-10 minutes.
But is the flavor of Tuttorosso tomato sauce fresh and vibrant? I'm concerned that my Tuttorosso tomato sauce is not the best option on the market for vibrant tomato flavor.
Notes: If this is anything like the phone apps there is a gargantuan amount of DLC that will cost you if you download it all. Also, while Talisman has an important place in the history of gaming, I am at the point where the only way to make it better is to view it through the misty lens of nostalgia. Someone on BoardGameGeek noted that most games that have an automated "dungeon master" have a personality to them. He compared DungeonQuest to I believe a BDSM dominatrix whereas Talisman's DM is more like an abusive drunken uncle. Which seems like a good analogy to me.
I always wondered why people spent huge amounts of money on "detox" tea when some maltitol will do the trick.
Look up The Whoosh. Or check out the link. The Whoosh is real. Trust in the Whoosh. [https://bodyrecomposition.com/fat\-loss/of\-whooshes\-and\-squishy\-fat.html/](https://bodyrecomposition.com/fat-loss/of-whooshes-and-squishy-fat.html/) Edit: Additionally, my first time through keto, while I weighed myself every day, I would only "count" the weekends, usually Saturday, on my weight log. That way if my weight went up half a pound during the week, I wouldn't worry too badly since it wasn't "official". I also experimented with only recording when I lost weight. That sort of works, but when you stall and don't record your weight for a while it breaks the habit and that wasn't good. So I switched to daily "check ins" and weekly "Weigh\-ins".
There's apps like libra and even the fitbit &amp; MFP do averaging I believe these days so that your weight loss is averaged out over the previous 5 days or 7 days or whatever and that helps for minor noise but sometimes it's just easier to do official weekly weigh ins, or bi\-weekly, or whatever.
From what I understood reading the reviews on BGG, the problem with FM besides being fiddily as all hell even with the app was that it inverted RC. So instead of building up, the game engine fell apart as time went on, and it just was frustrating more than fun.
And smoke weed.
&gt;On the post about crystal pepsi that made the front page the other week I saw in the comments people talking about all the different fizzy drink vending machines they had in their high schools, their fricking high schools and you didn't need to ask what country they were from. Oh man you have no idea. Coke machine in the locker room, coke machines in the hallways, coke machines in the cafeteria right next to the coolers of coke. And I went to high school during the days of Surge. So twice the caffeine and more sugar than normal. It was ubiquitous. It'd be one thing if you went through the cafeteria and could grab a pop, because that'd be limited to the 15 minute "nutrition break" \(BWHAHAHAHAHAHA\) we had in the morning and lunch time. So were the snack machines, always filled with candy. I always had a roll of Spree on me. Loved that candy. Hell, my friends and I had lunch for a year straight of a chocolate chip cookie the size of my head and a bottle of Dr Pepper. When I fell into the Drama Department we lived for entire weekends on buildout on Dr Pepper, Taco Bell flavored doritos, and peanut butter filled M&amp;Ms. Is it any wonder I blew up like a goddamn balloon? What's terrifying about the growing youth obesity is that my senior year of high school I was a healthy weight even though my diet away from my parents basically was horrid junk food. Right around 22 my metabolism shifted and that's when the weight started piling on. So these kids... they're going to be obese as they hit their 20's, and then their metabolism will shift from "growing, come at me bro" to "adult, moderation please" and their eating habits will not change and they'll explode.
Is.. is this satire? Please tell me this is satire.
&gt; I mean, I don't know how big the OP actually is, but I kind of think 'You're too fat to ride' would be far more humiliating and anxiety\-inducing. Maybe her friends are nicer than she thinks. Okay I'm 6'2, but I had a horrid 2 years and I stress eat and I'm back to 330 pounds. Well, 324 as of this morning. Time to turn that shit around. While I could physically fit into a honda civic it wouldn't be comfortable, but the f\*cking seat belt would fit me with a good 6\-8 inches to spare on the seat belt roller. So I feel like this is either a satire post or seriously the OP is like 5'1 and has a 70 inch waist.
That's when you roll a towel up and lay the roll on the left hand side so your butt at least evens out somewhat. Imagine the back problems the heavy person had. All the issues from being out of whack like that, plus the back issues from being so heavy.
&gt;Dangerous for her, the rest of the people in the car and you'd THINK a wake\-up call to barely be able to fit into a car or use the normal seatbelt. In the event of a serious car wreck she'd turn into a missile and not only would almost certainly die herself, but would kill anyone she hit too.
There's a video of his transformation too. It actually was really touching and showed that bodybuilders aren't just arrogant meatheads. They bought him a kiddie pool so he could have his first bath in years and shit and treated him with some real compassion. I'm sure there's people who gave him shit but this was one of those "reaffirming my faith in humanity" moments. Here it is: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8svuSIYQu74](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8svuSIYQu74)
Type 2 diabetes is a social disease? WITAF?
26 pounds is dramatic period. In 26 weeks it's fantastic. Remember, weight loss over 6 months in scientific studies \*averages\* about 8 pounds give or take. You're 300&amp;#37; beyond what researchers expect from a wildly successful effort.
Not the OP but I can say that if you stick to it and minimize sweet stuff, even artificial sweeteners, in about 2\-3 weeks your palate shifts fundamentally. Sugary stuff doesn't look quite as appatizing. Things that you might have thought were bland will start tasting sweeter. Stuff like butternut squash will taste like candy. And the heavily sugary stuff? It'll taste bland. Or way, way, way too cloyingly sweet. When I was in deep keto I used to splurge on donut days at the office with 1/8th of a donut \(yes, 1/8th I'd cut it it was a joke for a long time\) and that bite of donut with the glaze would taste... meh. Not great. Not very flavorful. A ripe strawberry or two? I'd get dizzy off of how sweet and wonderful it was. So best I can say is stick with it, try to avoid cheating or loopholes for the first few weeks. It's the hardest, but your brain is literally rewiring to adjust to a world without cups of sugar in everything.
Goddamn. How did you get started lifting? I've been thinking about it, with this job change that is probably going to happen I think it's a good time to introduce new habits. Did you pay for a trainer to show you the basics? Or luck out with someone who could show you?
People make keto way too complicated sometimes. WTG on sticking too it.
If you're sticking to your macros you are getting real results in there too.
Sounds like your gut culture is changing and is fighting a hard fight. See if you can find some low\-carb kefir \(in theory, kefir should be naturally low carb but anything yogurt/fermented f\*cking gets a pound of sugar added to it\) and drink that. May have to go to a whole foods or health food store. Kefir has more strains of probiotic in it than yogurt and supposedly does better in colonizing your gut. Basically right now the gut flora that you had that fed on carbs are getting starved to death. Gas, bloating, just kind of a general icky feeling as the carb flora die off and your gut adjusts. Encouraging more gut culture could help shorten this. Also look into upping your fiber intake. A lot of gut flora needs insoluble fiber as a prebiotic to live and you basically want to encourage as fast as possible your gut to rebalance however it needs to. I'm a guy so YMMV but in the past yogurt, probiotic pills, and fiber \(metamucil, sugar free, or just psyllum Husk powder, which is unflavored metamucil\) helped me adjust. Recently I was put on a really really serious antibiotic course to battle an infection and I drank kefir instead of yogurt and had no stomach discomfort. It really was amazing stuff. I'm looking for a low carb version of kefir to help when it's my turn to go through that adjustment.
Well thankfully this is a passing period of time. It's a little later than when i went through it originally \(about 3 weeks in\) so definitely if you try some of that and it doesn't help you want to be aware and not keep toughing through it. I'm not a doctor, or even a nutritionist, but I did go on keto for about 18 months solid a few years back and it did great for me. Also protip: After your gut adjusts and you think/know you're going to splurge and have a carby meal or drink, you may want to again take a good probiotic or drink some kefir in advance to give your gut a chance. It will lessen the GI distress and you won't spend a whole day on the toilet.
Eh instead of a fresh start just keep going. You'll get back into keto within 24 hours. It sounds like you went out of keto and gained a bunch of water back. You'll drop it off within a day or so of getting back into it. Every cheat that's the thing you gotta tell yourself. "I'll be back into it within 24 hours". Of course, once you're a few months into keto, you'll say that with a different emphasis as you get GI issues from cheating. As for coffee, see if you can do stevia or some artificial sweetener if you have to sweeten up your coffee. I know I need to most days and I just use splenda. Tastes closest to the real thing and I'm down to one packet per 3 cups of coffee. I just find a little sweetness brings out flavors in coffee that I can't taste otherwise. The more artificial sweetener you use the longer it takes to get off the sugar habit is all. I happen to believe that if you're constantly finding sweet things to pseudo\-cheat with, you're not changing habits and sooner or later you're going to break and binge on the real thing.
I'm all for them. Whatever works for you. My problem personally is that the more sweet stuff I eat, the more I crave sweet stuff. And sooner or later I'm looking at a birthday cake, or a slice of pie, or something like that which is specifically non\-keto, and because I've been goosing my sweet tooth I'm far more likely to cave and give in. Some folks aren't like that. If you aren't like that I envy the hell out of you. But for me I have to make sweet stuff a very occasional treat instead of something I eat daily/multiple times a day. So once a week/every few weeks I'll dump some splenda and cocoa into a bit of heavy cream and whip it into chocolate whipped cream and indulge in that or something along those lines. I personally find that if I am constantly looking for loopholes and keto friendly sweets, I'm probably not going to stay on keto for long. If I tough out the sweet tooth and try to make it a rare occasion, my palate adjusts, and the cravings go away. The physical cravings for sugar go away after a couple weeks. You'll actually hit a point where you can \*feel\* the psychological craving, and can tell the difference between the psychological craving and the physical craving. It's a weird feeling. But once you're aware of it, you can set it aside pretty easily. The psychological cravings take longer to go away\- I'd say a month or two for them to subside. Again, if you can eat keto treat loopholes without feeling tempted to eat normal sweets, rock on. Hike your own hike as they say.
One step at a time man. And congrats on you for just f\*cking DOING IT. You don't need to prepare, or get some grandiose gesture ready, you just have to start with your next meal. Protip: Go buy yourself a bottle of cheap bouillon cubes from the market and keep them in your desk at work. Maybe with a little beef jerky as an emergency nosh. Around day 2 or 3 you're going to start peeing like a racehorse and you'll probably get sick, get a headache, and generally feel miserable. That's keto flu. If you start upping your salt intake around the time you start peeing like crazy, it'll help a lot. Nu\-Salt is nice too, it helps boost your potassium. Usually to stave off keto flu I have an afternoon mug of chicken bouillon broth dashed with nu\-salt until it almost tastes too salty. Some folks take 2 tablespoons of soy sauce in the morning like a vitamin. You'll probably come to a point where you groan and don't feel happy with your decision. Reward yourself with something insane\- Cook up a half pound of bacon and eat it as you cook it. Go get a rotisserie chicken from Costco or Winco or Walmart or whatever and eat the damn thing skin and all. Then throw the carcass into your instant pot with some veg and make bone broth and drink that up. Will it kill your calorie count for the day? Possibly, but it's novel enough that you're doing something that is perfectly fine by keto but horrid by every other diet is a bit of an emotional boost. You can do it. A day at a time. Once you get past the first week or two you're going to feel better. You'll have lost water weight very quickly, and will feel the benefit of that. You'll have setbacks, but as in my favorite analogy, think of yourself on a long road trip. If someone cuts you off and you drop from 75 to 55, you don't quit the road trip. You just take a breath and get back up to speed when you can. By the time you arrive at your destination you won't even remember slowing down.
No need to reinvent the wheel here, use olive oil below smoke point, and a bit of butter everywhere else. Ghee and extra light olive oil have essentially the same smoke point. Use extra light olive oil instead of extra virgin. Save the virgin for dipping bread or on a salad or something like that. You destroy the mild flavors of EVOO by heating it. Alternatives: Avocado oil has a smoke point like 40 degrees hotter than almost anything and like 80 degrees higher than peanut oil. When I wanna fry HOT I grab avocado oil. A good process of it leaves a mild flavor that I don't find objectionable. Walnut oil is crazy expensive and depending on how refined it is has a smoke point of 320f or 400f if refined. Again, put it on a salad.
Avocado oil has a smoke point of 520 degrees. There almost isn't anything with a higher smoke point.
2 cans of full fat coconut milk is kind of insane unless you're cooking for like 10\-12 portions. I make massive vats of curry that I can eat for a week and use... 1/2 a can of full fat coconut milk. And that's for like 8 portions. The Butter Chicken Lady's recipe, which is incidentally keto and already high in fat\- uses 4oz of butter and 4 oz of coconut milk or cream. If you use coconut milk for everything you're still looking at 8oz, or 2/3 of a can of coconut milk. You're doing 300&amp;#37; the fat and calorie content unless you're cooking like 6 pounds of chicken at once.
We had a Steak 'n Shake?
I find dogs are never the same after the first time you take them camping. It's like you wake something primal up in them that will never go back to sleep. The world is bigger and they know it. My grandparents had a little Shih Tzu lap dog that was literally a lap and carpet princess. Then my folks took that dog camping. After running and jumping through fields of grass and smelling the trees and barking at squirrels for a weekend that dog was never a lapdog for the rest of it's life. It even preferred living outdoors after that. She seemed happy, she just redefined the terms of her human companionship. Not all dogs tweak out that hard when going camping but I always see a little more wild of an animal in them.
4 bucks a signature seems... high doesn't it? Usually it's like a buck or two per signature I thought.
&gt;Boom. 3\-second video. What the fuck else makes up the other 6:57 Padding for ads?
I find that games that are essentially multiplayer solitaire need to stay especially interesting intrinsically to hold up. If the game is a little flat it's going to show it's flaws far quicker in a multiplayer solitaire game than if there was player interaction.
Well the 4-6 weeks from now thing is probably the next printing. It's already on the boat if memory serves.
That's basically what I got too. Apparently Gamenerdz has a bit of a rep for being pokey when it comes to shipping so TBH I'm not expecting the game until the end of the month at this point. A week to get it in, a week to fulfill the shipment, and a week to get here. Probably will be the last time I do business with them.
Ditch Crossroads module unless you \*really\* want it. We found it a complete pain in the ass. Plus it adds player elimination to the game. Granted, it's only for one jump cycle, but usually that's a tense and fun part of the game and I'd hate to get eliminated. Final five loyalty cards are... okay. We found they didn't add a whole lot necessarily. Pay attention to the Investigative Committee card between Pegasus and Core. It changes and is relevant if memory serves. We generally went to Kobol and used Pegasus. Sometimes we used the fleet board. New Caprica is interesting to play once or twice but not something I'd recommend. It's also an instant\-win for the cylons if you have a cylon admiral, which leads to the habit of airlocking the admiral before New Caprica just to be sure if all cylons haven't revealed yet. (It's an instant win because the admiral on his/her turn can choose to leave orbit without any other player's say and you lose morale for each ship left behind. It's almost always an instant\-win for cylons if that happens). I haven't gotten daybreak to the table sadly so I can't comment there.
Agreed I like the idea of them. They just didn't add a lot of gameplay surprisingly though. It's more like spice than a core element. I'm fine with using them.
Depends on how skilled the party is. Over on the Geek Pegasus is a definite crutch for the humies. Then again, it was generally considered at BGG that the base game was roughly 55/45 in favor of the humans with really good players who knew how to flush out or minimize the damage of cylons and leaned heavily on XO's. Since I played a crapload of play by forum at BGG and moderated my own fair share of BGG games, which incidentally both are AWESOME and I suggest everyone try it once (Fair warning, fast BSG games that play by forum basically take a few months. You go through maybe one crisis every 2\-3 days unless everyone is \*really\* on top of the game or has good standing orders to the moderator), I evaluated that my home group probably wasn't as efficient of players and so threw in pegasus to get closer to a 50/50 balance. The nice thing about all the BSG modules is that each one kind of favors the Humans or the Cylons or just muddles things up. You can give in\-game handicaps to each team that results in more gameplay instead of less.
Crossing fingers that I get mine soon.
I absolutely adore Can't Stop. I made a few versions out of it: a renaissance faire "period" wooden board to go with my wood dice (We spice this up by gambling on someone's turn on the side using fake coins like it was a craps table, betting that they'll crap out or that one point will come up before another or whatever). I also made a backpacker's version using a cloth "board", some wooden disks, and some dice. It's almost always a surprise favorite when camping, even among strangers.
&gt;FFG rethemed Netrunner with its own IP, Android, so WotC will have to do a(nother) reskin, at the very least. True. I don't think they still have rights to the original Netrunner IP, which was.... Cyberpunk by R Talsorian Games. Not that it'll be hard to come up with a new generic cyberpunk IP to use.
&gt;It was pretty clear FFG was going to want to publish a Star Wars minis army game, and so it was better for all involved that they went their separate ways. I disagree in that FFG gave up a huge catalog of GW games in order to chase Star Wars minis, a genre that is fraught with peril. It's only better for FFG if Legion is a success, and GW will not republish most of the games FFG pushed out so it's probably unlikely they'll make more money than if they licensed to FFG. I haven't seen much on Star Wars Legion post\-launch TBH. I live in a backwater though so I may not be seeing a reflection of the industry.
&gt; newest Shadespire IP. I've heard that Shadespire is awesome and crazy sauce and fast. I'm not a huge 40k/fantasy battles fan (I mean, the lore is great, painting 7000 dollars with of figs isn't) but the reviews I've heard sound like it's bizarre enough to really be a winner.
&gt;There was even a sourcebook for the Cyberpunk 2020 tabletop RPG about using a game of Netrunner as a gameplay substitute for the RPG hacking rules. Yup. But as cool as that is holy shit can you imagine what that would do to an RPG group every time the hacker wanted to hack something you went and played a game of Netrunner?
Spanish conquistador... "These grapes taste like... FRESNO!" Yeah it was a spoof on Dallas if memory serves. Ah found it! [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL5bYdAlmUw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL5bYdAlmUw)
Proxies are okay depending on the group. Official occasions/tournaments/whatever almost certainly won't let you proxy full figs. Some groups may have a problem with this too.
Here I Stand. The odds of me finding 5 people willing to devote a full like 8 hour day or so to the game is not going to happen.
Not yet, but there is a print &amp; play that I've printed up and it works great.
30-45 minutes is pretty fast to me. Especially considering how long 40k can/used to take.
Is your cousin overweight? If so that sounds like a classic "crabs in a bucket" mentality.
The Coca Cola corporation and Kraft foods would like to thank whoever came up with this for endorsing their products.
Cauliflower rice is easy. Throw florets into blender. Fill blender up with water. Pulse until you reach rice consistency. Pour through strainer. Squeeze excess water out. Wipe hands on pants. The key is to add water to the blender to keep everything moving and prevent a cauliflower slurry. Way, WAY easier than grating it or whatever. And you'll never get away from having cauliflower flavor in your rice. If you dry it out and then like... bake it you might get some different flavors going. I used to meal prep the hell out of this frittata back when I did keto. It'd be my IF breakfast and was fantastic. [https://www.ruled.me/bacon\-red\-pepper\-and\-mozzarella\-frittata/](https://www.ruled.me/bacon-red-pepper-and-mozzarella-frittata/) Sadly, that's about 1.5 days of food if you're only eating one meal a day. But you could probably make a frittata and slice it and wrap it up and get 1/3 of your daily calories from that and then the other thousand from something else.
I started a couple days ago but I'll throw my hat in today. I originally was 340 pounds 4 years ago. My doctor suggested a low carb diet since I was having constant blood sugar crashes and half my eating habits were centered around countering the sick flu feeling I was constantly getting. I was pre\-diabetic as well. I found keto and with my doctor's permission, since he hadn't seen someone go onto it, I threw myself at keto with his monitoring my situation. I changed a lot of eating habits in that time\- my palate expanded exponentially after I cut out all the sugar. Squash tasted like candy, fruit was almost too intense of an experience and I could only manage a few berries at a time, I ate \*way\* more vegetables than I did before keto ironically enough. Beans and legumes were a tasty cheat meal. About 14 months of keto to help with food cravings and blood sugar crashes and CICO for weight loss, I dropped 110 pounds. I felt great. I could hike and backpack like it wasn't a problem. I maintained for 8 more months without much issue. Then I changed jobs and left the area. The other half of my eating problem is that I stress eat and I binge when I stress eat. And this job is bananas. I did pretty good. I kept my weight off for a little over a year, going back up to 245 from my low of 230. Not wonderful but still, 95 pounds weight loss was a good thing. But this last year the weight has steadily come back on. I deal with depression and suicidal urges by eating to get through them, and I finally topped out at 328. Still not the 340 that I was at, but things have to change. I wanted to go to therapy, but my job was so insane and intense and I was so overworked I literally had no time. I worked 2 months this year without a day off and did OT most of that time too before I finally snapped and stopped altogether and started to fall behind in work. I have a new job offer that I"m switching to. I feel better. Once that health insurance kicks in I'll be looking at getting into therapy, since I won't be commuting for an hour after work any more. I have a gym membership that I can go to in the morning since I don't have that hour long commute through morning traffic\- I will have a 5 minute commute. I started a couple weeks ago down the keto path again. I know it like the back of my hand. However, this time, the diet was bland, I didn't feel good like I did before, even though I know how to maximize the diet. I thought about it for a while, and the main reason I went keto was the blood sugar crashes. Thank god I'm not really getting those right now. So I'm going to try good old fashioned CICO without keto. I know I get blood sugar crashes if I pig out on bread or simple carbs, so I'll eliminate most of those\- it's not hard, even when I was binging in the throes of a depression I could generally avoid white rice and bread, so that's not much of a problem. I finally started meal prepping again. I need to for financial reasons, but putting hands on food like that for lunch for work also lets me be mindful of how much food I'm eating and keeps me away from the all\-you\-can\-eat chinese buffet that's a mile from where I work, and even worse from the pizza buffet a few blocks further away where you can eat 4000 calories for 6 bucks. So we'll see. Goals need to be SMART right? Specific, measurable, actionable, reasonable, time\-bound. Specific\- While I would like to lose more weight, we'll set my goal at 300 pounds using non\-keto eating habits. This is about building a new series of habits. I'd set a bigger goal if I was going to try keto again, but this is also about building new habits and not rushing towards a weight. Measurable\- Pretty straightforward. The scale doesn't lie here. I'll take official weigh\-ins weekly. I may or may not, as I wish, weigh myself unofficially during the week. I also have one of those tailor measuring tapes and I'll take monthly measurements of neck, chest, waist, thighs, biceps, calves, etc... Actionable\- The largest section. MyFitnessPal is my friend. I will track CICO like I did before on keto. I will also meal prep on the weekends again. Besides being flavorful and making lunch easy, I can account for calories ahead of time and make dinner plans easier. Right now I'm set at a 500 calorie a day deficit, which leaves me with 2400 calories a day. I will consider dinner meal prep as well, although I don't know if I will be able to always do this. I will investigate meal prep cookbooks/websites/subreddits who emphasize mise en place and cooking order to streamline meal prep, as in the past anything other than baked chicken thighs and steamed veg would take all day to meal prep, even for one person. I will \*NOT\* rely on exercise to lose this weight. Any calories burned hiking, or working out, or even just \*walking\* are considered a bonus. Once my new health insurance kicks in, I will prioritize my expenses to afford therapy. Moderate stress I can handle but I acknowledge I get crippling stress and deep depressions and eat to deal with it. I need new tools to deal with the stress and depression, and from what I've read CBT shows a lot of promise. Reasonable\- 9 months to lose roughly 30 pounds and develop new eating habits seems reasonable. I've lost much, much more weight in that time frame, but I was eating a severely restricted diet and was monitored by my doctor. It's not so much time that I can blow off working on it\- a 500 calorie a day deficit, adjusted for the dropping TDEE, would basically get me to my goal weight in 6 months after all, but it's still long enough that if I have to fiddle with how and what I eat to find out what works, I can have some setbacks without feeling defeated. Time\-Bound\- I want to hit 300 pounds by March of 2019. I have a feeling I can do this by the end of the year, but since I will intentionally be playing with my diet to figure out what eating habits suit me best, I will allot myself extra time. Sorry for the Tolstoy post. But I wanted to get that out.
Yeah but do you think San Diego and Orange County would \*really\* want to subsidize the central valley? Some of the regulations would go away but you'd seriously be cutting at least half the state tax revenue away from what would become NorCal and SoCal. The only other big economic engine is SoCal's Orange County &amp; San Diego areas... And there's nothing saying that would stay that way if LA proper was in literally another state. The Norcal division seems to essentially just get screwed. It's got timber, and maybe some mineral rights, and like stockton from the map for a port, but otherwise that's it. It'll be a very poor state.
&gt;Can the "effectively eliminated" players still screw with the bigger players? Throw small wrenches into their plans, that is? Kingmaker is frequently a problem that derives from the "Effectively eliminated" issue. Part of that is that "take that" games or dudes on a map or however you want to classify it suffer from the concept that if Player A and Player B fight, Player C frequently ends up stronger at the end of the conflict by virtue of not having fought.
&gt;If you removed the alcohol and the social aspect from drinking beer, very few people would drink it. Eh... I don't agree here. There are other drinks that are alcoholic, inexpensive, and social. Beer is still around. In fact, beer has grown in popularity in spite of a wide array of other options, alcoholic and non\-alcoholic. I promise you people spending 12\-15 bucks on a sixer of craft beer aren't doing it for the alcohol or the social scene.
You asserted that beer wouldn't be popular if it wasn't alcoholic or sociable because it objectively tastes bad. Which you know is a subjective point of view asserted objectively but whatever. My point was that if the \*only\* redeeming quality of beer was that it was alcoholic and sociable, that it wouldn't be drank anyway because there are tons of options that fulfill the spaces that beer holds. And yet beer is not some fringe drink, it's a dominating market share. &gt;If beer tasted so good, you would expect more foods/drinks that had a "beer" flavor. Strawberry and cherry flavors are popular, but not beer. Ah but by extension, there isn't a whole lot of cherry flavored beer. And there are lots of foods that have elements of beer's flavor. Sweet/sugary malt and bitter hops. And by your assertion that beer tastes bad you're asserting that it's the hops we don't like. But we grow hops specifically that has aromas and flavors of grapefruit and pine and other astringent tastes which make no sense if we only drink beer to get drunk or be sociable. We add wheat into our beers or rye. We toast grain to make it taste more like chocolate. We add grain that gives a biscuit/bready flavor, we cultivate yeast that specifically gives flavors of banana or clove. We add bitters to cocktails and eat bitter tasting vegetables like brussels sprouts and certain kinds of lettuces and even kale is bitter. All the flavors of beer are well represented in cuisine. Just because we don't see the specific combination of beer coming out in suckers and candy doesn't mean that the flavor isn't popular. Otherwise we'd be seeing roast beef lollipop candy and gravy flavored soda and stuff like that. Your analogy breaks down quickly when you open it up to food at large.
Agriculture makes up 2&amp;#37; of California's GDP as of 2015. The whole industry combined generates about 42 billion in GDP for California and globally kicks off about another 100 billion in down\-market economic stimulus. That's compared to 2.75 \*trillion\* dollars for California's GDP. Exports of computers and electronics account for 48 billion in GDP, so as big as our ag industry is, and it's pretty much the biggest in the country, it's not even remotely close to the biggest drivers of California economy. And this would cut the central valley in half. So even if we said that So Cal got the best of the central valley's agriculture, and that'd be a fair argument, it still would not be enough to self\-sustain the miles of roads, the airports, the ports, the rail, and the entire infrastructure that goes into supporting agricultural industry. It'd have to be subsidized. Plus, in rural areas, you either leave communities without access to public services or you have additional services because your constraining factors would be territory and response time as opposed to simply being overloaded by people. And when you have a low taxpayer base to a high territory that must be covered, that means establishing public services like police and fire and hospitals become non\-sustainable in rural areas. This isn't politics, this is reality. It's part of why the Appalachia coal region is in a death spiral. So in a very real way, the urban dense taxpayer centers drive the public utilities and infrastructure needs of the rural parts of the state. In return, the urban areas get fed with reasonably priced food. Again, this isn't politics, this is the reality of such a geographically large piece of land. There's ways to counter this. Increased food costs is probably the most direct\- California grows an absurd amount of non\-soy non\-corn products for the rest of the country, and in some cases, the world. But in a traditionally conservative economic model the first thing that would happen would be that property owners and businesses would receive steep tax cuts and that revenue would have to come from somewhere. I present Oklahoma and Brownback as an example of what happens when you do that poorly. It guts the state and turns it into a 3rd world country. So the economic shakeout probably would be in the neighborhood of 1.5 trillion in "California" which now is like... 25&amp;#37; of the size it used to be. It maintains over half the state's population and probably would be better off economically from a \*drastically\* reduced infrastructure need, assuming that they could solve the water problem. The remaining trillion and a half would be split by NorCal and SoCal, probably with around a trillion a year going to SoCal and half a trillion going to NorCal. Maybe. Which it probably wouldn't be since 21&amp;#37; of California's GDP is in real estate, and NorCal and everyone \*except\* OC and SD counties aren't known for their sky\-high property prices. The pessimist in me looks at this particular breakout and doesn't see any particular state "winning" and it being an economic disaster all over. And that'd have global repercussions. We're the 5th largest economy in the world, and gutting that and hacking the pieces up like a butcher would cause enough chaos to severely mess up at least the US economy and send some significant waves across the global economy.
Yeah look into a swamp cooler. I bought an 8 dollar thermometer with a humidity meter in it and a portable swamp cooler for a couple hundred bucks. Crack the window open when it's dry and blow the air directly onto you. It'll be about 20 degrees cooler. I turn it off and find different solutions when it hits about 40&amp;#37; humidity outside since I start feeling clammy instead of cool. I'll just use a fan directly on me at that point. Cold showers too. Seriously, like a 5-10 minute cold shower will lower your core heat a little and at least help nudge you towards bed. I
I"d check the seal on your fridge. If it's leaking it may be working constantly.
That's going to be an expensive house call.
Some setting where it makes sense to have a "fog of war" and periodic loss of lines of communication. The Red Alert C&amp;C in space feels weird to me because it's pretty rare to have a sci-fi setting where fleet communication is just really in general pretty crappy. Same goes for Star Wars. The whole point of C&amp;C is that you can't always get the orders that you want to the troops that you want when you want it, because lines of communication suck basically throughout most of history.
The game isn't worth much without the traitor's tome.
We just bought a really cheap jenga set and handed everyone pens and let them write challenges on the pieces. So you had the obvious "Take a drink after you pull this piece", the "Have a drink with Dan!" piece because Dan wanted to get thrashed that night, and my friend's completely evil "Put this piece back where you took it".
Sadly if nobody cares about winning or losing, the game can go on for 90 minutes. 15 minutes of fun crammed into 90 minutes isn't my idea of a good night.
I'd probably rework Munchkin into a press your luck game aimed to take no longer than 30 minutes with 4 players. Either that or make the dungeon deck much, much smaller, and end the game as a loss when it empties out. One Deck Dungeon does this in a lovely manner and doesn't overstay it's welcome, even though each combat resolution is a lot more involved than Munchkin. I would burn kneepads of allure and cut the tongue out of anyone's mouth who ever mentions it again. It's funny as a one off and completely ruins what flow of the game there is. At \*best\* I'd make it a one use and toss, like a potion.
Destroy a card at random from the game after every session. Eventually you will no longer have enough cards to keep playing. At this point, you win. Munchkin Legacy everyone!
Knights of the Dinner Table was actually a superior game, but it was structured so weirdly that it never took off. Each character from the comic strip had their own deck, including the DM's deck, and while PCs could duel each other the game came alive when one person had the DM's deck and played against the PCs. All the humor of Munchkin was in the games but the actual gaming system was interesting.
&gt;Is the problem that you guys are bored with it? The general problem is that the mechanics are flat and barely serviceable, and it's a "take that" game that can easily stretch into 90 minutes when the humor has gone flat. 90 minutes worth of investment opens me up to a whole \*world\* of games that are light years better than Munchkin and probably a number of those that are consistently funnier.
My original Pandemic: On the Brink didn't have an insert. It did come with petri dishes for the cubes, which while awesome, ensured that you could \*not\* contain the expansion in the original box without the top lid being about .5 of an inch offset.
It doesn't bother me in the slightest, so I'm all for including gender diversity in games. I play One Deck Dungeon all the time. I think it's pretty cool that all the heroes are women. It doesn't detract from the game one iota for me, and for a lot of people it enhances it by seeing some women inside the gaming narrative.
I for one am looking forward to the chicken fried steak the size of my head.
I was going to say to look for one of those all-in-one job listings that need you to do some light networking work so you can at least get some hands-on experience. You won't stay there forever unless you land a job that wants to promote you, but 1-2 years of real job experience will get you in. Also, 2 weeks isn't a long time. If you go 2 months without hearing a peep it might be worth it to re-evaluate where you're at.
This. 30 minutes and then move on to something else. And don't \*always\* bring it out. I kickstarted CAH and had fun with it for years but it's worn thin on me as time has gone by. I have hundreds and hundreds of cards and that's great but at the end of the day I think I've played it twice in like 2-3 years. Once every 6 months, drunk and/or stoned, with a group of friends that all have about the same level of humor, and it works great.
Done. Caltopo is an incredible resource once you learn how to use it. It makes most other mapping programs obsolete in both featureset and power.
Everything? When you boot up a PC it goes through a Power On Self Test before bootstrapping the master boot record into memory and interpreting that to start loading the operating system. By the time a computer makes it's DHCP request it has gone through an awful lot just to start up. It's loaded NIC drivers, it's verified that there is a circuit on the physical layer of the network NIC, ect ect... If they want \*everything\* that happens from boot up to google you need to back up some and start literally at the beginning. I'm not being snarky, but I'd legitimately ask "do you want me to start at the POST? or can we skip to when the OS is mostly loaded?" and go from there. I've had similar interview questions recently where I started literally with the POST and explaining the difference between CMOS and BIOS and taking their question that literally I was the only person who went back to the \*beginning\* and I got the job.
Yoink! Grabbing Tokaido. Thanks!
A homemade version of Can't Stop. Cloth board, tokens, dice, you're done. Fun game to break the ice with people Takes 10 seconds to teach.
Jeebus. I'm sorry to read that :( All I can do is offer to treat the folks around me better, women especially. Also I hate FLGS neckbeards. They're a plague on the hobby. It's like Comic Book Guy from the Simpsons decided to get a hobby that actually involved active participation.
That sounds like scalping prices.
Counter-point: Chinese printing has actually increased in cost significantly. As the market for board games enlarges, niche games find smaller audiences due to more competition and so the profit margin has to adjust. It's the nature of the business sadly right now and part of the reason why you're seeing so many kickstarters out there.
SoCal has good bouldering and hiking and camping. The mountains that circle the Greater LA Basin are all available, the bouldering in Ojai and the Los Padres National Forest is supposed to be excellent (I just backpack there over the years), the Sierras are a day's drive away from most of LA, and you can hit Yosemite and El Capitan too. It takes some effort to get to, but it's absolutely there. You're not living in the sticks as it were unless you move to Big Bear or something like that, but you do have access.
It only counts as an amirite if you're cooking it below the high tide water mark. \#YouDidNotSleepThere
It usually gets plowed and is traversable. It might take a day after a big storm to plow the road though. They don't plow during storms.
\*Marine\* debris? In Fresno?
I would suspect that eating habits would exhibit a large shaping factor on your microbes. This topic is actually why I think that most non-celiac gluten sensitivity is bunk unless diagnosed by a doctor. They go off of gluten for a few weeks or months, then if they eat something with gluten they get GI distress and diarrhea and say "see? I'm gluten intolerant", when in reality their gut biome just doesn't have the strains or adaptation needed to digest what they're eating properly. When I tried the keto diet I had the same thing happen on treat meals that had carbs, so as an experiment I supplimented first with probiotics and active cultures, and later with straight up kefir (cheaper and does the same thing). BOOM. No gut issues from carb-loaded meals. Then about a week after I stopped taking kefir or the probiotics I got the worlds. worst. farts. I suspect there was a genocide going on in my intestines.
I use this recipe and use ground chia seeds as a thickener. Works great, but I'd go easier on the chia seeds so you avoid that "grain" flavor that it can give you. I also skipped the butter. A bit of heavy whipping cream might work though. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.gnom-gnom.com/keto-bulletproof-hot-chocolate/](https://www.gnom-gnom.com/keto-bulletproof-hot-chocolate/)
Can I just take a moment to say that the non-ironic use of more than 5 hashtags in a post should be grounds for a public flogging?
Fresno's economy isn't as humming as other places, but even then it can be difficult to get a foot in the door. &amp;#x200B; It doesn't particularly earn (Though it should) but are there any intern opportunities in the fields you like? The trick is getting either a hiring manager that understands how hard it is to get started in any career, or to bootstrap the experience/hiring paradox (most "entry level" positions require upwards of 1-2 years of experience, making it nigh on impossible to get hired at an entry level).
Oh and for what it's worth, if you see a company that has you apply via Taleo, just move the f\*ck on. I've applied to hundreds of jobs that use Taleo, and I get a 0% callback/interview with Taleo, when with nearly every other HR platform it's generally around a 5-10% response rate. It's time consuming, buggy, if it crashes (and it probably will) you have to start over, it doesn't let you automate much of the application process, and it generally is, to me at least, a time sink. If there's a job I really want that HR uses Taleo, I will do almost anything \*but\* cold-apply through that horrid system. I'll cold call the hiring manager first and try to sweet talk my way into an interview. Better to deal with Taleo once you have an offer. &amp;#x200B; Taleo is popular because it generates a shit ton of reports for HR people without them having to do anything. But it's keyword scanning on resumes is... weird. I have zero luck with it. If you google "taleo sucks" or something like that you'll find a lot of professionals that simply won't touch Taleo, and find it a reflection on the company that uses it. Other hints: Save everything you write for all job applications in a cut &amp; paste text file or word file. You can tweak things if you want, but a lot of your applications are going to be 95% identical, so why spend brain power typing that crap out? Beware of HR systems that don't let you paste information into the forms (They exist), they want you to jump through hoops intentionally and the more hoops you have to jump through in my experience the worse things are. Oh and one final hint. Max out your LinkedIn profile. When I was flying the "looking for work" batsignal I'd get 1-2 recruiters a week approaching me. Of course, I have 20 years experience, so YMMV, but a lot of recruiters work on LinkedIn.
Vent away. It blows. And the job market is hot enough right now that in the general region try applying even if you don't have the experience. Worst that'll happen is you get a rejection letter or no response. Consider it practice and move on. With unemployment at what it is hiring managers need to realize it's not a seller's market any more.
Having already been there a couple years ago, it'll be nice to be able to move my body and not get tired, to call on it to do things that are necessary and know I won't wimp out. Mostly... Okay a few years ago I had a coworker I had a thing for. That job ended and we stayed in touch and while I adore her I also consider her at this point a good friend. I haven't seen her in like 3 years. The job ended kind of unexpectedly and we had planned that summer to hike the John Muir Trail together. We agreed recently that in 2020 we would both be at places in our lives where we could pick a place on the planet and go have like a 2 week long backpacking adventure. We're going through our bucket lists and trying to figure out if there's anywhere we both would like to go. I can't do that weighing 300+ goddamn pounds. I want to see my friend again. A lot of things have to happen in the next 18 months or so but I'm determined to make it happen.
I know what you mean. Part of it is the marketing that's going on around keto right now. Most of it is garbage. If you've been doing keto for a decade, you know that the daily carb limit has been creeping down over the years. The rule of thumb has gone from 25 a day down to 20, and occasionally I see people say that anything over 15 is absolutely not ketosis. The amount of bad information is kind of astounding. People don't realize that fat has like 2.5 times the calories of protein or carbs and wonder how the caloric balance is supposed to work out. People think that dropping 30 pounds in a month when they're not morbidly obese is going to be difficult if not impossible. I also get tired of answering the same questions over and over again. Okay, maybe the FAQ isn't the cure-all, but when you're asking questions that literally are answered elsewhere in the same day's threads it gets old. &amp;#x200B; The one thing I'll give the subreddit is that it doesn't get quite as preachy as the non-gluten crowd. They give crossfit buffs a run for their money on evangelizing.
Yeah I've adopted "Don't quit on a bad day" for weight loss and keto too. It's a good hiker mantra. Never quit on the uphill either. &amp;#x200B; I'm not particularly surprised she managed to stay ketogenic on the trail. You burn anywhere from 4-6000 calories a day, maintaining weight is difficult for most people on the trail. Just must have been rough to find a ketogenic trail stable diet that wasn't so monotonous that you went crazy.
Last week: 321.8 This week: 316.4 &amp;#x200B; Note: I'm on keto and spent a weekend eating like a king during Thanksgiving so I was still losing water weight a week ago. The next day I weighed 319.4 and the day after that I was at 318.8, which is about where I was before Thanksgiving.
I just turned 38 and I weigh 316 pounds as of today. I'm a foot taller than you but still, I'm \*almost\* 3 times your weight. &amp;#x200B; What's that about wasting your life and it being too late? &amp;#x200B; And what other people have said. You're in a normal BMI range. If you truly are this disgusted, you probably need to talk to a therapist.
I'm 2 or 3 hours from my cookbooks but there was a recipe in America's Test Kitchen on beef stock that worked pretty well.
I hate early bird bonuses they're a goddamn plague on the industry.
&gt; instead, I put them in a bowl, take a few, leave them on the counter, and grab a few when I walk by them. Sometimes I’ll even forget about the rest and end up throwing them away at night &amp;#x200B; Glad you found something that works for you but that'd be about as responsible as leaving a toddler with a chainsaw if someone were to do that with me. &amp;#x200B;
&gt; 24 hr bonuses often cause a big surge To be specific, \*all\* kickstarters see a surge in the first 24/last 48 hours.
&gt;Delivery estimate is August 2019–only 8 months! If you believe that date is an accurate estimation I have a bridge here you might be interested in...
That's not the point. The point is that you're awarding someone for having heard of the project soon enough to get in on the first X hours with a price discount or special SWAG or whatever. Especially when I'm giving someone money for a product I won't see for 1-2 years, segmenting out that *this* section of buyers throwing money at the publisher is better than this *other* group of buyers because they showed up in the first day is a bad message. I'll accept stretch goals and kickstarter exclusives. Kickstarter already is, in a very real sense, an "early bird". You're frequently buying a product before it's even finished. But to segment people out based on if they're a few hours on either side of the line months and years ahead of the product shipping... Just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I know why it happens. It's to build "hype" and FOMO, exactly like this thread is meant to do. But it doesn't mean I have to like it.
Everyone does. Sugar lights up the same reward parts of your brain, at the same intensity, as cocaine. It is immediate, easy to digest energy, and in the wild it \*should\* be the first thing we go eat when given a choice. The problem is that it's in everything and we add sugar to things until we hit a "bliss point" (google it) where any more sugar makes things taste worse. The entire processed foods industry basically is hitting you with maximum sweetness and maximum sugar to give you maximum happiness in the act of consumption and it impacts your palate and your health. &amp;#x200B; It takes about two weeks to physically withdraw from sugar. At that point you still get cravings but they're more psychological than physical. After five or six weeks those fade away. &amp;#x200B; Edit: As for what to do? Distraction, compensation, cold turkey. I save my willpower for those moments of bad craving, then I go have some tea or some nuts or \*something\* to eat to get past that craving. It's not forever, just a few weeks.
The reason why we say "eat under X grams a day of carbs" is so that you don't have to test for ketones. If you're under 20 you're fine. Did you pee out like 10 pounds in the first week? Congrats you're in ketosis.
You need to move out your father is basically abusing you by not giving a f\*ck if you have any food. Getting a job should be your priority, things can fall in place after that. &amp;#x200B; That aside, here's the thing about salty foods and why short term weight spikes shouldn't matter: Salty foods make you retain water, and that can spike your weight for like... a day or two. Just having physically more food moving through your system will mean that you weigh more until you metabolize some and poop/pee out the rest. That's nature. Rely on trends, not on individual data points. &amp;#x200B; THat being said, job first, then see how your eating habits fall out when you have a reliable source of food. Give yourself a few weeks/months. Your mood will improve, you'll be active more, you'll be more self sufficient. You need to see where your equilibrium is when sailing under your own power before you start making changes.
Breakfast and lunch seem astoundingly sweet and kind of junky for someone aiming at low carb. &amp;#x200B; Try ditching sweet things for a while. &amp;#x200B; I don't do breakfast at all, and find I get hungrier around lunch when I eat breakfast. You could try skipping breakfast. &amp;#x200B; I might also suggest to stop doing fat bombs and eat real food.
So you're saying you fasted for 3 days and didn't lose \*any\* weight?
Isn't Gambit part of the pass?
I hope things work out for you. I think you'll be happier once you can be more self reliant and I think things will fall out a little differently for you when that happens.
So... belief without proof?
Classic case of crabs in a bucket.
&gt;One word of warning- avoid Kindles! Kindle itself sure, it's B&amp;W. But these days it's trivial to sideload Google Play onto it these days.
You seem stuck on this idea that it's a paid add on so no big deal. But that misses the point. My point is that rewarding people based on an arbitrary cutoff is a negative statement to the people who come later. If I go and pledge on day 2, the company is saying "Hey look, you won't get the game for 10+ months, and frankly it's not even \*done\* yet, but these people over here are the \*really\* important people because they were here \*yesterday\*." And before you argue that all of kickstarter/pledge manager is that way, it isn't. There has to come a point where you cut off orders because the factory order has to be produced. I don't have a stake in this particular game- It's not my style and I'd pass on it regardless, but early bird crap is generally insulting to me and has the opposite effect on me than as intended, and I suspect it'd make zero difference ultimately if they eliminated the early bird thing. The people who are jazzed enough for the game to buy it on day one is going to buy it on day one regardless. Some extra swag isn't going to make the difference for those people between pulling the trigger and not. Thankfully, the early bird thing is phasing out as a marketing tactic. It's still abrasive when I see it though.
At the OP's height &amp; weight more or less \*anything\* physical is going to be hard on her knees. OP- Look for exercises that are specifically easier on your joints until you build up the supporting muscle around the joints and you lose a little weight. I'm speaking from experience here, I'm over 300 pounds, and like... treadmills are off the list for me for at least another 45 pounds. Walking, elliptical, if you can manage and have access to stair treadmills those are insane, some weight lifting, and especially swimming are all probably better on your joints than squats, lunges, etc etc... The symptoms beyond joint pain that you're describing sound like you're stressing your max heart rate and over exerting. Without taking your pulse during those times it's hard to know for sure, but you shouldn't be blowing your heart rate out unless you're intentionally doing HIIT. You shouldn't be on the verge of vomiting. Slow down, take your pulse, try to push no harder than 80% of your max heart rate, and ideally like 60-70%. As for diet, while I'm on keto myself you don't have to be. There's good advice here on running a calorie deficit already so I won't reiterate it.
I don't even necessarily have a problem with rewarding people who backed the newsletter or previous projects or whatever. All the companies put in pledge managers, just put a coupon code in the newsletter a month before the kickstarter as a thank you or send out the code to the people who backed you as an email or whatever. There are options that don't involve turning it into a status symbol. But the point *is* to turn it into a status symbol. And that's the part I have a problem with.
If that photo was any more white it could run for congress. I need sunglasses to look at it.
&gt; As far as belief vs proof, there are very few proofs for anything, just a collection of evidence, and beliefs should probably be reserved for subjects other than diet sodas. Dude you explicitly rejected real evidence in your OP and then fed anecdotal stories to me and called it evidence. As far as "few proofs of anything", that's objectively wrong, but whatever.
I like it!
In theory, nitrates are a carcinogen and are linked to an increased risk of heart disease. The "brown stuff" is basically protein going through the maillard reaction and eventually burning. And \*that\* supposedly is a carcinogen. I don't know the % increase of risk of getting cancer from eating lots of bacon. I know that people that work with nitrites in the food industry have a higher rate of heart problems. You can look that up if you want. Will it give you cancer? Not for sure. Will it increase your risk? Yeah, but so does a lot of other stuff. I'd suggest finding nitrite free bacon and turn the heat down a little on your pan. It should be medium heat and not burning things.
Few things make me as happy to be alive right now as the work geneticists and other researchers are doing in the field of cancer therapy. Few years ago my mom was diagnosed with a particular kind of lymph node cancer. The doctor said that six months earlier a new therapy had come out that took the survival rate from 5% to 95%. My mom recovered completely and is alive thanks to you guys. A \*year\* earlier and my mom would have died from horrible cancer.
It is possible to lose muscle mass, but there is frankly no way you've lost 40 pounds of muscle mass. Fat burns off in weird ways and at uneven rates. That's what you're seeing. As I mentioned once a while back, a construction zone is rarely as photogenic as the finished project. Try to tell yourself when you feel bad "work in progress, I'm allowed to make a mess".
Apologies for confusing nitrates and nitrites. I know the difference but it's been a long time since chemistry class.
Fracking toaster
I don't count cheat meal calories. Since they happen once a month or less, I don't stress out about it. I just enjoy it and move on.
Fructose has been correlated to and is theorized to contribute to fatty liver disease. Do you have a monster sweet tooth? If so, cutting sugar out may be an effective option.
Generally speaking what stoves are allowed depends on fire restrictions in the area you're going. First to go are biofuel stoves and stoves that use open fuel like the trangia. You may want to buy a MSR pocket rocket to have on hand if you ever want to go out in the deep summer- Usually isobutane stoves are the last to be banned in the backcountry. Usually winter through spring after the fire restrictions have lifted you're welcome to use what you want. How far into summer you get is a question depending on how wet the winter was and how hot the summer is. In the high sierras you are only restricted by not being able to burn wood at all past a certain altitude. I've only seen high sierra fire restrictions a few times. Still, check before you go.
Maybe he should look into vacations that don't include a buffet? &amp;#x200B; I'd love to go on vacation a few times a year.
I don't know if this is the sub, but to hell with it. I have to talk. I was just at lunch, having a salad. I'm currently 316 pounds. Down 25-30 roughly (I didn't do a starting weight this time that I considered accurate since it was at end of day and not the morning). Reading the news, and then I hit this: [https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/07/opinion/sunday/yemen-famine-war-saudi-arabia.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/07/opinion/sunday/yemen-famine-war-saudi-arabia.html?action=click&amp;module=Opinion&amp;pgtype=Homepage) I won't talk politics, this isn't the place, though I could. But I saw that child and I looked down at my torso and my gut, and something inside of me screamed. I kept reading, and saw his blank look because literally his body has shut down to "prevent organ failure" and I read that he may have brain damage, and that there's 12 \*million\* more people in Yemen like this due to a political war, and I want to cry. I don't want to eat at this point, but I want to waste food even less, and this is a planned meal to help me lose weight, so I finish reading and set the phone down and choke down my lunch. I feel like shit. I deal with stress and emotions by shoving food into my face until my body hurts and I blow up to truly insane weights and this kid's brain has basically eaten itself due to malnutrition. I don't know how to square how disgusting that makes me feel. I try to have as much compassion for people as I can afford, but right now, I'm raging inside at the concept of a society being so decadent that we fatten ourselves until we fight over who gets to use the store-provided electric carts because we can't move any more, and then spend immense amounts of time trying to delude everyone around us that what we're doing is perfectly fine. I see all the time here on this subreddit FA people talking about fat hate and ethical/moral judgement against them. Right now? I'm feeling it. Towards myself too. Because I'm having to jump through hoops and trick myself and will myself and worry and fret over \*losing weight\* while people like this kid come in weighing 30 pounds. And I don't even consciously try to eat all the things and bullshit about where I am in life. &amp;#x200B; I don't really have an answer or a point to all of this, I just got cold-clocked on my break a while ago and am feeling very responsible for my choices and actions and really angry at people who think eating 10% less of the cornucopia of food they have access to is agony and starvation. And it's a futile sort of anger in almost all directions because there isn't much I can do beyond try to make myself remember this the next time I'm a little depressed and feel like eating all the things. What a fucking first world problem.
I don't know what to say or do either. I get problems are problems, and mental health problems are hard to deal with, but... Christ I don't know. I just don't know.
&gt;One that has a switch to stop the fuel from reaching the flame, as required by CA law. Only when fire restrictions mandate it. &gt; notice how you must have a specific permit to use a stove Campfire permits are required any time you want to have an open flame in the back country. This is not a big deal or anything new. It's a 10 minute video and a 2 minute quiz and you get a permit for a year. You're also confusing seasonal fire restrictions with campfire permits. The LPNF, which I grew up in, is infamous for how dry it gets in the summer. Usually after the first good rains they remove the fire restrictions because the moisture in the environment is higher. It seems like they're a little gunshy right now due to the big ass fire that burned in Santa Monica a few weeks ago. But I imagine you should see a change up soon. I recommend generally against biofuel stoves in CA because they're the first to get banned, and if you hike in the high sierra they aren't useful for alpine cooking. Trangias or cat cans or any of the myriad of alcohol stoves \*probably\* can be gotten away with most of the year in certain places. Stoves with valves on them will always be preferable. Esbit tabs exist in a weird netherworld. Most people acknowledge they're basically as safe as a canister stove, but due to fire regulation restriction wording they're technically not allowed when fire restrictions ratchet up. &amp;#x200B;
No exaggeration my spice cabinet is the biggest cabinet in the kitchen and it's 3 full shelves packed \*full\* of spices and it's not enough room.
Here are two links to get you started: [https://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20307319,00.html](https://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20307319,00.html) [https://www.thechoppingblock.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-fresh-herbs-and-spices](https://www.thechoppingblock.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-fresh-herbs-and-spices) &amp;#x200B;
&gt; I find myself binge eating several times a week. I don’t even think about it. First step is to think about it. What are you feeling? Binging is a reaction. Usually self-medicating. If you can think back to your emotional and mental state for your last binge that may help, or the next one you may need to stop and ask yourself "What am I feeling?". You're going to need to chase that question and be prepared to get some startling or even dark answers in return. Then, you need to \*accept\* that you're feeling that way. Not that you're bad, or that what you're feeling is good or bad, but accept that you are feeling or thinking these emotions or thoughts. The same way you'd look outside and say "oh look it's cloudy". Once you know why you start eating, and it could be as simple as boredom or that you socialize while eating and so eating means good times, you can start making choices and dealing with the root cause of the binge. &amp;#x200B; Other folks will post about counting calories, limiting exposure to food, etc... It'll all be good advice generally, this sub is great for that. &amp;#x200B;
You shuffle the discard during every epidemic and add it back to the top of the infection deck. It's entirely possible to say, pull London during an outbreak, add 3 cubes, discard, shuffle the discard, then place it back on the infection deck, and then during the infect phase \*draw london again\*. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Okay so here's the epidemic rules: 1. Increase the infection draw rate token one space 2. Infect: Draw a city from the bottom of the deck and put 3 cubes on it. Discard this city into the discard pile 3. Intensify: shuffle the infection discard pile and place it on the top of the infection deck. Proceed with turn as normal (usually either drawing one more card or proceeding to the infect stage). &amp;#x200B; Basically, after the first epidemic, the game is going to concern itself with mostly the cities that you've already seen develop diseases, with the occasional epidemic throwing a new city into the mix for giggles. Depending on how the epidemics were loaded into the deck at the beginning of the game, you may see more cities as you get higher infection rates and have more than your average turns between epidemics. But the cities that you pull at the start of the game until your first epidemic are always going to be your worst "problem" cities. They'll always keep showing up.
To be specific, don't shuffle the discard directly into the infection deck, shuffle the discards and then place on \*top\* of the infection deck.
The next time you go through an infection phase, London is now on top of the deck and may get a cube added to it. Then it gets discarded and stays out of play until the next epidemic. Then it goes back into play and is at risk again.
But you don't during the infect phase at the end of the turn. Epidemics add \*new\* cities to your problem. Infections (at least in the beginning) just make existing problems worse.
Someone just needs to start doping the meetings' water glasses of the city council with THC so they'll loosen the f\*ck up. /Don't do this or at least please don't hold me responsible if someone does
I'm having a taco salad tonight! Would have had it last night but I forgot the taco sauce.
I asked my mom this weekend and she says she can't remember due to the chemo fog. It was about 5 years ago though that my mom got treatment. I might be able to ask my pop and he'll remember.
Huh. So that's where all those people who are hyper-focused on the percentages and won't calculate their macros come from. It's probably where the people who have horrible diets on keto come from too. Facebook groups are just ass in general. Nobody tends to moderate them and sooner or later they fill up with advertisers like the scummy backwater of a slow moving river. I joined a hiking group and by the time I left 90% or more of the posts were for hotels and vacation packages. I tried complaining to the group founder but nobody responded. &amp;#x200B; Maybe one of the first rules we need in here is "If you're coming from a facebook group, forget everything you heard there". I hate to be arrogant like that, but there are a lot of people who come in who either have bad information or inaccurate info and while I try really hard to be positive and encouraging there are points where I just run out of gas and have to go away or start being a snarky dick.
At this point it's going through a fad phase.
Well... Bye.
Not yet. This will be the fun part! Unsub \*after\* you have a good belly laugh at the pseudoscience woo
Sounds like she's full of bull toxin to me.
Dude even Oz had to halfway confess to congress he is a quack. They need to STFU and go back to wondering why their raspberry ketones aren't melting the fat off.
It occurs to me that if Tumbler &amp; Twitter started charging, oh I dunno, 1/10th of a cent per hashtag, folks like this would make them filthy stinking rich.
If you hunt around you can get them for 100 bucks or less pretty easily. You can also find them used pretty readily too I imagine. &amp;#x200B; That reminds me, after the next good snow storm I need to get my shoes out of storage and go romping with them.
I wanna do some rapids this spring too. Been on my bucket list for a while.
Just buy this miracle product that will make the pounds *disappear*!
Are those apartments managed by Manco Abbot? If so they seem to be particularly high priced. I was in a Manco property for 18 months. First year the rent was reasonable I felt- sub-1000 for a 2 bedroom single story unit. After the year, they jacked the rent by 15%. Since I was in a position where I may have left the area for work, I didn't want to break a lease so I extended my lease for another six months, figuring I'd know then either way. I paid a little more per month, I think it was 50-75 a month more due to the short lease, but the rent still went up by 150 a month. Six months later I know I won't be going anywhere, so I'm fine with a longer lease. They raise my rate \*again\* by 15% for around a 30% rent increase in a 12 month period. So for a year long lease they want over 1200 bucks a month for a tiny 2 bedroom apartment. I wasn't going to do that. I literally moved across the street from the apartment complex and into a 2 bedroom, 2.5 bath townhome with a back yard and a garage and basic internet and cable for 150 bucks a month less than what the Manco property wanted to charge. &amp;#x200B; Most if not all of the Manco Abbot properties seem consistently and highly priced. I looked for locations all the way down to Visalia and even run down kind of spooky looking complexes, if they were Manco properties, were priced the same premium. They \*always\* have units open it seems like, and although some people spend a long time in those apartments, I highly suspect that they rely on a high rate of turnover. Get one, maybe two years out of a tenant, then price them out and move on to the next one. &amp;#x200B; Edit: If I had to guess, what's going on is that these are high profile rentals and there's always something available without too much trouble. Renting individual single family houses, those tend to come and go relatively quickly and require more digging to turn up. When I first moved into the area I had like 3 or 4 weeks to find a place to live, and that isn't nearly enough time to be a savvy renter. I saw all the manco properties, found one that looked nice and had what I was looking for, and pulled the trigger. There's also some swank luxury complexes in the riverpark area now that I think about it. I saw 1800 dollar a month rents for those. No clue if it's worth it or not, that's out of my price range right now.
There's also plenty of lean roasts out there. They're not associated with holidays quite so much but it's possible. You might want to check out a whole tri tip. Those things are big, you can carve off the fat (except for one vein that runs through the cut) or get it pre-trimmed, and generally speaking the cut qualifies as "lean", but there is some marbling. I did a sous vide tri tip recently that turned out great. It's a cut that likes to be eaten at medium rare and really shines with marinades and rubs. Very Californian style roast though. If you live back east and they don't have the tri tip, it's the roast/cut that sirloin tips come from.
I was aware of that as I wrote the post, but like... people come in confused about facts like the caloric value of fat vs protein and carbs. That's not subject to opinion, that's basically established fact at this point. I poke fun at this subreddit occasionally (and get downvoted for it) for noting that 5 years ago the rule of thumb for daily carb limits was 25, whereas now it's 20, and I see some people think that anything over 15 revokes your Keto card, not understanding why that rule of thumb came about. So yeah, this sub isn't infallible by any means, but on my second trip through keto having done it for 3-4 years and having lost over 150 pounds on the two efforts combined, I'd say 90-95% of the information given out is actionable and reasonably accurate enough to show results if you take to the keto diet. Though I don't think everyone can, or even should, eat this way.
Your palate is going to change about a month or two in as you've given up sugar. Water may start being more palatable. &amp;#x200B; Other than that, yeah, as /u/dmgb says, sparkling waters are great. Avoid the ones with sweetener (you don't \*have\* to, but we're trying to break the sweet cravings) and stick with the st croix and knockoffs (bubbly, there's a "simply natural" brand at target that is cheap, in fact, avoid St Croix as I find it's unusually expensive). If you want bubbles, I developed a taste years ago for club soda. Helps the water go down smoother. Coffee is your friend, as is tea. I'm not an anti-fake sweetener evangelist, I have a diet dr pepper on my desk right now, but I do try to reduce or eliminate sweeteners whenever I'm okay with it.
Who cares? Modern fantasy almost to a T rips off Tolkien to varying degrees of blatant cribbing from "orcs and elves" down to nearly graverobbing. Sci Fi is full of clones and ripoffs and homages and plausible deniability. If you dig deep enough you find that Frank Herbert ripped a lot of Dune off from other sources too. A fantasy riff on Dune worked pretty well. It's missing most of the politics and the structural worldbuilding of Dune, but it tells a Messiah story, which you have to admit, is not exactly a new theme. I don't care for Harry Potter for various reasons, but the fact that it rips off a lot of it's world building and manages to build it's own taste/vibe is perfectly fine and even admirable. This is what writers have done for hundreds of years. Before you can write well, you have to read well.
Oh man yeah I got into sous vide recently and lemmie tell you... You will \*never\* go to a steak house again after you do your first sous vide steak followed by a quick pan sear. Even buying USDA Prime beef at swinging prices you're spending half the money compared to a good steak joint. And while it takes about an hour, your actual time prepping is 10 minutes or less. Bag the steak with some salt &amp; pepper, toss in the water bath, let sit an hour, pat dry, sear 60 seconds a side on a raging hot cast iron skillet. You're done.
Again, who gives a shit? You just gave all of the fantasy genre a pass for graverobbing Tolkein but you're deciding that this particular hill needs to be fought over? I mean, you don't even freak out that Terry Goodkind literally committed blatant plagiarism of the Wheel of Time series when he decided it was good, but what it really needed was more Ayn Rand Objectivism and thus wrote the Sword of Truth series. Dude doesn't even change up the names of the magic using factions that much. Oooh... dark sisters instead of Black Ajah. &amp;#x200B; As for the Fremen/Aiel, they're just representations of the Jews from the Old Testament wandering the desert for 40 years to appease God and to purify themselves before they re-enter the promised land, and the Aes Sedai were \*the\* political power overarching all of Randland, compared to the Bene Gesserit who were part of a tripod of political power between themselves, the Guild, and the Emperor. But if you're going to write about a monastic female group with secret power, there's going to be some shared DNA. &amp;#x200B; At this point basically \*all\* of our stories are ripoffs of something else. The last western/european author to write "new" stories culturally was arguably Shakespeare, and he was riffing off the Bible too. Before that you had the Greeks and Romans, but especially the Greek epics. The next Shakespeare will be the first author to write something that isn't basically just a retread of Shakespeare or the bible.
&gt;Reading up on them, they're similar to fairies, but they have some weaknesses that would need to be worked around (like iron and music?). Traditionally cold iron was said to work on fae the way silver works on werewolves. If D&amp;D fae don't have a weakness to iron, that's a quirk of the system more than a shortcoming of the background. I also believe that music was used to entrance or distract some variants of fae in folk lore too. The Aelfinn &amp; Eelfinn are almost certainly riffs on European faeries. From what I know of 5th edition, as an old DM I'd probably have you roll disadvantage around particular music and when cold iron was in your immediate vicinity (say within 10 feet, and this is going to make your life \*miserable\* since like... the hobnails in your fighter's boots are probably cold iron and doors tend to be banded with it and all kinds of stuff) with a general dislike of steel and metals in general but no actual mechanical effect (see Druids and their preference for non-metallic weapons for something to crib from). In exchange I'd probably give a couple of elven benefits- low light vision, no sleep needed, no need to eat food, etc... I'd also take a look at 5th ed fae (I haven't looked them up in this edition) and see what their powers are. I'd also probably try to talk you out of it if that's your first character unless there was some officially structured racial options (I know 3.x had monster levels Racial Level Modifers and stuff so PCs could play more exotic races, although they were generally poorly implemented). Homebrew stuff like that gives you a bad feel for the system if you're just starting out. It also tends to wreak havoc on games and stories that the DM may be thinking up to have someone come in and say "I'm playing X" which is homebrew or bends the rules to their breaking point. D&amp;D is a collaborative experience. You need to have this conversation with your DM, and not with us. Every DM and group is different and if your DM is cool with you rolling a character like that, the abilities and limitations need to be build around the game the DM has in mind. You'll have a lot better time approaching it that way instead of coming to the DM as a fait accompli.
That D20 game was... odd and shortcoming. Some stuff it did very well, like channelling, but overall I don't suggest it as a starting point. It suffered extremely from the linear fighter quadratic wizard issue that D&amp;D generally suffers from, but because most people don't run WoT as harshly against channellers as the books would have it, the magic users end up taking up all the limelight. The mundane classes simply weren't that interesting.
~~I'm sorry, at this point, I have zero interest or reason to go googling to indulge your tilting at windmills. You're the one who came in here trolling for a fight. Bring some ammunition or go home. And right now, I'm asking why I should give a damn when there are hundreds, even thousands of examples of more blatant ripoffs of fiction. You obviously don't care about the others, just about \*this\* one. And so I ask, why should I care about this instance?~~ ~~And incidentally, I love Dune and am intimately familiar with it from the 30 or so reads of the story.~~ &amp;#x200B; Judging from your posting history, you're just trolling for a fight. I'm done here.
For what it's worth, that's probably water weight that you gained. Unless you ate a surplus of 12,000 calories or so. That's why I use an averaging app for my scale like Libra. It smooths out the daily noise of water retention or other variances.
&gt;Does overloading on oils help keep some of the weight? Sigh. It's like they've never heard of nuts before or fatty fish or non-red meat protein sources... But sure. Whatever. You think that eating meat and dairy isn't good for you but you're entertaining the thought of basically drinking oil as a viable option. Calculate your TDEE, get your macros, eat at maintenance. If you can't figure out how to hit maintenance within your own chosen limitations of diet and budget, then keto probably isn't for you.
High school is going to be rough because the school subscribes to USDA nutrition guidelines and they still advocate absurd amounts of cereals and grains and starches for lunch. Looking at that lunch card, that's pretty bleak.
I can't see the geometry very well of the tent. It's REI branded so it might be a quarter dome?
I'm 6'1, but I topped out at over 340 pounds. So ya. You're not alone. It happens. The important thing is that you can fix this. Don't feel shame. It takes courage and dedication to take the first step and stay on the path. And sometimes you try and it doesn't stick. No shame in that either. The circumstances in your life weren't right. I lost weight once, over 100 pounds, and life went to hell and I put it back on through bad decisions. Then I tried to get back on the path, and started probably a good 9 or 10 times in the past 2 years before this past attempt in October stuck and I'm 25 down now. There's no shame in a dress rehearsal, it'll make the real thing go that much more smoothly ;) The sugar cravings will subside. It just takes a few weeks. I promise it'll get better.
Flavored coffees generally don't include sugar or anything else carby. I think you can rock that just fine. If all else fails, get her an actual bottle of jack and a bag of good coffee! Other good ideas: Full fat cheeses, high end salamis/dry sausages, very dark chocolate (85% or so, it's a little carby but one serving tends to go a long way), dry wines &amp; spirits.
Sounds like an electrolyte imbalance. I'd add some extra regular salt and see if you feel better in 20 minutes. Does the lite salt taste glorious or not salty to you? That's how I tend to know my sodium levels are getting low.
Which thread do you want me to reply to? You've posted multiple threads.
Oh I feel you there. Sometimes it helps to just hear it from someone else.
&gt; from 136pounds to 129pounds in keto in less than a week You do know that's inevitable at first on keto right? You burn up glucose in your system, which binds to water in a 1 to 4 ratio, and without that glucose you pee out the unbound water. Most people have 1-1.5 pounds of glucose stored in their body naturally, which means going keto is going to make you, on average, drop anywhere from like 5-10 pounds in the first week depending on how much glucose you had in your system. &amp;#x200B;
Oh that's a winner right there!
Glucose and water is not fat.
Is this for real? &amp;#x200B; It blows out around half of your daily carbs which is your choice. Switch to an artificial sweetener or stevia if you want to keep drinking sweet coffee and get those carbs back.
Fuck motivation. Motivation is that fickle friend that ghosts you when you're at your darkest moment and then shows up when things are going great. Grit on the other hand is that quiet stubborn friend that tells you the ugly truth when you need to hear it, doesn't let you backslide, and is there on the worst day of your life, waiting patiently to keep you from completely collapsing. &amp;#x200B; Cultivate the friendship with grit. If motivation shows up they can hang, but expect it to blow out the door when things get rough. &amp;#x200B; Aside from that, dig down inside yourself and get back in touch with the whys of what you're doing. Because it's easy and comfortable to pick up your feet and let the current take you away. You need to remind yourself why you've planted your feet and are pushing against the stream. You don't need anger, or shame, or frustration, you just need to tell yourself, the way you'd tell a friend who needed to hear the truth, why you \*need\* to do this, not why you \*should\* do this.
This early on I suggest avoiding "cheat" days if you possibly can. Try to make it 2 more weeks before you contemplate a cheat meal (not a cheat day). Other than that, keep your electrolytes up.
# WHY????????? Ahem. Sorry. That sounds... ah... unappetizing.
Splatter screens, for counter tops or stoves I like Simple Green, it's a great grease cutter (How great? I use it to clean my coffee roaster, which bakes coffee bean oils onto stainless steel at 400 degrees or so). Otherwise, I have a scrub brush that dispenses soap when i hit the button. Hot water + quick soap scrub = non-greasy dishes. It's honestly not much worse than it normally is when I was pre-keto. Frying things in frying pans makes splatters. That's just how it rolls.
On keto it's pretty common to only hit the bathroom once every other day to drop the kids off at the pool once you're adapted. Considering it takes 24-36 hours anyway for food to move from your stomach to your colon I don't worry about the timing. It's not like you're compacting fecal matter into a hard ball. Your body is just digesting more food and leaving less waste. &amp;#x200B; I eat enough leafy green veggies that I don't really need to worry about fiber, but occasionally if I do I have some sugar free metamucil that I chug.
&gt;what are the extreme positions regarding fibre to avoid? I've seen some people on this board argue that zero fiber is fine for a sustained diet. I disagree, fiber is useful as a prebiotic for gut flora, but just because you \*can\* survive on a zero fiber diet doesn't mean it's the best idea. Our gut flora is a really big black box and question mark right now, we don't know what changes have what effect on our health, just that we're starting to realize that there \*is\* a connection.
&gt;Yea well I didn't come here to get a condescending: "Is this for real?" type of response. Literally the most basic rule of keto is "cut carbs down to X grams a day" (Where X is kind of a grey area here. I'll stick to 25g but most people argue 20). So yes. I asked if this is for real. And from all your other posts you clearly don't \*want\* to do keto any more, so don't. There are no keto police that will come arrest you, and I'm sure this subreddit gives you their blessing to try straight low-carb. If you can do low carb and maintain, then congrats, you're a winner. &amp;#x200B; Also... This: &gt; I'm new to keto and this: &gt; ...was wondering if it's even worth cutting since I don't need to lose anymore weight, that's all. Also, I'm more concerned about longevity at this point so I even allow myself a cheat once or twice a week and don't feel bad about it. My weight doesn't change and I'm more secure knowing I can keep this up without being hyper-religious about it. are kind of in opposition to each other. &amp;#x200B;
All board game groups are different, but some groups want to \*play\* the game, and others consider the game an excuse to get together. You sound like you're one of the latter. If you want to socialize, pick a game that is more casual and doesn't require concentration or deep thinking, or call for breaks every 20 or 30 minutes so you can chat for a few, stretch, get some air. Additionally, does your socializing slow down/stop the game? Do you need a refresher of what's been happening or a particularly long time to study the game state when it's your turn because you were too busy socializing? That can be considered bad manners in gaming groups. Again, this is best solved by looking for more casual, less intense games.
Glad you got some help. I'm just going to point out, leave the skin on the chicken breast, use full fat sour cream/cottage cheese. Stop looking for the low fat stuff. It'll be hard, especially with dairy, since ALL THE DAIRY THINGS seem to be fat free these days. Especially you Yogurt, I'm looking at you.
Don't eat the yellow snow.
There are better ways of hitting your protein macros.
It's a really fun hobby. If you want to get started it's relatively affordable. Down at the bottom end you can get a heat gun and a steel dog food bowl and do it that way, or you can use a whirley pop, or other home hacks. I started with a Freshroast SR500, if you have the money an SR700 is preferable as it can plug into your computer and log &amp; control the roaster. The down side is you're limited to about 100 or so grams of coffee per batch, so if you're a big coffee drinker you need to step up. I also have a Behmor drum roaster that can do a pound at a time, but doesn't quite have the same granularity of control as the Freshroast. I'd like to step up to a Huky roaster, but now we're talking about 1300 bucks and that's kind of serious. Anyway, check out the /r/roasting sub or a website like [sweetmarias.com](https://sweetmarias.com) for information. Green coffee is actually pretty cheap, well under 10 bucks a pound (I buy 5 pound bags and I pay around 5-6 dollars a pound for green coffee, and lose about 11-14% weight in roasting), and even a mediocre roast is fantastic next to store bought coffee. Plus if you buy direct trade coffee, you're helping out coffee plantations and co-ops that make a real difference. It's a win-win-win and a keto friendly hobby to boot.
Eating cube? As for backing up the concept of prebiotics and that insoluble fiber is one of a family of prebiotics... that's been common knowledge for around 20 years. The general concept dates back to the 50's. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4744122/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4744122/) &amp;#x200B; As for the gut sense guy I'm wary of anyone who wants to sell me overpriced supplements. Like I said, the gut flora is basically a black box, we're still studying the hell out of it. It's possibly your gut flora balance doesn't respond well to fiber. Much like some people probably shouldn't be doing keto because they respond poorly to it. Everyone has a bacterial culture that is tuned to their biology and their diet. But there's an entire family of prebiotics, so it's entirely possible that insoluble fiber is not necessary if you're getting other prebiotics from other food sources.
Keto has definitely been going through a fad. When I first tried it 4 years ago it still was pretty niche. I realize that it's all about CICO. In fact, Libra tells me that I'm averaging a 1500 calorie a day deficit thanks to keto (I'm a fat guy and need to lose over 100 pounds total, so I'm not starving myself, I'm eating like 2100 calories a day). I also take the diet seriously enough that I put real thought into making sure I eat as many veggies and fruits as the diet allows and I \*hate\* bulletproof coffee. Keto helped even out my blood sugar crashes which helped me not binge because I felt sick to my stomach from eating like crap. It makes IF easier, and honestly I try to eat \*more\* than the 2100 calories or so that I'm eating now but I get satisfied on around 2100-2300 a day. Last time around it reversed my pre-diabetes entirely. That being said, I \*don't\* recommend it for all people. It's a drastic diet with a lot of paperwork and metacognition and because it's hit fad phase there is a \*lot\* of bad information out there. Every time someone basically asks "Do I have to drink coconut oil to make this work?" part of me dies on the inside. The amount of people who exist on a dismal diet of meats &amp; cheeses &amp; eggs and nothing else is depressing as well.
So out of curiosity, how fast would you have to lose weight in order to not feel anxious? And I don't mean some vague "more" kind of anxious non-answer, I mean an actual numerical number of pounds per week.
&gt; have fun That's what /r/ketocirclejerk is for. Otherwise this place would turn into a whole bunch of meme pictures of bacon or whatever... &amp;#x200B;
We banned "OMG I had a cheat meal!" posts a while back too if I remember correctly because like half the posts were people talking about eating a burger bun.
A calorie is the amount of energy it takes to raise 1 gram of water 1 degree Celsius. It's equivalent is around 4.2 or so joules. A joule is the amount of work or energy exerted by 1 newton of force to move the point of exertion one meter in the direction of the force. A joule is considered the SI unit of energy. And a newton is the force required to accelerate 1 kilogram by 1 meter per second squared. &amp;#x200B; Since they are such small measurements, we deal in kilojoules and kilocalories, though because we're assholes we call kilocalories just straight up calories since anything metric must be opposed.
&gt; I'm curious how many ketoers here use only grass fed, hormone free beef? I don't. That stuff is stupid expensive. Okay occasionally I do. I live near a university with a big agricultural program and their outlet store sells their pasture fed beef that they raise and slaughter as part of the program. But at 12 bucks a pound, it's definitely a treat and not a staple. &amp;#x200B; The big deal about red meat being grass fed is, aside from the taste difference is that the balance of Omega 3 to Omega 6 fatty acids is better. My solution? Eat some fish. Or take cod liver oil. &amp;#x200B; That being said, if you live near a community sustained farm, you can frequently buy veggie &amp; even beef shares and get like quarter cows or sides of beef for a significant chunk of money that in the long run averages out pretty cheap. You just have to freeze the meat to avoid it going to waste. I don't have a chest freezer/deep freeze, so I don't go that route and can't provide much information. &amp;#x200B;
Three observations. 1. These people have obviously never been to a Sonic. You can get 1700 calories in a \*milkshake\*. I think I could put together a 6000 calorie meal without too much trouble at a Sonic. 2. I don't eat at a sit down restaurant to count calories. I go to a sit down restaurant to have a good meal. Restaurants are in the business of making tasty food. I expect tons of butter and calories. 3. Fast/fast-casual food is an impulse buy. It's what I buy when I'm on the road, or busy when lunch rolls around. I may go to a sit down joint once or twice a month, but fast food is a \*much\* more frequent thing.
&gt;My right wing father couldn’t be happier he said. Let him watch that meeting between Trump, Pelosi, and Schumer from the other day.
&gt;I was kind of hoping for someone else to step up tbh. While I wouldn't mind seeing a changing of the guard, show me someone in the Democratic house that is a capable parliamentarian, is able to herd cats and keep the Democrats disciplined more or less, and is able to negotiate and drive deals. I'm fine with her getting 4 years and then stepping aside as long as she's grooming someone/some group of people to develop those skills. Honestly there isn't anyone with her skillset in the Democratic house. I don't particularly think that's a good thing, but it is what it is. Democrats don't need to elect a Paul Ryan or Boehner who claim to be leaders but are actually just running ahead of the mob pretending to be the one orchestrating it.
The rockfish population recovery makes me happy. I grew up in Ventura and fished a lot around the Channel Islands and over the years watched the rockfish get bigger and more plentiful as their populations recovered. It's an example of stewardship done pretty well.
If you really need to, look into a zero carb protein supplement like isopure. Two scoops in a shake is like 40g of protein.
Fair point. I remember Anthony Bourdain way back when he was touring for Kitchen Confidential explaining to Oprah that at a french restaurant you could easily eat a stick or more of butter during a meal. That fact is etched into my memory and I will never forget it.
I find isopure to be pretty bland to be honest. I usually just buy vanilla and add stuff to it. Carob (kind of carby but it reminds me of the flips I used to get from a local health food store as a kid), chocolate powder, strawberry extract, maybe a few real berries, Mio water enhancer (Vanilla Orange flavor = creamsicle!) whatever. I usually sweeten with liquid stevia and blend with ice and maybe some heavy cream. Doctored up a little like that it makes a hell of a milkshake but by itself I find it drinkable but bland.
It's kind of like a reggae strum but apparently Iz used a low G and popped the G string by itself before doing a down, up, G for the bass beat. Some people say you can do that with the C string if you don't have a low G. Source conversation: [https://forum.ukuleleunderground.com/showthread.php?17543-strum-pattern-for-What-a-Wonderful-World-Somewhere-over-the-rainbow](https://forum.ukuleleunderground.com/showthread.php?17543-strum-pattern-for-What-a-Wonderful-World-Somewhere-over-the-rainbow) It's basically the same Bow-chicka beat that Johnny Cash liked to do, though he alternated bass strings.
&gt;It's the cost of production on the components themselves. If you stick with the rule of thumb that your MSRP is going to be 5x (or more but we'll stick with 5x) than the landed cost of printing and shipping the game to your warehouse, you're looking at a production &amp; initial shipping cost of 20 bucks per game. That seems kind of high for the components involved but I guess it's possible.
Have you asked your friends or your mother or the people around you to not tempt you if/when possible? Do they even know you're trying to lose weight? That's your first starting point. Willpower is a finite resource and can be exhausted. So the trick is to organize your life as best as possible so that you minimize \*when\* you have to use your willpower, and if possible, how much willpower you have to exercise. That will mean talking to your friends and family and asking them to support you by not tempting you. It may mean changing your hobbies to minimize beer parties. The thing is, motivation is fickle and will abandon you sooner or later. You have to be prepared to push through that and endure.
Race for the Galaxy. God I hated it. I had to watch a youtube walkthrough that was an excellent tutorial and then I went back and it made a lot more sense and I came to love it.
I salt things. I also have nu salt (lite salt works too) for potassium. I have bouillon cubes at work and at home to make a cup of salty broth if I feel like crap. Beyond that, I don't worry about it. &amp;#x200B; &gt; (today i went a little over, 20g net, oops) You're fine I promise. the 20g is a rule of thumb meant to shoot low enough that you're certainly in ketosis without having to use a blood meter or something like that. When I started keto, everyone said 25 grams of net carbs a day was a good rule of thumb, and that most people enter ketosis under 50 grams of net carbs per day. Everyone is different, and your carb tolerance will be a little different. I aim for 25, but I know in reality I can usually hit around 35 and still be in ketosis reliably. Aim low and if you slop over a little bit you're still fine. &amp;#x200B;
I've done a 36 hour cook for my longest cook so yup.
It's not. Boullian cubes are basically flavored salt and stock that's been boiled down to residue. One cube makes a cup of broth, and that has like 800mg of sodium in it. Bone broth is what we used to just call stock. You get your flavor from boiling bones and meat and aromatics. It's kind of having a fad moment right now but generally speaking it has some gelatin in it probably and I would guess a higher fat content than the stock you buy in the tetra packs at the store. As for the cubes... Cheaper is better in this case, since you're not cooking, you're ingesting salt. I think I buy tubs with 20 cubes for like... a buck or two. Don't go fancy. Go cheap. Also i have some freeze dried chives &amp; some powdered ginger I'll doctor up a cup of salt broth with sometimes if it sounds kind of gagging. Makes it a little closer to egg drop soup and I can usually get the cup down then. You could probably buy tetra packs (the foil/cardboard boxes) of regular chicken or beef broth, depending on preferences, it's pretty damn salty, but I like the portability and shelf stability of the cubes.
To be fair the Hospitalers were closely associated with the Holy Roman Empire and the Vatican, to the point that when Suleiman laid siege to Rhodes they appealed frequently to Charles V, who tried to rally support to relieve the siege, but most of the European countries were more concerned about the Lutherian reformations taking place. Later after being kicked out of Rhodes (which was an incredible siege of 100,000 Ottoman empire men vs 700 knights and 6000 commoners, and kept Suleiman bottled up so long that his invasion of Europe stalled out due to the winter and gave Eastern Europe just barely enough time to mount a defense at Vienna) Charles V gave them use of the islands of Malta and Gozo, and the port of Tripoli, and they became the Knights of Malta. However, this land was not given to them wholly, and was still technically owned by Charles. And thus an author in San Francisco in the first half of the 20th century decided that the Knights would pay tribute to Charles in the form of a falcon every year, to acknowledge the true owner of Malta. And in their first year, they combined what treasure they had left and cast the first falcon in gold and jewels... thus creating... The Maltese Falcon. If my middle eastern Crusader history is not completely mistaken, the Whitecloaks are probably closer to the Templars than the Hospitallers. They started as a purely independent organization pledged to escort pilgrims to the holy land before being ordained. There's no direct historical analog to the Whitecloaks, they're a bit of an anomaly. It seems unusual that they would assume so much political power as they obviously do in Amadicia and yet still claim to be an independent organization. Somewhere along the line you'd expect some Captain General to just make Amadicia formally Whitecloak-landia. But it seems obvious that late Hospitallers/Knights of Rhodes and mid-era Templars are the obvious models RJ used.
Losing a turn in a game is generally, I feel, a mechanic that needs to be avoided whenever possible. Watching other people play the game and watch them pull farther and farther ahead while you just sit there strikes me as a game I do not want to play. Adding money penalties on top of that is even worse. A moderately better option is to give a fine or a jail sentence. At least that is a kind of interesting decision point. As for what crimes? Whatever fit the theme of the Monopoly board. For traditional monopoly, speeding, illegal parking, coding violations, fraud, whatever works for travelling around Atlantic City an being in real estate. If it was say a National Park monopoly, it'd be littering, illegal camping, risky use of fire, molesting the wildlife, etc...
A princess showing off her ankles! Imagine the scandal!
Also remember Nynaeve &amp; Egwene are from the Two Rivers and are in that capacity rather old fashioned when it comes to fashion.
It's a pattern archetype. His memories of previous lives first include a general who literally is a gambler and thinks about tossing the dice and stuff (I want to say that's the scene where he wakes up from his healing and eats the roast beef). The dagger and his healing \*probably\* had a hand in uncapping those memories, and his trip through the arch finished the job. Also, doesn't Artur Hawkwing straight up call him Gambler as like a nickname/archetype?
Ask and ye shall receive. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGbRwUojtcw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGbRwUojtcw) &amp;#x200B; It's really weird, and kind of sad, to see him so young (although he's like in his 30's here).
&gt;Edit: I doubted the 1700 calories milkshake and &gt; &gt;looked it up &gt; &gt;. They really do have a 1720 calorie shake. They should make you sign a weaver when you go to buy one of those. Wtf To be fair, if you haven't been to a sonic, a large milkshake is like 32 ounces or something psychotic like that. It's big enough to share among 3 people easily, and I find myself if I order a milkshake ordering a small or extra small. \*Occasionally\* I'd get a medium when I was at my heaviest and even that is a lot of milkshake, it's equivalent to maybe a McDonalds Large cup of coffee in size. All of their large milkshakes are like 1300+ calories, and I stacked the deck by referencing the peanut butter one. But the point still stands. Sonic itself especially is a weirdly caloric fast food joint. They seem to be 2-300 calories more than comparable food at other fast food places.
&gt;Supposedly the first 100 or so pages of story are to be read while you do the unboxing. While Snake enjoys a smoke
They need to adapt the original Resident Evil as a card game where all of the cards have to be oriented 45 degrees to read them, and spacial positioning matters.
Don't worry the game comes with cloning nanobots so that you can vat grow the other 19 players.
Spam and eggs is surprisingly delicious. Cube the spam, fry it up until it's brown and hot, scramble eggs into it. I know spam isn't for everyone (It's just salty pork pate) so if you want to try it, get the spam single for a buck to save some money. Spam Turkey is bland and not recommended, and Black Pepper spam just basically tastes like salty pepper. Haven't tried the other flavors yet.
I know that McDonalds folded eggs have adjuncts in them that actually make them kind of carby (2g of carbs per egg). Looks like CFA is only 1g per egg but it's still worth realizing the folded eggs tend to have more carbs.
Another way of thinking about it- 8 pounds is a gallon of water. &amp;#x200B; I"m a fat guy and need to lose a lot of weight. Right now, I'm about 25 pounds down. To put that in perspective, my backpack for a weekend trip in the back country is like... 20-25 pounds.
No it's part of the extinction level event that the California GOP is facing. The CA GOP is now the 3rd largest political party affiliation in the state. No party affiliation is #2 now. This works with the open primary system- there's no particular reason to \*be\* in a party in the state beyond public identity. It's still kind of surprising though.
&gt;The whole point of a judge is to make non-partisan decisions. Justice Scalia proved that the concept of a non-partisan judge is more fantasy than reality. After his tenure on the bench I think it's safe to say we can bury that fiction forever. In theory you're supposed to leave your political biases at the door as a judge, but practically and effectively, I'd say that doesn't happen. Some judges may try, but I think a lot don't.
True. Even as a liberal I don't like a monolithic party controlling everything. It's unhealthy. I personally don't think the state will be better for it in the long run. But the national GOP is moving in a direction that will continue to ostracize California demographics. That much is clear. I mean they just lost Orange Freaking County. I am almost 40 and I never thought I'd see that in my life. The only thing I can think of is that as the GOP moves towards a more cultural identity, it will drive out ideological/policy conservatives. Eventually the GOP will atrophy down to something in California that savvy conservatives can kick off an independent or 3rd party and have a legitimate presence in California. I think the potential is there. And as I said up top, I think the state needs it. I don't think the options of Progressive Left and Chapo Trap House Left is necessarily healthy.
When my sense of hunger gets weird I do a carb cycle which has been shown to help reset leptin/ghrelin levels. I still CICO/aim for maintenance, but I'll go off keto for a day or a meal. Usually sets me up for another couple months. Since I generally have a traditional holiday meal for several holidays, I carb cycle once a month, once every other month for one meal/one day. Note: To avoid GI distress when you do this, do what I do. Either find a probiotic pill with the maximum strains of bacteria that you can find, or go get some Kefir from the super market. It's a tangy yogurt drink with like a dozen probiotic strains in it. Drink an 8 ounce glass of kefir before your first meal and then another one about an hour before dinner. You shouldn't have too bad GI distress. After a day or two, go back on keto and you should be fine. Oh, and stick to healthy carbs- legumes, whole grains, etc... Don't carb cycle on a bag of oreos!
Some people react to the artificial sweeteners in the Quest stuff, also their bars have... I think it's IMO or Isomalto-Oligosaccharides syrup in it to bulk the bar out, and that can impact some peoples' blood sugar.
I... don't worry about it. Dose myself with kefir/probiotics before hand and just enjoy the dinner. Next meal, I go back to keto. I'll be back in keto by the Thursday after Christmas at the latest so I don't particularly care.
If It Fits Your Macros, go for it.
&gt;Why should I keep working at retirement age You shouldn't. Our entire economy relies on a steady turnover of labor as they age out of the labor pool.
&gt;Sure, having to pay taxes on something that was presumably paid for with taxed dollars already. We're double-taxed all. the. time. Sometimes triple or quadruple taxed. We pay income taxes, then we pay sales tax on top of that, and on some luxury items we'll pay a tax on top of that.
According to this page: [http://www.placer.courts.ca.gov/jury/jury\_general\_potential-jurors.html](http://www.placer.courts.ca.gov/jury/jury_general_potential-jurors.html) &amp;#x200B; Jury duty names are pulled from a combination of voter registration and driver's license rolls.
So...... This is a reasonably standard dice-driven worker placement game with a campaign and the "crossroads" theme added on? I finally understand I guess what the game is about. That makes it marginally more appealing, but that 100 dollar price tag is going to take this out of contention. There's a \*lot\* of other games it's competing with, and while I appreciate that it's not a legacy game, campaigns represent a commitment from people that I find hard to organize these days. Still, I'm at the point where space and money is a consideration, I own a \*lot\* of games, and Gen7 needs to compete against those and everything new out in the market. And that 30-40 dollar premium really means it needs to offer me a lot of game or an unparalleled experience to justify it's existence. I would certainly sit down and play it, and probably even commit to the 7 sessions of a play through, if someone else bought it. Considering I'm the main board game purchaser of my group though, it's going to get a pass. It doesn't help that it seems like I'm the only person who had repeated terrible experiences with Dead of Winter, to the point where it didn't feel like a game, it felt like you were drawing random cards from decks and hoping you pulled the resources you needed before the dice wiped you out. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Game aside, thank you very much OP for the review. Just getting an idea of what the game is/does was extremely beneficial and I appreciate it.
The page for this product says that due to it's subject matter it will \*only\* be available directly from Hollandspiele and won't be available through 3rd parties or at conventions.
My FLGS has a couple copies of it and Ladies of Troyes in stock and have had it in stock for a while. Check out Crazy Squirrel Games in Fresno California and see if they'll ship it to you. Barring that DM me and I could probably look into shipping you a copy for cost + shipping.
Oh well. Good luck in your hunt!
What's with the down votes for asking "what field are you looking at?" It's a legitimate question.
If you're in the states you can go get a rotisserie chicken for like 5 bucks from walmart or costco or winco or other markets. When I don't want to cook I do the rotisserie thing. I also have a microwave steamer tray and will buy some green beans or broccoli or cauliflower or frozen veg mix and steam that, then maybe hit with a drizzle of sesame oil to jazz it up a little. Takes less than 5 minutes to steam veggies in the microwave, and the rotisserie chicken is good for a meal or two. Once it's done if you're in the mood you can throw it into a pressure cooker/instant pot/slow cooker and make some chicken stock out of it and feel really industrious. &amp;#x200B; One of my comfort foods is tomato soup. Get 1 28 oz can of San Marzano whole peeled tomatoes, dump into pot. Add 4-5 tablespoons butter, 1/2 of an onion chopped roughly, 1 1/2 cups of chicken stock, vegetable stock, or water. Salt &amp; pepper a little, then let simmer for 45 minutes. Blend with an immersion blender or pour into a blender and blitz in batches. Add a few tablespoons of cream if you want a bisque. Season to taste with salt &amp; pepper, maybe some sugar if the tomatoes have that canned flavor. A very low effort, incredibly tasty tomato soup. Add BLT or grilled cheese sammich, or some real bacon bacon bits and a side salad. &amp;#x200B; Final serious suggestion: Look into sous vide. It is a little expensive to get into, but you literally get a big pot of water, stick your immersion cooker into it, set the temperature, and throw your protein (and even your veggies) into a ziplock bag or vacuum seal bag and force most/all the air out and then let it sit in the hot water for an hour or two. Timing isn't as important with sous vide, so if you need to sit there for another half an hour to get yourself built up to finish dinner, it's waiting for you no problem. You just have to finish off the protein usually with a quick sear, 60 seconds a side in a hot pan. I also do a semi-complicated sous vide sweet potato that involves cooking for an hour at like 150 to maximize sweetness, then I crank it up to 180 for an hour to soften the sweet potatoes. I do asparagus in like 10 minutes, there's other veg you can do too. It's a cool cooking method.
You can find a microwave steamer tray for like 10 bucks and it's an \*excellent\* investment IMHO. Steams fresh and frozen veggies very well.
I'd level up by considering a little diced ham in there. On a "I wanna cook" day I'd start with ham hocks for a bit of smokey pork goodness but on a "I don't want to get out of bed" a handful of diced ham works fine.
Are British style baked beans common in Canada? I see them ever-so-rarely in the states, and the last Brit I worked with bought some Bush's baked beans for beans on toast and was sorely disappointed and wondered WTF was wrong with us.
I was falling asleep at random times. I could fall asleep standing up just by closing my eyes for 10 seconds. I fell asleep at work, started snoring, and they called me on it. I have a mp3 of my snoring that I made on my desktop of my computer, dead center, so I look at it every time I see my desktop, labeled "remember the humiliation". Every time I feel like quitting I go look at that file. I don't even need to play it any more. &amp;#x200B; After the first 10 pounds I stopped falling asleep at random times.
The way I understand it, Balefire is kind of exponential. Squared power for double the "burnback" time. The longest burnback time I'm aware of is when Rand uses Callandor in The Fires of Heaven and like... 10 or 20 minutes is erased.
Thank you for the update! I'ts much appreciated!
I think for me the Tuatha'an present a flawed and undesirable philosophy is that they are pacifists yes, but they are also passive. They are also frivolous. They don't understand \*why\* they are pacifists. They do not act to spread non-violence. They are not negotiators. They do not advocate. They do not teach. They do not attempt to de-escalate or to give practical alternatives to those around them. They do not work to reduce the violence in the world. They claim "the song" will do this for them, and so why bother doing the hard, daily toil when they will some day find their song and all will be resolved? They don't \*do\* much except for mend pots and pans and dance and travel around. They claim they are looking for "the song" but even as RJ says, they wouldn't recognize the song if they heard it. It's their passivity and their ignorance of the luxury that they afford themselves that I find distances me from them. Not merely their extreme adherence to non-violence.
Actually no. Your basal metabolic rate makes up the majority, and probably, honestly, the vast majority, of your caloric expenditure. Busy days for me at \*best\* bump my BMR from 2500 calories a day up into the mid-3000s, so that's what, like 66% of my TDEE comes from just being alive? And i'm running around at 300+ pounds hauling a \*lot\* of weight. If I only needed to lose 40 pounds my BMR would probably be more like 80% of my total energy expenditure.
Just imagine how Elayne is going to be as Queen of Andor.
&gt;Tbf they're not really allowed to preach their beliefs Buddhists and Christians try to exemplify their faith through common, consistent good deeds, and through that behavior, draw curious people to know more. The Tuatha'an are not \*involved\* in their world, they're merely passing through.
I'm being bratty. Edit: You'll RAFO. I wasn't a fan of Elayne up to that point either, nor Egwene. Naynaeve I've warmed to on re-reads as being a dope and kind of comic relief in that capacity.
Man someone should have just told Nynaeve to snap her fingers at the Last Battle.
&gt;If anything, aim for eating the “cleanest” meat you can afford. Pastured, grass fed , organic. Even then I wouldn't sweat it. Just mix up some fish or fish oil pills occasionally to get your Omega 3/6 balance closer to normal.
1. Be wary of someone telling you how to do keto who is also trying to sell you something more complicated than a cookbook. And even then, be wary. 2. Go check out this jackwagon's shop. He lambastes you to eat "clean keto" and then you go look at the shop and it's full of sugar alcohols, adjuncts, processed ingredients. It's also all pseudo-food: pancakes, brownies, maple "syrup", vanilla syrup, hell even the monkfruit sweetener he's named his company after has a bunch of sugar alcohols in them. 3. He has a \*minor\* point about eating a variety of foods as being healthier. My variety in veggies actually significantly went up when I went on Keto. I'm far more adventurous than I used to be. It's better for you to get your micronutrients out of as varied of a diet as you can get instead of out of a multivitamin. 4. Keto has hit fad status right now. Beware of people looking for their own slant on it. It's a basic concept but you can't make money or generate media buzz on basic concepts.
&gt; Late game Nynaeve is great. Agreed, but on rereads even early game Nynaeve was at least funny in how oblivious she was. &gt;“I won't shout at you,” Nynaeve shouted
Not necessarily. I'm trying to remember Spoiler: &gt;!Just how much time Perrin &amp; Elayne spend with each other. I \*think\* that it's limited to some time in Tear, and Perrin is busy with Faile and Elayne is trying to give Rand a tonsil massage. So I can understand that she doesn't realize everything Perrin's been through. Still, her behavior as a queen is kind of disconnected from how adept she was at Daes Dae'mar in earlier books. I was waiting for her petulance to serve some end game, but instead it was just Elayne being a snotty brat.!&lt;
&gt;Lmao, I hear you, BUT consider their position. They were just raised Aes Sedai, they’re trying to prove not only to everyone else, but to themselves, that they are Aes Sedai. Except they are only in title, and are treated as such. Most women train in the Tower for YEARS to get there. I’m not saying they aren’t being terrible, but it’s a forgivable terrible. Except that the SuperGirls all think that the Aes Sedai need reformation to remain relevant in the world and yet they fall into the exact same patterns \*as\* the Aes Sedai in order to be accepted by them.
&gt;She forced herself into traveling The Ways to the Two Rivers where she absolutely was not wanted or needed, because she wanted to have adventures. That's what she \*told\* him, but I thought it was pretty obvious that she went because she loved Perrin. Berelain was also basically telling her "I'm going to f\*ck your man and you can't do anything about it" and that got her dander up. Let's not also forget she was 16, maybe 17 when she took the Oath to become a hunter for the horn, 18 when she married. Perrin is young too. I don't know too many 18 year old couples that didn't have a lot of troubles, most of them these days probably wouldn't be expected to last. Culturally she comes from a very aggressive &amp; militant region where spouses were basically power couples. She may have been sneaking behind Perrin's back, but that's so that he could be the noble, squeaky clean lord while she cultivated a power network that could ultimately benefit him. Look at Faile's father and mother and how they behave when they meet Perrin. They're aggressive with each other, and very aggressive with Perrin until he shows some backbone to them and actively defends Faile. In the end, that's what Faile wants/expects out of a husband culturally: for him to \*want\* her and pursue her. Whenever he becomes more assertive she becomes more amenable. It's pretty obvious. It may not be healthy but it's understandable. Faile comes from a place where nobody would probably blink at the sight of a wife hauling her wounded husband off the field in the middle of a battle. She's young, and kind of abrasive, and let's face it her subplot goes on WAY too long, but there have been stranger power couples that ended up being really effective, and I think that's what we see here.
Good riddance. Those people flocked here and paid too much for property because the weather was nice and then whined when they had to maintain the new bloated infrastructure. California alone is 12% of the population of the US. We can stand a little bit of diaspora. It'll be good for us. Maybe the people leaving can go move to the Appalachians and start a business. They need it there. They won't... They'll flock to some other liberal urban center and start the cycle all over again, but they could.
FO3 was fun, but yeah, New Vegas was great. It takes time to get rolling though. I am always bored on playthroughs until I hit Novac, then the game starts opening up. It \*really\* opens up by the time you hit New Vegas proper.
&gt;As for F4 I enjoyed it slightly more than F3. &amp;#x200B; You might be in the minority there. All I know is I bought Fallout 4, and have tried to play it four times. Every time I hit Diamond City my enthusiasm and attention just completely die off within minutes of entering the town. I'm not sure why. Maybe the game becomes too broad too early at that point? Like, the first real town you get to feels awfully big and getting your bearings in a baseball field just feels weird and bland. I mean, Megaton was hard at first to navigate since it was purely brown/beige rubble, but that town made an impact. Novac made an impact. Even Goodsprings was small enough to memorize easily enough and only had a manageable handful of quests/stuff to do. I dunno, maybe it was something else. I wasn't terribly invested in any of the skeleton of a story that was going on in F4 by that point.
The specifics of the game are F4, but probably 90% of the Fallout universe gets ported between games. A deathclaw is a deathclaw, Mr Handy and pipboy are omnipresent. The weird sense of humor and the 1950's era futuretech stays the same. I burned out on fallout 4 but have played hundreds and hundreds of hours of fallout and had no problem with the boardgame.
I can't imagine it being much fun without NPCs. Half the fun of the games is the writing, and everyone says that the Fallout 76 game is pretty barren and that the content is pretty anemic, which seems like the exact opposite of previous Fallout games.
You don't have to \*finish\* fallout 3 (that would take... a very long time), but putting some good time in wouldn't be a mistake. There's a lot of humor and references and factions and character types that make a lot more sense once you've gotten a ways into Fallout 3.
Okay I can get on board with that. The side missions were more interesting in F4 that I was exposed to. And I'm comparing Fallout 3 to what was out at the time, which includes Mass Effect 1, which had a great story but man, the side missions were dry.
&gt;Do we know the effect on the soul of the victims ? I think Sanderson explicitly said that Egwene's soul passed out of her body as the Flame crystallized her. I would assume at that point that her soul would do what all other souls do. Sanderson was a little coy/non-specific about Egwene becoming a hero of the horn, so I would assume that if the Flame did something specific to your chances of rebirth in the Wheel he'd have shot that down.
Metabolic variance occurs but it's generally like 1-200 calories a day. But yes, someone at your height, age, and activity level eating 3300 calories a day would eventually hit around your weight. Note- The weight gain would taper off as TDEE approached maintenance. I'm 100 pounds lighter than you (and like 6 or 7 inches taller, but I've got 10 years on you) and my sedentary TDEE is around 2900 and my BMR is somewhere around 2500. If I'm active it can get up into the 3000's. Remember- You're carting around effectively a 200 pound backpack ALL the time. That effort uses up a lot of energy.
&gt;I guess my question is, how long would I have to stay at the same weight in order for my TDEE to be reliable? To specifically answer this, zero time. You recalculate your macros every month or so or every 25 pounds or whatever, and you'll notice your TDEE goes down as you lose weight. TDEE doesn't have a lag time or something weird like that. Your body has a basic metabolic rate that is determined by your physical stats and your metabolism somewhat, and any activity beyond that burns energy and gets tacked on to create your TDEE. This is like asking how long you'd have to drive a truck that's towing a trailer before it's gas mileage changed.
&gt;My only thought is that just as the DO can swap souls at time of death with a fresh body, so can the creator. Except that I'm not entirely sure this is something the Creator did. Moridin and Rand were connected ever since they crossed the Balefire streams. \*That\* is what made the body swap possible I think.
Smaller plates help too if you're the type like me that feels guilty if there's still food on the plate when you're done.
Apparently it saves me money. How much I'm not sure, but PG&amp;E's rate calculator says it does. What sucks is that there will be, I think it's either 12 or 14 days during the summer where your rate skyrockets. And those \*will\* be the hottest days of the summer. And there's nothing stopping PG&amp;E from naming multiple smart days in a row. This past year they did 2 or 3 in a row and it was kind of miserable to either pay steep rate hikes or swelter for an extended time. I actually have a little stand alone swamp cooler and it works well with the ceiling fan. It doesn't cool the whole room down, but it does blow directly on me and cool me off reasonably. I try to rely on that as much as I can and then at around 8pm I turn on the AC and get the air down to a comfortable temp that I can sleep in. As long as you don't run... well... anything on smart days until 7 or 8 or whenever it ends you'll come out ahead. Plus if memory serves they have "insurance" on the first year where you get reimbursed if Smartrate would end up costing you more than you save if they still do it the way they did it with me.
&gt;Instead of the Sea Folk you'd have the Spacing Guild instead I knew where you were going with this when you mentioned gating entire ships. Have an upvote.
I'm going to admit that my schadenfreude concerning Discover: Lands Unknown and the guys' disdain for it is a source of amusement for me.
Just last night I realized that Fresno is for conservatives who wish they were rural conservatives but couldn't hack it out in the sticks and need a certain amount of urbanization for their creature comforts. You see people driving around 60,000 dollar pickups like they're taking a break from the farm, when in reality the only thing that's ever gone into the truck bed are groceries.
PG&amp;E has a calculator that will analyze your rates and usage and suggest if you're on the right plan or not. It says I'm saving money, but it does't say how much, and I haven't gone through and multiplied my non-smartdays by 20% and halve my smartday expenditure. I guess I could export the data to a spreadsheet and manipulate it, but I don't particularly care. &amp;#x200B; If you know the house/apartment is going to be empty during the day and you have a moderately efficient AC/swamp cooler and a smaller place then I think it makes sense.
There's a very busy central valley hiking meetup, but after 2 years I managed to go on precisely zero hikes and left the group. They are big enough that they fill up fast. If you're fast on the trigger you may be able to have more luck than me. &amp;#x200B; Aside from that, for places to go, you're about 90 minutes away from the northern end of Sequoia/Kings Canyon. Once the road opens in the spring/summer you can head to Road's end and there's a cornucopia of trails. There's a bunch of hiking in Sequoia proper, both in the southern foothills and the high country. &amp;#x200B; I went to the Jan Joaquin River Gorge is great for some day hiking, even in the winter since it's low enough elevation to not really get snow. &amp;#x200B; When the snow melts, up above Shaver Lake there's a \*bunch\* of campgrounds and trails and such. I have a metric assload of information on Sierra hiking. What are you looking for?
&gt;Just looking for an all around resourceful place where mother nature is very giving. And you think of Alaska? Have you read Jack London? Hell, have you read Into The Wild? Alaskan bush is probably one of the more hostile wildernesses in North America, winter aside.
&gt;nothing that wants to kill you Hurricane season?
&gt; You want to be need food- do you want to hunt and fish or go to a store? I'm assuming he is having dreams of going and pioneering somewhere in the sticks for X weeks or months. It's something you see people pine about occasionally here. It's possible. Some people hermit out and go away and manage for years, but it's not exactly an enviable life. &amp;#x200B; I actually think that if someone is looking at a "living off the land" hermit scenario this is probably the wrong subreddit. I don't know what would be the \*right\* one though.
If you're a total beginner, you're trying to sprint before you can crawl. Head to the survivalist and bushcraft communities and start learning. You're probably years away from being skilled enough to be self sufficient the way it seems like you want to be.
Sounds like the Long Beach parrot community.
If by "the third age" you mean "the late 80's early 90's" then sort of. Jordan intentionally set up the beginning of TEOTW to be similar to the beginning of The Fellowship of the Ring, mainly because at that time most fantasy \*had\* to crib Tolkien to gain traction. WoT actually subverts the Tolkien fantasy in several ways and is part of the thawing of fantasy that helped fragment it into a more interesting genre.
Since you're not looking at backpacking, if your tent is big enough, just buy an air mattress. I have a queen size double tall for car camping. That exped mega mat looks pretty nice though and has a honking great insulation value.
&gt;Energy from insulin.. that's a new one. So does that mean that diabetics can just shoot up and go run a marathon or something?
Do you have a fridge in the hotel room? If not that severely limits your options. I'm almost tempted to tell you to go out and pick up an instant pot. You can cook whole meals in that sucker, although the hotel may frown on you sauteing in your room. Also, over at walmart, you can get for 10 bucks or less a plastic tray and lid and grill that lets you efficiently steam veggies. 2.5 minutes or so depending on if fresh or frozen or how crunchy you like your vegetables, and because you're cooking them so fast they retain more nutrients than traditional steaming. I love the microwave steamers- I have 3 of them (one for big meals/guests, one for just me, and one I keep at the office). You could also probably get a 20 dollar hot plate from Walmart or Target or wherever and either dig a pot out of storage or get a cheap one and do some damage that way. I'd try to limit myself to like soups and stuff though so you didn't stink the room up with the smell of hot grease. If you have a slow cooker that's an idea too. You can just throw stuff into it and let it simmer all day. Not quite the same as a good frying pan but you can do a \*lot\* with a slow cooker.
I find brined meat to be kind of bland these days. Dry brining is pretty cool and I'm fine with that (Its just a salt rub under the skin for poultry or just a salt rub otherwise) . I find brining to make the meat taste like the brine and to be kind of spongy. For Sous vide so far even my pork chops don't need brining I find they do well just as is.
&gt;Gotta do prime Rib for Christmas. For years we've done prime rib for Christmas and normally I'd agree with you, but it seems like Prime Rib has hit fad status here in California for Christmas, and prices for prime rib are up, while prices of all other cuts of beef are dirt cheap. I just bought a 4 pound tri tip for 12 dollars O.o Usually that'd be around 20-25 bucks. My ma got a 5 pound new york strip roast for 23 dollars thanks to the prime rib craze. We'll be doing that for Christmas dinner.
I believe that's for bone-on correct? Which you should be getting anyway because beef ribs make for great stock later that week.
I just made "prime fib" the other day for myself. 24 hours at 135, seasoned and then seared the hell out of it on a cast iron pan. It was a smaller chuck roast, and I was able to get it into one of my vaccum sealer bags no problem. Turned out great. I did a similar one for my folks a few months back, much bigger piece of meat and 36 hours. It's not \*exactly\* prime rib, but I'd say it gets about 80% there for less than half the cost. I'd serve it at a nice meal without much hesitation.
Sounds like you have hard water in your city. I haven't seen it myself but I'm not surprised. Do you have a dishwasher? If you do do you get water deposits on your glasses? If so you have hard water. Look for calcium deposits too in the dishwasher or wherever.
Ayup. At a certain point you care based on traffic shaping, firewalls, ACLs, etc... But at a rudimentary level, you really don't care what kind of data is being sent. As for why B accepts data from A, at a networking level the frames and packets are announcing that they are destined for computer B. The NIC verifies that the frames are indeed for it, the OS verifies that the IP is indeed it's own. Depending on if the traffic is TCP or UDP there may be some bi-directional communication between the computers to facilitate data transfer but again, that's higher level than probably you're dealing with at this point. The OSI model breaks down how data is sent from Computer A to Computer B. You need to learn it and understand it. I've been doing this for 20 years now almost and I still go back to the OSI model to conceptualize WTF is going on when troubleshooting. &amp;#x200B; &gt; I never really get what people mean by saying they want to send data to another network. Data means all the parts of a frame or packet that aren't used for navigation. So for a frame, anything that is not the destination MAC, source MAC, ethernet type, or checksum is the data. At the switch level, it never looks at the "data" payload. For a packet it's similar, but the construction of a packet has different fields. But again, for the level that you're at, we don't even look at the data payload. Something further up the OSI model will look at that. Understanding encapsulation and decapsulation is important. &amp;#x200B;
That's a long process but let's see if I can abbreviate it. Email is actually a kind of complicated multi-step process (assuming you're acting as your own email host) where you have to do an MX record lookup before you even send the email. So we're going to be abstract. Layer 6 &amp; 7 are the Operating System infrastructure and applications. Let's say you're playing Minecraft with the Minecraft server. You need to send information to the server on what you're doing. So Minecraft &amp; Windows are essentially layers 6 &amp; 7 and kind of beyond our scope. The application creates a protocol data unit of "minecraft instructions" and hands that off to the networking protocol stack in Windows. Windows then whacks those up into UDP datagrams (TCP has bi-directional communication and we aren't going there yet, UDP is just best effort but generally faster. Layers 6 &amp; 7 have to detect data loss and re-request data, where as TCP can detect lost data and request a retransmission). It then hands off the datagrams, which include a destination, to the IP stack, who encapsulates the UDP datagram into an IP packet. This packet has source and destination network info, and uses the logical IP addresses. It will chunk up the UDP datagram into multiple packets because the TCP packets are smaller than the UDP datagrams. It will then pass the packets on to the layer 2 NIC processor, who will whack up the packets into smaller frames and encapsulate them with destination and source addresses and a checksum. These addresses are MAC addresses- hardware addresses on the NIC. The NIC then takes these frames and passes them off to the Layer 1 portion of the NIC, which generates electrical impulses across the wire. Let's say you're plugged into the router directly. The router picks up the electrical signals and it's ethernet port and reassembles them into frames. It then looks at the frame destination and says "Yup! that's for me!" otherwise it drops the packet and ignores it. But this is a good packet, so it strips off the frame header and tail and decapsulates it, leaving just the data. It then passes that up to the TCP level of the router, who assembles the data frame payloads into a packet. It then looks at the packet's destination address and determines what port to send the packet out. It routes the packet out to that port, whacks it back into frames to hop to the next router's interface/MAC (assuming we're using ethernet all the way), and then the port breaks down the data into electrical impulses and sends the data as bits and bytes. The next router does the same thing, reassembling the frame, then making sure it should be the right destination before stripping the frame delivery information and passing the data back up to the router to assemble into layer 3 packets. The router says "Hey! This packet is on my network!" and routs it out the local network interface, following the same process. It then re-encapsulates everything down to frames and then forwards the bits and bytes out. Computer B gets these bits, and then reassembles them. It looks at the frame and says "Yup that's me!" and strips the frame information off and passes the data up to layer 3. IP layer 3 reassembles the packets and looks at the destination IP and says "yup! That's me!" and pulls off all the IP transit information and hands it up to layer 4/5 UDP, who takes the packets and assembles them into UDP datagrams and says "Cool story bro, this looks like a good datagram for a port that I have open" and strips the UDP information off and then hands it off to the OS, who says "Oh this is meant for Minecraft! Here you go Minecraft" who finally analyzes that you've clicked your mouse button to swing your axe. Now Minecraft needs to tell Computer A "message received" or "send that again please" and the whole process repeats in reverse and so on ad nauseum. &amp;#x200B; Congrats. You've just sent data from computer A to computer B, and they're on different networks. If they're on the same network, there are no routers, just a switch or two, and the switches operate at Layer 2 and never look at IPs. Just MAC addresses (There are exceptions but let's not go there). The only devices in that scenario that will look at IPs will be the end computers to make sure the packets are meant for them. I"ve left a ton of information, details, exceptions, etc... out but that's the rough basics that I can type out while I should be working.
Glad to help. Once you understand how stuff gets passed between OSI layers things start making sense. So now when someone talks about a Layer 3 device, you know in the real world it's basically talking about IP addresses, and that usually means routers (or multi-layer switches, which as I said, is a complication for another day)
Not quite metal but still impressive [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RylxBtEM0sI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RylxBtEM0sI)
This is the last book Jordan wrote, and he realized that he had let the story meander quite a bit and I think he realized he was ill by this point. Knife of Dreams is not part of "the slog" in the slightest, in fact it moves pretty briskly. In addition, he jams a LOT of stuff into it. If anything I'd say that The Gathering Storm slows way back down again and stumbles in it's pacing before picking up a little more in Towers of Midnight. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Also, this is almost certainly a typo If you look up the audible book in Amazon it shows that it's 32 hours long.
It's fine. Agitation and heating up of the water accelerate gas coming out of solution and it adheres to the bag. Ever seen little bubbles form in a pot of water before it boils? Same thing.
&gt;I'm just referring to any game where instead of picking a worker spot, you roll dice and the dice give you a smaller pool of spots to pick from and then you spend a portion of your game buying dice fixers so you have more choice. I'm not sure if they're limiting their definition of a dice based worker placement game to your limitation. Teotihuacan for example uses dice to denote the level of the worker and what they're capable of doing and it was a personal #1 on the list. It's possible they just mean that dice instead of meeples offer more flexibility in a worker placement game.
That's not leaking, that's like a sink running at a normal rate. TBH I'd probably have shut the water off to water heater or something unless I needed it. To answer your question, you can look up the water rates directly on the city's website: Water charges per 1,000 gallons above minimum dwelling unit charge * 1 – 23,000 gallons: $0.92 per thousand gallons * 23,000 – 40,000 gallons: $1.53 per thousand gallons * Over 40,000 gallons: $1.88 per thousand gallons So about 9 bucks.
That's the one I mentioned in my comments. There's 3000 people in that meetup group so unless you're doing the organizing, you need to be \*fast\* on the trigger to sign up for a hike. Usually they fill up within an hour or two. It is really kind of a too big group it seems like.
Not according to the city of Clovis. I looked at Fresno's website and it's like 2 bucks per 1000 gallons. Which explains why I pay like 3 dollars a month for water and 24 dollars a month for the meter. But that's a different story.
My folks had one of those anchor screws that they'd attach a long lead on and give the dog enough room to wander the camp with us but not enough room to leave the campsite. Down side is that the dog \*will\* wrap the lead around himself, and any object imaginable, and occasional untangling will be needed. The other option is one of those dog runs where you stretch a line between two trees and hook a long-ish lead to the line so that the dog can go back and forth along the line and out a bit from the lead. As far as training? Probably a professional at that point, although if the breed is Sheppard and/or Lab you're going to be going uphill against genetics.
Let's add on to that. Flaxseed (make flax bread!), almonds, white or oyster mushrooms, olives, coconut milk, dark chocolate, dried thyme.
&gt; How feasible would something like this be? Not particularly I'd imagine. You could get a combination of chemicals that tasted similar to rice and add that to thinks like cauliflower, but actually "engineering" requires genetics and that granular of understanding is beyond us right now that I'm aware of.
Caltopo is f\*cking amazing. I can't believe it started as a hobby. &amp;#x200B; As for logistics and stuff? Depends on where in the world you're going. I have a feedly list of like 25 backpacking and hiking sites that I get a newsfeed off of and don't pull inspiration from any one single place. For example, my suggestion for Los Padres National Forest is going to be WAY different than, say, Lassen National Park.
&gt;PS: what we really need is a trail head plotter on google maps. They have this. Sort of. Download google earth pro desktop and turn on some layers: Gallery &gt; Everytrail Gallery&gt; Trimble Outdoors Trips More&gt; Parks/Recreation Areas&gt; USDA Forest Service&gt; Trailhead More&gt; Parks/Recreation Areas&gt; US National Parks&gt; Trails &amp;#x200B; With Google Earth, if you want, you can drop pins at Trailheads and name them and then export them as KMZ files and share them. You can also incorporate GIS and all kinds of other data. Caltopo though is still awesome. If you haven't played with that it's worth it.
I think my folks want a roast so roast it is. Well, convection oven/oven yeah. I think I'll oven it then. Should be most straight forward. Thanks!
I signed up for text message alerts the day before.
Nope. I actually posted a thread yesterday asking the same thing.
If it's a regular game, I'd say going in with the intention of throwing it is playing in bad faith and while not "cheating", is certainly on the same level. &amp;#x200B; Legacy games with a closed group is a different thing. It's a persistent campaign, so I agree, it's more strategy than dirty pool.
Depression sucks. I binge eat to self-medicate when I'm depressed and stressed. So I feel you. When the urge to eat crap comes on, take a deep breath, close your eyes for a moment, and do a self scan, physically from your head to your toes to really pay attention to what you're \*physically\* feeling, and then again to see what you're thinking or feeling emotionally. There's an emotion and a quiet narrative in the back of your head that is setting you up to binge. You need to... well, not necessarily confront it, but you need to acknowledge it. &amp;#x200B; If you can, practice delayed gratification. If you want some junk food, tell yourself "okay, but I have to wait 15 minutes" and then go do something that's as distracting/consuming as possible, maybe after a big glass of water, or a coffee, or something like that. Something you need to focus on ideally. Even going over to the politics sub and starting an argument will work. Anything to get you to stop thinking about what you want \*right now\*. Odds are in 15 minutes that craving will have passed. If it hasn't, go ahead and have the junk. You made a bargain with yourself and you held up the hard end of the bargain so you should remain honest. Just... every time you indulge your delayed gratification, you have to wait 5 more minutes next time. If you overcome the urge, it drops by 5 minutes. Eventually you'll find a sweet spot where you can sit through the time and move past the craving.
My guess is that between your trainer changing your routines and the water and psyllium, you're retaining water from the workouts and the psyllium, and it's hiding your gains/weight loss. Get a body measuring tape from Amazon or wherever, they're like 5 bucks, and measure yourself monthly/bi-monthly (I prefer monthly because you see more change that way). You'll see change. Also there's the idea of "the woosh" where you kind of plateau on your weight for a while but obviously are still eating at a deficit and should be losing fat, then suddenly you drop several pounds all at once. The best hypothesis I've seen for "the woosh" is that when you burn fat from your fat cells, they temporarily replace the lost energy with water, expecting to get filled back up again. At some point your body finally gets the message that the fat recharge is just not going to happen any time soon, so your fat cells expel the water, you pee/breathe/sweat it out, and... woosh! the weight drops. As I said, I don't know if this is really what happens, but the woosh seems to be real, and it's as good of an explanation as I've encountered. You may be in that interim, and how long it lasts is different for everyone.
&gt; But I have heard of it being a myth as well. It's not. Someone died from it a while back in a stupid radio stunt. [http://www.nbcnews.com/id/16614865/ns/us\_news-life/t/woman-dies-after-water-drinking-contest/](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/16614865/ns/us_news-life/t/woman-dies-after-water-drinking-contest/)
Oh man... You \*had\* to post that didn't you? Sigh. &amp;#x200B; \*gets out the credit card\*
There was a thread 2 weeks ago that talked about the beginning research into keto and cancer. Great thread. [https://www.reddit.com/r/keto/comments/a41b9b/warning\_real\_science\_ahead\_from\_a\_real\_scientist/](https://www.reddit.com/r/keto/comments/a41b9b/warning_real_science_ahead_from_a_real_scientist/) &amp;#x200B; Edit: From what I know about cancer these days, they're analyzing it for a more precise treatment course. Your relative could talk to their oncologist about supplimenting treatment with a ketogenic diet. Depending on the cancer, it may have no effect or be a useful adjunct to chemo. Some evidence says that some cancers it's actually harmful to be on a ketogenic diet. We aren't scientists or doctors so we can't give advice, but it's worth them bringing it up to be considered. If the Oncologists pass on it, then it's probably for a good reason. Best to you and you relative!
You've hit the groove. First time I lost weight seriously I was very successful. Then stress and a job change and depression helped me self medicate until I put it all back on. I tried for 18 months or so to get back on the wagon and I kept failing after a week or two tops, usually after 2 or 3 days. This past October I tried again for various reasons and BAM I fell into it. &amp;#x200B; This is just your time. As far as bad habits or something, you'll know if you fixate or get anxiety that you're probably doing it wrong. Now, weight loss is a big commitment, and focusing on it is not a bad thing, but it can go too far, get wrapped up with morality, induce panic or anxiety, etc... That's not good and you need to watch out for that. That's the main thing I'd look out for. The only thing I can point out is that you're eating at a pretty severe deficit. You may come to a point where you start feeling like crap. Hopefully not, but if you do moderate a little more and you'll probably feel better. Also, recalculate your TDEE monthly so that you're aware of your changing energy needs.
Good to know. It is a good deal though. CamelCamelCamel says it's matched it's lowest price point. [https://camelcamelcamel.com/Excalibur-3926TB-Dehydrator-Temperature-Dehydration/product/B008OV4FD0?context=search](https://camelcamelcamel.com/Excalibur-3926TB-Dehydrator-Temperature-Dehydration/product/B008OV4FD0?context=search)
Ah my apologies I misread that then totally.
I actually cancelled my order and ordered it through slickdeals as the referrer. You're absolutely right.
&gt;Even as someone who can digest wargames, "heavy" games, etc it still leaves me reaching for the reference at least once or twice a session. The only thing I find particularly difficult is the AI's movement logic.
I dunno if I'd be snotty that way. 9 out of 10 people probably would not make those kinds of lifestyle choices and would have the option of surgery or die. A more diplomatic response might be to send a picture to the doctor, thank them for the wakeup call that OP said she needed, and give them the success story. The next time the doctors deal with someone they might remember that.
