Hey there, Kitties! Mind if I join you for the end of the game? I'm riding high off of a series win against the Dodgers, and I haven't quite got my fill of baseball yet tonight.
Probably a good call. Solid late-game effort by Price though, from what I've seen so far.
We're eternal SEC opponents, /u/reallifebadass. But as long as you guys aren't playing Ole Miss, I suppose I can be happy with this.
... Damn it. :(
&gt; Whatever their motives are, just remember that it's terribly unlikely that they come from a place of reason. A troll got to me yesterday in that thread. That's a good reminder for the next time I'm tempted to reply to one.
There used to be an original Richard Nixon account that always signed off like that. He was on reddit for years. I think the OG account got banned, and that's his newer one.
It centers in Snes9x. It becomes off-center in Dolphin and PCSX2 when I'm assigning the joystick axes. Thanks for the input, sounds like something to do with my specific setup.
Welcome! You've picked a fun team to follow as an LA resident, since the LA Dodgers have been one of our biggest playoff rivals over the past few years. We do have a surprising amount of regulars on the West Coast on /r/Cardinals though, so you're in good company. I can't make many good NBA parallels, since I'm probably the only non-Grizzlies fan in Memphis, but I can try to help you with the rest. Since you already know the basics, I think the best way to get started is to simply watch/listen to games. Preferably with a knowledgeable friend who doesn't mind answering questions. Or hang out in our Game Day Threads on /r/Cardinals! Just about everyone here is super friendly and approachable, no matter what the question may be. The nice thing about baseball is that it can be very stats driven (if you enjoy number crunching) or simple entertainment. I know practically nothing about the advanced stats, but I still thoroughly enjoy the games. #What To Watch For In... **Pitching** * There are usually 5 *starting pitchers*, who take turns pitching the majority of each game. Their specialty is pitching consistently well over a long time (100+ pitches). Our ace pitcher - Adam Wainwright - is out for the season, but you can see our May starting rotation on the sidebar. * *Relief pitchers* are brought in to replace the starter when he gets tired. They usually pitch one to two innings, and are generally a fresh arm without the stamina of a starting pitcher. * Finally, if your team is leading in the 9th inning, you bring in your *closer*. Ours is Trevor Rosenthal. The closer is your best reliever, and he's supposed to make sure the opponent doesn't make a final comeback. * There are also some specialty pitchers, but I want to keep this kind of simple. **Batting** - Due to some unfortunate injuries this season, our lineup has been pretty flexible so far. But I can still walk you through the basic strategy! * The leadoff (first) batter in a lineup is a guy with one of the highest On Base Percentages on the team. Between hits and walks, he somehow finds a way to get on base. * The second batter's job is to advance the leadoff runner while avoiding a double play. * The third batter traditionally has the highest batting average on the team, and is more powerful than the first two. * The fourth spot is the cleanup man. This should be your impressive power hitter: A guy who can hit a long ball and hopefully score at least one of those first three guys. * In the National League, the pitchers bat, generally in the 9th spot. The Cardinals are a National League team. In the American League, pitchers don't hit, and use a Designated Hitter instead. This is usually their cleanup batter, and he doesn't play defensively. His whole job is to hit long balls. I think that's a general walkthrough. Definitely watch some games, and listen to the announcers. They're a little dry, but they're full of interesting facts and they'll help you get to know our players better. We have a lot of personality on and off the field, and it's really fun to slowly get to know the team. I'm not the most knowledgeable fan in the world (or in /r/Cardinals, for that matter), but don't be afraid to ask questions. We both might learn something!
That's a good point about Snes9x. I'll try MupenPlus tonight when I have time.
No problem! I do a lot of writing (and probably too much redditing), so it came easily enough. &gt; So there are 9 batters, right? So it goes First, Second, Third, Fourth (as you described) then again, First Second, Third, Fourth Whoops! I tried to keep it short by leaving out batters 5 through 8. There are 9 positions in baseball, so each position bats once before it loops back around. Your fifth through eighth batters usually hit for contact. You might see sacrifice flys to the outfield (long, looping hits that are caught for an out but allows a baserunner to score). Their batting average tends to be lower than the front half of the lineup. &gt; and then the pitcher/designated hitter as the ninth? It's a confusing concept, but the designated hitter (DH) doesn't have to bat 9th. He usually bats 4th, as the cleanup batter, because his entire job is to be a batter. Cardinals fans don't have to worry about the DH much, since we don't play American League teams too often. &gt; What position makes the most impact defensively, besides the pitcher? Is it the first baseman? It's hard to say. Defense is baseball is all about 9 players working as cogs in one big machine. Individual performances are huge, but the player throwing the ball is only as good as the player catching it, and vice versa. There are always exceptions in baseball, but here's some generalities about a few positions: * Your "middle infielders" (second base and shortstop) are some of your most agile players. They have a lot of ground to keep an eye on, and not much time to cover it. * The center fielder should also ideally be very fast on his feet, and have a strong arm to get the ball back to the infield. * The first baseman actually tends to be a slower guy, since he spends a lot of time holding a base runner on first. In between pitches, a runner will try to get a head start and take some steps off the bag. A pitcher can throw to one of the bases and the baseman will try to tag out the runner before he can scramble back.
I saw that we were down and came as fast as I could. Tonight, I am the backwards, inside-out baseball cap of reddit users. I am the message that /r/Cardinals needs right now, but probably a bit worse than you deserve. I am... well, just 1859. It looks a lot grander in comic book text, I promise.
I was hoping for some hand-lettered Alan Moore, but in this case Comic Sans would probably be more fitting.
Matt Adams may be laid low, but 1B fucks the shift just the same.
#~~ONLY~~ BEST COMMISSIONER IN BASEBALL!
That was the first time I've heard him speak relatively off the cuff, and he really did present himself well.
I don't want to cheer for Garcia, because I'm afraid my shout might break him. But he's coming back with a vengeance so far.
Whew! At least Reynolds stopped that.
Can't win without runs. C'mon Cards, wake up the bats!
The default answer to any position replacement question. Except maybe pitcher. Or actually, especially pitcher. 30 On 30: The Reverse Ankiel.
I did that during my cross country days. The difference was surely negligible, but doesn't matter. Much like for the Cardinals, it was a team building exercise.
Maybe they're easing him into higher pitch counts? That's my only guess. For the most part, he's dominating.
I'm not quite brave enough to take that step yet. It's toxic, but I've yet to find a better alternative to keeping up with the leagues at large. ^(And I still find the Colon circlejerk kind of funny.)
#[I'M BRINGIN' THE RUCKUS!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIPfQ-HtYeM)
Set the entire St. Joe area to DEFCON 2.
[Wut indeed.](https://youtu.be/br-svKoNfXY?t=2m30s)
With apologies to Brewers fans, we should not be making their pitching look this good.
Haha judging by his profile pic, I believe he just might be /u/kneejerkcardsfan
#AIR WONG
Well framed by Lucroy.
#I BELIEVE!
If this game ends on a replay, I will be very very sad.
That's too inconclusive to call. There's no clear angle.
#PRAISE JESUS, NEW YORK IS MIGHTY THIS GAME GOES ON
That badge looks to be from the late 70s or early 80s. The Acrolite was popular as an educational snare drum. From personal experience, it still sounds great with a drum kit, though!
http://fallout4.com also redirects to the same website!
What an awful disease. Thanks for the read, OP. It's fascinating to read about Gehrig not through the distant lens of history, but through the sportswriters and fans of his day. Seeing his 2130 game streak described as untouchable now has me wondering what other "impossible" records will be broken in the future.
It feels weird recommended a game purely for its controls, but the flying in this game is so incredibly fluid. The planes are simply a joy to fly. Weird that it's listed as Windows only, though. The developer has released a Linux version before. Edit: [Linux and Mac releases have been delayed due to bugs with Steam integration.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AirBrawl/comments/383790/air_brawl_for_mac_and_linux_will_sadly_have_to_be/)
Despite the fact that none of my friends have a Blackberry anymore, we still use it for our group messaging. Inertia is a powerful thing.
Nah, he's a top comment reposter bot. It's especially obvious in popular articles that get shared to other subreddits. If you Google the article title of each of his posts, you'll find that every single one of his comments comes from a previously existing top post with an identical title.
As in Memphis Redbirds? Stephen Piscotty is looking to extend his hitting streak to 10 games tonight. Xavier Scruggs, Dean Anna, and Ty Kelly are all names that a Cardinals fan might recognize. Tim Cooney is on the mound, and he had one disastrous start for St. Louis last month. Since then though, he was named Pitcher Of The Week by the PCL, and he's holding onto a respectable 3.00 ERA. AutoZone is a gorgeous park. Enjoy!
Nothing against the distro itself really, just personal preference. Mint's Software Manager is a lot faster than Xubuntu's Software Center, and Compiz works much better for me on Mint. Both are definitely worth trying.
Therefore I'm not a wallpaper.
I, like Lynn, enjoy living dangerously.
He should have, with the streak on the line. I can't blame him for being angry, but he only hurt himself by arguing.
That tends to be when the player says their final word, and that's usually what gets them tossed in my experience.
Damn, great stop by Yadi. My poor heart right now.
#HOLY SHIT THE WINNER ON AN ALL-OR-NOTHING DOUBLE PLAY! SO CLUTCH!
* Fuck Joe West * RIP streak of Bull * Joe West things * Holy shit how did we survive that 9th * And finally, of course... #ALL I DO IS LYNN LYNN LYNN NO MATTER WHAT
The strike was bullshit, and I'm sad that Holliday's streak is over. But when you argue that much, you're going to get ejected. Joe West is a shitty ump, but of all the things I can blame him for, tossing Holliday is not one of them. Matt was understandably fired up - but with his streak on the line, he probably should've just had a few words and walked away.
That got a good laugh out of me after a tense game
That's about the gist of it. Holliday probably realized that that was likely his last chance to continue the streak, and vented ~~some~~ a lot of frustration to West. It's his own fault that he got tossed, but I can't really blame him *or* Joe West for it. Outside of the poor strike zone.
Jim Joyce is my favorite ump. Before I came to that conclusion, I didn't know there was such a thing.
Looks like it's set in Boston, and Fenway Park is some kind of heavily fortified town square. If they're still using the same clunky engine as Fallout 3 and Skyrim, I'll give it a pass. But they've nailed the atmosphere (as always).
Try going to school in the South :\ A *very* vocal minority of my former classmates are posting a lot of macho-patriotic and hateful things. I'm just gonna bunker down, grab a pint at the Winchester, and wait for all this to blow over.
That's funny, the only person I know from Sparta is a rabid Alabama football fan, and he's as country as they come. Nice guy though. He hasn't said anything about Jenner that I'm aware of.
Birds On The LAN LANce Lynn This one wouldn't work as well in St. Louis, but I'd get a kick out of naming my little wireless router "KMOX"
#A former Cardinal taught me how to properly study for exams throughout last semester. #JOE KELLY ~~EXAM~~ CRAM REMOVER ^(why is this a thing today?)
I think his name was 1648... Nah, I know how small towns work (I'm from one of them!). No names from me!
I'll match you! I can pound water all day :(
Ahahaha yes! I feel complete now.
Congrats! I kid. Was it Lackey? I didn't catch it on KMOX.
Parra might have Lackey's number today. Thank goodness for that first inning.
I can do Bud Light Lime if there's nothing else available. As far as AB abominations go, nothing is worse than their Strawberr-itas. They taste like sugar, death, and faint traces of questioning your manhood.
"Fuck your bunt call, Jose. I've been waiting like 10 years to take a good cut!"
Hope he's alright. The radio call sounded pretty intense.
Parra is having a day
I was following by radio, so this is my first time seeing it. Damn, that looks nasty. Glad to hear he was able to walk off the field.
That's a definite possibility.
Alright Tigers, I'm not fully convinced that I'm a bad luck charm for you guys yet. Here's to hoping for a winner!
Plenty of game left to chip away at that lead
Seconded. It's a fascinating watch, and not a huge time investment, either.
Probably four years ago, I agreed to ship a redditor in Seattle some Ski. But life and college got in the way, and I never got around to sending it to him. Sometimes I wonder if he still lives at the same address, and I could surprise him out of the blue.
We've also had access to Sugar Mama and the Bombay recordings. I'm so bummed that Swan Song isn't in there. Maybe because he later reworked it into a song by The Firm?
Seriously my favorite AMA of all time. Canseco is literally the sole reason I look at Twitter on occasion.
Comparing his baseball camp to the psychedelic nightmare that is Willy Wonka might be the most unintentionally accurate statement he's ever made. You're damn right I'm sending him an email.
Last October, he shot off his middle finger while cleaning *four guns at once.* Drunk. By his own admission. The reattached finger later fell off during a poker game, and Canseco tried selling it on eBay, joking that it'd make a nice drink stirrer. The man is an enigma.
Aw, [looks like you're right.](http://hardballtalk.nbcsports.com/2014/11/20/that-thing-about-jose-cansecos-finger-falling-off-it-was-a-hoax/) That does lessen the mystique a little bit. On the plus side, I'm glad his finger was successfully reattached.
&gt; I think they are more worried about people modding the game to add custom songs instead of buying the dlcs Absolutely this. It's the same reason why Maddon and other sports games don't see PC releases: no one would buy a glorified roster update on consoles when mods give you free unlimited content on PC.
Yep! You can actually walk from one to the other without leaving the building. They'll even bring you your soul burgers and beer if you're seated in the restaurant section. It's pretty cool.
TIL ST. LOUIS HAS A FOOTBALL TEAM.
Ness is a god on Smash 64, but his PK Thunder special jump is his Achilles heel. Avoid a good player getting in the way of it, and you're gravy.
I know exactly what you mean. It's so much fun seeing people's frustrated surprise when you blast back from off-screen! My buddy is a Kirby main, and we've played against each other for years. He can still position himself perfectly to block my PK Thunder if I don't take counter-steps. And so begins the meta-game. He's not flawless, but Ness 64 is love, Ness 64 is life!
"And wouldn't you know it, that skunk still owes me $5!"
s0berage confused the Carpathia with the Californian, which was also relatively nearby. At 11:30 pm, the Californian's wireless operator turned off for the night, after the Titanic's overworked wireless operator told him to shut up after repeated ice warnings. So the Californian didn't hear about the disaster until after the sinking. As a result if this, ships were then required to always have a wireless operator on duty. Phillips, the irate Titanic operator, continued sending out distress signals until water was rushing into the radio room. Along with Harold Bride, junior wireless operator, they escaped on Collapsible B, which had washed overboard upside down. Phillips passed away due to hypothermia, but Bride was among those who survived by carefully balancing atop the flipped lifeboat. There may be some minor incorrect facts, it's been a few years since I refreshed myself on this stuff.
SOS was already in use by the time the Titanic sank, but it was among the first. I didn't know about the Cape Race part, though! That would definitely explain why he was irritable leading up to the sinking.
The end of The Green Mile. Jesus, I'm a wreck every time.
Even Dylan prefers the Hendrix version. Seriously.
[Video. Get it while it's up!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctss9h26IqY) Link Mirror Ctrl+F
My mom is bawling her eyes out. Horse racing is the only sport she loves more than baseball, and she's waited to see another Triple Crown since she was 14! Absolutely incredible that a horse pulled it off after the rule change.
Agreed. I imagine the "i" prefix has been done to death by 3rd party companies at this point, diluting the brand without infringing on Apple's property. That's less than ideal for Apple.
I saw them in October of 2013. I've attended and played a lot of shows, and this is the only one I'd describe as being a spiritual experience. The crowd was like passionate churchgoers, waiting for our cue to sing the hymns. Near the end the set, Julian mentioned that "Memphis is a city that's haunted by melodies". And that's how I'd describe the aura of that show. Powerful, moving, and - above all - haunting.
It's interesting that there's a rough inverse correlation between the Cardinals' record and the Brew Crew's. We are the anti-Brewers!
Budweiser was definitely in on the joke. The long camera shots on the logo, the ironic beach set - Budweiser is willing to poke fun at themselves to appeal to the younger, "hip" crowd. It won't change the fact that their beer gives me headaches, but sincerely, good for them for finding some advertising that appeals to millennials beyond bro culture.
I started keeping a daily journal when I was 17, and I had to deal with this as well as my journals got more introspective and personal. My family is pretty respectful of each other's privacy, but *still*. Just in case, you know? I write in those black and white composition books, and initially it was really easy to hide inside one of my school binders on a shelf over the summer. It's just schoolwork, and no one has a reason to look there. As my notebooks started piling up, though, that was no longer feasible. I had quite a few cardboard boxes under my bed for storage - little kid toys and stuff I'd grown out of. So I used one as a "journal box". You may not have a similar option, but the idea of hiding things in plain sight is very convenient. You have easy access to it when you want to write, it's out of sight, and it doesn't look like you're actively trying to hide anything. Unless you live in a place that's hostile to your deeper thoughts, there will come a time when you can safely stand by those personal opinions. You'll be more comfortable with the idea of others knowing that you keep a journal. Please keep at it! It's incredible to be able to flip back and see how you were as a teenager, and how you grew as a person day by day. Keeping a handwritten notebook is less convenient than typing, but it's infinitely more personal. Good luck!
Heh, in large enough quantities and without staying hydrated. Bud/Bud Light/Busch usually give me headaches after two beers. I like macro brews in some situations, and I even grew up within driving distance of St. Louis. But I just can't do Budweiser.
&gt; Irony, in its broadest sense, is a rhetorical device, literary technique, or event in which what appears, on the surface, to be the case, differs radically from what is actually the case For Budweiser, it *is* ironic. The set doesn't visibly differ much from their usual advertisements, yet here it's used as satire. That's my understanding of it, and I could be wrong. I'm not interested in a grammar war, though.
I started when I bought a notebook and pen on a whim. For a long time - probably the first half a year - I just wrote a brief synopsis of my day. Sometimes a paragraph, rarely more than a page. As I got used to the idea of journaling, I slowly began adding how I felt about those things that happened that day. That gradually led to some entries that weren't about my day at all, but some pressing thought or issue that I wanted to think through. Especially if you take the handwritten route, don't expect to write a masterpiece. It's a rough snapshot of your life at that given moment. So don't be afraid to *be* rough. Write the date and maybe your location at the top of the page, and just start writing. Don't begin with an introduction of your life up until that point; that's too daunting and you'll burn out almost immediately. Just jump right into the present. A good starting point? "I've always liked the idea of keeping a journal, but I don't know what to write." And go from there. It will take some time to get into the journaling mindset (whatever that may be for you). It will also take some discipline to set aside some time to write regularly (whether that be daily, weekly, etc). If you keep at it, you'll reach a point where *not* writing is weird. My journals are probably the greatest gift that I've ever given myself. I wish the same on anyone who is willing to give it a try. Good luck, and have some fun with it!
Maybe once a month I take a random journal off the shelf and flip it open. Doing that usually leads to me reading through more of them in that one sitting. It's a walk through a time machine, and I personally enjoy it. It's tough to be blunt about the benefits, because I feel strongly about journaling. What I see as benefits might be completely different for you. But I'll take a crack at it. Context: I'm in my mid-20s now, and I'm approaching 10 years of daily journaling, with a few small gaps here and there. * Memory is a faulty thing, but journals are forever as honest as the person writing them. I come across things that happened in high school that I'd otherwise completely forget about. * It's fascinating to re-meet teenage me. I continue to grow and develop as a person, and will eventually forget exactly how it felt to be at a certain age. I realized early on that journals gave the person I was on that day some rough sense of immortality. We are defined by what we create, after all. * On a related note: From page to page I can chart my development from an insecure, girl-crazy high schooler through college and to the beginning of my career. Good and bad, these are the events that shaped me as a person, and will continue to do so. * Journal-writing enables me to take a quiet moment from my day and look at myself honestly. Introspection is healthy and allows me to identify the problems in my life, and what efforts I can take to improve. Life can be a struggle, and just the very act of putting my problems into words makes them tangible. And conquerable. Writing about it is simultaneously therapeutic and practically useful. TL;DR: Nostalgia, mindfulness, mental therapy, and problem-solving.
I can definitely see that. Sorry for getting a little defensive; Irony is a minefield on reddit. Cheers!
Haha oh definitely. They'd probably have some trouble moving product if that happened to everyone!
[Playing the Rockies? This can't be too bad, let's check how we're doing...](http://i.imgur.com/u2g7JAS.gif) Edit: [MRW I see that this gif was posted in the past 5 minutes](http://i.imgur.com/u2g7JAS.gif)
Dat booty gravity well strikes again
This game is so much bad juju. Can we press restart on this one?
[Welp.](http://i.imgur.com/PEsitOS.gif)
My first thought! [For those of you who haven't seen it...](https://youtu.be/tWdgAMYjYSs)
Catch the wave. My files!
When we lose, we lose hard. Hope Holliday isn't in bad shape. Our hot streak could end real quick with the loss of another key player.
Same. I think I'd feel a lot less creeped out if they actually caught him. Such an eerie subversion of pop culture.
I know that some drummers who *really* love playing [marching tenors/quads](https://i.imgur.com/1c1cUIG.jpg) like to set up their toms in a similar way.
It would be such a short period in your life.
Smash 64 is on Virtual Console, right? That's my personal favorite of the series.
From the [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars): &gt; Lucas wrote a short summary called "The Journal of the Whills", which told the tale of the training of apprentice CJ Thorpe as a "Jedi-Bendu" space commando by the legendary Mace Windy.[40] Frustrated that his story was too difficult to understand, Lucas then began writing a 13-page treatment called The Star Wars on April 17, 1973, which had thematic parallels with Akira Kurosawa's The Hidden Fortress.[41] By 1974, he had expanded the treatment into a rough draft screenplay, adding elements such as the Sith, the Death Star, and a protagonist named Annikin Starkiller.
During a trip to India, Page and Plant recorded takes of Four Sticks and Friends with a group of Bombay musicians. They've been available via bootleg, but this will be their first official release.
If I remember right, Windy was the name of one of Luke's friends at Toshi Station on Tatooine (in a deleted scene). And then there's Mace Windu, of course.
Such a cool write-up. Thanks!
But I'm trying so hard to be impartial! ^(All the gaming I really care about is PCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC)
It was initially announced to be on both PC and Mac, right? The delicious irony isn't there, but it was stolen from both. At least PC the first two Halos eventually :\
Bob and Doug references will never fail to make me smile. I love Strange Brew.
Not a bad save, 'chuk!
Uh, uh...
LeMatheiu went to LSU? Gross.
&gt; "Oops. Something went wrong." &gt; F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5F5 They've really been struggling over the past year.
Haha did that foul ball hit a mic or something?
#JHONNY LHIGHT THHE FHUSE!
Ah yes. The land of no-doubt home runs!
That's been corrected already. It's nice having /u/flagamuffin in the GDTs. He usually provides a nice counterpoint without being pointlessly negative.
If you have at least 90 minutes and fall asleep quickly, do it. If you can fit your sleep in roughly 90 minute intervals, you should wake more rested than you would otherwise. And pound some caffeine when you wake up!
#WAKKKKKKKKKKA
Our Marp, who art on base, Matt be thy name. Deliver us from the Rockies, forever and ever amen.
Yeah... It's weird seeing sincere comments downvoted in /r/Cardinals this year. Outside of our regular downvoter, I mean.
That $99.99 is huge!
This game is still alive! Let's do this!
Resilience, that's the name of this team. We knew that our incredible start would have to average out eventually. Now we have a decent cushion to fall back on while players like Holliday and Lynn rest up and heal. We could possibly be getting Adams back by the post-season, should we make it there. The Cardinals have entered the Second Act of the season. After initial success, the hero is down but not beaten. A-Rod may claim that he's our father and chop off our hand at Cloud City, but there's still a lot of games left to play. With Ewoks. And metal bikinis.
Abandon the defaults. I still have /r/AskReddit and /r/videos and a few others, but my favorites are all smaller communities.
If I can only find the comment that /u/vanscoten made in April or May. He said something along the lines of, "I want to be here when we lose two games in a row and the sub loses its mind." Called it! EDIT: &gt; [It'll be something when they lose two in a row and the sub collapses.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cardinals/comments/350qhi/may_5th_2015_postgame_discussion_cards_win_74/cqzv3cy)
A brilliant reenactment of the runway scene in Goldeneye.
I grew up on a farm, but moved to a big city a few years ago. My friends think I'm weird for splitting logs every chance I get. It's almost cathartic.
Poor guy in the silver SUV is just a lawn car specialist! Let him work his magic, OP!
The thin Rockies air is a fickle god. It giveth, and in the same breath it taketh away. But as a natural force, it is no match against a #TSUNAMY
"Just had a Bud Light? Have a Bud Light."
It's how Carlos spells it on his Twitter handle. I have no idea why.
Yeeessssss Gomez. Respect the arm.
If you're in/near a larger city, try asking their local subreddit. That works in /r/Memphis.
In southern Illinois its "Cors". In north Mississippi it's "Kewers". In both locations, after you've had a few it's "Kurrs".
In the absence of Adams, another Matt must fuck the shift.
Excellent additions, in my opinion. I did not see Shutter Island coming *at all* going into it. I must be the last person on Earth who hasn't seen Donnie Darko. It's on Netflix, I have no excuse.
#MARTINEZ MAKES A BOLD BID FOR LEADOFF
Haha I can definitely appreciate that, because I have the opposite problem: I naturally try to middle-click paste on Windows more often than not. I never really thought about how a strongly a person's usage habits are dictated by their OS.
Memento is a glaring omission! I'm glad Wikipedia was around when I first watched that movie.
RIP Christopher Lee. The man led a long and interesting life. Fought in still-classified missions during WWII alongside the creator of James Bond. Witnessed the final public execution by guillotine in France. Recorded two metal albums in his late 80s and 90s. And of course he was a wizard and a Jedi.
I'll try to be impartial. Reddit banned a subreddit dedicated to hating overweight people. Some users suspect that reddit is trying to clean up its more popular unsavory communities to better appeal to advertisers, and is risking its reputation as an open discussion forum. Their reasoning is that objectively worse subreddits exist, but only /r/fatpeoplehate was banned because it was relatively popular. Others (as well as the admins) claim that this subreddit was banned for vote brigading posts in other subs, and harassing users inside and outside of reddit. There's a lot more to it than that, but it's a brief rundown. Regardless of how you look at it, reddit is a weird place.
If not for /r/OutOfTheLoop and the resulting discussion, I probably would've missed it too. Sometimes it's easy to forget that there's a far larger reddit outside of the smaller, more specific subs.
Not OP, but thanks for the list! I'm looking at 14+ hours of driving this weekend. It'll be nice to have some of these queued up when I'm not listening to baseball.
Even in the deathly humid American South, I much prefer summer runs. The sweat in my eyes, the heat radiating off the ground, it makes me feel alive and part of the environment. No matter how much I bundle up in the winter, I feel like I'm part of the doomed Robert Falcon Scott Antarctic expedition. "I'm going out, and I may not be back for some time."
That happened to me for the first time last year, a six mile run in Gulfport, Mississippi. I'd probably prefer winters in Phoenix!
Right here! I pretty much have everything that I want out of Steam at the moment. Although I guarantee they'll find a way to get something out of me by the end of the sale.
"Strike me down, and I shall become more immature than you could possibly imagine."
Running in the rain is the frickin best. Especially a warm, summer rain that breaks the humidity. Following that up with a shower beer? Bliss.
That's the downside of a growing sub. I think it's really cool that some of us are comfortable with sharing aspects of their personal lives, but there's a reason that I stay mostly reddit-anonymous. And I still had a reddit stalker, just for my username! That was small change compared to the creepy sexual messages that girls get on reddit, but it was an eye-opener into how unsettling those comments are.
Truth, that's total Marvel Comics material! Especially with a last name like Crowe. Maybe he's too busy saving the world to hang out here...
Someone call Pitcher Protective Services!
"Cool as" is an expression used in Australia and New Zealand
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. And good pizza.
I think that means the NL gets home field advantage in the World Series?
That's fascinating. Obviously I'm familiar with stories like Rick Ankiel, but I never knew there was a proper name for it.
The original Half-Life 1 is still super playable. I actually just played through it for the very first time a month ago. It's difficult at times, but the control scheme is rock solid.
Bethesda make games with incredible atmosphere and ease of modification, but everything else suffers. The controls (especially combat) in Skyrim and Fallout are so clunky that the games aren't fun for me. I want to understand the hype.
Unless you want 16" and 18" floor toms, you can buy a floor tom cradle to convert a rack tom to floor. No drilling or other damage to the drum, and it isolates the shell so you get a good boom out of it.
Right, I'm saying that unless he wants massive floor toms, the cradle might be an option. Personally, I was able to mount my 14 on a cymbal stand, although functionally it acts like a floor tom.
The Thing (1982) doesn't really do jump scares or gore, but the sense of unease and paranoia is so unsettling. It's my favorite horror movie of all time. If you want awful, squirm-in-your-seat torture and minimal plot, the Hostel movies might be the epitome of that movement (not a fan, personally. Watching Hostel is torture in itself). The first Saw film is a decent compromise between the two, if she hadn't already seen it.
I dated a Reds fan for a while. When her family visited, they bought me the hat equivalent of a Reds graphic tee. We parted due to irreconcilable division conflicts.
Lance Lynn: * Because we attended the same college. * Because I felt that he was vastly underappreciated by Cardinals fans in 2012-2013, and virtually ignored by the media during that time. The dude is a quiet workhorse. He's been getting more love lately, since he had to fill Waino's shoes. Hope his stint on the DL is short.
&gt; how are my evil friends doing? They're all in /r/Dodgers, with their [felt goatees](https://i.imgur.com/x7vhyuQ.jpg), [quasi-threatening pinkies](https://i.imgur.com/8W1I7.jpg), and [this evil-looking, mostly ineffective dashboard!](https://i.imgur.com/tSf8IjF.jpg) But not too shabby. Visited places this weekend. Had a couple drinks. Saw a couple of things.
Ugh, that's possibly the most boring drive in existence. Memphis, then Jackson are like waypoints of civilization, with nothing but fields and kudzu in between.
I do like Hattiesburg! I've played a few shows at The Thirsty Hippo, and the people I met there were great. I don't count Hattiesburg as part of the boring drive, because surely he's getting close to his destination at that point.
... Like, posted a status after the Astros forgot to log out of their Facebook, right?
155 comments in the first 20 minutes. It's gonna be a bonfire.
&gt; To think that we made it to the 2004 world series because of hacking &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; Did you really create a sockpuppet account just to make that comment?
#BRAVOGATE 2015
The radar doesn't look bad at all, at the moment. Worst case scenario, the outfield grass might get a little slick, I think.
I take full responsibility for this rain delay. I claimed that the radar didn't look that bad, and the baseball gods must punish us for my hubris.
Hacking
Heh, that's pretty good. Can you make out the Google search? "Astros Jesus Right Way"?
Check again, their sidebar got a good laugh out of me
I think the last time they found someone with a Hrabosky jersey, they took him up to the booth to meet Al. Super cool!
I felt like a little kid again. * Final Fantasy VII remake * XB360 games running natively on XBone * Dishonored 2 * Microsoft HoloLens / weird tabletop Minecraft * New Shenmue game * Battlefront's gameplay trailer defied my extremely low expectations * All while the Steam sale is going on
Yeah :( I won't be buying it, but it looks nice at least.
#GAME ON!
If I'm reading this right, it's a mechanic that rewards you for seamless movement. As long as you can keep Faith moving without sudden stops, the goons can't draw a good enough bead to hit you.
I had the exact same thought while replying to you, so now we're in the same boat. Surely if you ran directly at a guy, you'd get hit. Otherwise, why have them there at all?
&gt; It was very wrong (and illegal) for some Cardinals FO JO to walk through the screen door held shut but a single neon-green band-aid that is the Astro's **"Super Secret Team Database"** that was **publicly accessible via the internet**. (???) It's probably been waltzed into 1000 times before anyone related to the Cardinals ever tried. (U:administrator P: 12345) That's a drastic oversimplification. The only known security flaw in the Astros system is that they allowed Luhnow to use the same passwords he used with a competing organisation. The Cardinals' security flaw is actually a good bit worse: someone has/had access to their employees' plaintext password. That's a huge no-no. I totally agree about withholding judgement until more facts are known. Hopefully it was one or two employees working independently. &gt; The team will (and should) just keep their head down &amp;amp; keep winning ballgames. They're ballplayers, not **3l1t3 h4x0rz**. I'm not worried about them. Amen!
&gt; Restrict access to the internal network &amp; force employees to use a VPN to access it from the outside. I'm still pretty new to this career, but that's the only setup I've ever seen so far. Now I see what you mean by "publicly accessible" in your first comment.
That's a neat idea. It'd encourage players to constantly analyze the environment for better routes, instead of simply "taking the stairs", so to speak.
There's no way they could call it a spiritual successor to the first four games if it had a radically different control scheme. That said, I really do need to give the Skate series a try.
Obviously I have some bias in this case, but i think the tone would be the same, regardless. If your organization is accused on a crime, whether you're innocent or not, you and your lawyers put together a carefully worded statement that in no way could be used against you. It's the legal equivalent of the Bull Durham interview guide: "I just want to go out there, throw strikes, and help the team."
Interesting that the FBI's infiltration of TOR was a key part of finding who did it. So the person(s) had at least *some* basic computer savvy. But not enough to use further steps, like Tails (the anonymizing temporary OS that Snowden used). It's all just blind speculation at this point, but that suggests to me that it wasn't some big gun accessing the Astros network. I'm only looking for reassurance, but I think that's actually a good sign that this is isolated to a lower-level employee.
Dude, it's night and day. /r/NYYankees is great. It's a shame that that one guy's "shadow network" of baseball subs misleads people. Check the sidebar of /r/baseball for the "official" team subs.
Shoeless Mo-zeliak?* ^^^*He ^^^doesn't ^^^appear ^^^to ^^^be ^^^involved
[Also obligatory](https://i.imgur.com/hvYBWfw.gif)
Use ear plugs. You can get cheap ones from the hunting section at Walmart. I have trouble following conversation with a lot of ambient noise behind it, and that's what prompted me to wear plugs to every show. You get used to them very quickly, and I can actually hear the monitors better because they cut out obnoxious overtones. For practicing, wear your earplugs, then put over-the-ear headphones on top of those. As a teen, you think that it looks dorky, or you just like feeling reckless. My high school guitar player is functionally deaf in one ear from thinking like that. Not worth it.
Huh. When I'm listening via MLB At Bat, I just get the regular KMOX commercials. I don't mind them, they remind me of home.
Target Field has such a great skyline view. I just had to get that out of my system.
Ah yes, the "No True Cards Fan" fallacy. It bums me out that you're willing to throw your whole fanbase under the bus in an effort to apologize for something that the fans had no part of. You're vastly underselling one of the best aspects of baseball in the Midwest, let alone St. Louis. I'd like to provide a counterpoint to each part of your post, but it just makes me sad. The reason people are trying to justify things on /r/baseball, and the reason that you posted this, is that people feel strongly about their team, and take a slight against the organization to be a personal slight against themselves. Take a deep breath, and watch some baseball. And instead of judging the fan in the seat next to you, maybe appreciate that you have at least this much in common.
Nah, it's been removed by /r/baseball mods. And yeah, OP got the all-encompassing shadowban. Maybe unrelated.
This guy described the majority of St. Louis fans as being methheads from bumfuck nowhere, and apologizing for any attempts at justification his fellow Cardinals fans had made on /r/baseball. He sincerely described himself as "REAL Cardinals fan". Literally a three paragraph long "no true Scotsman" fallacy. He wasn't a troll, either. I remember him from a season or two ago. Reading it just made me sad.
Not many Cardinals fans like them either. Our radio crew of Mike Shannon and John Rooney are almost universally loved, though. If you're watching on MLB.tv, you might be able to swap the audio feed to KMOX.
Things just got interesting.
#CLASSIC MARP
In a realistic world where I don't have to choose one above the other, I'd say this is the right answer. I casually root for ex-Cardinals on the side. It pained me to watch Allen Craig struggle in Boston, then get sent to AAA. And while I wouldn't dare say that we have the *best uniform in baseball*[,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Viswdn1Gf6c) I do love it. Location means a lot to me, but liking a baseball team can be more complicated than it seems.
Damn. Target Field favored the Twins' long ball today.
Umm... ^(I like baseball's inconsistencies, like different field sizes and wall heights.) It's never fun to lose on a walkoff. Still, the Twins are a really hot team ~~right now~~ this year. How about we go get some snowcones, then beat up that Phillies kid down the street this weekend? How 'bout it?
Solid series, guys! It's never fun being on the receiving end of a walkoff, but it happens. If you can keep beating up on those Royals, that'd be nice. Good luck!
Ah. I haven't really followed them in detail, I just know that they're having a really good year overall so far. Darn AL teams that I never see.
And most people are either poking fun at it or embarrassed. That's a bit of an overreaction to an overreaction, eh?
I think emteereddit is a Twins fan
All four games of that series were tight, low-scoring games. It was really something to watch. Wish our bats would wake up, but apparently Minnesota isn't the place where that was gonna happen.
I enjoy reading /r/baseball, but I have to choose my words very carefully if I want to participate with Cardinals flair. It's sad, but it's something I've come to expect. A sizable minority here is flat-out toxic to Cardinals fans. Which is a shame, because it's a really fun community otherwise.
Amen. It's okay to have different opinions. It's okay to criticize decisions. That's been a part of baseball since before it was called baseball. Downvoting legitimate comments and linking to comments for a malicious "haha you were wrong!" isn't cool. I like this place because you *can* share your unpopular opinion and still have it fairly considered. I don't want /r/Cardinals to have the vindictive atmosphere of /r/baseball.
(Last name = Kozma)
Pete Kozma has a lower batting average than a lot of pitchers. Maybe even AL pitchers.
On June 7, 1884, ace pitcher Charley Sweeney set a major league record that would stand for 102 years, when he struck out 19 batters in a single game. After this game, however, arm trouble put him on the bench, putting the bulk of the Providence Grays' innings on the back of Old Hoss Radbourn. Radbourn complained, and eventually Sweeney was forced to take the mound again. What followed is possibly the most old-timey baseball story in existence. After a game in Woonsocket, Rhode Island, Sweeney got drunk and elected to stay in Woonsocket with a lady friend. Waking the next morning and realizing that he had to start in Providence, he rushed out the door. With an already-tight pitching staff, the Grays had no choice but to put the visibly drunk Sweeney on the mound. They tried to pull him after five effective innings, but Sweeney was having none of it. He pitched another two against the wishes of his manager. When again they tried to pull him before the 8th, with the threat of a $50 fine, Sweeney told them to stuff their $50 fine and his whole contract. He walked off the field and watched the rest of the game with a woman in each arm, presumed to be prostitutes. This quickly got him kicked out of the National League. And that only sets up the final twist of the story. With the Grays being extremely understaffed, Old Hoss Radbourn offered to pitch the remaining games of the season for a small pay bump and an exemption from the reserve clause. *He started 40 of the remaining 43 games in the season, and won 36 of them.* His arm became sore enough that he couldn't raise it over his shoulders, and he had to warm up for hours before gametime just to get the ball to the plate. Just to add to his spectacular feat, Radbourn started and won every single game of the 1884 World Series. After an incredible 678.2 innings pitched, Radbourn amassed an official 59 wins for the season, an impossible record that will never be touched. And it's all because a man named Charlie Sweeney got laid on July 21, 1884.
One obvious answer is a couple of Bob Dylan songs, covered by Jimi Hendrix. **All Along The Watertower** * [Bob Dylan (original)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YanjY9CsPDQ) * [Jimi Hendrix (cover)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY) **Like A Rolling Stone** * [Bob Dylan (original)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syNLBJ_Lq9E) * [Jimi Hendrix (live cover)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnAZh0HqUK8)
Give it some time, dude. It's only been up for an hour. Kozma is definitely something of a running joke around here, but over the past couple days a lot of people have been asking for his head. It's a valid question.
Just saying that Carp couldn't quite knock it over the wall, dude.
Was there Gatorade involved? CarMart's dugout reactions are the best!
Meh. It usually goes, "Cardinals fan first, player fan second", so I'd imagine that they're probably not too upset
Someone can want Kozma to succeed while at the same time recognize that his bat has been a significant detriment to the team this season. Why be so aggressive about it?
That sounds more like a characterization than anything. Like I said, I don't think anyone is deluded enough to think that Kozma is doing well in 2015. Feels have no place in the business side of baseball, but they're inseparable from the fanbase. That personal investment is what makes baseball fun to watch. Regardless of the narrative the fans want, logic wins in the end. Nothing wrong with having opposing opinions in the meantime. That's what drives baseball.
Sure! Grover Cleveland is the only American president to have served two non-consecutive terms. Benjamin Harrison was president for four years in between. In a lot of US grade schools, Cleveland is listed twice, since he was technically the 22nd and 24th president. Futurama showed him twice to play off of that fact.
I'm on a cut right now, and Saturdays are my cheat day. I believe this means I'm gonna order a pizza, drink all the beer, and watch myself a baseball game!
What a whack. You could tell that that was gone off the bat.
Pineapple is a great hangover food. Which is perfect, because it also goes on pizza!
#"WHAT AN INCONVENIENCE, I HAVE TO RUN TO AN EXTRA BASE"
Every time Lackey doesn't hit the cycle, I count it as a loss
Dat Oquendo booty cam
It's awfully American of me, but that will be a must-see when I make my way to Europe. Apparently baseball is fairly popular in Germany.
#I'M FEELING RANDY BABY, YEAH!
Only in Scott Spiezio's deepest dreams
60s throwback unis for both teams
There's no logic behind it. Lackey is due to make a decent amount of money for 2016+, especially for a pitcher at his age. I'm gonna be pretty happy to be proven wrong at the end of the season.
That's definitely the ideal situation. I bet he asks for a pretty hefty price tag though. I'd love to have Lackey stick around, but it'd totally be a Mo move to let another team foot the bill as he ages
#BENCH HEYWARD
Man, the Tiggers can't catch a break lately.
Uncle Charlie is just a nickname for the curveball, right?
#CHUK WIT' IT
#TWICE THE WOOD FROM CHUK
C'mon, Koz. If there was any time to pad that BA, it's this series.
They have a serious attendance problem (~10000 per game last I checked), and it's not in the best neighborhood, but Sox fans make the best conversation. Most of them tend to know their stuff. Basically, it's a crapshoot. If you can hang out next to some of their better fans, I'd jump all over that.
&gt; Most Cardinal fans who watch, listen to, or read the play-by-play of the majority of games (I miss the full TV &amp; radio broadcast of about one game a year, but I follow through gameday) will know that since 2012 the single most consistent strength of the team is playing the Phillies. Very few players on the team are capable of striking out and swinging at the first pitch and if I went through game-by-game and pitch-by-pitch I wouldn't be surprised if the Cardinals gained 30-50 runs yearly because of playing in Philadelphia. &gt; Only Peter Bourjos and Pete Kozma haven't consistently demonstrated reliability in their decisions to swing. Everyone else. So the question is why? Either Mozeliak has done everything or Matheny and Mabry implement his suggestions, either are pretty awesome. Sure, Billy Beane says he discovered he couldn't teach players discipline when they hit the majors but that's bullshit because a hitter basically decides whether or not to swing before the ball has even left the hand of the pitcher which means it's absolutely something you can grind into hitters and a failure to do so represents a fundamental failure as an individual running the operations of a baseball team. "You either learn how to take a pitch or you play somewhere else" and the #1 way to do that is a prohibition on first-pitch swinging until a player demonstrates they have good judgment on when to swing. Taking the first pitch—and any subsequent pitch that wasn't "good enough"—is a fundamental philosophy of Pete Kozma. Career 20% walks, career 7% strikeouts, career .482 OBP, greatest hitter who ever lived Pete Kozma. You want to become a valuable hitter, you learn when not to swing. &gt; So yeah I'm going to be pretty damn pleased when Matt Carpenter hits a double, Peralta gets him to third, and CARDINALS RIGHT FIELDER RANDALL GRICHUK swings on a MEATBALL PITCH in a eighth inning low-leverage situation for the second consecutive game. I'm going to be frustrated when Grichuk knocks in his second homer of the night even though in 2014 and now in 2015 Grichuk tends to be more impressive than expected. &gt; But I'm also going to be fair to shitty decisionmaking hitters and recognize that the only reason Matt Carpenter didn't hit a home run was because he was conscientious of the Phillies' feelings. Opposing pitchers' feelings are bullshit and the most egregious violator is our inconsistent judgment of emotion stability. If a team wanted to build happy thoughts, fans and players alike would be in uproar because it would be a blatant move to prevent controversy. So this means the only difference between a park with a consistent set of Grichuk dingers and a park with none is the vibe of the place. A pitcher will get away with tossing meatballs more often when the Phillies are at the plate and that is the problem. It's an unjust alteration to supplement skill, or mitigates the lack thereof and thus I want to see more of them. &gt; Grichuk dingers add to the game. How could they ruin it? This is all word-for-word my thoughts, I swear.
Lynn's already seen Jaime claim to be alright, only to hurt himself further soon after. I'm comfortable with his judgement for now (although I might be the biggest Lynn fanboy of all time, next to /u/i_forgot_my_userId). He's always struck me as a silent battler, so I'm inclined to agree with you.
Bold strategy, Cotton.
I noticed he wasn't in the booth. Is he on a medical leave something?
#"RED HOT JASON HEYWARD" INDEED
#&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
Jhonny has a solution for bad baserunning!
As the oldest one-name, one-location sports team in America, it's fitting that we roll over to the Philadelphia Phillies on Father's Day.
Out of curiosity, did you ever eat a hat for Gabe's AMA?
You know the rules, and so do I.
Me too, thanks
/u/onacomputer, the Tigers are the free game of the day. I think we're due for a good old-fashioned off-day extravaganza.
The cool thing about baseball is that it appeals to all levels of fan knowledge. There are some truly dedicated baseball statisticians that live and die by the numbers. But it's also a game that you can enjoy purely at face value. I've never gotten into sabermetrics, and it hasn't affected my enjoyment of the game in the slightest. That said, it's still fascinating to read the articles of fans who do get into the nitty gritty. Enjoy the game at your pace!
Do you have a favorite story from your time in the majors?
I went the budget route and bought DDrum's Red Shot triggers, which are about $20 per drum. They work great for me, but the triggering might not hold up well for metal or double bass. I've never needed to play incredibly fast on mine, but the toms and snare have no trouble differentiating sixteenth notes. Regardless, they're MUCH much better than the Alesis triggers I was playing on before. Roland makes much nicer triggers of course, but they're $100 apiece (at least at Memphis Drum Shop).
Woohoo! I wasn't gonna say anything, since /r/WahoosTipi are a friendly bunch, but my heart was on hanging with the Kitties
I just had the most unexpected nostalgia flashback. But spot on.
Ole Miss's only real rivals are State and LSU, I think. Alabama is obviously a big weekend in the Grove, but I can say the same for just about any SEC team. Last season aside, y'all have been just too dominant in recent years to be considered a rival by any sane Ole Miss fan.
Same ^(pls don't kill me) Despite the fact that I practically live on the interstates, I hear the same farewell every time I leave my parents: "Drive safe", from Mom, and a list of counties along my route that are usually speed traps, from Dad. No idea which parent I got my ramblin' ways from.
I have a DM10. Alesis is sincerely a waste of your money. Their plastic triggers are cheap and feel crummy. It might be better if you use one of their kits with mesh heads, but I've never tried them. I'm happy that you're immediately looking for Roland or Yamaha! Buy one of those two used, if money is an issue, and you'll be infinitely happier.
What the hell are all these Cardinals fans doing in our subreddit?
I was told you guys made killer quesadillas
They were a pretty level-headed bunch when the news broke. I've sat in on a few of their GDTs, and I like 'em.
It's almost like a Pokemon name.
*Especially* with all the hacking.
#AND BIG ORANGE TEXT!
Detroit love for Marp &lt;3
I won't cheer against them for a night. There's (mostly) a kind of mutual respect behind the Cards-Cubs rivalry. Not so much against the Dodgers lately.
Much like /r/stlouiscardinals. /r/cardinalsconspiracy
Huh, that's interesting. I just found that /r/StlCardinals is public. It was set up as a redirect to /r/Cardinals way back when, but it still allows posts to be submitted.
That's why we have insurance runs!
Wow, I forgot that that decision was made specifically in Florida. Unless someone cracks, I couldn't imagine how they'd prove who did it. Subpoenaed cell phone location records? While obviously I don't wish harm on the organization, I hope they find whoever did this, confirm it was independent of upper management, and kick them to the streets. I think that's the best possible scenario for all parties.
It's a lot cheaper if you can find your own deer!
When you come across racism elsewhere, you associate it with the person. When you encounter racism in the American South, you associate it with the region. Considering the region's history and the nature of news networks, that bias might be understandable. But it makes the South out to be far worse than it is.
&gt; As an 11-year-old, I had no idea how to handle the loss of a baseball player. I’d always assumed they were immortal – at least for the time being. This article might as well have been written by me (if I could ever write so well). I was about the same age, and I still remember where I was and what I was doing when the news broke over the radio. And that quote encapsulates the sad confusion I felt. Because yes, I was sad at face value, but an 11 year old can only understand so much. The confusion came much more naturally. Losing a baseball player meant retirement, or a trade. Not this. I'm sure I've forgotten a lot about how it felt to be that age, but that moment is always going to stick with me. It was one of my earlier rites of passage, along that long, winding path of adolescence. RIP DK57.
You should probably shake it off
It might be a hardware issue. Try MapMyRun or another similar app for a week and see if you have the same problem. Runkeeper gave me an elevation of 49,000 ft once, but besides that it's been flawless for a year and a half on my Galaxy S4.
The Big Hurt. My team was always the Cardinals, but my player was Frank Thomas.
You could access their network publicly without a VPN. They allowed their employees to use the same passwords they used at a competing organization. They didn't make their employees change their password every month or two. The Astros aren't at all to blame for what these guys associated with the Cardinals did, but objectively speaking, that's poor security. And that's just what we know.
1) By not allowing public connections to their network. Use a VPN, and some guys in Jupiter FL wouldn't even be able to see a login screen. 2) Windows and the other major operating systems include a feature that forces employees to change their password after a certain length of time. That way, even if they do use an identical password, the security hole only lasts as long as the company allows it. And there should be multiple security measures in place to prevent a systems cracker to even get that far. Optionally: 3) This is partially the Cardinals' fault, for allowing an unencrypted employee password to be known. Whether it be Luhnow leaving it on a Post-It note, or a Cardinals IT man requesting it of him, admins shouldn't have access to their users' passwords to begin with.
I appreciate this joke
That signature CarMart strut.
ಠ_ಠ
A non-coffee-drinker in Memphis? We have like a billion (well, probably 3 or 4) amazing coffee shops! Otherlands is my favorite, and they even have beer and live music in the evenings. Love the vibe of that place. I actually don't drink much coffee either, although I love it. *Because* I love it. I'd be a total caffeine junkie if I allowed myself to be.
Enjoy, XB1 gamers! Don't Starve is a fantastic experience. I love the "Tim Burton scribbling in high school" aesthetic of the game.
Dude, drinking soda out of a gallon Ziploc bag sounds way more impractical and fun. I'd take the bag any day. It's a two liter that reshapes to fit any cup holder! SHE IS THE FUTURE!
That used to be the plan. [Here's The old thread!](http://www.reddit.com/r/memphis/comments/34xt5n/_/)
Drink water steadily throughout each day. Build your hydration so you have plenty of sweat on reserve to keep your body temperature regulated. Run in the really morning if you have the discipline, run at night if you have reflective clothing and light sources. Wear simple, non-cotton clothing. That's really about all you can do, in my experience. Good luck!
If you're making shit up in that last paragraph, it's made up shit I agree with. It's nice having something resembling Beltran's Arm Cannon again in right field. The way I see it, your Arm is in right, your Speed is in center, and your Other Guy is in left.
Exactly why I like Bourjos in center and Heyward in right. They're both fast on their feet, but Heyward can gun a ball into the infield.
The count may ebb and flow, as do the counts in baseball, but... Same. Same never changes.
I think the Pirate killer would be Thomas Jefferson. He ordered the smackdown on the Tripoli pirates back in the day.
This is something I'm glad to agree on.
Game 5, NLDS 2013 against the Pirates. I very rarely had the chance to see the Cardinals play as a kid, and after I graduated college and had disposable income for the first time, I was determined to see a postseason game. I bought my friend's ticket, I was so hyped for us to go. We won, and the atmosphere in the stadium was like nothing I'd ever seen before. Just incredible. My friend and I have known each other since kindergarten, growing up in a very small, nowhere town. Seeing the Cardinals advance with my friend by my side reminded me that we succeeded in our own way. We hope to make meeting at Busch a yearly tradition, postseason or not. But that first game meant a lot.
Aaron Burr, maybe?
[The Lynn King... has returned](https://i.imgur.com/4whWatl.png)
I'm pretty sure they've already stated that they'll just start with A, and run through the alphabet on a loop.
Oddly enough, Kiss. In grade school all I'd heard was Top 40 stuff, mostly the B sides of Now CDs (which weren't all bad. That's how I discovered Everclear, and The Gorillaz). My friend brought Kiss Alive IV to school, and it changed my life. I'd *never* heard music like that before. Less than a year later, I got my first drum set. And damn it, I wanted to *be* Peter Criss. It wasn't too long before I discovered Zeppelin and Bonham. But in the beginning, it was just me, my drums, and God Of Thunder playing on loop.
All meetups have been 100% kidnapping-free so far! It's hard to pull off a kidnapping when you're the only person there. I'd totally be down to watch the game with some of /r/Cardinals, except I'm rarely in the Midwest.
"CAUSE I AM THE CREAMHHHH, AND THE CREAM ALWAYS RISES TO THE TOP."
"Press Z or R twice!"
If this day would could, I could would should no other day.
#HAVE A DAY, ~~JON JAY~~ DAVE KOZMA
Derp, I forgot all about that sub
#THAT'S A LYNNER! SWEEP KOZMA!
I feel so accomplished!
And during a Lynn start! Congratulations!
Possibly. Even in college-aged kids, you see this weird mix of staunch southern apologists (the Lost Cause, War Of Northern Aggression types), and progressives who care so deeply about moving Mississippi forward that it alienates the first crowd. So you get this atmosphere of hospitality at face value, but there's always this lingering fear that someone will bite your face off if you mention politics and race issues. Mississippi is fascinating to me, as a Midwest transplant. I've been here long enough that I understand the fierce pride for the state, but I'm still able to recognize the cognitive dissonance that comes with it. Mississippi is less backward, and more just plain conflicted in my eyes.
Today's explanation for my username is that I'm intensely interested in that era of Mississippi history, and southern culture as an extension of that. Brandt Ayers? I'll add it to my reading list.
I LOVE THE REDS SUB, I JUST FEEL WEIRD COMMENTING THERE AS A CARDINALS FAN. ALL HAIL LORD PIGEON!
I wish there was more Joni Mitchell on The Last Waltz. Coyote is moving and mesmerizing.
I usually wait a week. Processing takes time. If your Burger King still haven't called, then you should be good to call them. If they don't have an answer, the person answering the phone has probably been through the same process, and can help you. "Hello, my name is K.B. Jami. I submitted a job application last Thursday, and was told to wait for a call. Do you know when I should expect one?"
There's definitely mixed feelings in my chapter. The Loving Cup has to be done with grape juice, for example, since we were a dry house. Obviously this was not popular with the alumni, who would just bring their drinks in anyway. I appreciate that the administration is thinking about what it means to be a fraternity man in the 21st century, and I strongly agree with their anti-hazing policies. But I've disagreed with many of their decisions during my undergrad and afterwards. I see Men Of Principle as unnecessary, because our moral code has already been laid out for well over 100 years.
#RALLY REINFORCEMENTS HAVE ARRIVED! I have beers from such exotic places as Austria, Belgium, and Kentucky, as well as some rally vodka for Papa Bravs. Let's do this!
Dat booty be a black hole in center field.
John "Seth Maness" Lackey
It's ridiculous. If you have a smartphone, you already have a wifi hotspot that you already pay for. It's redundant at best, and a ripoff at worst.
What do you mean? Like destroy your data plan? Because I can personally attest to that.
Interesting. I've never heard of it damaging the battery.
Lackey, of course
[WARNING: Rally Pilgrim incoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AirZDtIMTM)
Stag pls
#THANKS FOR LOOKING!
#GREAT GARCIA! A TIE BALL GAME!
*Darkest* darkest timeline Cubs.
And fall down in a nice even star pattern. Like infield synchronized swimming.
How generous of the Cards to provide us with free baseball
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
#MANESS I LOVE YOU
[Damn nice bullpen we got there](http://i.imgur.com/29arRoE.jpg)
#[GO HOME, MARP. WHY DON'T YOU GO HOME?](http://i.imgur.com/MggtMHz.jpg)
Oh God, brutal hit to Bourjos' head. Please be okay!
I'm happy for the win, but goddamn am I worried about Bourjos. Gotta recognize Garcia though! Welcome to The Show!
Heya Seattle! As much as it pains me to root against Pujols and Freese, mind if I watch with you guys? The Cards game is over, and I need more baseball in my life.
She's mentioned that before. You're the bot-killer, right? I reported one in /r/Mariners a while back
I swear like a sailor, and cry like a mid-2000s Hawthorne Heights fangirl. I'll do my best.
Seat grabbed! I work in Seattle a few weeks out of the year, so I know how it goes. Espresso stands on every corner, you guys are living the dream
They actually might've been just a Midwest thing. They were/are a melodramatic screamo band that was popular in my high school. Thus the whole crying thing
I think it was some combination of drugs? It's been a while since I've thought about Hawthorne Heights haha
Damn. Would've loved to have seen some insurance runs out of that.
Blinked and that inning was over!
#ROBINSON CANO-DOUBTER!
This link has been purple on my computer since the beginning of time, it feels like. Truly, the best of the worst of the best of the 80s.
So what's the thing with Toto in /r/Mariners? Not that I'm complaining...
Fuck Mike Trout ^(am i doing this right?)
Fuck fucking Mike fucking fucker fucking Trout right in his fucking fuckhead face! That was kinda cathartic.
#GOT HEEEEEEM
Albert &lt;/3
Alright. It comes down to three finals out. Get 'em, boys.
That I have not. We have our heart attack-inducing closer. Is that what's about to go down here?
I don't even know who he is, and I'm scared for the coming of FRE. What does it mean!?
Mmmm, felt the breeze on that whiff all the way in the Midwest
#I'VE WITNESSED THE ARROW! Well played, SeattleBros. Thanks for having me!
"Kinda weird" is my kind of baseball. Until our paths cross on the field, I don't mind pulling for the Mariners.
It's crazy, there's so much Cardinals hate there, and yet I can't help but to like /r/CHICubs. Even with the salt, they can be pretty entertaining
Aaaaaaaand now I'm sad.
Have you seen Matheny's grin about Garcia's homer in the post-game interview? Makes me giddy.
#GOT HEEEEEEEM
For what it's worth (and I understand that that may not be much) listen to our radio crew instead. Mike Shannon and John Rooney are so much better than our TV team. Rooney should be a familiar voice in Chicago, even if it may not be the neighborhood you were hoping for.
I'll be really interested to see what comes of Heyward after this season. If he maintains his June numbers I'd love to hang onto him. But he has a high enough ceiling that he could go anywhere he wants to, including the Cubs.
[Gee Eye Joooooooooooooooooooeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxaDi3InKEo)
After my selfless consumption of rally beers pushed the Cards to a win last night, I found myself in /r/Mariners. Of course, they needed a rally too. And then /r/ColoradoRockies. So... slow start this morning.
It was an amazing night of baseball! Thanks for vouching for me. They keep a tight door policy over there haha
My buddy gave me his Gamecom Commander because he "didn't like how it looked on his head". I'd never pay that much for a headset, but it *is* nice.
I hope Holliday is judging the hell out of Wong's weak takeout slide. "Give it a few more weeks, son. I'll show you how it's done."
Sexy Wong D holds the Cubbies to 1 run!
Alright, time to bust out the rally wódka!
We're getting bailed out by some damn good defense so far.
Maddon looks like a Rolling Stone writer who is applying his 70s tastes to modern indie rock. I swear I had more to this groundbreaking analysis, but I'd hate to show up the Fox Network guys.
#HOLY SHIT THE DEFENSE AND THE DOUBLE TOOTBLAN WHAT DOES IT MEAN
#THE MOLINA TRAIN CHUGS SLLLLOOOOOOWWWWWLLLLLLYYYYYY INTO HOME
Truth. I put them in the same category as a lot of Mississippi State fans: Ag schools with a serious inferiority complex. Their whole identity is based around "I'm not UT/Ole Miss".
The baseball gods help those who help themselves! Atta kid, Wacha!
Next commercial break, we have "YMCA" cued up! Followed by Slipknot's "Before I Forget"! Then the Benny Goodman classic, "Sing, Sing, Sing" for the top of the 6th!
Tonight, I'm going to wake in a cold sweat to a nightmare that I can't remember. The only thing I will recall is a disembodied "STRIIIIEEEEKE!" echoing around the room.
#MARP IN THE CLUTCH! #BENCH CARPENTER!
Pulled from my current playlist! Gene Krupa was a drumming machine on those Goodman songs.
I went to a Mississippi Braves game a few weeks ago, and the sense of conflict was real. Pretty awesome that they have gluten-free options, though! Can't claim the same in Mississippi.
&gt; NL Central droughts &gt; Any child born in St. Louis who lived beyond 25 has seen a World Series win &gt; Gotta be tough to be a Cubs fan Fox just driving that stake deeper.
mfw
That kind of bums me out, honestly. My grandpa is a diehard White Sox fan, and he waited his whole life to see them finally win a World Series in 2005. To live your entire life without seeing your team win it all is such a downer. NOT LIKE I'M SOME CUBS SYMPATHIZER OR SOMETHING. STOP LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT.
Damn, that's quite a welt.
&gt; Heyward streaking the bases ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"lol I'm just a Chrysler with different plastic"
/r/CHICubs is so much better. Although understandably they're pretty salty right now.
Whenever I see "Wood" on the back of a Cubs pitcher, there's still a little stab of fear in me. It feels entirely irrational, in this case.
&gt; [Some might say Cardinal Red. Been that kind of night](http://i.imgur.com/4YfrN.jpg)
That's an intense Facebook count, Mama Cat! Love the theme!
Can confirm. Granted, it's tough to get a good broadcast team for a national audience, but Fox is so incredibly underwhelming.
Well I'm glad y'all are here! /r/MotorCityKitties is my (second) favorite baseball subreddit.
I only drink one bottle of American Honey a year, for one of my buddies. But it is so delicious. I've never cared for regular old Wild Turkey, but their American Honey is so good.
Stupid sexy Bourjos. It's like wearing nothing at all.
11/22/63 is such a fantastic read, for those of you who haven't read it. It's Stephen King in truly classic form.
#SCRUGGLEBUS AIN'T GOT NO BRAKES
Eh, I'm with you. Especially this week in the south, I'd rather be anywhere else than Facebook.
Their whispery ads are so creepy.
Where are the Kitties tonight? I've seen a couple, but I selfishly want more.
Flair up, Kitty!
Me too, thanks
A poorly translated version of Villanueva caught on
I like you, /u/flagamuffin, but I gotta have a giggle at this one. It's just ridiculous enough to entertain me.
Well how do you feel about irl kitties?
I felt contractually obligated to dislike the Cubbies, due to growing up in a split White Sox Cardinals household. They're definitely a more meaningful win, but their long dry streak makes me a little sad.
Probably /r/Tardinals.
I like you! Stick around!
So fine.
#KOZMA SIGHTING
Everyone knows Leonard from Community is where it's at
Mmm, that Gibby love
#GOT HEEEEEEEM
It's like we're wearing nothing at all!
&lt;3 loved that team. "Great Scott!"
Hahahahahaha perfect. Every time I get one of those unlimited mushrooms, I call it a Toadgasm. For obvious reasons.
Damn what a sexy snag in left!
Respect where respect is due, that was some great fielding.
Are the matte red helmets new? I really like them, along with the Pirates' matte black.
That's a really cool look. Definitely shakes things up.
We still have 1/3 of the game to battle back! How's the D'back's bullpen this year?
I want the hell out of that Star Wars bobblehead.
:( Oh my.
So much fun. The story alone is worth the money.
Am drunk. AMA.
Guilty. I'm literally the worst.
Vice City was my favorite. I finished IV, but V was definitely my second favorite finished story. But I'm an 80s junkie.
How do you feel about Toto's seminal hit, "Africa"?
Oh ouch. Ouch.
Lana... Lana... LANA. LAAAANNNNAAAAA! ... Danger Zone.
[mfw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-YQmuUVpzY) :(
1860
MLB.tv's feed is up! #IT'S HAPPENING
I'm... ehem... I'm in Ireland. In reality, I have an Amazon AWS server in Ireland that I run my MLB.tv login through. I'm a nerd like that.
That catch literally dropped my jaw.
I got smammered on vodka last night, so I'm watching this one with ginger ale.
Ugh, two full count walks. Tough it out, Carlos, you got this.
no u
I suppose I still have the bottom of the bottle left...
With hail on the side. "Hail? No thanks, I prefer my drinks neat."
Very relevant to my Memphis!
Congrats to /u/pecaust, winner of the numbers game! They guessed 444, and my number was 434.
Just wanted to see y'all sweat!
Oh my God, there's a legit hook echo over St. Louis. This could be very, very bad.
A convenient tornado shelter! It'll be delivered tomorrow. ^^^and ^^^Gold
KMOV just showed a picture of ping pong ball sized hail. That's pretty intense.
Seconds From Disaster
Bowling For Soup are just as fun off-stage as you'd like to imagine. Just a bunch of goofy, laid back Texas boys. I've also partied with Shepard Smith at his condo after a couple Ole Miss games. He's really approachable, but still intimidating to talk sports with because he's such an intense Ole Miss fan.
MLB.tv is back up! Holy hell that video of lightning outside the stadium was amazing.
/r/MLBStreams might help you out. I have a server in Ireland that I use to get around the blackout.
#YADI! What a beautiful swing.
#NO STRUGGLES, ALL SCRUGGLES
I'd rather go without it
At 11:17 tonight
As Alan Jackson said, it's 11:17 somewhere
#HOT DAMN THAT BALL WAS SMOKED!
I know we're currently winning and have the best record, but ESPN's Cardinal lovefest bothers me.
Yuck, swinging at the same bad pitch 3 times.
Yeah... I'm not getting into that. On the plus side, it's not a very popular comment.
What's first base?
Haha I was just thinking about that
#MY MATH WAS OFF BY 13 MINUTES, AND I AIN'T EVEN MAD
I said 11:17. So close, yet so far!
It's the Cardinals' Defense Against The Dark Arts position.
Mike Shannon dropped by during the delay with a cooler full of frosty ones.
&lt;3 I love /r/CHICubs, but I usually don't speak up for obvious reasons. Thanks for being cool! EDIT: And I love your sidebar. Especially Vader.
I hate ketchup by itself, but mayo + ketchup is amazing on fries.
[This game](http://i.imgur.com/R0wVUPS.jpg)
AutoZone, I love you because Memphis and stuff, but I do not like your K-Zone.
&gt; ["There's a lot of cluelessness in this booth" THEY'RE BECOMING SELF AWARE ](https://np.reddit.com/r/CHICubs/comments/3bfswz/gdt_628_cubs_3934_cardinals_5024_705_pm_ct/csm3bdd) From /r/CHICubs. I got a pretty good laugh out of that.
For sure. Just feeling cheeky.
Rosenthal is a pretty effective closer, but he's been letting a lot of people on base this season. So it's possible. I bet he allows one run.
Heh. 1859 comments.
#SWEEPS ARE HARD #RALLY TORNADO What a wild game. Marp didn't break his slump at 11:17 like I predicted, but the team was a doubles machine! Now if you don't mind, I'm going to sleep so hard.
I love the Buccos, and I love this thread.
I can't deal with an off day immediately after a game like last night's. I need more baseball! I need more doubles!
It was a win-win. Shelby seems to have needed a change of scenery to flourish, and Heyward is warming up after a slow start this season. That sliding catch before the rain delay yesterday was superhuman. And personality-wise, he fits right into the apparent clubhouse atmosphere. That's a big benefit that doesn't show up on stat sheets, and a benefit that Miller clearly didn't have going for him.
This is how the rest of the NL Central envisions all games at Busch.
You're in for a treat! Both Stand By Me and Shawshank are novellas in the same book, Different Seasons. Stand By Me is based on "The Body". The Green Mile was my first King book, and I didn't see the movie until a decade later, so nostalgia colors my opinion too much. I do feel like Stand By Me is better than the book, although it's close.
As a small-time musician, thanks for supporting your favorite band instead of streaming or pirating. Which band?
Very cool. Metal is a genre where I can listen and think, "holy shit, the musicianship is out of this world", and still not get much out of it. I'll give them a listen tonight, though. Any recommended starting point?
I'll PM. I'm kind of weird about reddit anonymity.
It's a luv story, bb just say yes
Anyone see [this](https://i.imgur.com/dBmwwfP.jpg) awesome shot of the Arch during Thursday's storms? It's sitting at the top of /r/CityPorn right now.
For convenience, because it is a pretty cool link: [Facebook link](https://m.facebook.com/?_rdr#!/story.php?story_fbid=10153697621586840&amp;substory_index=0&amp;id=38596231839) [Imgur mirror](http://imgur.com/z9g7tuq) &gt; These photos of Charles Lindbergh and Rogers Hornsby are part of the Cardinals Museum collection. In June of 1927, fresh from his historic solo flight across the Atlantic, Charles Lindbergh presented the 1926 World Championship rings to the players. Hornsby received his first, as manager of the 1926 Cardinals, even though he had been traded to the Giants during the offseason. ‪
If I had to guess, I think that he said that he hopes to return by October as something of a personal challenge to himself. You have to find your motivation somewhere. Even if Waino sincerely believes it, I doubt that the team would allow him to take the field again in 2015. For all the reasons you stated, and because they won't want to rush his recovery.
There's a group in /r/baseball that will find the lowest hanging punchline about your team, and endlessly use it as reason to belittle comments there. Before hacking, it was BFIB. And after hacking, it'll be something else. It's not unique to the Cardinals, but we're obviously one of the bigger targets. It's not a bad community, all in all, but there's a toxic baseline buried there.
I feel the exact same way. /r/Cardinals is my safe haven. /r/baseball is the post-apocalyptic wasteland that I must occasionally brave to catch up on everyone else (in broad strokes). The individual team subs are usually much better, but my front page would be a mess if I subscribed to all of them.
Practice, practice, practice. Don't practice until you can get it right a few times in a row, *practice until you can't get it wrong.* You'll feel much more confident, and much more relaxed. The nerves will still be there, but after enough shows and practice you'll learn how to ride them, and even enjoy them! Edit: before the show, warm up with a quiet practice pad, or an old pillow. The other musicians shouldn't be walking onto the stage cold, so why should drums? I'd actually recommend against drinking or smoking before taking the stage. I find it distracting, and it gets me inside my own head instead of the music.
Wow, fuck off dude. Anyway. Just stopped by /r/whiteSox to wish you guys luck in our games together this coming month. I grew up in a split Sox/Cards house, so this series is always special to me. Drop by /r/Cardinals for our GDT if you like! We're talkative and a little weird, but a lot more welcoming than this troll.
Weird, thanks. The text was showing up as "Cardinals" on my Reddit Sync app, for some reason.
[Furious banjo intro] ----------------- A seven-hilled city in Mississip' is where Lancelot earned his name In a land that worships football most, he threw fastballs just the same He conquered Indiana, in the year twenty-oh and five But it took a detour to the South for his fastball to come alive For betwixt the hills of Oxford, in the middle of the night He came across a crossroads, lit by fiery lantern light He was beckoned by a stranger, who appeared to be quite alone "Sit here, boy, and chat a while, and rest those weary bones!" ------------------------ [Furious banjo is now quite furious] ------------------------------- Lance was born his mama's son, now how could he refuse? With such southern hospitality, what was there to lose? The stranger asked about his dreams, what he wanted most of all "Well sir," Lynn said, "all I want, is to throw a good fastball." "Tell you what son, you're in luck, I've a fastball that is nice, But like all things that come in life, it's delivered with a price. Sign the dotted line, and in St. Louis you will stay." And with that Chris Carpenter sent Lanc'lot on his way. -------------------------------- [Furious banjo is now livid, a boiling whirlwind of strings and skins, you hear distant traces of Stairway To Heaven's guitar solo, and the faint sound of an ASCAP lawsuit being issued]
/u/Michael__Pemulis usually has some solid podcast recommendations
Literally the only key I know (terribly) on mandolin! I'll give it a whirl.
The cadence is shamelessly broken. I got a few lines in and thought, "whatever, creative license and stuff". Unless you meant the story, because of course it's all true.
