Ethanol is the alcohol in alcoholic beverages, so yes. Don't drink E-85 though, the mixer tastes like gasoline...
Gives new meaning to "raising" an alert.
Getting my cock into the pit is really easy if you know what I mean. But then the flight Marshall tackled me to the ground and wrestled me back to my seat. As he threw me to my seat he said "Wat teh fuckbags is r0ng wIt u?!?!?". I then confidently turn my head to him and reply "Well why else would they call it a cockpit.". The 92 year old man next to me very slowly turns his head to me having the most stunned expression I've ever seen in a person in my entire life. As he looks at me a single tear runs down his face and he chokes the words "You made me believe again.". Immediately the plane flies into space to return to its home planet. P.S. We die on the way back because this woman managed to get her hands on a can of soda and blew up the plane. The End Stay tuned for for the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
You know.... Part of your dating problem might be your approach. You aren't supposed to literally hang your pole out until one grabs it.
Behind their back or to their face.
I drove a '69 VW camper all over SF. Through Chinatown, up and down Lombard, Fillmore, you name it. You get pretty good pretty quick. Helps that I learned stick by driving it home from where we bought it in Berkeley to Daly City in mid-afternoon traffic.
In GTA terms, this is normal.
Like roommates you sometimes snuggle with, but they never help with the bills.
Mmmmmm toffeeee.
Sort of.
I did say that no one tree is that old.
When you think only women and people of color can be victims of racism/sexism, you're sexist/racist.
&gt;When women and people of colour are telling you you're being racist and/or sexist...
Because they make generalizations on "the rest of Reddit."
I think YouTube should make it policy to never put ads before that vid. Just ruins the whole thing.
Nonono. You get 20 guys to come rip up their yard, then they'll stand around pointing at things and shielding their eyes from the sun for two weeks. Then they'll halt work for three months for an environmental review, then scrap the whole project due to cost overruns and someone will just build a Kohl's there instead.
-1 for creeping +12 for finding the best possible buried treasure. Heheheh
Or, possibly, it could show both groups that neither group is bad as a whole, and both can be victimized.
Duuuudde.... You saw that too? We're like, mind melded!
&gt;smush mitten Olympics I don't believe I've heard that term before. Is this some sort of lesbian initiation ritual?
....the horrible scars have cleared up, my life is 100% better!
Yup. Mmm-hmm. I'd get deathly in her hallows, or something.
Speed bag with shaker insert. Send me a T-shirt when you're rich.
New cars. All my cars are / have been less than the downpayment on a new car, and they were all awesome old VWs.
Sort of true, sort of not.
Rent. Bills. Cars. Tools. Professional electronics. Travel expenses. Investment purchases. Things that are necessities or actually worth $350.
I generally don't spend even close to that on single frivolous items. Sure, I've spent many times that on frivolous items over time, but at least in individual servings it was a lot closer to the reasonable value of the item. I'd also take the blame if my own laziness caused the loss of a valued item. Also, if you can't afford to lose a $350 pair of pants, you can't afford a $350 pair of pants.
A bit...?
A Ferrari is a lot different than a Toyota (Though also quite frivolous). A $350 pair of jeans is not 14 times better engineered than a decent $25 pair of jeans. Hell, damn things can't even handle the dryer. An original Picasso is a one-off work of art, the jeans just have a fancy tag on them. Trust me. I work with mechanical things. I know quality is worth paying for. It's a constant battle to find well manufactured parts. I also know that the more expensive option isn't always the better quality. In general, I don't believe in the while "image is everything" aspects of of our culture.
It's whoever "the other people" like at any given moment.
So....she should go to lady jail?
Wat?
Out extreme? No, nobody "out extremes" Fox News. They are the original cable "News" station created explicitly to promote an agenda. All the others are just riding their coat tails. It was more a joke than an actual belief. Just pointing out a classic case of "Whataboutism" that I see any time someone besmirches Fox. Just because "the other side" does it too, doesn't make either "side" right in doing so.
Thanks Freud. But seriously, I'm just cold and my arms are tired from working all day. I wouldn't mind some conversation. Conversely, if I'm sitting all splayed out, there's a good chance I'm just comfortable and would rather you leave me alone for now.
Given the choice between a black crackhead and you, I'd take the crackhead. At least he's got an excuse for being a shitbag.
Do they complain about/fear Mexicans? You didn't specify.
Relax. It's a joke.
Or captured into a degrading orbit until you hit the horizon or are ripped apart by the high energy particles forming the cloud around it.
I know how orbits work. Source: way too much Kerbal. In star wars fictional tech, hyperspace is an extradimensional mode of travel. It doesn't break the law of *c* because they are traveling through warped spacetime at less than relativistic velocities. Hence when they are pulled out of hyperspace by the gravity of a massive black hole, they are susceptible to capture if close enough. Think of it like you suddenly appeared next to a large celestial body traveling at less than escape velocity. You'd be captured and thrown into an orbit consistent with your given velocity.
Bear was only trying to show him a stoney time at the mountain!
This thread is full of people who can't accept/comprehend that there are multiple reasons for everything, and every situation is different. Society is complex.
Driving a truck on the AlCan in the sixties was dangerous and sometimes brutal work.
I'd buy it.
It'll probably get more dates though.
And then your wife will throw her titties in the officers hands.
It was a TIFU a couple days ago. Kid born in '98 got an iPod touch and thought him and his little buddy were cool "men." So their online handle in Runescape or something was "itouchmen98."
Why were you in such a rush to name them?
Beat me to the pun. I bet with your quick wit you'd be able to trick someone into painting a fence for you.
Pretty sure the Irish skew this. They all die from booze, but have eleventeen kids first.
No. Just no. He does a 90 into the flips and finishes the other 90 at the end to land it. Quad flip 180.
I hooked up with a girl years ago that I called "Coconuts". Her friends thought it was a silly nickname, but it was really because she could crack coconuts with her kegalklamps.
Pretty sure that was the joke that went over everyone's head.
You heard the mushmouth to? Sounds like she was trying to talk with a wad of Bubblicious between her molars on both sides.
He shoulda shot first.
You can also toss it in a pile and use it as filler if you ever start tig welding thin steel. Source: decent mig welder who just got a tig yesterday and was up all night watching YouTube tutorials.
I see a few good ones. But only because I ate all the acid and mushrooms and can now literally "see" reasons... When is Shpongle on?
So a series of guys named Murphy walking onstage playing the pipes then getting boots to the chest? I'm in.
Hi A. Vegan! I'm Dad!
Rammstein was definitely the highlight. Teenage me was in angsty heaven.
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in Mic jack.
Did you just slip into JarJar for a second?
Ah, Ol' Muphry's Law!
Haha, Lana, I know what irony is. But language evolves over time. :automatic weapons fire: *Goddammit Archer! Now is NOT the time for a debate on language semantics!*
Ha! Many experienced TIG guys have said I'm starting on the hardest thing, and my limited experience has already showed me it's true. Steel pools nicely and is relatively forgiving of temperature and speed. Aluminum sucks that heat up and if you aren't perfect, the puddle quickly gets out of control or craters to Hell and back. Butt welds aren't that bad, but inside corners can be a bear to start a clean bead on. Again, I've been at it a week, so my technique is far from refined. I'm sure with a little practice on steel will do wonders for my mechanics.
Alcohol dependance is a huge problem. And dangerous. A guy I know just had two massive seizures after trying to cut out the booze. It's one of the only drugs where the withdrawal alone can kill.
You and I go to different random parties...
If it makes you feel any better, I personally hate cocaine.
Shit's gotta be like 300-400 pounds.
I know your inbox is flooding, but gotta relate my mechanic story. I worked at an old VW shop for five years. Awesome place, great stories, no shortage of interesting people. The boss is a super cool dude, but gets a bit flustered when stressed. My coworker (just three guys in the whole place) was a wacky dude and a decent mech, but didn't have confidence, so I was always helping him. After too many times getting bitched at for something taking longer than expected because I was busy helping him or something, I snapped. I was in the middle of an early smoke break, because I was in the middle of a big job and just wanted to get a smoke in so I could focus on finishing the job before lunch. Had the entire front end disassembled in a half hour and was actually really enjoying the job (lift kit install, fun stuff). Boss saw me smoking and launched into a tirade about how he just paid coworker two days to fix one of my fuckups and was now paying me to smoke (new engine "overheating," I told him before we shipped it that the new temp sensor was reading high as they all did, we even stocked resistors just to compensate for this, but he just said ship it. But no he paid dude for two days to do all sorts of things to bring temps down before just swapping out the sensor for a good used one). Anywhoooo, he wanted the job done. I walked inside, packed up my tools and wheeled my box down the street saying "well, gonna take longer now...." I did it to maintain the friendship I had with him. He's a bro, and I could feel the work relationship straining the friendship. We're all cool now, and I still stop by on Friday nights for beers and bitching, so it worked.
And who are you to say trees don't have a consciousness? I don't mean that in a purely hippie woo-woo way, but in the way that consciousness is ill-defined and a very contentious subject at best.
I've been witness to it making all manner of car run like shit or at least inefficiently. Not like I've been a mechanic for the better part of a decade or anything...
Yes, many modern EFIs can handle it by compensating via variable timing and mixture. But it still results in decreased efficiency, both via inherently less energy and volume replacement by water absorption. Your friend's Audi probably had a well sealed gas tank, and you may live in a fairly dry climate. Here in OR, even the best sealed gas tanks are moot, because the gas is already water contaminated straight out of the pumps due to the amount of ambient moisture. I've personally seen it demonstrated.
Fox owes their fortune to the Simpsons.
Like?
Thirtysomething.
Hmm. My buddy has three and a decent staff. Supports more than a couple adults. Another buddy has one and has made so much he moved into a brick and mortar kitchen and just has a cadre of college kids working the truck now. I refuse to believe that I know over one fifth of the successful food truckers in America...
I'm not at all saying it is guaranteed success, as, once again, foodservice is a risky business. I'm actually usually the one here throwing a dose of reality at potential food truckers. I said passion is a requirement for success, not a guarantee of it. I just found your statement about successful food trucks being "single digits" to be a bit overblown. They may just be in a place to lead the market in their area. I don't know the area, but while an established food truck scene can help new trucks, it can also hurt through competition and saturation. Again, I don't know the details of their demographic. My buddy with multiple carts and trucks was a kid right out of college (not for cooking) and decided to jump into it. He had help getting started from friends and family (Building his first truck actually started the business I'm a part of now.) Source: Worked in kitchens and on food trucks, built more than 10 trucks/carts and maintain working and friendly relationships with all manner of foodies, live in a hotbed of food truck culture.
La Fours!
Da Rude
I wanted Jane. :P
Sex isn't a set thing where you touch boobs, then the peepees and hoohoos, then mouths to peepees and hoohoos, then finally peepees to hoohoos. No. Sometimes you just gotta stuff your face in some labia mid bonk. What guy doesn't think it's hot when a girl pulls it out for some old fashioned shaft slurping? You must be a bore in the sack.
I'm saying I have lots of experience flying headfirst into the ground, snow or not. Y'all are just a bunch of weenies.
Says "GimmeCandyandCuddles." Stay away from my kids... (Edit: that's a joke. Sarcasm. Haha. Thought it was obvious enough.) But seriously, it's true. Anything a guy does with little kids is "suspicious" but gaggles of women can basically grope them and it's just "motherly."
While I agree with the sentiment, no, just no. That place is a shithole of the same kind as the "feminist" places on tumblr they hate so much.
Wat?
They "knew" the sister, but it sounds like OP is the more trustworthy one here. Maybe less paranoia is a good thing. The world is safer than ever and yet we continually shelter kids more and more and constantly assume the worst.
"Insisted his mom stay...." the poster I was responding to implied that it would have been ok had a woman been there. Holy crap, when I was a kid my babysitters would leave us for a minute with a friend or BF or whatever sometimes. No molesting happened. Most people are generally good people. Kids are safer now than ever before.
Joke=over your head....
Don't mind if I do. First, though, Chris, what the fuck are you doing with my niece. Get the fuck out of my campsite you sick bastard.
I understand. Imagine a group of guys looking at a picture of a naked little girl like "omg! Look at the cute little labia! She's gonna be a maneater some day!"
For a few minutes? Kid breaks an arm, you take them to a hospital. Mom can wait ten minutes to find out. I've watched kids for a few minutes. Nobody died or freaked out. Usually I just make a new friend.
Oooooo, stranger danger! Back to the old "kids are much, much more likely to be hurt by known adults and relatives than *scary strangers*" truth...
Hashtag thatsthejoke.org
Something something broken arms something jolly rancher something steel memes.
That's length, not degree of fuckup.
I've actually never done salvia. But I'm quite familiar with it. All the out of body experiences I've had have involved MDMA, MDA, 2CB, and the catalyst nitrous oxide. Saw my body floating in space getting massaged by two warm waterfalls, that were actually my ex's hands. Turned into my friend and saw myself drooling on the couch across from him, then the cat informed me that we were all the same being experiencing the universe from different perspectives. Watched the world swirl away into blowing sand and turn into me and the girl of my dreams only to have us smash together and fling my hand perfectly into intercepting the bong being handed to me while she slept peacefully in my lap....
With Dave playing the white guy and Charlie Murphy as BB.
Yes, sandwiches can be like a drug a too. Food addiction is a thing. People do overindulged in eating for the serotonin response. That's one of the big causes of obesity. Yes, people do have sexual withdrawal. Never seen somebody get irritable or irrational after a "dry spell?" People do damage themselves and others through consensual mutual pleasure sometimes. And lastly, you're right. Just about anything can be abused and overindulged in. But that's more of an argument against the scapegoating of drugs than the realities of sex.
And nowhere did I advocate for complete abstinence. I myself partake in drugs, sex, porn, and masturbation. But like you both said, just about anything can be overindulged in. I picked up on the drug example because it's something well known to be abused.
More like meth, booze n heroin. The Kesey Kids spange and sell things.
I'm not a kid anymore, but have always been a fan of music from before my time (in addition to modern music). I could have been in "le wrong generation" if that was a thing in my time. I hear this hate for le wrong generation and think that people don't get where the sentiment comes from. It's less "music today sucks, uggg" and more "I have a preference older music, and wish I could have experienced it in it's time with like minded peers. I think I would enjoy that more than the big show everyone is going to this weekend." Unfortunately, they're teenagers so the best they can articulate it is often, yes, "music today sucks, ugggg." But in all honesty, they are perfectly welcome to enjoy whatever music they want. And musical tastes change and evolve. Heck, I used to hate eighties music, now it brings happy nostalgia. I wouldn't be caught dead listening to Fleetwood Mac in high school, now Stevie can bring me to tears.
Once you go white, you go "Meh, I've had better."
Name that looks like a Welsh village, hitting on sheep.... I'm convinced.
Normally, yes. But in this application, the tremie pipe is parallel to foreshaft on the grammeters, so you need to transduce the friction through a hemispherical obtusion.
So you don't not want to not have anal sex? Or you do not not want to have anal sex? I'm confused.
Started running around with younger guys and pulled a shotgun on me for finding her suggestive MySpace messages with one of them. Said I ruined her trust in me. This was after four years of her not having any friends besides me. I tried to help her make some friends, but she was too bipolar or whatever to maintain any other relationships (our relationship was 50% me trying to calm her down from the latest end of the world. When she started hanging out with the other guys, she started saying *I* had kept her from making friends, and she had left all her friends for me, because she could only be friends with guys. Then finally admitted that she was fucking all her friends when we met, and liked me enough to stop for a few years. Yeah, that's why she could only be friends with guys. Her vagina did all the work.
Drrrr drrrr drrr, of course.
Whole half whole whole half whole whole, for us depressed folks.
[Nostalgia!](https://youtu.be/2DDbJzDAZUU)
It was a very different time. If they couldn't outright prevent blacks and other "undesirables" from voting, they could do the same in practice by giving them criminal records.
I'm a skateboard riding white American. Not fat, hate dew, Whole Foods sucks, live in an upscale neighborhood but broke af, where do I fit in? ....oh yeah, nowhere. That's probably why I'm on Reddit right now.
Meh, I'd have agreed a few years ago, but since moving to a warmer climate, I find 85 to be about perfect. Unless it's in the South. Then 85 feels like a jello filled oven. Over 100 is where shit gets lame, unless there's a cool river nearby. Then it's perfect again.
Yup. Phosgene. Nasty stuff. You're correct that it's not true mustard gas, but as you said, it was used in WWI alongside it and is much closer to it than chloramine (in practice, to the layman, not the molecule itself)
Maybe? I'm not sure what the compound is in some brake cleaners that reacts with high heat to form phosgene. I just know it happens. Most people use acetone as a cleaner/degreaser for welding, as it evaporates cleanly and doesn't melt your brain.
And newer Passats need the whole front clip removed to do just about anything.
How does one pronounce that?
So he's a bear?
Blaaaarrrrrggccgcfcxhhhhhgghhh
That was one of the first things my mom told me when I started going a little hippy and bought some.
I know. Bronners peppermint, eucalyptus, and tea tree all burn a bit. You get used to it though.
People laugh, but shit, I'd trade all the bad sex I had in my teens and twenties for a place on the quidditch team and a chance with grown-up Luna.
I know this. They even have the same stamp as the other companies that use the wood. But the company picks the shape and quality of the pressings. There is absolutely a difference between wood from different manufacturers and the companies that buy it. I feel like workshops get a lot of center pressings.
Buncha rumps here. And a tri-tip and Wellington. Few butts. And a few people have shown me their bums. I just like palindromes.
Sex can go on forever for guys too. Many times have I "finished," only to go back down to munch town or whatever for a few, then back to the old giggity goo...
I see you've been to WJ park in Eugene. Source: smoking there right now with hippies and homeless people.
Always. I mean, the ego is the only thing "big" about them.
What do you get when you mix a straight guy and a straight girl? Kids. Badump-tisssss. Yeah, I think it needs some polishing.
Muh rights!
Printers have always amazed me. The resolution possible with little blubs of ink and some janky looking belt and roller mechanism is crazy.
Dude. Try swimming up a rushing river. Ain't gonna happen. Then watch a trout dart up it faster than you could ever swim in still water. Fish are perfectly built for the environment.
The opposite. I specifically said it was a useful emotion.
Anyone who isn't dead, or from another plane of existence would do well to cover their ears right....about..........now.
That's insulting to dicks. Just call him a Putin.
I doubt he cares what we call him.
Off topic, but do you hate Muslims, or are you a hater that is Muslim?
I know a few gay guys that get frustrated by a lack of "manly" men in their dating pool. One of my buddies said almost the same thing as you before moving to a bigger city with more options. "I'm gay. I want to date a *guy*." I'd have hooked some up with each other, but they were all really different people other than that.
Never been to a psych lecture. I do enjoy a good open-mouth-insert-foot-ing, so yes, I do come here in part for that.
Sounds like a bad translation of an opening monologue. I'll allow it.
I have no idea what anyone is saying in this comment chain.
Anxiety and depression are complex illnesses. Yes, you do need to face them to overcome them. No it's not as simple as that in most cases. You say you've seen it first hand? Expound upon that. Many times, depressed people do a great job of pretending to not be depressed. If I had a nickel for every time someone has commented on how happy and carefree I am, I might be able to afford some actual treatment...
Shoopy doop. Shoopy doopy shoopy doop.
There's this thing called "self deprecating humor."
Guy I used to work for said he "built the trailer" another employee built because he roughed out the print and cut the stock for the frame. This was in regards to him berating the employee about "slacking." I just said "yeah, and elves came in the night, laid about 400 welds and ground them smooth." Yeah... I don't work there anymore.
*I like gifts under a nice fir....stockings hung above the fire.... Duh-nuh!* *Yuletide greetings for mankiiind...Cookies, cider and mulled wine.... Duh-nuh...nuh nuh nuh nuuuuhhh!*
That was more like the First Order trying to out do the Empire. I'm just glad Abrams took the hint about lens flare.
I'm sorry...you were saying? I was lost in those eyes and freckles.
I don't agree with you, but she is still a very beautiful woman. The singing helps too.
Yeah, my main problem with it was the lengths it went for "realism." Realistic/near future scifi is a very hard genre to get right. It's hard to suspend disbelief when it attempts to stay somewhat grounded in current reality. That and the whole surfing the edge of a black hole thing.
Dammit dad! I told you never to bother me when I'm taking over the Galaxy! Gramps was sooo much cooler than you!
I think they just taste like the tenderest, tiniest, delicate little chicken wings. Only ever had them at a local Chinese place, but could eat a million of them.
I... Well...... Um..... ...Ow.
Reddit!
I always used cheapo [Dual](https://www.amazon.com/Dual-LU43PW-Indoor-Outdoor-Speakers/dp/B000A5S926)indoor/outdoor speakers. They do the job just fine.
I've seen my 40 y/o BIL throw a micro fit because In N Out had a "no vaping" sign, using the same phrase, so I believe it.
To play not-a-douche here, nobody wants your cloud in their face. I smoke, and I try my best to keep it to my self. I stay downwind from others I don't know, or know don't like it, keep it away from kids. I just ask the same of vapers, and they don't even need to go as far. Yes, it's not as nasty as cig smoke. No, that doesn't make it ok to blast in people's faces.
Yeah, she hid them for about a month. I was just dumb and played along for four years.
And you completely misunderstood his comment. Pot, kettle, black.
Do you drive? Always take tickets to court if you can take the time to do so. If it's not a blatant act of criminal recklessness, you don't have a "history," and you are respectful and remorseful, they are 95% likely to lower the fine or give you a traffic school option. That's, like, Tickets 101.
It's high desert. At ~4000', it gets cold in the winter, but is like inland SoCal in the summer. Beautiful views of the Three Sisters year round, half hour drive to the mountains themselves.
Just gotta start tracing. Got power at the genny? At the box? Breakers tripped? Main breaker at genny tripped?
That's G. OBER!
I'd grab a real meter, for one, but yeah, it's possible for the alternator to fail. Less likely than a bad connection somewhere though. Check for power at the output of the genset itself, preferably pre-breaker if at all possible.
Wear pads if you gotta, and work your way up to things slowly. And work doesn't need to know how you broke your leg....
Hit my dozens of times head and I'm still nothing wrong.
In my experience, some cats hate it, some love it. The ones that hate it will spell it out for you in your own blood.
Dude. Imagine the milk steak that would make! Boiled over hard, of course.
I like swapping stories. I hate bullshit small talk. If my story one ups yours, then tell another that one ups mine. That's how all the good stories come out! I'd rather hear some slightly exaggerated yarn about the time you broke into the school and stole the overhead projectors than listen to you talk about how hot the girls were down by the college today.
Ever pulled the engine? It's not hard.
There are a bunch of wires that go to an old diagnostic plug that is no longer used. Only wires you really need at the engine are: power to coil, wire from condensor to coil, wires to alternator, wire to oil pressure switch.
Like ten feet give or take, depending on carb set up and routing. Gas will pour out when you disconnect from the tank, so i would pinch the line off by the tank outlet, cut it, run new line starting at carb(s), then finish by swapping the pinched off stud with the new line as quickly as possible. Again, you will spill gas. Just be ready and don't freak out, and it'll be fine.
Talk to him and let him know it's ok to cum when he feels it instead of holding back for you sometimes? Or try the ol' reach around to help him out. Better angle of attack than a face to face hand job.
Problem solved :D
/r/truecels is the true creepiest place on reddit.
What?
What?
Scuba diving is a complex balance of weight and buoyancy. His steel balls actually help stabilize him in the water, and reduce the added weight other divers would require in the form of bags and belts.
It is time efficient if you look at the other productive things you are doing with that time and energy.
No time like the present to learn! If you're gonna drive a bus, you gotta be able to talk to it. :) Points are like a little switch in the distributor that trigger the spark for the plugs. They need to be checked, adjusted or replaced every few thousand miles. Get yourself a manual and start studying.
It's 101. Get used to it.
That's a great book to get yourself oriented with. Read that to familiarize yourself with the engine. But get yourself a Bentley manual and use that as your go-to for accurate info.
It's a boob. Get over it. Everyone has seen them before. I doubt anyone wants to see your face while eating, but nobody is asking you to go eat in a toilet.
The best/worst part of it is that she's so convinced that her behavior is acceptable and justified, she uploaded it. Thank you for letting the world know how much you suck.
I'm not a urologist, but this doesn't seem right. I'll just hafta take your word for it.
Organic banana. I only know this because back in ye olden days, before text messaging, we had pager code. 4011 was "you" in pager code, and I noticed all my bananas said "you." Then I noticed all the organic ones had a 9, along with other organic fruit. I'm weird, I know.
redundant
Am older. Not that worried about it unless one is purposefully power sliding and clacking and shouting. People gotta get places.
&gt; these mostly brainwashed globalist cultists. http://i.imgur.com/mXyupD1.gif
My browser literally refused to load it.
What?
10 joints a day.....moderate use......what?
I've been seeing a bunch of "seattle_" named Trump stumpers in the last few days. Weird.
&gt; DNC picked the worst candidate
Had to be done.
Is there a track list? #2 was my fave so far, but haven't had a chance to get through it all yet.
SF Bay at the time, PNW nowadays.
&gt; "No I can't stay up late, I'm too tired." That's one thing you he has always prided himself on, being basically an insomniac (see his 3am tweets). Whether drugs are involved is up for debate.
I don't understand the Trumpsters "Trump is the peace candidate! I'm sick of war in the Middle East! Obama/Hillary/Dems love killing Middle Easterners! He's the only one who can beat ISIS! Kill Muslims!" So which is it?
&gt; Whether drugs are involved ~~is up for~~ **was shown in the** debate. FTFM
No hero. No hero... You're the hero.
I thought I teleported once. I was with a friend, driving from just south of Bend Oregon to Eugene, and we talked about how we both had a craving for Ambrosia salad (like that whip cream and pineapple gloop), specifically from Safeway deli. But there were no Safeways until Eugene, and they'd be closed by the time we got there. Oh well. So I drive on, take the exit towards Eugene and head over the mountains. It's dark, and I was on auto pilot for a bit. Suddenly, I see fireworks going off over a lake on the right (it was right around the 4th of July). Weird, there shouldn't be a lake like that on this road. I've driven this road many times, and never seen this lake. We pass the lake and what do we see? A Safeway. We got in just before closing and got our coveted tub of unicorn puke. Asked what Highway we were on, and figured out we were on the next highway north from where we were supposed to be, about 80 miles out of the way. I knew I had taken the right exit, without a doubt. We half joked about how the gods heard our prayers, and teleported us to the closest Safeway for our prize. Looked into it later, turns out that a little after the exit, there's another sudden turn to stay on the highway to Eugene, and if you stay straight, it is a different highway. I've missed the turn couple times since, even in broad daylight, but just barely, and had to pull over and turn around. I had a lot of weird coincidence type stuff happen when I hung out with that girl, from this easily explainable one, to some downright spooky ones. The universe got real strange when we were both involved in some way.
A tornado. At this time of year. In that part of the country. Localized entirely inside Trump Tower?
Oh yeah, had to give up on actual vinyl 12 years ago, but was doing Serato for a while. It's just more fun. But the S4 is light and it is nice to be able to just drop shit at will without needing to beat match, and hot cue right on beat. Now if only more DJs understood phrase matching... Got about halfway through your mix while trimming some herb today. Still impressed. Not exceedingly technical, but clean, which is the most important part in recorded mixes. You even manage key changes well, which I find a lot of psy djs have a problem with. Where are you from? I have some connections in the west coast scene I might be able to pass your stuff on to if you happen to be out here. Check my recent submissions. There is a mix I did a couple weeks ago on the S4 up there. Likewise, it's not as technical as my live mixes are, but I like it. Kinda prog/fullon/breaks with my oldschool trance/electro roots showing through in places. One guy liked it a bunch, but it got downvoted. People are fickle in this sub, haha.
There are some pretty liberal wings of the protestant church as well. It's less the religion itself, more the mindset of evangelical/fundamentalist/radical types, regardless of denomination, or even religion. Heck, you see the same mindset continued in many previously evangelical atheists.
I prefer "I like paying taxes. With them I buy civilization."
Try - Jiser Evox, Freedom Fighters Rmx - Pixel Tik Tak - Chrystal Sound Musical Xchange - Biogenesis Feel Good Music - Cyber Motion ------? Endless Mind - Brainiac Trip On - Infection of the DJ Bring It Back - CPU, Bliss, Painkiller, Massive Secret Identity - Twina All That Matters Is Love - Rinkadink Georgina - U Recken Bora Bora - Beatman &amp; Ludmilla Rmx Reality Junction - Snook I can't for the life of me find track six. It's gotta be on my computer somewhere, but I don't know what it's called, just that it's the one with "Wrong, try again!" and I really liked it.
That's just like, your opinion, man.
That's what you get for being a fatty. /s People suck sometimes.
&gt; I think it's probably fair to say he's likely never even held ANY opinion of any kind about the intelligence community. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/544601510328692737
Hence the /s. It's what jerkasses say who don't know any better. Hence people suck.
I have an idea. Instead of arguing back and forth about "hypocrisy" when one side does something then the other side does the same, they should point out that they now *agree*. First, people like it when people agree with them, so this is more productive than yelling at them and calling them a hypocrite. Second the more reactionary ones will have an embolism trying to mentally figure out how they can not agree with you.
My buddy used to work in Yosemite every winter. Once I brought some friends and visit him. We got there at night, and crashed in his room at the Lodge. in the morning I stepped outside and immediately ran back in to grab the girls, like "You gotta see this!" Just stepping out his door, you found a full view of Yosemite Falls, framed perfectly between two snow dusted pines. Like, dude, you get paid for this?
So, you aren't cool with Trump being buddy-buddy with Putin?
Sure thing boss.
A local taqueria has had two kids working the register for years, since about as soon as they could see over the counter. One day, a richy looking college girl came storming in and started ranting about how she was gonna report them for child labor because they mixed up something in her order. The 12yo girl behind the counter calming explained that she was well aware of the labor laws, that it was a family business, and everyone in the family worked their asses off to support it, while the complaining girl had likely never had to work a day in her life and obviously had much more to show for it than her, but she was far happier to help her family than this angry girl obviously was, despite her wealth and comfort. I was like, damn, just got fuckin told by a 12 year old.
Hey now, I happen to like using "inappropriate" quotation marks.
Tell me about it.
I will never understand this "charisma" people say he has. He comes of as a contemptuous, narcissistic ass, who talks himself in loops and is an embarassment to humanity.
Nah, that's not my job, and then I wouldn't have seen who she reqlly is.
You're the only person who brought up "the Marketplace." You also admit that you already have insurance through your employer, so what does it matter what you would be paying if you used the Marketplace? The Marketplace isn't there for you, it's there for people who would have no other option. Edit: aha, I see where the confusion comes from. You misread his "open market" as "marketplace." Did you not see the "20 years" part?
r/interesting? Not quite interesting as fuck, but more than mildly interesting?
Do you not math? $30k is only 23% of $130. And he is insuring six people. 23/6 is about 4% per person.
What about the rest of the states that aren't right to work?
I respect that.
Ow.
Calm down. It's not like someone can just put a 60 ft missle in their pocket and sneak out the back door.
Nukes don't just "go off." They are highly complex machines that require a very specific set of actions to occur to detonate. You can blow up a nuke with another bomb and all that would happen is a release of some radioactive material.
¿que?
Now we are going vigilante on these nukes? Which one is it!? I'm so confused!
Yeah! Extreme vetting! As in we are going to extremely circumvent and attempt at vetting!
Exactly. But nope, there's only two ways to look at things, amiright?
I'm usually broke af, but generally lead a pretty interesting life. I've had all sorts of cool jobs, travelled a bunch (albiet domestically), been somewhat locally famous, met actually famous or interesting people, built cool things, explored the wilderness.... Just gotta do it! (And have at least a bit of natural talent and gumption)
You aren't wrong, but many of the more interesting people I've met have "careers." And have met many boring rich folk. So I'm saying that being broke or rich does not necessarily correlate to being interesting/boring. I personally can't stand being bored and stable in exchange for a bit more money. Yet I can understand how someone could look at me, one minute throwing around money after a successful venture, then eating ramen for a month to save what I have left until the next project comes about, and say "I couldn't take the stress of not having a steady check every week!" It's all preference and priorities.
&gt;“It is unfortunate to see members of this body impugn the integrity of a fellow senator with whom we have served for years,” Cruz said, *failing to note the irony.*
Fixed.
No. Mother Jones has done a lot of good over many decades. They are unashamedly biased, and as such, should not be seen as unvarnished truth, and should be fact checked, but to compare them to the Enquirer is just ridiculous.
Ok?
Except, it apparently shouldn't have.
Buy stock in Bon Bons, mama's eatin' tonight!
Yes, yes it was. Not specifically to get Trump elected, but to create a political climate of reactionaries that is easier swayed.
The spirit cooking and "hemispherical dream" ones were the best. I was recently directed to a website to read them that had "warning! Graphic Satanism!" On the links.
More like racists bating on the right.
Got into a couple of debates here recently with people who said blue state politics kill jobs, strangle business, and were "takers." Said the people in their states, while "taking" more in the form of benefits, weren't actually "takers" because they *wanted* to work. I told them to just go get jobs then. They said "easy to say if you live in California or New York, where there *are* jobs!" *Facepalm*
Another white male here. Quit bitching you're making the rest of us look bad. Grow a pair.
Yup. Nothing wrong with paying people cheer you on because you are such an insecure person that you can't function without a fan club to stroke your ego at all times. Sad!
I expect many pictures of him pointing at things while stooges clap around him.
Funny because most of the western world, and much of the rest gives a shit about America.
My old girlfriend was having abdominal pains. I took her to the ER. The doctors insisted that before anything else, she take a pregnancy test. She was BPD, so this led to a big fight that ended with them sedating her. As she was starting to calm down, I told her that in the event that she was pregnant, I would always be there for her and the kid, and would do whatever it took. She told me "I already have enough children to take care of between you and the dog." Thanks babe. Luckily she wasn't pregnant.
Recently saw an HHR, you know, the even uglier PT Cruiser, that was murdered out. Flat black, no windows, red rims with moon caps and white walls. I pulled over and told my lady passenger that I completely understood if she wanted to get out and go home with them.
Similar thing happened in my town. Cop hit him with his car, kicked him in the chest as he tried to obey the command to get down on the ground, lost a $180,000 excessive force suit, then got promoted to head of the state police.
I drive an old VW bus. Almost never get stopped, and every time I did, it was for a legitimate reason. Probably would be much different in a different state.
Lol. Perfect 😉
Because the oligarchs are at a slightly more attainable level for him.
Yop
The cop was the subject in that sentence. Cop lost the lawsuit, the department paid out $180,000 and yet he was promoted.
The cop lost the suit and the dept had to pay. Then the cop was promoted.
I'm a blue collar American. I understood Obama's speech a hell of a lot better than Trump's incoherent babble.
No prob. Not a bad place.
I think the fact that it isn't "real journalism" actually helps. It's like the opposite of Fox News. Instead of entertainment masquerading as news, it's news masquerading as entertainment. This allows a certain leeway in that they don't need to hide biases, and, in cases like this, an interviewee isn't quite prepared for real questioning. They come ready for a bit of self promotion, leave being skewered.
Every "conservative" attempt at similar satire and comedy comes off about as hip and funny as Hillary did in all her "fellow kids" moments. Just awkward.
Jesus fuck! I'm sorry to be of the same species as that guy.
At least, when they are on the news, the line at the bottom should say **John Shmitty** (R) *Oklabama*, PepsiCo, WaffleHouse, Ron Popeil Industries, Bank of Ameristan...
Trump is whatever people want him to be.
&gt; majority I don't think that means what you think that that means.
Eugene, OR.
Don't forget all the dead people in the streets after Snowpocalypse. You'd think all the hipsters would be prepared, what with a different scarf for every day of the week, even in summer. But nooo, a few inches and everyone's like "Gaahhhh! Everyone for themselves! Loot the co-ops! Abandon your cars! Burn your shoes for warmth!" Luckily, I got out before this latest round hit.
Wait, with or without the snow? Cuz every time I go it's constant gridlock, but last weekend wasn't bad.
I wish more people were like you. I drive a vehicle that kicks ass in the snow, I can sleep in the back, and keep a subzero sleeping bag in there at all times along with food and water. Cheers to being prepared!
Nope, live in hippytown south of y'all. But was there last weekend for the snow and it seemed calm. Funny thing, I grew up in the Bay Area, only saw snow on a lucky trip to Tahoe every few years or so. But since moving to OR, I've had no problem driving in snow. I actually like it, and go on crazy road trips in it for the heck of it sometimes. I don't understand why nobody knows how to handle it here. I know it only happens in most cities once or twice every year or three, but sheesh! It's the same every time! Start slow, stop slower, don't bother attempting to drive your Camry up hills with summer tires and no chains, invest in winter tires if you can at all afford it...
A little empathy goes a long way in this world. You did the hard part.
Multiverse Go Fish
Ah, yes, creepy.
Her and Trump's whole MO is the Gish Gallop. Talk in circles, say nothing of substance, pivot, deflect, claim victory. It's literally the Chewbacca Defense. Which is funny, because I've heard Trumpers accuse others of tge Chewbacca Defense, and we all know their propensity for projection.
First step is to verify the source, second, the claims.
I do believe it is.
Still cheaper than comcast!
Me? No... not me.... other people... yeah...
Ohhh, it makes more sense now, I was so used to leaning foward while attempting it during the perpetual ass reaming we were all on the receiving end of already.
I'm stuck being from those few years where they blend. Born in 82. Too young to really enjoy the go go ninties, to old to have missed when it all came down.
Me thinks you doth protest too much.
For an aerospace engineer who is so smart and successful, you sure are angry about something. You should be happy! You have a great career, you are obviously way smarter than us plebs that you know nothing about, you should be on cloud 9!
Sure is pretty damn suspect though. Especially after he lied about it.
No, it really doesn't.
Yeah, all the trumpers are like "Y'all only freakin out cuz not yer guy!" No. Fuck that. We are freakin out because Trump. Any other Repub would suck too, in my opinion. Hell, Clinton would suck. But Trump is a disgraceful disaster.
So if your life isn't impacted negatively by them having healthcare, what does it matter to you?
Oh helllllll no.
My roomie was going off on a Mandela Effect spaz yesterday. He brought that up repeatedly. Too many you tube vids. It is fucking stein tho...
I actually liked the requel shtick for precisely that reason. Let your hate flow....
Because otherwise we'd all just be sitting around hitting each other with sticks and grunting.
You still have to live with all us losers. And there are millions more of us.
Saw a comment yesterday about "hoping for Calexit, so all those mooching liberals will lose their precious federal dollars." Lol.
I get what he means. No hard consonants. It just flows. I'm personally annoyed by the recent moves in weed friendly circles to find "friendly" words for pot. The dank is just fine with the words we have. Ganja don't care what you call it. Herb. Sticky icky. Mari-juuuana. Oh I'm sorry, I meant *Flower* of *Cannabis.*
Yes! In a way I am! My views are a product of my nature and nurture. I am not infallible, not by a long shot. What I do know is that every time humanity has tried to stop it's own progress, it's been steamrolled by it. Does progress equal a "gay communist utopia"? Of course not. But it does involve working together to make life better for all. And again, this isn't an advocation of communism. Most all know pure communism can't work. Most recognize capitalism to be the best system so far, but it is also starting to show cracks, and is headed towards disaster. Hence progress. Instead of barreling straight off the cliff of pure social Darwinism, we need to learn and recognize what has and hasn't worked in multiple systems of government and commerce, and learn from them, and build a bridge, instead of stagnating or heading straight off that cliff.
Annnnnnnd you lost me at "if we ignore the people that voted we can make up numbers!" But sure, make sure you don't eat anything farmed in California. Or buy anything that is shipped through California, or have a President who is literally the NY elite.... oh wait, you can't....
Noice!
Jesus fuck. I just vomited in my mouth a bit trying to comprehend you viewpoint WTF is wrong with you?
I still say another celeb woulda been good. Someone smarmy. Like Tom Hanks. Yeah T.Hanks/Obama has a nice ring to it.
I think people who are genuinely concerned about men's issues, and not just mad about women's, do feel like they can't discuss the issue, because it immediately gets drowned out by "MRAs" and femimists arguing. The "MRAs" are far more of a hindrance to solving men's issues than the SJWs/Feminists/whatever the boogeyman is today.
Their parents are still paying for them, just at a lower rate than an individual plan. If they can't afford an individual plan, dropping them from parents' plans would cost even more.
I'm tired of the whole capitalism v socialism argument in general. It pretty freaking obvious that both systems have their flaws and benefits. It's pretty obvious that capitalism is fantastic at driving innovation. It's pretty obvious it has failed at providing social services. There is no shame in applying either system to the areas of society in which they best apply and drive progress. As you said, medical care is no place for "free market competition." R &amp; D? Sure, great place for it. Actual application of medical care? Absolutely not. You can't go to a hospital with a life threatening emergency and say, "This one is kinda pricey, and that doctor is kind of ugly, I'm gonna shop around a bit." You can't say, "I really want this transplant, but I think I'll hold off for the Black Friday sales."
Ah, I see. I agree that we do pay way too much for medical care thanks to the convoluted system of insurers and providers.
What is that even supposed to mean?
I was clarifying that for you to the other poster, you ungrateful twatstick.
Explain your plan.
I meant you guys both have no clue if you think "they could just leave" or "just squash them" are viable solutions. I mean, they could all just get along. See it's that simple!
I...I would be ok with that.
You are correct! You *can* be a total sociopath as long as you don't do indecent things due to it. If someone's sociopathy compels them to do good as a way to get ahead, then more power to them.
Sounds like librul bullpucky to me. #fakenews
Unfortunately, I agree with you in a sense here, at least the first part. People do use PC as cover to do indecent things, but that doesn't completely void the concept of trying to be a generally good person who does what they can to avoid hurting others.
I assume the same.
Cheney was in deep with these guys.
But you guys hate it!
Make into a Katamari game. You can use his head to roll around in the snowflakes, picking them up. Once he finally implodes, getting them all will trigger (heh) a roll downhill and into the sewer.
Super.
"Am I out of touch? No, it's the ~~children~~ **polls** that are wrong."
It's like when my sister used to trick me into trading my "dirty old pieces of paper" for some shiny coins as a wee one. Yeah, I figured that one out before pre school.
It's not being "edgy" to be upset that an impulsive narcissistic man child is about to be in charge of the most powerful nation in history due to corrupted men putting party over country. Every horse is a high horse when the president himself has set the bar in the dirt.
Hey, for a thing that was never even flight tested before putting a crew on it and punching through the atmosphere at hypersonic speeds, it ain't a shabby number.
Trump's turned off more, so at least there is some hope. Like I said, I wasn't a Hillary fan, mostly due to her Republican Lite policies. Even if I don't agree with her on all her policies, I do not doubt that she would have been a fine and respectable president. As much distain as I have for the GOP, almost any other candidate they could have put forward with a modicum of experience would be better than Trump. I could say the same about Hillary and the dems, but that's mostly due to the fact that she entered the race already having half the country hate her for dubious reasons, and again, she at least would uphold the respect due to the office.
Ironic username for someone who advocates for a cult of personality much like that in Best Korea.
&gt; We can set Chelsea Manning free after compromising American security, but we shouldn't admit this person for the position of Sec of Education because they haven't completed their paperwork? I...what?
I saw the reaction you were getting and it was not cool. You were being very civil and got hammered.
How can I be disconnected from the class I am a part of? What did Obama do to your town?
Isn't there a word for when someone gets off on the conquests of another man?
9/9 not bad.
Hope that works out for you. I mean, you just spent an hour arguing with someone who basically agrees with you and got nowhere. How do you plan on changing any minds?
Well Biff was actually based on trump, so there is that going for him.
I think it's silly that you expect to get anywhere with this kind of rhetoric.
&gt; I've seen some nasty things said about Trump and his supporters and it honestly reinforces the idea that I'm on the right side of things in my mind. Many others I'd imagine too. This is a view I can't understand. I mean, on a completely mental level, sure, I get it. Nobody likes to be insulted. But this is much, much bigger than you or me. You yourself admit to your being "selfish and bitter" as part of your reasoning, then you state that people being upset and saying nasty things only reinforces your view. Of course people are going to be upset if you basically say "I don't care about your concerns, I'm getting mine!" They feel like you have done the "nastiest" thing of all, which is to elect who they see as a very dangerous man to the presidency, a threat to the entire world, out of spite. I feel you on the student loans part. I've so far managed to avoid them, and many times I've thought about going back to school, but don't want the debt. I do feel like Trump is definitely not the guy who's gonna help in that department. He has never given any reason to think he is out to help anyone but himself.
I apologize for those on my side politically that only smear. I thought that's what we were supposed to be fighting against. If it makes you feel any better, I was banned from AskReddit the other day for accidentally making an innocent joke deep in a serious thread, and then questioning the ban. Mods gonna mod. As for this: &gt;I've never fallen in step with either the left or the right until just recently, and I don't see any signs of /r/politics ever presenting the liberal party as the reasonable and logical side if I keep seeing gross generalizations about Trump and his supporters. Both sides are guilty of this. I just choose the side that shows empathy on top of the rhetoric. "Liberals" are admittedly getting a little jumpy and starting to bite back after decades of concerted efforts to demonize and generalize all under the "liberal" slur by right wing politicians and media. We aren't always right, and your view points are valid as well. Never gonna get anywhere if we all just keep hurling shit at each other. Thanks again for taking the time to have an actual discussion. I spent an hour last night arguing with someone that *agreed* with me on the topic at hand, because I had the gall to try to engage a Trump supporter that was having a moment of doubt and was being civil, instead of joining the rest and attacking him. Way to go guys!
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5om34f/devos_says_its_possible_her_family_has_donated/dckczlx/ Was trying to make that point last night, but this is what I was dealing with. Spent an hour arguing with a guy that agreed with me politically, because I was too respectful to the Trump voter.
You have a very strange writing style.
That's another sketchy part of this. Say they are working together, be it under threat or actual collusion. Neither seem the type to bow to another. They *will* turn on eaxh other as soon as one or the other smells blood, or feels publically belittled by the other.
Good that you can see and admit that. Many supporters of that war still cling to the "everyone wad duped/nobody foresaw the outcome/it's Obama's fault" excuses. They can't admit that the voices crying out against it were many, and many warned of the exact outcome, a lawless mess of angry men breeding even more terror. Heck, even what could be construed as "Obama's fault" was foreseen. We said that the country and the world wouldn't stand for occupation for as long and as violent as it would take to secure Iraq, and many voted forthe idea of "bring the troops home" in electing Obama. It was the people's will to pull back, creating the vacuum that bore ISIS.
&gt; "People who speak up for freedom and regimes that are oppressive are often at threat and these things happen to them." What does that even mean? That syntax is terrible. Also, horrible, that's just horrible.
Heard a guy that I know for a fact escaped East Germany into West Berlin at age 14 before making his way to America, fighting with the Special Forces, and meeting 5 presidents stumping for Trump yesterday. Like dude.... Walls. Immigration. Russia. Disrespecting veterans. Destroying the dignity of the office. Dafuq?
You have a very strange conversational style.
You just advocated in favor of rape. I bet your mama is reaaal proud.
If he didn't get peed on by Russian prostitutes, he wouldn't be president.
&gt; It's not cancer What if it is? I know you aren't arguing against the ACA, just making the point that I've just seen many people basically argue that young people can just go without medical coverage because only old people really need it.
Stirring social commentary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVoVIyL-ERU Much spine. So strong. Muh fluoride gmos. Wow.
The 14 points of Fascism Powerful and Continuing Nationalism Fascist regimes tend to make constant use of patriotic mottos, slogans, symbols, songs, and other paraphernalia. Flags are seen everywhere, as are flag symbols on clothing and in public displays. Disdain for the Recognition of Human Rights Because of fear of enemies and the need for security, the people in fascist regimes are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of "need." The people tend to look the other way or even approve of torture, summary executions, assassinations, long incarcerations of prisoners, etc. Identification of Enemies/Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial, ethnic or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc. Supremacy of the Military Even when there are widespread domestic problems, the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding, and the domestic agenda is neglected. Soldiers and military service are glamorized. Rampant Sexism The governments of fascist nations tend to be almost exclusively male-dominated. Under fascist regimes, traditional gender roles are made more rigid. Opposition to abortion is high, as is homophobia and anti-gay legislation and national policy. Controlled Mass Media Sometimes the media is directly controlled by the government, but in other cases, the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation, or sympathetic media spokespeople and executives. Censorship, especially in war time, is very common. Obsession with National Security Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses. Religion and Government are Intertwined Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders, even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government's policies or actions. Corporate Power is Protected The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power, creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite. Labor Power is Suppressed Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government, labor unions are either eliminated entirely, or are severely suppressed. Disdain for Intellectuals and the Arts Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education, and academia. It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested. Free expression in the arts is openly attacked, and governments often refuse to fund the arts. Obsession with Crime and Punishment Under fascist regimes, the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws. The people are often willing to overlook police abuses and even forego civil liberties in the name of patriotism. There is often a national police force with virtually unlimited power in fascist nations. Rampant Cronyism and Corruption Fascist regimes almost always are governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions and use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability. It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders. Fraudulent Elections Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham. Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against or even assassination of opposition candidates, use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries, and manipulation of the media. Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections.
You may actually be Alex Jones but don't remember. Spooky!
Fake neeeewwwwwssd!1!!1!1!1$#^#!1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdantUf5tXg
Can I use that defense in court? I mean, if I haven't been convicted yet, I can't be guilty! I rest my case! I sold a little weed back in the day, but was never caught and convicted. Does that mean I was never a drug dealer?
Just got back myself. There were thousands of men, like myself, but even more women. The overall message was about women's rights. Men of quality don't fear equality.
&gt;Fascist regimes tend to make constant use of patriotic mottos, slogans, symbols, songs, and other paraphernalia. MAGA. AMERICA FIRST. PATRIOTISM. &gt;Because of fear of enemies and the need for security, the people in fascist regimes are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of "need." The people tend to look the other way or even approve of torture Trump has stated he is in favor of torture and we must fear others and protect ourselves, whatever it takes. &gt;The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial, ethnic or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc. Isis, socialists, immigrants, liberals, anyone who opposes him. &gt;Even when there are widespread domestic problems, the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding, and the domestic agenda is neglected. Soldiers and military service are glamorized. "We are going to build up our military and display it." &gt;Under fascist regimes, traditional gender roles are made more rigid. Opposition to abortion is high, as is homophobia and anti-gay legislation and national policy. Women are objects and tools, abortion is to be abolished, men should be "real men." &gt;Sometimes the media is directly controlled by the government, but in other cases, the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation, or sympathetic media spokespeople and executives. Fake news! Lying press! Only listen to my personally approved outlets! Lugenpresse! &gt;Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses. Muslims are gonna kill us all! &gt;Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders, even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government's policies or actions. "God stopped the rain for me!" &gt;The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power, creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite. See also: his cabinet. This is admittedly the closest accusation one could also level at his predecessors and opponents. Yet he still takes the cake. &gt;Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government, labor unions are either eliminated entirely, or are severely suppressed. Totally anti union, obsessed with "creating jobs" but not with creating a strong labor force. &gt;Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education, and academia. It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested. Free expression in the arts is openly attacked, and governments often refuse to fund the arts. Elites in acadamia! Defund the arts! Lying, brainwashing liberal colleges! &gt;Under fascist regimes, the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws. The people are often willing to overlook police abuses and even forego civil liberties in the name of patriotism. The disrespect of police will end under my rule! I am the law and order president. &gt;Fascist regimes almost always are governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions and use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability. It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders. No clarification required. &gt;Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham. Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against or even assassination of opposition candidates, use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries, and manipulation of the media. Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections. Voter disenfranchisement, smear campaigns, falsehoods, gerrymandering, propaganda, soon to be appointing many to the judiciary... But yeah, just national security.
&gt; you clearly haven't had your livelihood taken away. My sweet summer child...
I see, I guess it was popularized by GoT. Always heard it from southern mama types. I don't follow GoT. But we digress..
I was at my local march with a "Girls just wanna have fun-damental human rights" sign and a "I can't believe we still need to protest this shit" sign. I'm a straight white dude.
Ah yes, I forgot that rights here preclude rights elsewhere. Could it be that we support rights everywhere?
Some balls are held for charity, and some for fancy dress, But when they're held for Donald they're the balls that I detest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdantUf5tXg
Multiple sources state he was presented with the synopsis. What is the fake part?
It's a free country. He can say whatever he wants about the president short of direct physical threat.
Source?
It's a troll.
&gt; time for some personal responsibility in America So whining about er jerbs is personal responsibility?
I saw a couple of those too! Also a giant paper mache cat with a tiny trump in his mouth.
Two tildes ~~ before and after does a strikeout.
I worked for a company like that. A medium sized brewery and small chain of pubs. Owner called an "all hands on deck" meeting, even flying people in from satellite locations. Proceeded to start the meeting with a five minute tirade about how we were all a bunch of stupid hippies that better vote republican (this was in mid 2008) in the election so we could drill into the backs of polar bears for oil for his beer trucks, and it was our fault we all got paid shit. I left soon after.
Yup. Been laughing all day.
Godwin himself said it is perfectly reasonable to invoke Hitler when the conversation call for it, specifically referring to what is happening now. In any event, I don't want to attack you, I just want to ask how you feel about yesterday's events and now Conway's comments. I don't understand how people can support this.
&gt; "in a relationship" That's exactly what it is. An abusive relationship with a narcissist. It would almost be peotic justice for all the shitty abuser types thats support trump, if we weren't stuck in it too.
Slightly hyperbolic, yes, but with Trump, who knows? Anyway, how do you feel about the topic of this thread, KellyAnne spinning circles trying to justify a blatant lie about something petty on day one.
Bill Clinton is not the president.
"What are you gals protesting? We haven't even started taking rights away *yet*!"
I haven't downvoted you, but ok. How about the insane speech yesterday about how awesome he was? Or the threats to the press for reporting the truth? Or his spokeswoman declaring the existence of alt-facts?
You're so cute when you're pouty.
When everything is at stake, there is nothing to lose.
Jesus fuck. That wall of whataboutism and only a sentence that basically said, "he lied, so what?" Then you admit that Trump is a sensitive megalomaniac. Yeah, a sensitive megalomaniac in charge of our country, it's laws, and it's vast military is *not* a good thing. We can't wait until he does something truly irreparable to oppose him. Obam wasn't perfect, Hillary is in the past. This is now, and there is no equivalency.
Actual PM I received a few days after having an actual discussion with a Trump voter here. It is happening. &gt;Thanks for being reasonable with me during that exchange we had. The more I see of Trump's personality the more I'm realizing how much of a mistake I made voting for him. I was already figuring this out I was just in a state of denial trying to suppress my actual feelings about the whole deal. (being wrong sucks) I reread the posts and you brought up a lot of good points that I had no reason to refute. I was blinded largely by greed and the feeling that I got the shit end of the stick in the last few years -- and I just wanted to apologize for generalizing and being an asshole all around. I see the amount of shit people deal with daily from Trump supporters and I can see why the air is so tense. I realize they're a toxic crew and I'm distancing myself from them as much as possible. I do believe some are misguided, or rightfully angry over their own situation, but majority are piss poor human beings that would stab each other in the back at the drop of a hat. I never meant to become part of this toxic problem, and I really do appreciate you talking to me like a level-headed human being. I'm going to try my best to base my decisions on what's best for my countrymen rather than myself from now on. Your candidness and thoughtful approach really helped lead my life in a stronger direction. Anyway, I should slow down before I write you a book. But seriously, thank you.
Twice. He came back and punched him again. It was beautiful. The coward is the avowed fascist who hides behind terms like "alt right," while attacking those he views as inferior. Fascists need daddy figures to make them feel strong and safe. He needs memes to protect him for God's sake.
This is a big league game!
You are defending a Nazi.
You are right in that he isn't Hitler, but his team seems quite ready to go down that path, and he has a sizable minority ready to help. In any event, saying this is anything like past presidents is ludicrous. Did you see his speech to the CIA? Did you see Spicer yesterday? Did you see KellyAnne this morning with her "alternative facts?"
While not getting angry, even when she brought up his newborn baby.
They aren't conservative, they are completely without moral compass.
Ouch, my brain.
Wrong guy.
Brutal.
God, this video is gonna make the rounds, with people saying "Fake News! See, Obama got laughs too!" Meanwhile the fact that Trump's speech itself was so....weird, while Obama's was actually completely relevant to the context, will get buried under to gooey chocolatey bullshit.
No, see, it all makes sense if you view it as tweeting into the future.
And douche is French for clean! See, I'm the cleanest in the land!
These books are less about the ideologies from which the control arose, and more about the end result and the path taken from a "good" system like democratic capitalism or socislism to fascism and authoritarianism. No matter what the starting point is, the lessons are valid.
It's "my dad can beat up your dad" on the world stage.
Sure thing KellyAnne.
You might get your wish. For all our sakes, I hope not, but as they say "there's no brakes on the Trump Train." I don't understand the Hillary hate, especially in comparison to Trump. But she's in the past now, and Trump is showing just how bad he can be.
So you only care about keeping ordinary Muslims out of the country, and not terrorists? Isn't that kind of ass backwards?
Anyone can rent a truck. Anyone can lie.
You could also go on Amazon, put a hundred things in your cart, and hit "checkout." If you don't have money in your bank, you don't get your stuff.
They kinda did with the Jihad episode.
Seeing as I get a few thousand bucks year back, tops, it's not worth my time to "invest" it to make an extra $10 a month. I like my "free money" in the spring, and happen to like many government services, so I don't mind paying for them.
Heck, they stopped caring here years before fully legalizing. The local police chief even told people to stop calling in tips on grows, because they didn't have the time or resources to keep up with them, andwhen they did, most turned out to be licensed medical grows.
And that notion came from her saying she dreamed of a hemisphere of open borders and trade. I mean, that is a perfectly reasonable dream. It would be awesome to have a free and prosperous society spanning the globe. She never said it was realistic in the near future, or that she had some nefarious plan to make it so. It was simply "I have a dream." Much like how saying she wanted a no-fly zone over Syria meant she was going to start immediately shooting down Russian planes and flinging nukes. Couldn't be that she wanted negotiations on the matter.
Alternative integrity
I could hear him doing his breathless voice. So^much^^fraud
This reads like subredditsimulator had a baby with altright, who then had a baby with iamverysmart.
Fox is as msm as it gets.
They are personally responsible for screwing us all over for a few more bucks. They are personally responsible for denying science. They are personally responsible for war. They are personally responsible for all of this.
My sweet summer child.
&gt; undeniable facts Yeah, about that.....
Obama's, duh.
It was a genuine question. I'm not banning anything.
Yup. Think he's playing nice with Trump because he thinks he's cute? No he is using Trump. It's users and abusers all the way down. A good way to manipulate someone is to make them think they have power, so they are blinded to your own.
I'm sure you are an expert on good company. If you think traveling people rarely do under the table work for some extra beans, I have a bridge to sell you.
I see. Sorry.
Live in Eug, now. I don't know how you survive in Tacoma. The traffic all along that corridor is unbearable. I grew up in the city though, so I'm doing whatever I can to avoid living around traffic again.
Please, do all you can to spread that truth to other Republicans. We are not your enemies, Trump's cabal is all of ours. We can disagree over refinancing the house later, now is the time to put out the fire before there is no house to argue over.
Only if those opinions are illegal or registered in two states.
"I can't vote for a war monger like Hillary!"
&gt; I don't see anyone breaking any trade agreements with us. Alliances are still strong. Um, Mexico, EU/NATO, China...
You can in select markets, like we already do. Infrastructure, healthcare, military, education... All things that are or should be "socialist." You can even still have some competition in those markets, like pharmaceutical companies competing with each other, while the actual healthcare providers are "socialized."
exactly?
Finally a straight shooter that tells it like it is! #MRGA!
You don't pop vert ramp kick flips. You float them. Poser detected! Good try though.
Yeah, my mom smashed a finger once, and went to urgent care/ER, I forget, and they charged her $200 for a "large splint." Meaning a little strip of bent aluminium and foam taped to her finger. $200. For three inches of aluminum and foam.
And this one, the idiot's.
&gt; laughably unbelievable Trump is president. Just sayin. Might want to recalibrate your meter.
It was a good game and good distraction in a tough time.
I read this all in Eddie Izzard's voice.
Por que no los dos?
My only regret is that I have Boneitis.
&gt; Trump is a far bigger fuckup than anyone imagined. Who knew Trump's incompetence could be so complicated?
I don't think they were making an assumption about you in particular. You seem very well spoken and thoughtful, so I don't think we have to worry about you. Keep on keepin on!
I hear a little covfefe helps with that.
Was expecting manning face. Actual boobies was quite a pleasant surprise!
At that point why encrypt? It's a leak anyway.
O no! Sis?
Yup. I mean, if you supported Bush, you *should* feel bad. And if you don't, you should be man/woman enough to stand by your opinion.
Go to bed Dad.
Lol
But the real story is Rowdy Roddy *Peeeper*...
&gt; I know that most liberals won't listen to rush or Hannity. That's because they are both opportunistic, hypocritical pieces of shit. Rush has been a cancer on this country for decades. Hannity has no spine or decency. Hell after dragging Seth's family through their tragedy again for ratings, I want to see him waterboarded regardless of the fact he promised to be.
It's not. He's the real deal.
He was given all that.
Well, with digital audio, there is no loss in quality when making copies. So unless the "copy" is also processed to add noise or otherwise attempt to cover up edits, or extremely compressed into a tiny, low quality file it's gonna be the same thing. And those things would be very obvious and suspicious as well.
People don't like Trump. You're only gonna see more and more of it. And for good reason.
You answered your own question there.
Yeah, even if there actually is no collusion between Trump and Russia, he has enough dirty laundry that he knows any investigation is gonna turn *something* up.
Word. I'm always on here and know these things inside and out. Feel free to hit me up anytime with questions.
I never understood the "Obama is a narcissist" thing. What was the basis if that? He was an actually confident man?
&gt; I mentioned something Obama is directly responsible for. Russia's infiltration of America. The fuck are you on about? I thought he was too busy spying on you?
I thought he was evil because he was spying on Americans communicating with the Russians. I thought Russia was Fake News!
What the hell are you talking about?
Lol. Ironic.
So did obama overreach or not do enough? Do you think it would have gone over well if he tried to "steal" the election by claiming Russian involvement at the time?
What?
When your own people are collaborating with the enemy... Also, the whole reason we are even talking about this is because it was discovered under Obama. So which is it? Is he ineffective, or overreaching?
Well, Trump is president now, not Obama. Obama can't do anything now. Do I wish he had? Hell ya! Am I privy to his knowledge at the time, motuvations, and exact reasoning? No. Are those two things mutually exclusive? No. Not to someone who perceives nuance. Meanwhile, the *current* president is rolling over and showing his belly on the whole thing, even encouraging it.
This myth needs to die. For-profit prisons are just one symptom of a systemic problem with our justice system, much like the $6 twinkies you brought up. We can rail against private prisons and still be aware that there are many other issues at play as well. I'm with you on everyone needing to be a little more informed on the subject though.
I'm so lost on this logic. So Obama not doing enough to stop it is how we got Trump, and now Trump isn't the biggest issue at the moment? It's like saying "This house is on fire. Stop trying to put it out, the important part is blaming the electrician who wired it, because they obviously are the one's at fault here, and that's the real issue." Deflection, nothing more.
&gt; Zima Thou shalt not speak it's name.
"To me they're not even human" Careful there. I understand your feeling, but they are still humans themselves, and ultimately hurting themselves as well.
Thank you, and yeah, he said "people" not "human."
My one Trump supporter friend now doesn't like to talk about politics and thinks it's all fucked anyway. I respect his desire and try not to bring it up. He's changed his mind about Trump, but is still in the denial/embarassment stage. Pushing him would likely help to send him back.
Check the username.
I stick with "simpler" work that can't be automated in that it is by nature hands on. Restoring and maintaining classic cars, functional and artistic metalworking (including using automation in the form of CAD and CNC), and other diverse artistic and hands on maintenance type areas. It's not a "rich" life, and never will be, but it's a *rich* life, and safe enough from automation until a drastic change in society, which I will gladly change for.
Comey seems like the type that just suited the role naturally. He's not perfect, but no one is, and he screams integrity and a sense of duty.
::holds "Vietnam Vet" sign:: *Dude, you're like, 10 years old, tops.* Hey brother, in dog years, I was 20 in 1967.
What happens if you send them to a "won" box? Lose a turn? You get to pick where to play next?
Yeah, I guess you can only be sent to a box as many times as there are squares to fill, so you're just playing defense once sent to a won box, and can never be sent to a full one. Pretty cool idea!
Well Bush did leave us quite a mess, one that Obama had to clean up as best he could. He was far from perfect, but comparing him to Bush is just ridiculous.
What do you think the reaction from the right would have been if he announced discrepancies in the election and acted on it?
So the rumor mill says.
&gt; Clinton, not Lynch No, Lynch. But either way, asking to slightly downplay the issue publicly is a bit different than "asking" to shut down the investigation, and firing anyone who doesn't comply.
Yup. And I just got 72 hours notice to vacate, because my roommates got into a huge fight, cops and all. I was just trying to get some sleep for work in the morning.
I'll allow you that one lol. On a related note, it's odd that the more authoritarian types are the types to complain about "elites" telling them what to do, then go for "strong leaders" who they think are better than everyone and will tell them what to do.
Never seen an engine "push oil" into the cylinders from stalling. Those plugs just look like that from the engine being cranked a bunch without firing.
On NBC, I believe. After his bullshitters said he fired Comey because of Hillary's emails, he came right out and said (paraphrasing, but not changing the meaning) "I got to thinking, this Russia thing is bs, he's gotta go."
Also, check that the flapper moves. I've seen them stick shut after an intake backfire.
Yet he won the popular vote. Go fig.
Fo figure, it means he was good enough to get more votes, with a highly questionable putcome in key states.
There doesn't need to be a crime to obstruct. Obstruction is itself a crime.
So you admit that Trump fired Comey because of the investigation?
Lordy, the difference between Comey and Sessions in the hot seat was almost like Trump vs Obama at the podium. I mean, still orders of magnitude different, but close enough. Comey was so cool, sure, dignified "I don't feel sure enough in my memory to state that as testimony," or "to the best of my recollection, and in reference to my memos at the time," Sessions was all "I do declare I don't recall!" and "Why are y'all bein' so mean to this demure southern gentleman?"
It's a lot easier to repress a people if you have a scapegoat. Opening up tourism and general relations will do wonders for the spread of free ideas. Again, 50 years of embargo obviously hasn't worked, but it'll work this time! The problem with a system like Cuba isn't that things don't trickle down, it's that it's designed to trickle up. When e regime is squeezed, they just squeeze the populace harder to maintain the same standard of power and wealth. As long as there is a people to milk, there will be no change. It's up to the Cuban people to change their country, not the US. The best we can do is to try to positively influence them. Though I'm not quite sure the US is a positive influence on anyone right now...
Plot twist, the repubs finally get sick of him tarnishing/exposing their brand after losing big in 2018, and start working with the Dems against him. Out of spite for their insolence, he enacts universal healthcare, UBI, free college, free birth control, paid abortions, mandatory gay weddings, universal bathrooms, turns the DAPL into a buffalo migration highway and thousand mile pot farm....
&gt; You are missing the bigger picture. Pretty much sums up that whole world view.
The alternative is no education for the non rich. I'm sure that won't result in a huge uptick in crime or outright revolution.
"WTF I love ________ now!"
It's cry laughing. It's an example of gallows humor, which is an age old defense mechanism in dark times.
So you admit he stole the election?
That made me smile ear to ear when she stuck the landing.
I know several. My dad for one. He worked 60 or more hours a week and made a good middle class salary (~$100k) in a very expensive city, with a family of five, but was smart with his savings and investments. Now he's retired and sitting on a decent nest egg and a few high value properties. Never once heard him complain about taxes or consider voting republican.
In addition to what that last guy said, if you have Amazon Prime, it's free for six months.
Just said it in a comment above you. Much progress is stifled by the notion that "I didn't have _____ so why should you get it now?" Even if ______ would also benefit them. I understand the feeling, it's like paying full price for something, then seeing it on sale for half off the next day. It sucks, but that's just life.
At least I got lunch outta the deal.
I just might. Lol. There's a kid named Josh there. Too funny!
Lol. Sup Josh, it's Eep.
Is a square acre a unit of volume?
The threat is still lingering though. You never know when the Deep State will Benghazi us all through our microwaves.
Only since Frederick Douglass became king there.
This exchange is beautiful. I can allllmost see a glimmer of light going off in your brain.
Ouch, my pride.
I've been randomly tempted several times recently to start collecting and DJing big beat. Got any links?
&gt; Who needs evidence, when we have known liars swearing it's true!!!???!!! Unironically the Trumper's true creed.
My fave recent one was "Trumps secret plan to take down Putin"
Like a bitch?
