Read it with my wife, and while it was helpful it's certainly no magic fix for relationship problems. I didn't care for the religious overtones, and the book simplified that people only speak one love language when in fact they can speak of all them depending on the situation.
Good to know at least my shoes and my belt will always get checked. The only thing that comforts my disdain for TSA is knowing that they're getting constantly radiated by the x-ray machines.
McLaren P1 still looks the most bonkers in person out of the three hypercars
I do this all the time with my LBS and they're cool with it. I support them by bringing my bike in for service and pay them accordingly.
Bust out the Bud Light Limes!!!
I'm surprised he's lasted this long. I know this is a development year for Aprilia but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing to be dead last every time.
I thought Ike Turner was the Hero of Music. lol
Mostly drugs according to The Armstrong Lie lol
The CTD won't be any more plusher. If you want plush, go with a Revelation or a Pike. The new Fox 36 is also very plush, and their new line of forks should be plush as well.
A Fox 32 is hardly an ultra light XC fork. He asked for opinions on plush from people who ridden both non CTD and CTD 32s and that's what I did. Now, how exactly are you helping?
The context of the post never said "I want a xc fork with only 100mm travel". They asked about plushness of CTD, which the only Fox fork atm that's plush is the 36. And I've had a 150mm 32, so much for being an xc only fork...
Clever quote, must have a hard time googling it. The Revelation is a 32mm stanchion fork just like the Fox 32 the OP was asking about..and it even comes in Dual Air to adjust it down to XC spandex loving levels. But go ahead and continue to be pissed that I mentioned a 36. What about a Boxxer, that should be plush right? LOL
Yo momma so fat that when she went swimming in the ocean, she came out with harpoons on her back
Samson is open, as is Big Cedar.
I rode Samson yesterday and it's in decent shape, just needs some trimming and there are two minor wet spots but most of the park is in rideable shape.
Rio Mambo in Arlington on Fridays, and Rio Mambo in Colleyville on Saturdays
I went two weekends ago pretty much just for the Simpsons area. $95 plus parking is expensive as hell, but I was in LA for work and wasn't about to fly back in the future just to go to Universal. I did really think they were going to have Bort licence plates but they didn't, although I did enjoy the Duff Brewery section. My favorite part was that they play classic clips from the show in all the waiting areas.
Buying stock in Crestfield Wax paper now...
Suntour forks. I know their air forks are supposed to be "ok" (although I haven't seen any details as to what kind of damping they use and how good it works), but their bottom rung stuff that they put on all beginner's bikes is all crap.
That was a great article. I went to see the USWNT almost ten years ago now in the FC Dallas stadium and I was shocked to witness how quiet it was despite it being packed. While it was cool to actually hear the players yell to each other, I couldn't help to think how awesome it would be if they had the 'real' soccer atmosphere. IMO it was a truly stupid decision to not have a WMLS, specially after '99.
Not looking good for Northshore, or any of the trails around Grapevine. Last I heard, the lake is 20+ feet over and the water will slowly be released so as to not flood places downstream.
TLD A1 helmet. Great fit, good ventilation, and great looks.
"Gotta walk that off. Caught me slippin'"
Sooo they pretty much they play and behave like any regular men's national team LOL
Obama should have been on Girl on Guy first instead of WTF
This movie was tailor-made for How Did This Get Made podcast, but I wouldn't want them to give FIFA any publicity or revenue.
No doubt this is the best way to go to not sink in a lot money on an entry level bike, but I'd rather find a good used fork with better damping and adjustment.
MotoGP clearly doesn't need Stoner. I don't know why people can't seem to let go and accept that a) he's gone and so are his golden days and b) motoGP has moved on and no one except die-hard fans have missed him
I honestly think the only guy so far that can retire and have a significant impact on MotoGP is Rossi.
Not any better than blind fanboyism. I'd much rather see new talent who are the future of the sport.
Best show ever.
LOL that's for sure.
I wish it would have gone 11 vs 11 the entire 90 mins. Sloppy indeed from the US, they don't have any other gameplan except "kick it to Wambach/Morgan". I'm ready to the US to get eliminated, way too much hype for low quality results.
Ducts, air handler and everything else besides the fan and compressor are in the attic.
I'm in Fort Worth so yeah if you don't mind passing me the info of the roofing company I'd appreciate it.
Thanks for the good input. I understand that hvac in the hot attic is not good but all homes here are built that way.
it's an all brick home. What kind of contractor do I contact for proper attic venting? I already had two radiant barrier guys come in recommending powered fans in the attic, but that's not the way I want to go and made me think that perhaps I should be talking to someone else.
Giggity giggity, allright!
Another vote for her character dying in Season 6. The sooner the better.
Not yet, the the trail steward from FWMBA posted that latest rain we had flooded the sections by the river and the ground is still seeping in the upper sections. Once the seeping stops it should dry quickly with all this heat.
Since the last world cup, Chile sure are trying their best to be the douchiest team from south america.
The downturn was the perfect excuse for companies to get rid of jobs, pay less, and have employees do more work. They're perfectly happy to keep things this way since "times are still tough" and "we need to stay on the path of recovery" or whatever BS they can spin.
And that would do what exactly? I'm not talking about working minimum wage jobs, I'm talking about some of the biggest corporations in this country.
Suntour's bottom-end forks really are junk. It's really crappy that pretty much all beginner bikes come with these type of forks--I'd rather not get a fork and find my own or get a rigid fork.
You win the award for most misguided post ever. I'm not even from mexico but I have a hard time giving any kind of validity to any of your "points" since they're based on completely erroneous assumptions.
You've nailed it. I cannot wait for them to get knocked out and have the likes of Wambach and hopefully Morgan go off into the sunset.
There are far, far worse things in this country to worry about besides "they took our jubs!" hysteria. By the way, correlation does not equal causation for whatever it is that you have "objectively observed".
This may break the internet.
Agreed that the tactics and the playing philosophy need a serious and complete overhaul. The USWNT's tactics were long in the tooth even back in '99. Japan has shown that you can win by playing good, smart soccer and not by only out running/out muscling your opponent.
Dad, why did you bring me to a gay steel mill?
I'm sure there is a kilo of cocaine, a jet ski, and a bmx bike just out of the frame of the camera.
In my experience this isn't really accurate because she wouldn't have even been invited in the first place to an event where it's mostly couples/married people.
No they won't, just watch Japan play.
So what cargo got blown up during this or was it not carrying anything important?
What a piece of crap car. Not because it's got that paint job or because it's lowered, but because it's just plain terrible car. Never have I felt like I was driving a pure appliance like I did when I got stuck with a Prius for two weeks on a work trip.
I wish The Stig would have been with them (or even taken off his helmet) at the end. Both episodes were hilarious and I guess i'm still in a state of shock/denial that it was truly the last episode. I felt incredibly uncomfortable when both said 'thank you for watching and goodnight'
Come on, sticky penis wheels!!
The brakes are indeed good, but that's the only positive thing I've got to say. When these cars came out, I definitely understand why you'd get one but now that other brands have caught up I honestly don't see why you'd buy one. I've driven a hybrid Hyundai before and that car was great--it felt like a normal car and it was optioned and styled inside and out like a normal car. Part of my intense dislike for the Prius is my contempt for Toyota. They give you the bare bones and expect you to pay a premium based on the reputation of cars they made 20+ years ago.
The new series should be called: POWER!!
I don't have a problem with MM being agressive, but he needs to stop his whining when things don't go his way.
Yes, but I feel that Toyota are the worst offenders in making it a point to put the least effort into a car, demanding a premium for it, and refuting that it's not a good car just because it has their logo in the front. The "new" Tacoma is almost a perfect example--claiming it's the instantaneous best truck ever when really is that it's a warmed-over rehash of the current model with problems that they still don't know how to fix.
How does Smith even know what happens at the top of the grid? LOL
It was never designed for that.
Come on, sticky penis wheels!
Not looking forward to this movie
This guy needs to retire running his mouth about MotoGP. He sounds like one of those douchebags who like to badmouth their ex when in fact they got dumped for being a douchebag.
All parts of this story sound incredibly messed up. I sincerely hope this guy, his ex-wife, and their kids get some good therapy since I'm sure none is this has had any kind of good effect on any of them--whether direct or indirect.
I've got a '12 SB-66 that I picked up used last year. I've ridden it hard and no issues. It's a tank but it has the geometry that all the new bikes are still trying to catch up with. Some wide rims and high volume tires and it will almost feel like a 27.5. Put some decent suspension on it and it will shred with the best of them.
I built mine from the frame up. It's got a Pike and RS Debonair with 2x10 Sram x9 drivetrain and a Reverb dropper. The wheels are WTB i23 with Trail Kings. I haven't weighed it but I'd say around mid 30lbs. i'm not a weight weenie so it doesn't affect me, but just the frame itself weights around 17lbs if remember correctly.
She's a good scream queen. She probably got the worst death out of all the expandable characters. I sort of wish she'd stuck around.
I got grossed out and scared as hell all in one. The 'birthing' scene with Pablo was one of the most disgusting things I've seen in a show, and the creepy 'children' were scary as hell. I like how Ash put duct tape on the cut on the side of his face LOL
Dodged a bullet on that one, go out an celebrate!
This is exciting. there must be something there if even yamaha were playing with it. Bring on the crazy wings!
New road on East 1st Street along with a new pedestrian bridge that will connect the paved trail across the river, among some other stuff.
I won't put it past Stoner to be pissed off enough at Honda to come back and spoil their game plan, and possibly winning some races with a better Duc won't hurt either.
Welcome to the dark side of apartment living, where the leasing agent will tell you everything to get you to sign the lease but will seldom stand by any of it followed up by random surprises thrown in. Move out to a "better" complex (they're all not good in different ways) or rent/buy a house.
Beware of used full suspension bikes that are a couple of years old. Technology moves quickly, and who knows how they've been maintained. It's a lot smarter to go with a new(er) hardtail than an older full suspension.
Oh hell no. She's terrible.
Yes I did.
I had high hopes for it based on Daredevil, but the pacing, character development, plot, and bad acting really killed it for me.
But Rossi did get penalized, and Marquez has yet to be reigned in so this article doesn't really make sense. If Rossi is that big a driver, he'd have his 10th championship or maybe even more. Dorna is dominated by the Spanish, so it's highly dubious that they're catering only to Rossi.
This. There is a lot of crap that passes as Salsa these days. I wasn't in love with salsa when I started dancing but the more I explored into the music itself the more I wanted to dance and the more I wanted to explore the music, etc. Ultimately, it's ok if salsa music isn't your thing but do some exploring in the genre before you write it off--you might be surprised.
Oh for sure, hence why the last race had no controversy. I'm being sarcastic btw. Dorna showed that they know which side the bread is buttered by how they handled what happened.
I put one on earlier last month (Wolftooth) when I switched to 1x11 and no dropped chains so far. I've been riding for about 3 years now, and maybe i'm still not experienced enough to tell a difference between a regular chainring and the oval. I knew I needed a 30T for climbing but picked a 32T oval. So far I've been able to climb like I used to with my 2x10 setup. I'd say go for it, it definitely can't hurt.
Buy tires on Tirerack and have them shipped to a NTB. Cheaper or at least the same price as Discount.
I ordered an adjustable riser block along with a mat at the same time I ordered the trainer, so hopefully I'll be good to go. I've been thinking of getting a computer, but seems like none do rpm without a powermeter or using a 'smart' trainer.
Sad all around. This guy should be getting the mental help he needs instead of being left to his own devices.
I wonder if it was pancreatic cancer
Railhead bbq. Fred's burgers. Chef Point is a kick-ass as well.
Congrats, now take some time to tidy up all those loose cables all over the place.
Good to see that someone in that position can still smile. It was truly heart-breaking to see how this kid was ground up and spit out by the system.
Just look how hard it is got get police officers prosecuted who have killed people while they were being detained.
so what was the MOTIVE for the murder of TH? I don't remember this ever been mentioned in the trial by either the prosecution or defense.
I was about to post essentially the same thing. I have family and friends in Austin and I hope FW doesn't become like present-day Austin. More than 5 years ago I'd love to live in Austin but not anymore. Traffic, stupid rent/property prices, way too many people, traffic.
Agreed that because of the infrastructure and the way it's laid out a growth of 1mil people is more drastic in a place like Austin. Austin is slowly bloating by absorbing places around like Round Rock, Bee Caves, Buda, etc as people trot further out to find more affordable/less crowded places to live.
One year of living under people who stomped around at all hours of the night cured me of living in multi-level apartment complexes. I lived in townhome-style apartments from that point on and thankfully I own a home now. The relief of knowing that no one will ever live above me again is priceless.
Try a 32T oval. I went with this setup and it does feel a little easier to climb on compared to a normal 32T.
We used Bridge Residential to rent from and they were good although their maintenance person was a pain to deal with.
Maybe Kate del Castillo was the consultant for the narco storyline, seeing as she so buddy-buddy with El Chapo.
I hope the Rams remaining home games look like what the Oilers games looked like after they said they were moving to Tennessee.
If loving big boobs is wrong, then I don't want to be right...
I got a ticket in that section a while ago. My fault ultimately but it's totally BS that it goes from 75 to 50 for no damn reason other than to give tickets.
Fiveten Freerider Elements. They're made to be mostly waterproof. If you don't care that much about the stiffness of the sole or pedaling dynamics, then any of the hiking shoes you listed will be fine. I used trail hiking shoes when I started and they did the job, but I got a pair of 5.10s on sale and they were more than a step above what I was using.
Real Estate.
Regal in Fossil Creek and Cinemark in Alliance Town Center both have the updated reclining motorized seats that you can almost lay down in.
TV respects me. It laughs with me, not *at* me.
Smith and Pinkett are involved with Scientologists. That should be enough to invalidate any arguments or points they're trying to make. They should go complain to Tom about not being nominated.
This show had me in stitches and so glad to see the Police Squad/Naked Gun humor make a come-back. This show really needs a true deadpan guy like Leslie Nielsen, and they need to pace the gags a bit better but so far so good. Rashida Jones can do no wrong!
That's fine, and you keep reading People, Vanity Fair, etc.
The Boy looks properly creepy and scary! Are you afraid of being typecast in the horror genre due to The Walking Dead? From the Talking Dead and other interviews it seems like you've got a great sense of humor, it'd be great to see you in a comedic role!
What about Kratz? Is a predatory sex maniac ok to move in next door?
Heard this on NPR yesterday, and was cracking up listening to the first two songs. I've been getting into jazz over the past couple of months and find this hilarious considering all the phases jazz has gone through and all the different jazz genres that came about.
"Lisa, get away from that Jazz man!" LOL
It will really depend on what Vale decides to do IMO. I don't see Jor-gey going anywhere else and we all know Marquez isn't going anywhere.
Orthopedic surgeon's dream come true.
I would watch "Washing Machines of The People" if it were to be hosted by May. He can make anything look and sound interesting.
i really hope there is more meat to this than them just getting into crazy situations looking for a cat, otherwise it's going to be like a really, really long Key &amp; Peele skit. Freaking hilarious with the George Michael song.
and I barely went to 1x11 last month! 50T sounds nuts. I'm fat and out of shape and even I don't think I need that much range unless i want to put like a 38T on the front. I'm happy as it is with the Shimano GX set-up. No special hub driver and it works well. Now if they could only find a solution to dropping down the chain down the cassette when backpedaling in the 42T.....
Maybe it's just me but this year's round-table vids have been specially crappy. No real insight on the bikes, followed by the same comments (e.g. "this was plush", "I had fun", "this rails", etc). In addition, it certainly boggles my mind that you'd fly out a team of testers out to Vermont with a bunch of bikes, gear, tools, etc and yet not think of bringing some lapel mics for the round table vids. The audio is just freaking terrible!
Javier Mascherano: The Wesley Snipes of Football. Is it that they just don't want to pay taxes or is it that they're not the sharpest tool in the shed to pick someone around them competent enough to handle their finances?
Yep. It almost made me start drinking wine...and I hate wine.
Partly true but they don't have the exact same suspension kinematics and I'm sure the geometry while similar can't be the exact same. I was hoping that people that work for a bike magazine reviewing bikes could come up with more insight than the same buzz words.
Anthem to me felt like a hard and fast XC bike that would be good for racing. The Camber is a bit more comfortable but still XC and harsh. Try to go test ride both and see how they feel.
Japan is pretty racist so this isn't a surprise.
Aprilia factory contract then? I don't see Suzuki or Ducati signing him.
I have similar in-laws. They claim to be always in "I have to save money" mode but the wife got a new laptop for Christmas and the husband is sporting the latest cell phone. Not to mention their upcoming vacation only for the two of them without the kids. Meanwhile the kids learn that they come last in this family, and that if they want anything they have to get it themselves or from other family members.
I still remember a time before the MLS existed--back when soccer got less coverage than extreme sports. The fact that the US could field a very competent team for the '90 and '94 World Cups is still an impressive achievement. I'm pleasantly surprised the MLS has stuck around as long as it has, but at the same time it seems to have stagnated. I rarely, if ever, watch a MLS game. While the quality of play has slowly been growing, it still isn't very good and the refereeing is god-awful. Beckham did do a lot for the MLS and US soccer in general, but i feel like not enough was done to maintain and build on that momentum. The whole designated player always going to the same teams (LA, NY) got old quick. The MLS started off as a joke in the minds of traditional soccer fans, and it's grown and improved a lot since then but it's still a retirement league.
I thought this was going to be all about him ironing the bill of his hat to get it as flat as possible LOL But in all seriousness, looks like a lot of freaking hard work. The motocross part looks fun but having to work out religiously as well as watching your weight doesn't sound fun at all.
But they can change! lol
Yet they don't accept Diners Club...
Well, if Honda would have kept their trap shut about having "absolute proof in the data" that Rossi kicked Marquez then no one would be asking about it. Everyone involved handled this poorly last year, and they're not handling it so well now by continuing to bring it up.
If you want to be served by underage, scantily-clad girls then go to Ojos Locos. Same creepy predator vibe from the men and desperate-for-attention vibe from the women.
I hope so, otherwise she comes off too desperate to be in a relationship. This is her first year of grad school and a new baby, let her focus on getting her life stable and let the character to grow to figure out what she wants. Jane is in her what early to mid 20s, so there is still a lot to learn about life.
The old Conan show was the best.
It's "you're" not "ur". This isn't twitter.
Ok, terrific! You're still a tool.
Ok, go back to your room and play.
Why is he dressed like an extra from a 90's Disney Channel show?
If fat bikes are your thing then go for it. Plus bikes have tons of traction and you don't really pick lines, you just plow through stuff.
It's CONNOR, and yes it was.
I freaking love watching reruns of The Wayans Brothers, you and Shawn have always been hilarious. Is Shawn ever going to make a cameo in one of your movies as dj SW-1?
Umm yeah sure. Because going to Qatar, Dubai, or China is more dignified...
That's good camera work. I can hardly see the strings controlling this life-size puppet that people keep referring to at Chris Evans.
I find this surprising--said no one ever
Great bike, wish i could afford one. The lefty other than being weird, looks just pimpin' on a road bike.
you mean no one wanted to buy an ugly-ass car?
I miss The Todd. It's hilarious that he's a surgeon.
Everyone crying about a dead junkie
You probably know a lot more about that from experience than me.
It does seem redundant to sign Smith and Pol, but maybe KTM want the experience in GP over bringing a young gun up from Moto2/3.
Good for him but this make it a lot harder for his brother to find a factory ride if he doesn't stay with Suzuki.
Kind of hard to tell but looks like he is hit by the bike or he hits the bike as they both make contact with the wall? Is there no gravel/kitty litter on that corner to slow a crash down?
Disney had an all-inclusive campus like facebook and google do today, but he worked everyone to the bone for what they thought was not enough pay so they went on strike.
Fiore doesn't know jack shit about soccer, even though he's been pretending to for decades now. His only claim to fame is that he was in that show which also starred Sofia Vergara back in the 90's. Lalas can be obnoxious but at least he's actually played as a professional unlike anything Fiore has ever done.
He wasn't wrong
Yep, I don't see how this could fail in any way. Hey at least they'll be a lot of repossessed cheap cars in the near future.
Allegedly he was a predator of underage girls, so there is that.
Google it. I read it on a gossip site but they've been right about a lot of things before.
It was a nice clean fight, only fitting that they'd shake on it.
LMAO at the Potato-nado comment. If Iannone can figure out how to stop crashing he'll be a force to reckon with. Definitely a fitting succesor to Sic.
It's good to see both taking the high road and thinking about the bigger picture. It certainly wasn't doing the sport or either of their images any good to keep the feud going at the same level as the end of last season. JL still a big a-hole though.
Ducati have a handful on their hands. Iannone is faster than Dovi for sure but he's wild. Certainly him being booted off the team and the 'talking to' from Argentina aren't helping things, I imagine. He's off to another team anyway, so I'd think it would be in both of their best interests to sit down and tell him "hey, we got your back and you're still our man until the end of the season so don't feel like you have to ride at the limit at every corner. Let's kick some butt together". Sometimes positive reinforcement goes much further than scolding someone.
That's enough, Chris Evans!
No Zeelenberg either. Interesting.
I had really bruised ribs from a fall earlier this year and it freaking hurt! Stay strong, and take it easy so it that you can heal quicker and better. Work on the project bike or now is the time to rebuild your suspension or upgrade some parts :-)
Also do not use any broker lending company. Go to a bank to get your mortgage loan.
I didn't know her and Matt Lauer were having a kid
Austin has been smoke free for years, and it hasn't hurt business at all. Time for Fort Worth to step into modern times.
I'm shocked this doesn't happen more often. People are truly dumb when it comes to obeying the rules at Yellowstone.
Awesome. I'm surprised that manufacturers don't do this regularly, as people need info when buying a second hand bike that's a few years old.
I've been there, trying to find geometry numbers in my case.
Not to mention the metric shock sizing, which will make all bikes including the ones released this year obsolete
New Honda is the old Ducati
How the fuck is this legal? Yet another reason to never go to Oklahoma
If you've seen any of maradona's interviews or his talk show during the last world cup, it's almost obvious that the drugs and abuse on his body have taken a toll. The guy struggles to put a coherent sentence together.
Then why didn't he retire a long time ago?
Lorenzo loves to play the "we're risking our lives" card, yet he failed to show up for the safety meeting after someone actually lost their life.
Fuck Hogan and his shady backer. If Jalopnik goes with it, there will be hell to pay.
Not a Brazil fan, but this entire tournament is nothing but a boondoggle and shameless money-grab.
This is for the federation officials to make money, not the players.
who the hell dresses this guy?
We got some at JC Penney and a big one from Pottery Barn. We have a lot of windows that face directly west, and in those summer days when the sun is brutal they do make quite a bit of difference.
If you plan on riding a Walmart/big box store bike with any kind of regularity, it will most likely fall apart and you'll end up spending more than the price of the bike in repairs.
HA HA. Why not just get rid of him completely? With so many host they don't need him.
I'm amazed this dude is still alive and functional with how much drugs he uses
Chris Rock was right, make the bullets ridiculously expensive.
That's enough posting on reddit, Chris Evans.
Somehow not surprised it was rich white kids in Waco.
The v1 or v2 Bronson? There is enough difference in how they ride to separate the two.
He can't stop smoking weed just like Slurms couldn't stop partying.
Alternatives for a v2 I'd look at a Nomad or an Intense Tracer or Yeti SB5/6. v1 rides a little different than the v2, the rear end is not as playful and pedaling out of the saddle and climbing is not as quite as good as the v2, but still a great bike. An angleset headset to slacken out my v1 a degree has done wonders for the bike; super stable going downhill and avoid the crappy fox CTD shocks.
I definitely feel bad for him. He did wonders on that Forward bike which Colin couldn't find a way to ride. He put his time in on the CRT bikes, and he had momentum when he signed for Suzuki. I'm not on the Viñales hype train; the guy obviously has a lot to learn as displayed at the last race. I think Suzuki have done a particularly crappy job at handling this entire situation.
Well, at least it wasn't 0-7 LOL I only started watching midway through the second half when it was 0-3, so the game was practically over at that point. I think overall what should have happened, happened. I'm kind of glad the US got a dose of reality, and I hope they take this as a lesson learned in what needs to happen to take US Soccer to the next level instead of point fingers amongst themselves. On the other hand, they can all say they played against Messi at his prime and they can all learn from this--you only get better by competing against people better than you. The reality is that the US's lack of talent and underdeveloped youth system can only take you so far, and we just saw how far we still have to go.
When even the most minor of disagreements quickly escalates to a full blown out fight
Never heard or been to this place, but doesn't surprise me it didn't last in 7th due to low foot traffic. 7th st doesn't have enough parking, specially on the weekends.
I only know of the one by the movie tavern and you have to get parking validated in weekend nights. Street parking is a joke on weekends. I go to Colonel's often and it's a hassle finding parking whenever I have to pick up my bike on weekday afternoons.
Your instructor wasn't very good. I'm not rhythm-gifted at all so I had to learn counts and have some understanding of how the music is put together before I could "feel the music". What helped me was listening to salsa--a lot of salsa--and looking to find the beat in each song. Some songs are a lot better than others. Another thing that helped was to learn to dance other rhythms (like Bachata and cha-cha-cha) and finding the beat in that music. Once you learn to find the beat, you can dance to pretty much anything.
It's all about the fit. I tried a Super 2R and it fit like a spaghetti strainer on my head, while in other people it fits perfectly. I haven't tried a Met; I really wish these were more available in the US.
Sounds like a F1 race at Circuit of The Americas.
Mr. Gumble, this is a Girl's Scouts meeting Is it? Or is it that you girls can't admit you have a problem?
When did the Star Telegram's website get so shitty? I tried going to the article but it took me on endless re-directs to ads to the front page and back to more ads.
For as much as Cal has crashed this season, I'm slightly surprised they've chosen to keep him.
What the hell are these windbags talking about who probably have never kicked a soccer ball in their entire life? This is soccer, not skiing. The culture is a big part of the problem but the infrastructure is even more so. There is no clear path to make it from your local town all the way to Barcelona/Man U/Bayern/etc. Until that changes, you won't attract top talent and you won't develop anything.
His work has been incredibly, but yes completely agree with this.
I completely blame this on Chris Evans.
The red-headed marionette come to life.
LOL at all the Texas suggestions. Try visiting Oklahoma, or Kansas, or New Mexico...or any of the ones that still deeply believe in the "War of Northern Aggression".
That's scary as hell. I used to live in Lancaster and wild fires are no joke.
Texas politics are crap and it's a permanent red state, but I highly question that it's that "influential". If you're looking for dangerously influential culprits, look no further than the religious right.
Makes sense. The sooner the UK leaves, the sooner the EU can get back to business and try to keep its members together. What they're trying to avoid is a domino effect.
Wow, true cynicism and arrogance of revisionism on display. Maybe Elias should ask the gangs for help on his PR problem.
That may be the case, but something tells me this is a symptom rather than the cause of the disease. Texas certainly deserves a lot of the crap it gets, but I think it's hardly alone and not solely to blame for the conservative influence in the House and Senate that you're pointing out.
1x11 after having 3x9 and 2x10. 3x was just too redundant, never used the biggest ring. 2x was pretty good but still annoyed with front derailleur. I demoed some bikes with 1x and realized I could have almost the same range of gears plus the simplicity of only having one derailleur and shifter, haven't regretted going 1x at all.
We have a true idiot as a governor right now, please don't pay attention to him
Cowards. If it's the pinnacle of motorcycle racing, then let them innovative.
Lorne Michaels had that movie and gave it to Sandberg and co, so not really a Lonely Island movie.
This sucks, I actually liked the show. The first season was terrible but once they stuck to only challenges and stopped trying to be like the original, it actually got very entertaining.
Definitely a Miller fan after this. So honest and heartfelt, unlike some of the other riders on the grid.
Good for him. I don't envy Messi's role with the NT at all when it comes to filling Maradona's shoes in the eyes of Argentina; it's like being with a chick who can't stop talking about her ex who she used to party and do lots of blow with back in the day. Messi doesn't have anything to prove, and you don't need a WC win or any major tournament to be a football icon--just ask C. Ronaldo. Germany won the WC but you don't see any kids in Afghanistan making Muller shirts out of plastic bags.
Seeing Lorenzo riding around in 19th place was oddly satisfying.
It looks like something Jason Clarkson or James Steed would have come up with
I like how the english players just ball-watched the entire build up of the goal.
So maybe now England will stop acting like they're the best in the world and favorites to win any tournament they compete in?
Those are my thoughts as well.
Worst was a family of elephants living above me in a crappy apartment I rented for a year. I don't know if they were actual elephants, but they sure sounded like it. Worst part is that they never seemed to sleep and sometimes I could hear the bed squeak in the middle of the night. These weren't remote good looking people, so the thought of what they were doing was nightmare fuel.
At least Rossi admitted he screwed up. What's Lorenzo's excuse this time?
I did, it wasn't a question.
Sarcasm doesn't come across well on the internet.
and your point is?
It seems like he's been playing forever; definitely a legend even when he was young.
That's often the point.
Electrolyte tablets in the water and energy gels. Try to ride in a trail that has some shade, or take frequent breaks in the shade. Ride in the early evening or early morning. I live in Texas and I used to take just ice water and that's not enough when it's so freaking hot. Cold water with electrolytes really helps as well as an energy gel/food every hour I'm riding. I also wear lighter pads and clothing in the summer.
I'm 5'10" and the L Hightower felt right at a demo, just like my v1 large Bronson feels right on. Go for the XL unless you like a short bike but the bike comes set up well with a short stem and wide bars, so going to the other way might make it not feel as great.
Sell it if you really don't use it. Put the money towards your road bike, or get another mtb that's better suited to your trails or get a gravel bike that can do both road and can handle some mellow singletrack.
No they weren't. They could have easily been beat by a minnow and crash out in the same manner back then as they did yesterday. I thought Umbro was still owned by Nike but apparently they're now owned by the same company that owns Rocawear and Strawberry Shortcake, among others.
That's an epic sign
At least they finally took down those rusty light poles in the parking lot. I pass by there often on my way to Sansom Park, and earlier this year one of those light poles broke at the base and crashed onto the parking lot during a storm. I've lived in FW since '03 and never saw that place open for business; it's about time they did something with it.
This is something that people in the US haven't been able understand about soccer--how it can truly bring an entire country together. The closest experience is the Super Bowl, but even that is pretty tame by comparison.
As a former moto rider, this is damn terrifying. At least he was wearing a helmet, jacket, and hopefully gloves but i'm sure his knees are shredded. This is why I always wore all my gear while riding, even if it was hot as hell.
Openly talking about the 'drama' they had with their ex(s) and admitting to facebook stalking them afterwards to figure out what went wrong.
I assume that luxury vinyl = laminate flooring? They make commercial grade laminate now that can look very nice and upscale and won't scratch. The wood looking tile can look very nice too but I'd be worried about breaking a tile, having to clean all that grouting, and the eventual shift of the tiles. The thing about laminate is that the cheap stuff can look extremely cheap and crappy if not done right. The wood tiles in general look nicer but when I was looking at houses to buy I'd prefer to have the real thing or at least engineered over wood looking tile. It looks nice for a bathroom or kitchen but not the living space IMO.
I see nothing but world-class, championship winning stuff right here!!--said every English pundit.
That sucks. It really turned around once it found its own identity. The first two seasons or so were downright painful to watch, but they had some epic episodes after that. The off-roading trip on a rental car, the Alaska trip, and they actually showed some love to the old cars people actually had back in the day--like an Eclipse, mk1 MR2, etc.
I think the "good" laminate is mostly composite, so not really plywood and hence it can be essentially waterproof and scratch-resistant. I had to google LVT and looks to be a modern version of linoleum flooring from the old days.
and I'm sure the government in no way, shape, or form have been in infiltrated to some degree by members of paramilitary groups.
He came back to the NT only to be suspended in the middle of a WC
and they won that world cup by some very dodgy refereeing among other things
It's the Evolution version by the looks of it, and most likely CTD which yes it was not good at all. 32mm stanchions are ok for xc riding which this bike is for, but for riding more aggressively and more technical terrain you're going to want more travel and a stiffer fork.
The CTD 32 forks had god awful damping--I had one. Mine was the Factory version with kashima coating and it still sucked. Dove like crazy in braking, blew through travel, and overall was just harsh. It's not a coincidence Fox redid their dampers and got rid of CTD.
Post in on Nextdoor as well.
Maybe all that weed will help him be impervious to Zika, bacteria in the water, etc.
Scary as hell, bears are no joke. I wish I lived near the mountains but on the other hand I don't want to be where the bears are.
Since you've got a background of breakdancing and house, you probably have a leg up on musicality (feeling the music and finding the beat) than most people. Unfortunately there isn't a lot of crossover since the timing is different. Bachata has a uniform rhythm (similar to marching) while Salsa is quick-quick-slow or slow-quick-quick depending if you're dancing On1 or On2. This affects the timing of the turns a lot, among other things.
Hopefully she'll go straight into center of the sun
Pros is that you can dab a foot anytime and prevent crashes. It's much easier to bail out with flats on sketchy terrain than with clips. Flats also help you with technique since you have to use proper technique to not come off the pedals when you're jumping or going down techy terrain. Cons is that good flat pedals are expensive and finding the right ones can take a little while. Shoes are very important as well, and sole stiffness won't be as good as with clipless shoes. Most flat shoes border between looking like skate shoes and orthopedic shoes. If your flat pedals have pins (and they should), they'll most likely shred your shins or your calves when you crash.
I know one dude in my area that pays like $50 a month with a $100 deductible on his bike since he rides hard and breaks parts. But if you're breaking things and paying $100 all the time plus the monthly fee, it hardly seems worth it to me.
As if awards can't be bought....
I didn't, i was "ghosted". This would have been fine if we were in high school, but we were both in our 30's.
I'm in Texas and definitely want to plan a trip to ride there.
At this point, i'd take an underground mining tunnel to get away from traffic on 35
I've used the ESI regulars, Chunky, and racer's edge. I've been using Ergon grips for a while now because they're more durable, easy to put on/off, and more ergonomic.
So what is wrong with the current one? Apart from the parking situation, I'd argue "nothing". Ticket prices and everything related have kept going up and attendance too, but it can't keep going up forever.
Apart from being expensive, they suck at routing traffic well to the different colored lots.
That's for sure. I'd have to think they're setting themselves up for a bubble with the new stadium.
If you can't understand or define racism, you've never experienced it. Consider yourself very lucky, and stfu when other people who do have to deal with it are talking.
So there is blood doping, motorized doping, and now genital doping? Cycling is crazy.
He'd sew on a couple more if he could
The stands at turn 1.
&gt;I would really like an all around bike made for trails, downhill, and some dirt jumping. Sorry bud but you're not going to find that in your budget. Most bikes are very good nowadays, but with your budget you're looking at a mid level hardtail or a basic FS. Your best bet is to go used for a bike a couple of years old. Think about what trails you'll actually be riding the most, and go from there.
Maybe it was the make-up or whatever but she looked in her 40s. I didn't even recognize her.
For hand tools I'd say Kobalt if you want the same confidence as Craftsman. I'm a shade tree mechanic and do have some China Freight tools that are ok (set of impact sockets, plyers, hammers) but others have been total garbage, as expected. Oddly enough, my most useful and trusted tool has been a Stanley ratchet wrench with a hinged head. I bought it at walmart is the early 2000's and it's working flawlessly to this day. OTOH, as set of Stanley screw drivers turned out to be junk. I've had Black &amp; Decker stuff too, and has been mostly junk too. Northern Tools has good stuff but pricey, and there is always Amazon.
Gateway? Pretty large fields there plus away from the airports.
that girl's eyebrows are extremely distracting, and this story looks bland at most.
"We could stretch that to 6M but we'd like to stay under 5M"
Good, the ban is BS. Learn to share the trails.
Good, now Cubans will finally understand what other Hispanics have been dealing with for decades.
That high-horse riding, know-nothing assholes like you will try to out them down at every step because they have no clue what they're talking about.
If you don't understand the situation or have the mind of a child, then sure it can be reduced to that.
A stupid remark deserves a stupid response.
No, you don't. But go ahead and keep thinking that you do; try not to break your arm patting yourself on the back on that.
Common fallacy, not exclusive to Cubans really.
The only fact here is that you're fixated in an incredibly simplistic point of view. Good luck with that.
Based on my empirical evidence, that's at least 90% of people that go to church.
They probably want to be in government, just like the FMLN
Welcome to every living minute of any under-represented minority group.
Seems pretty solid, the only weakness I see are the fork and the brakes but unless you're getting a deal I'd take my $1k budget and look for a used bike that you can get a lot more bang for your buck. There is nothing wrong with the Raleigh, but as you start riding more and progress more you may get into this spiral of "gee this fork feels heavy" or 'hmm these wheels feel weak or go out of true easily" or "i wish these brakes were more powerful", etc.
No, that's just called discrimination.
Look at it this way, the ball doesn't care who or what kicks it. The physiological differences aside, the question that hardly anyone asks is simply: why. Social reasons? Infrastructure? Etc?
Just be honest, you don't like women doing anything that threatens your views or values. However you want to rationalize it, it still is BS. Pay for whatever you want, but look at your mother or grandmother in the eye next time you see them and tell them to their face that you think they're below you.
Just admit that you do view women as lesser, every argument you've made so far points that out. Be brave, if you truly believe that then say it. But that doesn't meant what you believe is the the truth.
That is a good deal for that bike, and like I said its a solid spec minus a couple of things. It should be plenty to get you riding and figure out what you want your mtb experience to be.
No clue, but it wouldn't surprise me if they want a piece of the pie. They already have political power in the neighborhoods they control, so why not go "legit" if you know that you can get elected?
Agreed, they just don't care. They still wouldn't care even if the video came out of his pee pee party lol. They won't care until he screws them over, which is coming.
You missed the point. Trumpers don't care; he was right when he said he could shoot someone in the middle of NY and not lose a single vote. They won't care until he does something that screws them over, then they'll care.
Had one, sold it for different reasons other than parking.
Hope the shooter gets the book thrown at them, stupid people.
So you'd empty your gun on the person over "a threating move"? Ok, Clint Eastwood. How about not threaten someone with a fucking gun over a door ding? Both of these badasses thought they were being tough, and now one is dead and the other will go to jail.
If I was the employee, I'd walked out while violently flipping you off. You should have let him go, and then check up later.
If you're stupid enough to take out a gun in a public argument, there are only two courses of action: you're going to shoot someone, or you're going to get shot. The true solution is not be dumb enough to take out a gun in the first place, like you know, a civilized person. BTW Bedford or any place around here isn't some heavy crime third-world country (which I doubt you've ever been) where your type of attitude toward brandishing a gun is warranted. If you are in that type of area or environment, move--simple as that.
"feeling threatened" is highly subjective. Some people feel threatened just by talking to them, or standing to close to them depending on how they're feeling that day. It's sad that you're so quick on the bangwagon of the shooter, without knowing all the details yourself. Someone got shot multiple times in public over a car door ding and a child was left without a parent and a spouse without their partner. Have some humanity.
I'm not planning on seeing it because the trailer makes it seem like total crap. Pure hacky emotional manipulation to make a quick buck. They should leave the emotional stuff to animated movies.
Who?
Don't like it? Don't go. Or organize your own event, or attend another event. Of course this has a political bias, you'd be stupid to think it didn't. The statement of inclusiveness is to get something other than white straight women to show up (e.g. men, minorities, people with disabilities, etc).
I'd go used for the best bang for the buck, go with the Meta or if you're dead set on going with one from a LBS then go with the one that fits the best and can get you the best price. Unfortunately FS bikes at that price range usually come with shocks and forks that don't feel or perform that well, and the bikes themselves may not come with a decent set of components. The components problem can be solved easily, but for upgrading suspension you'll be looking at doubling the price of the bike in some cases.
Got the email from them two days ago, and was immediately disgusted. Cramped cabins, planes never on time, just barely adequate customer service, etc. Like all things having to do with airlines, it won't stick if people don't buy the fares. But there are plenty of cheapskates that don't care about being transported like livestock, so this will be a permanent thing now.
I don't think it's games to keep people from getting hurt, if anything those games do a lot more harm than good. It's people not wanting or not knowing how to communicate with honesty.
I have no dog in this fight (lol) since the movie looked crappy anyway but I'm not about to believe that every animal got the best treatment ever or that they were being constantly beaten either. The truth is somewhere in the middle, but the damage is done and looking on the bright side at least we are going to be spared a crappy movie.
Because people are cowards, both men and women who do this. They're don't know how to handle a crucial conversation so they take the easy way out, and then try to make themselves feel better about it by saying "oh I didn't want to hurt their feelings, etc". I've done this too in the past, and I admit it was because I didn't know how to tell the person that.
NOPE!
My coworker bought a used Civic for his daughter that was a junior in college. The girl didn't want to learn how to drive and was perfectly fine having her mom drop her off and pick her up from school. She's a senior now and still doesn't know how to drive. I would have killed for a car back in high school instead of having to ride the damn bus all through high school.
Marion Jones served time there
Fuck Trump, and his Putin offspring too. Maybe he shouldn't have insulted everyone except racist white males during his campaign.
Plenty of vids on YouTube that explain mtb suspension. I recommend the ones by Vorsprung Suspension. To answer your questions: 1) you dampen the compression to keep the fork from blowing through its travel when it's being compressed. Air pressure is how much force it takes to hold you up allowing for the recommended sag. Same as a car spring--too weak and the car will scrape the ground and bounce and too stiff and the car will be tall and ride like a wheelbarrow. 2) you have a lower level shock, which the only adjustments are air pressure and rebound damping most likely. 3) if you're bottoming out with the right sag then yes you need to reduce the air chamber with spacers to get a sharper ramp up. Too many volume spacers and the fork will be too stiff and feel like crap though.
This is truly great. It's amazing that we're in an age that we can truly come together like this and support each other.
You can add all the air you want, but if the compression circuit isn't damped well you'll still blow through travel. You won't bottom out the fork, but on braking the fork will dive easily and then get really stiff as it gets deeper into the travel. A good fork has controlled diving and has good mid travel support so that it doesn't feel like it gets super stiff all of a sudden. It's not bad to ride with some compression on, but it can make the fork harsh if you put on too much damping.
But, but, they're protecting women right?! What a load of BS based on repressed religious beliefs.
Better pick one up before they run out. Alloy but a heck of a build on an awesome bike.
LOL So is that why El Chapo got extradited to the US? To consult on how to build a proper wall that you can't tunnel underneath? This whole wall thing is a complete joke and if you think it will make any difference then I got some great investment opportunities for you, just send me all your money!
Kind of like when a lifesize Cheeto called him a muslim not born in the US.
So the Bass brothers aren't going to give them all one-way tickets to another city like they did a long time ago to get them out of downtown before Sundance Square was built up?
LOL at all the triggered Trumpers over a simple banner
LOL Well played, and can totally relate.
People here in the US are just experiencing shock from having a Third World President. This is par for the course in a third world country. Getting your cronies and donors and family in gov positions, not divesting from your companies, straight out lying and holding ridiculous grudges, suppressing the press, etc. This isn't new in most parts of the world.
The better trails are in Austin, and more options when it comes to renting bikes. It all depends what you want type of trail you want to ride. Trails in the DFW area are mostly flat and geared more for xc.
That's why I'm looking to leave this state. Too backwards, with too many backwards people.
If Patrick Freakin Dempsey can race at Lemans, I'm sure Rossi will have no problem at all. Same with The Dakar, i'd love to see him do that specially since he's well versed in rally cars.
You should not be allowed to ride or even come close to a mountain bike in your full spandex skinsuit
The only thing this will do is get people to put more blue tape across their rear window.
I still don't fully get why a road kit is necessary for XC other than the weight argument, etc. To each their own, but personally don't care for it.
What's there to talk about? Every one can see how this is wrong but as it is with cases involving the prosecution of police officers, very little happens. People try to rationalize the officer's actions and dismiss the crime and the significance of it, so it just gets swept under the rug.
Do her the same way Emmett died, seems only fair.
To the people that bike share: Wear a helmet! And stop blocking the pathways by stopping to take a selfie or just leaving your bike laying on the ground.
Fuck off with that shit. Obama wasn't blatantly discriminatory like the Cheeto-in-chief that you probably helped elect is.
Saudi Arabia and Pakistan weren't only list. Hotbeds for terrorism my ass.
Exactly. They won when Dubia convinced people that being cowards was "safer" than not letting anyone or anything change your way of life.
Go and see where the 9/11 hijackers where from and see if any of those countries are on the list.
Stop and look for your brain because it seems to have fallen out. This list of countries is all the countries we currently fucked over with this "war" on ISIS. We helped destroy those countries and we've doubled down and won't help any of the innocent people we fucked over. I don't care which President started this, it's cowardly and without morals.
By the vintage of the uniforms, I'd say this is at least 20 years old.
she's probably high as a kite
*Trump administration member-like typing detected*
My argument is that it's irrelevant that you think Bee and Noah are/are not funny.
The issue is not who is/is not funny--it's the disturbing relationship that this administration has with the press.
But what will people do without their pumpkin spice whatever?
So, what are YOU doing for the people of Flint? Because wasting time commenting on the internet doesn't really count.
So what did YOU do back in 2015 to protest Obama's actions? Anything besides type comments on reddit? This "give Trump a chance" rhetoric is for cowards. Cowards who fear anything different from themselves, and cowards who won't lift a finger to do anything for themselves and much less for anyone else.
He's going to do what's right for his business interests and his business partners. Trump could care less about you, America, or anything else.
I'm a naturalized US citizen for almost 20 years now who came to this country legally, but I feel that I'm next. I'm not even from one of the 7 countries on the list now or from that part of the world, but I feel that I'm next. I'm a productive member of society with a career in a big US corporation and I've never broken the law or taken any government handouts, but I feel that I'm next. I feel that I'm next becauseIf they can come after legal permanent residents without any hesitation, they can come after almost anybody. The people who came up with these actions and the people who support these actions are disgusting and they're the ones that should be banned, not me.
Exactly. They're would rather have someone else do literally anything in the name of "keeping them safe" as long as they don't have to lift a finger except to type comments here. Lazy cowards, every single one of them.
Awesome!
I loved these and the Hot Shots! movies. Laughed my ass off every time. I really should watch them again.
Public schools are for non-white, poor people. The rest are demanding vouchers so that they can go to private schools or be home schooled so that they don't have to mix with "those" people.
Not only that but those ruts dry out to be like solid concrete and make the trail crappy for a long time
This looks....odd. Maybe it's the color, because the Juliana bike looks better, but this color just makes the bike look fugly.
Tell the people you care about, they most likely care about you more than you think.
You're right about the top tube shape, the men's version just looks homemade specially with those bland paint schemes. The long upper link looks out of place too. I don't know, I definitely prefer the looks of my N3.
Start with Jessica Jones!!
Agreed. The Miami Vice paint scheme when the N3 launched was kick ass.
I'd take this over the toxic, hostile, and soul-crushing environment of a huge corporation.
Walmart treating their employees poorly? What's next, water is wet?
It's someone at Rogelio and Xo's wedding. My guess is Mateo.
Why the hell everyone has been fighting for centuries over some patch of desert where supposedly some magic man from the sky was said to have lived in, I'll never understand. Just let the aliens or giant meteor come already, we're too stupid a lifeform.
Were the women always nipping on that show? Maybe that's part of the reason why it stayed in the air for so long...
Lmfao
I'm glad it's the original Aunt Viv instead of the other one
Politicans and bible thumpers hate women here in TX
I dont stick to the recommended schedule religiously but i do at least one full rebuild a year on both fork and shock and at least two or more basic services a year. If im racing or have been riding hard then i do service them more often. Its cheap insurance over getting a new fork or shock.
This is adorable. Grandmas are awesome, cherish yours while she's still with you.
One of the cleanest? Now you got my attention. Tell that to the people in Flint MI and all those towns with flammable tap water. You make some good points about the Agreement, but rolling everything back and handing the keys to the corporations is not the answer. Snap out of the "party over country" and "it's Obama's fault" mentality and think about what's really at stake here. We as a species have nowhere else to go, so we either take care of this place or we construct our own doom.
Maybe being so close to Oklahoma does have an effect.
If you buy all new hardware every year, maybe. The Yeti yes it can be expensive, since the Infinity links and bearings aren't cheap. If you throw in fork and shock rebuilds, then you can definitely get to those percentages.
Because they're cheap and don't want to give people hours. The less hours they give, the more staff they can keep as part time so that they don't qualify for benefits. They also have a "scheduling system" that outputs works schedule based on historical data, but it sucks so you end up with long lines anyway. What gets me is that they have self checkout stand, but they're not open.
white people, right? lol
Gracias por compartir esto
He doesn't know those exist lol
If you have good customer service skills and have professionalism, you can make a killing. A good mechanic/contractor is worth their weight in gold if you have half a brain to treat customers well.
That's not only dealerships, but car repair places like NTB, Firestone, etc. You have to find a shop that you can trust, which can be difficult.
And yet the industry completely forgave him and welcomed him back with open arms once his jail/community service sentence was done. The sooner he overdoses, the better.
I hope Fuller House and Jessica Jones are next
Are those bike shoes? W.T.F.
Ok dude. Go on pretending like fracking, poor regulation, and weak oversight are not actually real here and that we're "the cleanest on the planet" lol. Go tell that to the people near the Dakota Pipeline thats leaking oil into their drinking water, but those are all people of color/minorities so they dont count, right?
But, but I'm ENTITLED to that....aren't I?
There are these things called headphones. If you want to blast your music, do it at home or at some place with no one around. Just because you want to listen to music, doesn't mean I want to listen to your crappy music too. Same note goes for using speakerphone on a cell phone.
only from 9 to 11am.
Just get the pass already.
Well yeah. Why would I want pay to for someone to whitesplain a Latin American story?
Don't blast music while hiking, simple as that. Nobody cares that you don't like using headphones, you're not more important than the rest of the people on the trail.
Classy. Hope they got at least a dozen goals scored on them.
Ironic much? Complaining about other people dictating what other people should do, while you are dead set on imposing something you want in other people. I'll repeat it again, this time clearer: You are no one. You're not more important than anyone else on the trail.
Vi la noticia en El Diario de Hoy. Solo es mitad salvadoreño pero de todos modos es un gran orgullo y un gran logro para el. No se que tantos que tantos astronautas latinos hay, pero si se que no han habido muchos en la historia de la NASA.
So Mel Gibson gets a pass? I guess everyones collective memory is short.
If pointing out that this guy is a racist woman-beater counts as a high horse, the bar is set way too low.
I haven't beat up any women or gone on racist or homophobic tirades, so yeah I do get to throw some stones. And LMFAO at the people defending some celebrity which they've never met or will meet or much less get to know personally. Something truly is wrong.
I don't need to judge him. He did that all by himself in the video and pleading no contest to the battery charges. Again, why the need to sweep stuff under the rug for a celebrity is bizarre.
Seems to me going back to TV would carry high risk of her going of her meds, getting in trouble again. Best of luck to her, hope she can remain in a good place physically and mentally.
Well he's won races (finally) so he's got that going for him. Maybe LCR can add another bike and have a mentor/mentee thing going.
A shining example of empathy you are; you must be fun at parties.
Did you stretch before doing those mental gymnastics? You can call me whatever you want since i could not care any less, but im pointing out facts while you're the one defending a racist batterer. You can try to justify it however you want, but that's what you're doing and that says a lot more about you than about me.
So Honda lanes in this track? Boring.
Shame, I liked his show where he explores other religions. I've heard him on a couple of podcasts and definitely didn't come across as the monster some people here are making him out to be. He'll be alright and who would have thought that a Muslim immigrant would have strong opinions about a clear bigot xenophobe who's constantly vilifying people like Aslan.
Because Trump wouldn't have listened, duh.
Just admit it, you have a hard-on for Gibson or at least celebrities. Try to justify it or spin it however you want, but that's what you're doing. I'm least i'm sticking to facts but you got nothing so you're grasping at straws while hurling insults. Why else would you defend someone so adamantly on the internet.
He needs new glove suppliers, this is at least the second time this has happened to him.
Keep trying stand on that rickety soapbox of yours, its very entertaining to warch.
He sent the shit out of that jump
Even a broken clock is right twice a day
Google "low fee therapy" plus your zip code
I look at a pool of data, instead of trusting one single outlet. I also use the forums a lot. The reviews on Pinkbike have gotten better, and I do like the test sessions that Vital does. Flow Mountain Bike is also a good source IMO. I used to like the Bible of Bikes but the last two have been downright terrible with no real substance--every bike is fun, climbs well, and descends well, etc.
I'm expecting them to point out the nuances in the bikes, and yeah point out the not so great parts about it compared to other bikes or to previous models before it.
The last bible of bikes was just them drinking beer on a porch with terrible audio quality and not any good info about the bikes. I personally prefer the Vital test sessions. Not as bro-tastic as the Bible vids but to me it seems they do try to find the little difference and details about the bikes.
You need to move to a different area
TIL No one in Spain knows how to pay their taxes
it's the Cold War 2.0, what do you expect from both sides? lol
They should pair up Cal and Miller, both have won races afterall. Nothing against Cal but if he hadn't won at least one race last year he wouldn't be getting this new deal, or any deal from Honda.
You can't paint all immigrants with the same brush. There are people that are immigrants (e.g. born elsewhere, moved to another country), born in the country from immigrant parents, and born from parents of parents of immigrant parents, etc. It's a spectrum and the solution for one segment doesn't automatically work for the other segments. This part of what makes integration a tricky thing, not to mention the willingness of the culture to accept others.
LOL I had no idea this was in the works. 12 years? Yeah I'm betting this doesn't happen. Why don't they tone it down and put it in Trinity Park where it can be seen from the freeway?
Yay slave labor, corruption, and oppression!
TIL American Dad is still on the air. The writers of this show think FW looks like Mojave, CA.
Through the ring of fire...
Or better yet, get it changed to "white trash" so that you can complain about everything while dying of a heroin addiction.
Rumored to be a child molester, so kid's shows are up his alley. Who would imagine that the fat loser character from Head of The Class would turn out like that...lol
My bad, just take out the slavery part but the other two still apply lol
Where is Darkwing Duck, that's what I care about.
Pedophilia and child abuse/molestation are not a thing of the past in Hollywood. Just because someone hasn't actually come forward, doesn't mean it's all BS. There were rumors for a long time about Cosby, and look what came out. Some have tried talking about it but backed off due to repercussions, but few things stay hidden forever.
Who cares really. With all the history FW has, I don't see a problem with the slogan even if it's just for marketing.
what about the snake? You can't trust a snake.
Probably a bit awkward since Stiller and Taylor announced their split not too long ago.
That bike sucks and everyone was struggling with grip but sure, blame it on the rider..... I'd be a bit distracted too if the bike I rode last season and the team i gave their first win to has now won two races in a row.
Watch Aprilia double-down and sack both of them to go looking for "better riders"
Rumchata is absolutely disgusting, like an extremely shitty horchata mixed in with moonshine.
He's not getting any younger, better cash out while the stock is still high.
Isn't it getting a new surface next year though?
Of course, cops never do anything wrong...
Well yeah, you usually die when you're badly tortured.
He's passable as an actor, typecast into the comic relief guy. I think his Silicon Valley character is so good because maybe it's a bit close to home, just like Kumail Nanjiani.
I'd rather spend my money with a boutique bike brand like Yeti that only do mountain bikes than get a run-of-the-mill Trek or Specialized. I had a SB-66, and it kicked ass. It was meant to rip, was well built, and rode very well up and down the trail.
That's great. Now it would be nice if this city had some actual bike lanes besides in very small and select parts of the city.
With all due respect, this is BS. Yeti is a small brand, but they're not some garage-made brand that someone is putting together in their spare time. Their Switch and Switch Infinity linkages are definitely innovative, and they were pushing the 'low and slack' that has become standard now when most bikes still were all 26" wheels. Brands like Yeti, Evil, and Santa Cruz get the hype because they can talk the talk and walk the walk.
Shhhh, don't dare speak the truth or you'll get down-voted ;-)
RIP. He coached the best generation of USWNT.
90% of that map is proposed lanes. It would be nice if this actually became a reality.
True, but they're not Specialized or Trek or Giant.
There are plenty of people that live beyond the Stockyards and south of Foster Park who would like access to the trail. I'm not about to risk getting run over riding on the street with no bike lanes.
On top of what exactly? Those big R&amp;D budgets aren't leading the way when it comes to bike geometry or ride handling or suspension design--that's been done by other companies. No one is falling over themselves to get on the latest Specialized Enduro or Trek whatever. Compare that to the latest version of the Santa Cruz Nomad. All the big brands have been good for lately are to bring about BS standards like Boost and now metric shock sizes, not to mention gimmicky crap like "knock blocks" or proprietary head tube sizes.
Teacher's gun stolen by students in 3...2....1.... I wonder what all the gun nuts will do when a black teacher shoots a student.
Well yeah, you'd be angry too if you get treated like crap and beat up.
I'm 39 and 235lbs. Max around 160-170 on the short punchy climbs I do where I ride.
Sales and reviews? LOL Who's drinking the kool-aid now. And lol at your last comment, mtb started with guys in a garage welding shit up together...not something the big companies came up with.
So Horst link, DW link and VPP where all made by the big brands? News to me if true. I thought these big companies merely buy out or license tech so that they don't have to spend that huge R&amp;D budget and instead focus on what all companies care about: profit. If I was really pushing for the homegrown thing, I'd buy nothing but Ventanas or Guerrila Gravity. From what I see, I definitely respectfully disagree that the big brands are leading the industry when it comes to what people are riding or what they want to ride. To use your car analogy just because a Corolla or a Camry sell a lot and get decent reviews for what they are, doesn't mean that they're at the tip of the spear of the industry.
Well, a lot of good fights have happened in Vegas...
That thing looks ancient, and if it's never been serviced then bets are good that it's done for. Good luck trying to find a service kit for it, or best bet is to find someone who can service it but more than likely it will be not worth it cost-wise.
This only brings more publicity to Oliver's message, so it plays right into his hands and therefore our hands. LOL
I fear this year may be Ducati's only shot at another championship before they fall on hard times again.
Puta que raro. Y solo me imagino cuantos mas hicieron esto. De verdad que no acaban con los pandilleros porque el govierno esta metidos en la cama con ellos. Solo falta que un "ex" pandillero llegue a ser presidente, haci como lo hizo el Nuegado.
People make their own personal hell. Why is he with her? And why is she with him? To put this out in public comes across as cowardly BTW If this dude really wants to help out his friend, he'd stop enabling him to be the victim.
So they wanted to make money from renting kayaks at the Nature Center and not expect the City to charge some kind of fee or require anything like insurance? I know the article said they've been doing it for 3 years already, but seems naive to me and just a matter of time before the City stepped in.
Based on the area that it's in, I'd bet this may have not been an "issue" for them at the time. You don't have to segregate if you only get one type of customer, if you catch my drift.
But he's brown, so that's all that matters. White people are terrified of all minorities, hence why they flock to Trump. Doesn't matter that this guy made a mistake 30+ years ago (during a time where police did anything to get a drug conviction), and that he worked at Ground Zero. He's not white, so he's got to go--plain and simple.
From the video it indeed look like both the girl's bf and his friend are victims, otherwise neither of them would put up with that kind of crap.
But Chef, elephant and seal dna just won't splice!
It wouldn't be a wedding without someone hatin'
Rob Paulsen and Maurice LaMarche are true treasures of humanity.
WTF is up with the tungsten crap
I bet that was a fun ride back home after the game...
Early 2000s: wide leg EVERYTHING
Rabat has to go, at least Miller has won a race.
Lol at the signal for VAR, and im glad fifa are finally using it. I hope they're usimg it on fouls too and diving.
Hate to break this to you, but companies treat people like shit in the US too.
Apparently, it takes less that $40K to influence him since isn't around that amount that Verizon paid him? I'd thought a US Senator went for more lol
He does like him some dictators...
Not to mention that his dad killed JFK...
I've owned a lot of pads; I use the 7IDP Flex Knee pads, and when I wear elbow pads I use the Dainese Trail Skins.
Or how about you not expect to jump from wet-behind-the-ears to Director in less than a year
Not so extreme based on what I've seen in my industry. People expecting to jump 2-3 levels after just having one year of experience.
Step 1) Pick a career that actually pays a living wage Step 2) Don't live in a city where the cost of living is sky high
Fit is #1 for sure. If it's not comfortable, you're not going to wear it no matter if it's the best armor ever made.
Memorial Day at Lowe's for best price and warranty value. Sears has good selection too but their warranties are more expensive. Stay away from Samsung and LG. GE is my top pick, and Kenmore and Whirlpool are pretty decent.
Bad quality and not known to last long. My wife used to work at GE during college and they'd tear down appliances from competitors to see what kind of design and components they were using, and the worst ones were the Korean brands. My in-laws have Samsung fridges and the ice makers never work on them.
Not possible to do what? Pick a decent career and get a job where you can actually afford to live? Plenty of people have done it and continue to do it. Don't blame other for the spot that you've put yourself in.
Check out the user reviews for whatever model you're considering buying on Lower's, Home Depot, Sears, etc and get a warranty. Even the best brands put out duds or have junk models; just the reality of designing stuff to meet certain price points.
Yep, done it a couple of times. I never said it was easy, but not impossible.
Well, not everyone is meant to be CEO. Life isn't fair, wear a helmet.
Well don't blame me if you're not where you want to be. Instead of arguing on the internet with strangers, do better, be better. Maybe dust off and update the resume, or look into learning a new skill, or work on networking. All those are good things to do no matter what position you're in.
Makes sense. The best explananrion of this comes oddly enough from a comedian, Hasan Minaj. Watch his netflix special and he perfectly descrines the culture and generational gap between immigrants and children of immigrants born in the US.
Its not that i don't care, it's that i don't like to enable people or hear people play the victim card. Life is tough and certainly not fair, but you have to honestly evaluate what you're doing to see if you're making things worse or digging yourself of whatever situation you're trying to get out of.
This is 100% true and rarely if ever gets talked about. I heard about it on LatinoUSA's podcast.
People can work hard, but do they work smart? Do they tunnel vision or too stubborn to change what they're doing and the choices they make? At some point you run out of people or things to blame and have to look at what you're doing. I'm not saying there isn't a problem with stagnating wages and a shrinking middle class, but you have to help yourself and constantly evaluate if what you're doing is actually helping you or keeping you down. It can be very simple things like who or what you spend your free time with, etc. None of this is easy, because like you said if it was that easy then anyone would do it.
I still think Rivaldo pretending to get hit in the face by the ball during a World Cup game is the worst flop ever.
LOL
I tried it in both your mom and your dad's butt, but didn't help. I ended up selling it on CL.
Pull the money, and the rest follows.
Sorry but there is a time and a place, and out in public is not it for letting your kid go into full tantrum mode. I understand what's he's saying about letting kids feel their feeling, but kids need to be socialized.
Perfect example of someone who was born on third base but thinks they've hit a triple.
This is horrific. The only positive thing one can gleam from this is that at least that poor woman isn't suffering anymore, and that the monster who did this to her is in jail.
LOL looks like we found Tim Tebow's reddit handle.
Never claimed I was. You, however, are looking absolutely pathetic adamantly defending a celebrity.
Your opinions are not facts.
WeSaySo
IIRC the show ended with an environmental catastrophe partly caused by the society.
Always wear a helmet
Sometimes it's just not worth it if you plan on riding a lot or where/how you ride. That bike might have been good all those years ago, but it may not be up to the job anymore and that's ok.
