oh, an atonal degenerate noise fan who is also a satanist. what a living cliché...
that's a lot of bums. is it atonal?
ah, the marvels of tonal music :)
true, it's all noise - who cares? :)
early music to me is music played in dry turtle shells
did you know the acoustic guitar in portugal is called viola and in brazil violão? they are so not from the bowed strings family...
I was not there, so I don't know. But this account might help understand Horowitz view: &gt; Rosenthal's usually malicious wit was legendary. When he heard Vladimir Horowitz blaze through the octave passages of Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto at his Vienna debut, he remarked: "He is an Octavian, but not Caesar." from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moriz_Rosenthal it isn't enough to be a great artist, it's always accompanied by vanity...
it's a device for certain moments where sustain is needed. As a simplistic view, you could press it at the beginning of a compass and release it briefly just before the next - you end up playing your foot to the rhythm of the music. But that depends and it should sustain notes as long as it's part of the same phrasing or key. but when you're learning the piano, keep it clean without the muddy overtones from the sustain
beautiful. I'm still to explore more symphonic Tchaikovsky. I've used to play a piano reduction of this movement, very well-known.
I was about eleven when I found my dad's old vinyls and among them a few classicals from a collection, including Beethoven's fifth, Chopin's Nocturnes and Tchaikovsky's piano concerto. He's never been that much of a fan, more into folk and rock.
guess buccaneers already plundered it...
what would you expect from a bunch of whiny kids? Too bad most of us who are old enough and willing to actually discuss about games we love have mostly lost time to do so due to that damn real life...
his famous serenade. Originally a lied.
is it more obnoxious than "singers" talking in the same monotone rhythmic pattern? that said, I truly don't care for vocal music much, even the ones where the singer is used more like a musical instrument and less like a criminal thug.
Biber will get old too.
&gt; I have memories of coming home, going straight for the computer, and then listening haha, to think I was born before the internet and used to listen to music on stereos...
haha, read that as Music for 18 Magicians
FYI, that was the jump from AC IV to Unity
just so you guys know: I haven't played it at launch time because of all the fuss and crying. However, it was on promo some weeks ago and I bought it to play after finishing Uncharted 4. I have to say I'm very positively impressed. Both by how this is the best downgrade ever and by all the whinning GTA fans can generate when pissed by newcomers. seriously, WD is in some ways more impressive than even AC Unity. At the very least, it has a large urban city that feels alive with both traffic and people in the streets, while GTA V was pretty empty... and the grass! the hills are alive with grass and trees extending to the horizon. TW3 cries... now I see from where The Division took its engine and made it better... I think it was the DOF with bokeh that made the most cries about downgrade. Or the lack of it in the finished product. There's no use for it during gameplay. Some PC bozos came up with one in a mod to show off but these same pc bozos are the ones that hate the most "blurry" backgrounds LOL
how about Bach's other partitas? How about his violin concerto? I posted an Adagio from it a while ago. Then, there are his Brandenburg concerti grossi. what exactly do you seek? Baroque music? solo violin? in either, Vivaldi excells, as do Corelli.
is that you, bennevis? :)
aren't joy and melancholy a trademark of Chopin?
there's always a moment like that, no? I used to listen to classicals in old saturday morning cartoons, but never bothered enough. After Michael Jackson's Thriller phenomenon got me hooked to vinyls, I began searching for new music and a lot of this was truly old and marvelous music. :)
the Rossini one still sounds great, but 1812 is truly terrible... the best part of it was La Marseillaise and the worst the cannons.
fiction is better than reality. Amadeus is a great movie precisely for this. It's not a documentary on the life of Mozart, but a reflection on the worth of art, on mythmaking and on the dicotomy between art and mere craft.
only those who dare have a chance to disappoint. by far one of the most impressive games this generation. Like Driveclub, most glaring bugs on launch have been corrected.
perhaps not a great game, but good enough to me. I play AC partly for its historical simulation and from this standpoint, Unity is hard to beat. Too many fine "Paris stories" and really, just walking about those live, insanely crowded streets makes the whole experience mindblowing.
Sonata is the main form from the classical period. Some were written before and after it, but never got anywhere near the heights of Beethoven, aside perhaps from Liszt, Brahms and Chopin. All of Beethoven, obviously. Including the ones for piano and violin. I do have a crush on the Pathétique, Moonlight, Pastoral, Appassionata, Hammerklavier and Les Adieux, but all of them, really. here's something to illustrate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVcdTZH7qvM Schubert is wonderful too as a high-water mark for the genre, such as D960, D894 or the magnificent D958 and many others: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltvKcZ9U5QA Mozart and Haydn, their output is way too big and makes up for most of the classical sonata literature, so I'll give you some very brief pointers. Mozart's K545, K576, K330, K333 and K332: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPaLcBD79L4 Haydn's Hob. XVI:20, XVI:49, XVI:24, XVI:46 and XVI:52, sure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-KcvorkP-E Muzio Clementi, the once father of piano technique who is nowadays sadly most known for a set of beginner sonatinas, also has plenty of good stuff. I do believe Beethoven draw inspiration mainly from his (and did count them as excellent ones) and late Haydn sonatas. Horowitz loved them and recorded some, such as this marvel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAlUpCzrcwE Then, there are the sons of Bach, specially Carl Philip. Keyboard classical sonatas in their infancy, but with their own charm, such as the Wurttemberg Sonatas, originally for harpsichord. While the others listed above are mostly from after 1780, these are from 1744, when father Bach was still alive and kicking fugues. They are in very stark contrast to his father's style and very distinguishingly early classical in tone. So beautiful, here's one of them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv1J9SFcSKg earlier ones? Probably from Cimarosa and Scarlatti, but I'm still to really dig them.
is it snob not wanting to eat junk as everyone else? Then yes, I'm snob and happy for it. canon in D or Strauss waltzes are mega popular because they don't demand much from the listener: it's basically melody and accompaniement like some pop. Classical music demands a minimum of education to really appreciate, you should at least be able to distinguish one voice from another in a fugue... you may refuse to educate yourself and call those who do as snobs, but then you're left with a bland wall of sound and will call it incomprehensible and beyond help... edit: junk fans already at work downvoting to force everyone else to eat junk too. sheesh :)
humans don't find agreement even within the same race and same blood
never heard
laughable but probably has more gameplay than TO :(
how niche can one go? classical music for chiptune fans LOL this sounds like very primitive NES. I prefer the beethoven pathetique that sounds like Journey to Silius NES :)
well, I suppose I could count this one as an adagio. ;)
I agree!
possible. Italians and French were the musical masters of the day in his time and he enjoyed a lot of them, including Vivaldi and Frescobaldi. Plus, it's an Italian Concerto. but anyway, he actually included the whole Marcello adagio in his BWV 1059 concerto: https://youtu.be/AktLqY429FA?t=48m10s it was common practice in the day to copy and paste. :)
actually, searching a bit more I find that BWV 1059 is a very incomplete work: http://www.allmusic.com/composition/concerto-for-harpsichord-oboe-strings-continuo-no-8-in-d-minor-incomplete-bwv-1059-mc0002380030 so it's well possible that the inclusion of Marcello's adagio is not his doing and instead the work of some people wanting to reconstruct a lost Bach work from stripes and patches...
a very bare bones canon. no, I wouldn't call Chopin junk either. There's far more even in the most straight and simple Chopin than mere melody and accompaniment, such as long fiorituras ("solos" in pop parlance), dramatic cadences and dynamic expression than in most pop. so it has nothing to do with homophony vs polyphony. I chose the fugue just as example.
https://youtu.be/e52IMaE-3As Schubert's Andante from Trio opus 100
sounds like a very reasonable composer :) I did like that animation and the score.
fly, little bird. fly away
what is it with many orchestras today playing stand up and almost dancing? is this to attract headbangers? I suggest dropping the suits, then...
not that much into jazz, but yeah, love his playing.
yes, a very bad idea. You'll be terribly slow because you have not developed any technique whatsoever. Every new note will look like something entirely new. most people want just that: begin by some popular "song" they really like, but most probably even the easiest of these will be far beyond your beginner reach. Playing piano is not such torture. You first must get yourself acquainted with the keyboard and developing a sense of your surroundings and evenness of tempo by playing scales with both hands - C major scale should suffice for real beginner. True beginner pieces focus on the area around middle C and then progressively turn to left hand on F clef and right hand on G clef. you could use this from notorious XIX century piano pedagogue Czerny as a guide: http://imslp.org/wiki/Practical_Exercises_for_Beginners,_Op.599_(Czerny,_Carl) be sure to play the very first pieces hands separate and then together when you got the rhythm right. Also note that in these very first exercises both right and left hands are playing in G clef in different areas: left hand beginning in middle C and right hand one octave above. This Czerny work quickly steeps up in difficulty by around the middle exercises. You could slow down a bit by trying also the excellent: http://imslp.org/wiki/Les_Cinq_Doigts,_Op.777_(Czerny,_Carl) Czerny is not stupid Hanon repetitive warm up: most pieces are short miniatures in early classical style. Czerny is usually only hated by advanced pianists required to learn his tough technical exercises, but the beginner stuff is pretty sweet. He was pupil of Beethoven and teacher of Liszt. cheers
that's the videogame approach. I think it might help as much as youtube videos up to some level. most people find it hard traditional notation. It is not. It is quite easier knowing which notes to play from notation than from watching a video of someone playing. "Oh, what was the key that he played again? *goes back to watch again*". In the staff they're pristine clear. The hard part is not *reading* the notes, it is playing them. YT videos may help reproducing the exact same movements some piano played did, but by merely mimicking it'll not become clear why they did so. That is the domain of technique and you can never learn that by watching, but by doing. You discover them yourself as you play didatic material...
Bach, Rameau, Couperin, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, Chopin and Brahms, essentially. Of course, you'll be required to also acquire the *transcedental* technique os Liszt and his followers, but I was talking about musical repertoire, not technique.
definitely better than antique atonal merde
he's about as lousy a pianist as Glass and about as repetitive the italians are always fond of pure melodic beauty, not ever crazier harmonic progressions
no racism. Just stating the very obvious fact that many people view piano playing as some kind of athletic competition with no regards to music whatsoever. This horrific bland noise we can blame on Cziffra, an european. and yes, it's also a fact that chinese athletes are among the best. The Olympic games are almost upon us and they shall prove that again
I'll have to agree that Glass is a more original musician than Einaudi. I'll have to disagree on pursueing beauty or aesthetical pleasure as something bad. It seems post-industrial society has created masses of gluttons for punishment and pain, but luckly I'm not of them.
how about other Mozart works, specially symphonies such as 25, 29, 38, 40? then there are also his many extraordinaire piano concertos, such as 8, 9, 21, etc
all great authors usually quote their other works in one way or another. Bach, Mozart, Beethoven have many examples
guess he's been drinking too much of the atonal kool-aid
yes, full of illiterate emo assholes
all is vanity
of perhaps the vanilla PS4 will look worse and have lower fps rate
too cold-hearted for such warm singing :)
I usually don't look at the keyboard, let alone my hands, aside from wide jumps.
no so fast, please. I love Gould's perfectly articulated phrasings, clear voicings and steady tempo that is just right
get outta my way, Big Bro where's Big Momma?
"hey, it's Mozart's day! lick my ass!" why can't the world just end?
so all unemployed composers should thank Ludwig for that? ;)
I'm more worried about the comparison of a true musical genius to a junkie that had a 3-chord band
all by Beethoven, Brahms and Schumann
try the piano part from his violin sonatas, such as Spring or Kreutzer. too much to love there too. and Für Elise may get all the love (and hatred), but Beethoven's other bagatelles are great too
when I first heard the works of Beethoven and Chopin I just knew I needed to learn to play them. Not quite there for most of them anyway, but it's love for the whole life...
woohoo, 1080p 60fps on consoles FTW sadly, only on PS4 Neo :´(
http://www.submediant.com/2016/04/06/5-babies-who-are-cuter-better-at-piano-than-you/
I liked the Marx Brothers playing the piano stride style :)
I prefer the idea of shrinking and sending them microastronauts into microcapsules accelerated almost to light speed by several million people back on Earth pointing their laser pens far into the same point far back in space
yeah, it makes you think people would just riot and stop the lame pre-order practice, but alas, no. People keep giving away money for products months or years away that may or may not see the light of day or be any good whatsoever... go figure
my body is ready
Koji Kondo of Mario games music fame used many styles, the classic tunes mainly drawing from ragtime and reggae.
haha, I remember that
small scheme is scheme, large r7rs is a replacement for common lisp ;)
I started listening and couldn't stand 2 whole minutes. tonal, right...
but that's scheme, so it's really bare bones ;)
&gt; how so many, educated and intelligent people are unable to spot a troll? most autists don't perceive sarcasm and other subtle forms of humor
ah, the good old days of unmoderated usenet... today you're silenced for expressing your opinions... BTW, first got here following the whole lisp-&gt;scheme debacle... I used to roam on /. too...
I hear no tonalism, just loose phrasings that sound slightly diatonic-like. Twelve tones contains the whole of diatonic scales, and among the many dissonant chords, even the typical tonal chords... but it serves nothing if the music does no statement whatsoever, and doesn't build tonal tension by logical modulation and just keeps repeating itself over and over...
very bright arguments, hands down. unfortunately, it was kinda over orchestrated as people here want to listen to these musical colossi through miniature resonance boxes...
seemingly, atonalists
aylmao
then he's just a truly lousy tonal composer. Way too much time listening to birds rather than Beethoven.
wow, two pop tunes in a row from a true music connoisseur, huh? go play your sketchy blues noodles
yes, I liked that a lot. Then again, I thought the whole engine was a revamped WD engine.
LOL
CantThinkOfMoreNeutralStatement
fuck this american idea of ivory towers or pedestals - this whole every man is equal thing. That fucked up mess of a human being didn't even compose the poor 3-chord rocks his band was known for, so don't tell me I'm on a pedestal because some internets dumbass is comparing that to one of the greatest musical genius ever.
hooray, Robert! here's his marvelous Symphony no. 4 in D minor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSY78CUVCtE
hey, it's Robert's Birthday and Modernists Hatred day too :D
yo mama
how about signing for a subscription and helping them or actually taking a few hours playing the last downloaded score?
there is still plenty of Bach code around
LOL. spot on
I got the same vibe, yes.
try this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSY78CUVCtE
what is even the point of trophies in such games? I like it that the fine folks behind The Vanishing of Ethan Carter have really spoiled it for freak platinum trophy hunters :)
you know, PS4 games
wow, a tonal modulation lmao
I can say the same about your comments. :)
&gt; I find Stockhausen very emotional in its own way, it seems both impulsive and yet terribly persistent... I also love Tchaikovsky's 6th symphony, and Mozart's piano concertos. no, you don't. there's no such thing as finding noise beautiful or "emotional" and then in the same sentence also displaying love for some of musical art highest highlights. I do have a small fondness for the rock hits I, as every teenager, was submitted to. I don't however lie to myself that they are on the same level of intelectual, technical and emotional scope as music from the ancients. There's nothing wrong having some guilty pleasure with mediocre stuff. Just don't overstate it... now, this discussion has gone too far. Messiaen's music and his original and logical methods don't annoy me quite as much as the dissonance for dissonance guys...
he was about 16 this 1 year after Beethoven's last works for piano
LOLOLOL very good
yeah, they don't have any fun with games. They're like employees of the month for the game at hand LOL
really? try this one: http://eblong.com/zarf/zweb/wallpaper/
wondering how many actually played both the tune and the game...
you hate Mozart and love Haydn? do you actually hear any difference or you just enjoy having a different opinion for the sake of being different? :D
I've played the game on SNES, great platformer. I've also played that wonderful (though quite repetitive) waltz from the castle stages...
&gt; Schumann has never once put into writing any form of human emotion! wtf, dude? are you just plain crazy? Schumann and Chopin are the very essence of Romanticism in music.
you're not alone. We're just overwhelmed and silenced by the vast majority of depressed atonal downvoting clones...
beautiful. Though the beginning simple figured bass will draw comparisons to Pachelbel's canon in D. Makes about as much sense as putting all boogie-woogie in the same bag, but hey... whoa, that singer goes kinda crazy in the last 2 minute... never heard that kind of vibrato...
I don't get them either. I very much prefer point'n'click puzzler adventures or text adventures.
LOL children and oldsters known it better. That's why modernist painting tried emulating kids' sketches and atonalists the expressive improvisations of 2 years old at the piano...
show off and is real lamey
they're all dead already, but I'd gladly blast away the atonal corpse of Schoenberg should it come to rise from the grave
so you associate them with hard studying classes, not leisure. I'm pretty sure I've heard more Mozart than you and never tire...
slowly at first, follow the rhythmic flow, look up where notes from both hands are vertically aligned. counting should help. it's really hard in the beginning, but it soon becomes second nature as you will more easily recognize the rhythmic patterns. I started learning when I was 16. it's easy with beginner pieces. Advanced stuff require real hand independence, because often you'll see rhythmic patterns such as 3 against 4 or syncopations and so on...
it sucks because the majority of the market involves lowlevel assemble line work using components bought from a few high grade providers, while back at university you thought you'd be doing some serious and obscure rocket Science no one else would think about
love Beethoven and love to hate Schoenberg and his minions
it's not a game, let alone a survival one there's no goal in that sandbox. it's an authoring tool for kids. The digital lego that lego games never were...
https://wiki.haskell.org/Haskell_Lisp check Liskell ;)
probably the best 4-hands piano ever
cool. I'll pray for your soul.
collecting things mentality has ruined videogames
enlighten us, dear noise connoisseur. show us your knowledge of the modulations a serial composition goes through and their function in heightening the listener's emotions towards the sublime. Then try to improvise some music upon one such series, please don't sound a note until all others...
simple chords, no real theme (just a mordent). very generic "new age" piano how about learning some Mozart at least?
new authors should get a grip and know that whatever you author, some guy from centuries ago may have done much better... but hey, at least he got praise from another clueless dude
yes, very practical. except that most screens are too small and still a far cry from having 2 pages open at once...
pretty much anything written by academic composers for the last 100 years or so
probably these Berg fans also let in other modernists techniques. I'm thinking Stockhausen or Boulez...
good for him
one of the most horrifics display of acrobatics was posted
same pros and cons as piano vs organ, two widespread keyboard instruments
really? I'd think otherwise. the cold ivories make my fingertips go numb... :p
we live in a heater down here in Brazil so we don't buy any such thing. except when unexpected cold hits... ah, this global warming...
fuck yea
not classical music AFAIK
guess no violinist can really grow without playing it as if played by a saw, huh?
the violin is a relic from the past. The best musical repertoire for it is of course from the past anyway. don't bother with the noise-makers of the crazy and sad XX century
it is a relic, like it or not. Why do you want to apply the label classical music to any shitty noise?
cool, little fan. I've got plenty of witty remarks plus some wetty too. :)
&gt; If you only hail one time period as great, and say everything else is garbage, then you're not a music lover. why not? this argument, not restrict to music, is a pretty widespread one these days and is plain wrong: that if you don't accept Y also being an X, then you're clearly not a real X fan. to hell with your fucked up Ys or hows
that will be one hell of a funeral concert...
was Liszt's hand really that big - almost 2 octaves? I heard that about Rach's. I wonder how they managed to play tiny chords :) a tense tenth is my limit...
bring on all the shitload of WTF you can throw at us, Kojima! the trailer starts promising
excellent presentation. Too bad not many games playable, so Witcher Jr. from Nintendo stole the show. but just having not yet another NMS's empty promises, wow, kudos for that!
they're crazy bastards with weird measures rather than metric ;) I take offense at the abc BS rather than do-re-mi...
he's a master of trickery :)
yea, nothing better for a nap I wonder if he ever wrote one piece depicting a woman in one of those days...
&gt; LightDetectionSystemGridCellBasedContainer::GetShapeObjectsAtCertainPosition(...) your contractor seems more sane than mine, whom would require something like this: LightDetectionSystemGridCellBasedContainer::GetLightDetectionSystemGridCellBasedContainerShapeObjectsAtCertainPosition(...) oh joy
sorry you missed Ascension
you never played TLOU? the only "zombie" survival game I really enjoyed, besides the very first few Resident Evil... and after that, play the Uncharted games
shadows are never quite exactly in the same place as the caster in scanline graphical solutions, be it a game or within autodesk Maya specially bad looking under wore caps
storywise, not the same epic feel, right? After all, it's a scaled down Kratos in a prequel to all the journey ever since. but graphics and gameplay-wise, it's a worthy step up from 3.
isn't he the founder of Pleyel pianos?
including this "comic". frankly, this generation of web comic makers feature the worst punchlines ever... it's called comics, guys, not depressing...
he too thought it was a terrible punchline
I'm looking up this game as a spin off of TLOU while TLOU2 gets ready for a late PS4 debut - like the original. I think the ND guys do deserve some vacations after the Uncharted 4 epic.
if you're a beginner, you shouldn't need them at all. Just focus on getting tempo, touch and notes right. Let advanced topics such as articulation or pedal to a few years ahead...
basic broken chord and alberti bass figure...
&gt; Pierre Boulez once said in a video interview that French composers don't know how to develop music like German composers, so they simply repeat the same thing. wow, that noise bearer does have a point, indeed. Wasn't it Debussy who said he'd take a break to smoke during the development section of some Beethoven work? instead of learning, missing...
I myself tweeted this joke of a game to many followers. gotta spread more laughs
TIL my tennis shoes make me victorious
and buried deep down
to be certain: it's really the only performance I've ever heard of it. pure bliss anyway, as dark and lyric as it sounds
I'll check later, thanks. But really, the Fisher-Diskau/Moore recording is a classic that I first listened to eons ago on the radio, then bought the CDs, and now it's on youtube...
MGS has long been a favorite of PlayStation platforms and has sold really well. But eventually tastes changed and people settled on dumbfuck yearly cannon fodder paintballers... too bad the industry needs visionaires such as Kojima, even if the audience is restricted for lack of better taste or education...
those were the days. There was no such farming for better stats to help you progress through. Either you did it on your dextery alone or you didn't.
they decided to give a chance to the hooded boy from Nintendo...
Try this beautiful one by Bear McCreary: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSYPYq9D_No circa 2005.
by all means: snap out of it before you're tempted into turning into yet another zombified academic noise composer no one cares about just so you can pursue your dream career. gone are the days when being unable to be a great performer could yield excellent composers, such as Beethoven or Schumann
I too thought it'd be SP. inFamous has always had that Spidey vibe to it, not just in the arachnidian poses of the protagonist, but even the title would be well suited to the hero. It always looked like "the franchise they couldn't get a spidey license to it"... but I'm in awe for Insonmiac's current works, so I have high hopes...
funny thing is that one such asteroid was imagined by Jules Verne in his From the Earth to the Moon :) alongside with Florida, the arms industry fueling the space race and all. he's seen farther than most... :)
I never became stuck farming like crazy in the same place over and over in either Zelda or Secret of Mana, both action RPGs too. it's really a lousy fault in current games, specially BDSM ones such as this...
noise fans hate Schumann, understandably
yeah, Minecraft for PS4 and Android. as traditional ever since DOS, not invented here...
after all, it's just a Megaman rehash without Megaman. plus, it's hatoful 3D rather than sweet 2D
GoW2. Just epic, perfect balance, wonderful music and dude, there was nothing as impressive as that on PS2 before or after. Possibly the machine's swann song. GoW3 is GoW3's extended finale. I enjoyed Ascension for the upgraded combat system and graphics, but it's truly the weakest of all.
gotta say I really hate the pseudo-retro games with huge blocky pixels and difficulty of a casual wii game for toddlers. If yours is not like that, I might give it a spin. Best indies I've played are things like Limbo, Dust, Machinarium, The Swapper and lots of text adventures from ifarchive.
remove it and send it to me.
poor bastard
make music, not noise ;)
it does? most upvoted threads are garbage music from the XX century. lots of noise fans here :)
bad taste? (I mean on the part of the OP)
&gt; Wyschnegradsky I fear he'll remain unknown...
look up Chopin, Mozart and Schumann
just like GTA V? face it, hugely popular multiplayer games won't ever get price drops...
shitty games usually die
how about Bartholdy?
you're one of them freedom fighters who put the ancien regime and their highly structured music and social order to death. To hell with forms and rhymes and harmony and good taste, let's embrace our pyromaniac chaotic new atonal overlords... In other words, you're a dionysian. I'm apollonian and do enjoy forms and balance and all the aesthetic choices the age of reason were after. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollonian_and_Dionysian
poor bastard
racket is a language for writing languages, including scheme. it's also a pretty damn good dev environment, full batteries included and a pretty fast JIT compiler.
they do and are truly alien and thus madly upvoted your obviously obvious comment
guessing the original South Park anal probe episode is inspired by "analyzing data from a probe"
I'm a self-assumed elitist smug classical music bastard. Still, despite the fact that we indeed live in an era of widespread idiocy and the bad pop playing, the out-of-tune piano, the seemingly sustain pedal throughout, I did find the variations on the well-known piece quite refreshing. Better than plain Für Elise for the ompth time, right? why so serious?
it's worrying, but there's no denying less and less people will pursue (historic) art as a career. Think how many watch makers there are today...
I agree. By the first 3 minutes of such pompous, self-important lots of nothing, I was ready to hang myself... sadly for you, I just turned it off. ;)
BTW, is that violinist a man?
thank you, Bach. first real music I listened today...
long live single-player for true gamers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AfQRWr-mxY&amp;list=PLCIjX2uNbvx5CMkhOgNJQQ2CpQrrGKoxL
I don't think people are giving him views based on his skills, but on his lack thereof combined with a fresh take on a classic, plus doing it on a public piano. Now, if a true virtuoso were to play Islamey on the same piano, the audience would not be as impressed: it's clearly not an underdog, but a trained musician in disguise playing some boredom complex piano piece no one cares about... moral here: professional pianists should really begin to take more care with real, substantial, aesthetically pleasing music than plain unattainable complex pieces...
I mean you use pretty much all available instruments at least once. How about focusing on strings, no brass, no percussion, and just a few winds?
&gt; I'm really interested in is moments when he breaks conventions and shows how ahead of his time he was weird. is that for some homework? I'm just interested in his incredibly powerful music, such as this violin sonata: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlqMnCv3Ces I'm really more of fan of chamber music than grand scale orchestral works. Though I love his symphonies and piano concertos and overtures, I believe the real meat of Beethoven is in his sonatas for piano, violin and string quartets. go for it...
I'm only an asshole when confronted with shit.
the state of classical music these days is two-fold: first, good classical music is the stuff of museums and conservatories and no matter how shitty and poor poop music is, nobody will trade cultural artifacts from own time for historic ones; second, modern "classical music" has been taken over by self-important cabals patting each other in the backs each time they can get their academic noise to live concerts, thus audiences mingle while they discuss relativity in harmony and aesthetics. go figure
weird. no one suggested any atonal piece... :) Haydn's symphony 101, second movement, for today.
the former enjoys good music, the latter enjoys believing noise is good music
good art music is all I enjoy. bye
that moment to me was MGS1 back on PS1
wonderful post, fine choices
from the most popular of his sonatas, yes, possibly the most underrated. But I love it, specially the long magical journey that is the second movement.
the LP of classical is the sheet music. just as people hurried back then to buy the latest Beatles Album for the stereo to play, so did the older folk grab the latest copy of a Beethoven sonata for the pianist daughter to play... the romantics even used to launch a lot of works named Album, Album for the young, Album leaves, etc
there's nothing pseudo about super sampling, both in the fact that it really gets rid of aliasing and in the fact that it sharpens by going from a larger sample set to a smaller one. It's less "pseudo" than methods relying on just blurrying edges.
I'll get a 4k TV and a 4k PS when the price is right and there are new consoles with a true generational leap to justify it.
hey, you know that cosmic radiation background noise that astrophysics say are the remains of God's creation act? it's actually all alien TV and radio stations. ;)
this jury may find anything they like, but my judgement won't be clouded
this is ok as far as suicidal comics go
nice turn around of events for a voodoo doll :)
&gt; I find 20th century music to be much more difficult to learn. of course. It's like trying to reproduce the proportional and rational aesthetics in older paintings vs trying to reproduce the splattered chaos in some Pollock. not worth the effort
come on, hidden among all those bland noise clusters there sure are a few C major or D7 chords. they happen by pure chance and serve no tonal function at all, but still, there they are by ears don't suck, but are sucked clean by voluptious tonal Muses :)
oh, the mouse's toy interface is now 3D
yes, nothing like having plenty of different syntax to call the same .NET API methods over and over...
you know that Squeak was born out of a toy smalltalk interface for some Disney software, right?
it's a tiny rock asteroid that got locked around earth
just forget opinions from sellers posing as legitimate forum users, they're everywhere. The whole "too light action" talk is dumb sales talk that means nothing. There's plenty of acoustic pianos with very light touch, this is one of the less standardized aspects of piano making. Pianos from Beethoven era were probably lighter than any DP today and if that's good for his sonatas, is good enough to me. set yourself a budget, go to a store armed with earbuds and test out a few within that budget then make your decision.
how about the complete Beethoven Sonatas and Chopin works for a start?
I think lots of Chopin preludes would fit nicely, such as Raindrops... ever heard Arvo Pärt's Für Alina?
ah, all these endless memic variations...
no, there it's "howdy"
good. hopefully they can grow with no water and before the sandstorms cover them
it's the little things that really make life worth it
that's all fine, except that Stairway's intro chord progression isn't quite a "popular chord change": it's a very unique and characteristic one and thus there is just one party going after it, not a whole lot as would be the case with, say, boogie-woogie it's like trying to deny the unique character of chordal changes in moinlight sonata
that's not the Woz!
damn hipsters! it could be worse. it could be the javascript kiddies persisting json files in cookies
select * from (this can of worms)
I'm sorry for the sissies who weren't born back when anvils falling onto heads were common.
LOL
you sick bastard!
why should a master of pure instrumental music care for minor cantabile works?
sure, all such modernist composers were really jokers. It is some people who took their noise pranks too seriously...
&gt; I always just heard it as one big mass of sound divided up between hands. that's because it's precisely what it is
carefully ploting noise through very methodical academic formulas still is noise. true music is born from free creative improvisation upon scales. can you improvise upon rigid sequences of 12 notes? btw, when will your breathren stop this cabalistic support for such a bad and old idea?
cry, little math academic
&gt; Beethoven's sketchbooks indeed where do you think his compositions were born? free improvs either on piano or his head and heavy editing and transformation of that material &gt; can you improvise a fugue? no &gt; if you say "no," it's not music anymore! fucked up logic. sure, it's noise because I can't improvise nor write one - perhaps I could call it a freely atonal piece and call those who don't like it haters. I'm not a composer, just a music lover. &gt; your entire point of view is predicated on you being alive at a certain point in history and that, if you lived a century earlier, your point of view would be radically different like, I would enjoy Beethoven? &gt; what you say about atonal music music has been said about other musics for centuries fuck, no. Yes, there has been a gradual acceptance of more dissonance in western music through the centuries. But throughout all these centuries - heck, in music all around the world - music is born from freely improvising upon musical scales, not my carefully plotting serial sequences of 12 notes and structuring your music around that rigid approach paying close attention so that a note doesn't sound before all others have sounded and rinse and repeat. that's ludicrous and doesn't allow for free improvisation. scales, not series
"damn, these TV guys never embrace atonal music!"
but classical music is no longer art. it's a historical artifact. The aesthetic and cultural values that produced these works no longer hold true and people these days feel as alienated listening to Beethoven as they do watching the pyramids. Art is only art when understood, it's a product of the times. Millions of reprints later, everybody knows Mona Lisa, but it's not art, it's a cliché. so be it, I still enjoy these artifacts a lot. but true, significative art of our time is being delivered in vehicles completely different. I'd say some centuries from now cartoons, comic strips and videogames will be known as the prime cultural product of our age, as high art being violently disputed in auctions... music from our age will luckily go forgotten as those from middle-age bards...
&gt; It sounded like Hell. &gt; actually caused me pain to listen to. well, all atonal music sounds like that. could you be more specific?
yes, pianists usually abhor Clementi or Czerny because they get a lot of pain trying to master the etudes. They think of them as mere bureaucratic obstacles before tackling Chopin and Liszt. but Beethoven was fond of Clementi sonatas and really did recommend them to students. legendary pianist Horowitz paid attention and was rather fond too... I myself think his and later Haydn's influenced Beethoven's pianism a lot.
what does that even mean? Glass has a piano piece called Modern Waltz, which to me sounds like a Schubert waltz section repeated over and over...
oh my. LOL
marriage? how about a funeral march?
Beethoven was well-known for his improvisations. It's hard to think he and his breathren would not come up with bright ideas while improvising and then rework and edit these ideas within the framework of larger works. &gt; atonal music (especially the Second Viennese School) often stems from the same musical traditions that common practice tonal music does so what? it eventually led to fucked up rigid math harmonic series of 12-tone rows no one cares and is a nightmare to improvise within... &gt; the interest in twelve-tone music comes from the actual sound that they create, the textures that the composer makes, the dramatic elements what drama is to be found in music composed of no tension? when everything lacks center, every interval is equal, there's no drama possible. just perpetual horror...
that's taken for granted
wonderful piece and clear presentation, amigo.
You know what's wrong here? you want to learn the piano so you can play this piece and youtubers lie to you that it is easy to play the piano - after all, there's lots of chinese kids playing piano on YT, so anybody can. piano playing is not easy, it takes tons of practice and sweat to go anywhere. Those kids are not normal kids with normal lives, they're basically slaves all day long on the piano and not all adults can do that to have that level of proficiency in such small time. in other words, that song is far above your level and it'll frustrate the hell out of you up to when you finally give up piano playing. Instead of trying to run like an athlete, first try baby steps. It is not the same as running in slow motion at all. try beginner pieces and wait a few years until you can play your favorite "songs"
yea, early rock is pretty much same boogie-woogie with different lyrics
scales and arpeggios. they make you learn every nookie and crannie of the keyboard so you have a pretty good idea of your surroundings. Plus, your touch becomes very flexible
overstating is good. Perhaps he'd try Islamey next and be into it for the next five years. "songs" is what n00bs call every piece of music from whatever genre...
I don't care much for rhythm or color. text painting? wtf? if it means lyrics, they are poetry set to music, not music itself.
it means when you're a beginner, your hand is usually very rigid, shy and tense and scales and arpeggios really help with that too
LOL
I'm laughing of your insistence in choosing a minor romantic composition by a composer who only got known by his joke atonal outbreak as your exemple of "most beautiful piece of classical music". If this isn't a cabal, I don't know what it is... minor works by minor works, I choose Burgmuller's op 100... more beautiful, more influent etc
so true. but see, people who contribute code or maintain a codebase are doing to fulfill some need they have themselves. People using it are not your boss, they can't demand anything from you. If they don't understand that, their loss. Them threatening to stop using it has no consequences for your own needs. open source/free software only works on the basis of useful feedback and code patches. Everything else are whiny dumbsters.
synthesia is a pile of dung. The whole "quick, try to hit the notes as they fall in whatever means possible" mess just can't beat notated music clear phrases for each hand... people learning from that software are making themselves a huge disservice
like, good Zimmer trying his best and failing horribly at emulating some Bachian organ music... good thing he chose repetitiveness instead for Interestellar...
this monumentally sorrowful movement always leaves me speechless...
I think you create one nickname per current obsession.
please don't tell me you're yet another beginner trying to tackle Liszt? an advanced player might well learn it in about 2 months. A beginner will take a few years to learn a single piece such as that one and utterly fail to play even easier ones because he has not learned to play music, but to play one piece of music. learning to play is not learning to play one piece of music, it's learning technique and musical idioms. Learn those and you're able to play all music that employ them.
GOTO 10
after years of buying vynils and then CDs and then DVDs, then filling the void in my HD with tons of crap, now I just sign up streaming service and neither "own" nor "download" anything at all anymore. anyway, I just search and listen, sometimes as a webradio stream... I hardly seek for other users playlists
yes, that's wonderful, but let's face it: it's all but *allegretto* :)
just to be clear: I'm very far from being a pro piano player. This piece is not within my reach. I'm just fed up with beginners trying to learn piano playing piece by piece, instead of getting to basics to acquire technique by playing many etudes and scales and arpeggios. Nobody wants that, they want to closely mimic the motions employed by some youtube bozo to play famous pieces. that doesn't really work anyway, the OP already clarified he's not a beginner...
why? they suck
I laughed hard at the prospect of listening to a whole Mahler in 8 minutes
that's why they need to prey on nintendo :)
BTW, is the piece a real one? I think once I heard it was Mozart's variations on a Salieri aria
oh
a game about beating you to death all the time helping cure cancer or depression? that's new...
LOL
none
it's about the same as dropping a cat in the middle of a kennel
parser. CYAO is for weenies
I fear you are stuck with bad 80's parser games outside Infocom's and 90's raif community reach...
&gt; (I cannot express how awful pixel art's persistence is to me; why do people insist on making such otherwise-compelling games so very ugly? Unplayable.) (I finally played the Monkey Island games recently, having missed them in my youth and then not wanting to touch the hideous graphics of the original versions; having to deal with a verb system was a constant annoyance, a reminder of all the ways interactivity has advanced in the last couple decades.) first of all: agreed dead on. I don't get the hang of it either. It seems fetischism, indeed. Children fantasizing of old ages of gaming. We didn't even see pixels back then: TVs were smaller and CRT gave a natural blurring aliasing that mostly hid them. Pixelart began with emulation on PC, showing big square pixels on higher resolution displays... that said, it can still be so freakingly abstract as to have a novel beauty to it, as in Hyperlight Drifter. I played them both The Witness and Broken Age and also marvelled at the beauty of the presentation and elegant interfaces, let alone clever puzzles (specially the whole puzzle language learning and application in The Witness) but then this doesn't follow your "ancient interface" blemishes: &gt; there are parser-based IF games. New ones?! Why, my mind says. Why? If you're going to make a computer game, why make it the ugliest possible thing with the worst possible interface? what do you mean by ugly? is this text ugly? They were buttugly as played back then on monotype white on black terminals, but not today with smooth antialiased everyday fonts: [Spider and Web, circa 98](http://iplayif.com/?story=http://www.ifarchive.org/if-archive/games/zcode/Tangle.z5) [Enchanter, circa 83](http://iplayif.com/?story=https://pot.home.xs4all.nl/infocom/enchanter.z3) how can text be ugly? If it's well written, fine prose and sparks the imagination with vivid scenery, it does its job and doesn't get in the way. &gt; I parse the text in parser-based IF differently than I do in any other written work because I'm searching for affordances (verbs, nouns) and puzzle solutions rather than reading; the whole thing ends up being entirely dissociative, rather than immersive. I first read to get a grasp of the current events and my whereabouts, then I make a mental picture of it and try to remember details mentioned, and then focus my attention on these. but parser IF is definitely not for the hasty. crackhead gamers will find no fun here
probably because they are mostly puzzleless, linear, static narratives with lack of true player agency. They could easily turn into CYAO "nextpage" links with no consequences...
so? these come around every week... each one coded in the favorite PL of the undergrad trying it... I truly wish there were more IF players than engines or wannabe authors
it'd have cheap 720p screen and mobile hardware from a few years ago. you'd have to wait for facebook, whatsapp and other apps to decide to be ported at all
LOL
I'm a rarity in the IF community: I just play IF. an oppressed minority, might I add... you might wish to do better with your free time than replicate useless efforts. How about contribute to either Inform 7, parchment or even damned twine...
no "Man is by nature a political animal." - Aristotle "The price of apathy towards public affairs is to be ruled by evil men." - Plato
like commenting here and being called a leftist?
there is no such thing as "modern classical": either music will survive and be influent enough to be taught in classes years from now or will just fade into irrelevancy. A guy with a cello in a suit tells me nothing about the the genre of the music...
&gt; I made it for the experience of making it. you and thousands before, creating subpar bogus IF engines for no games nor audiences. Understand my point now? now off I go to fuck off, kthx
it's not a genre at all. saying a baroque minuet is the same as a romantic mazurka is like saying 50's rock is the same as hip-hop
humorous, fine guest stars. All the best for Bob, looking up for it!
good LOL
it's what makes the boredom of space bearable
Tolkien got a canon too.
"Classical music is art music produced or rooted in the traditions of Western music, including both liturgical (religious) and secular music." no word on "classical music" as genre. plus: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/classical "Of or relating to the first class or rank, especially in literature or art. Of or pertaining to established principles in a discipline." no word on genre, either. I find it well possible that jazz music will be considered classical music in coming centuries... not a genre, of course... why don't you just grab your dumb hat and go to the corner of the class?
are you an autist or just plain lying? those chopin nocturnes are not first year material at all
when in coming years many old "genres" get out of such useless lists and get into the umbrella term "classical" (meaning "old music that survived for its excellence"), you may want to shove that plethora of links down someone else's throat
goes on forever, never changes the same changes of inflections, same notes moaning, goes nowhere purely contemplative music incapable of spawning discourse and developing musica thought, not unlike western atonal noise "music" you may downvote if it makes you any happier, but won't change facts
you should play Chopin nocturnes easy-peasy
the discourse here sounds like the mooing of cows then again, they are sacred beings, full of higher thoughts incomprehensible for us lowly humans...
those are "typos" common to n00bies, but it's still surprising how easy it is to get wrong notes in such "simple" Beethoven music, because behind the apparent simplicity of the regular pattern lie plenty of subtle harmonic variations here and there...
always great checking out the limericks too :)
why do all web comic artists go for the same look? is it some kind of chubby stickman?
great drawing and sense of style good humor
you forgot her large tits
what's the point of the image? to make the piano look about as much as a relic of the time as ancient B&amp;W movies? BTW, Schubert is about 100 years before the movie footage anyway...
LOL
it may not be immediately funny because it requires context, such as the fact that dinos used to look like scary giant carnivorous lizards but today are thought to be more like primitive birds... I enjoyed it
LOL
all Dragon Quest and most Final Fantasy
twelve fingers for twelve tones of pure white noise XD
pure tormented bliss
masterpieces? yes beginner? no
like the saying: one man's garbage...
they are all equally wrong
why not simply let go of the old hardware and play it nicely and homely on emulator?
when it lights our sky like a full-blown moon we'll know it ;)
why? don't we all like playing retro games?
Lol. Good rebuke to the innovation champion. Didn't buy his claim that Bach or Beethoven are just "aesthetically pleasing" sounds, with nothing to munch on as aftertaste...
Complex is not the same as unpleasing. Same complaints about complexity or difficulty were throw at even Mozart, let alone Bach or Beethoven... also, taking extreme, isolated niche examples to prove something about your extreme, niche musical cult will take you nowhere... rather it proves my point: that noise atonal music is but a deadend in music history, just like the pointlessly complex contrapuntal historic example...
&gt; I'd probably eventually just give up on life if I had only that to listen to. I'd much rather just listen to the sea and wind :)
It simply is. Mind: I was calling it an overhyped gardening sim just a few weeks ago. It is about as great as OoT and Alttp and also the most impressive OW game I've played. It's a disgrace for games such as Horizon or Witcher to be so blatantly humiliated by a game running on lastgen hardware this way...
Well, relative as pleasing may be, it seems that even the most complex of common practice works is far more pleasing to audiences than even the lesser complex of noise music. Relatively speaking, of course.
Remo Giazotto
DO A PIANO ROLL
is a "professional synthesia player" something akin to a "professional youtuber"? LOL
kinda sad to think of those pieces as mere ambience...
Yes, because I don't sympathize with plagiarists... ;-)
Get a playstation emulator, a Final Fantasy Tactics rom and play a much better game.
are there themes by Beethoven with more than 2 notes? Moonlight, 5th and many other ditch too many notes to concentrate on form and harmonic developments... and still, are such memorable melodic phrases on their own...
Yes, one has finesse tactical battles, wonderful ost, memorable characters and storyline. The other is a dumbed down sequence of random battles barely inspired by true classics.
Both are rpgs centering on battles.
The cartoon is funny. The title makes no sense.
it's for emphasis. "don't just play e, really play it with both fingers" people don't get jokes :(
I only recognize Saint Louis Blues and Midnight Waltz. good stuff let me guess, legacy from grandparents? Mine only handed me down old vinyl discs...
is that so? It's a children's sheetmusic book (with hard music), so I'd guess an actual Doctor as we use it everyday would be completely acceptable as title - to mirror others such as "Serenade for the doll" or "Jimbo's Lullaby" - but Debussy could well be thinking about the double meaning as well...
it's a funny story (actually quite sad): I had famous third in the collection forever as a long-time favorite. But upon trying to listen to the others eons ago, I started with number 1 and didn't quite like the instrumentation (not a big fan of overly bright winds such as horns or trumpets). Summing up, I guess I never took the time to actually listen to the rest, immature and reckless as any teen. This weekend I listened to nothing but the whole 6 in many different recordings and what a joy to find such superb masterpieces virgin to my ears... 3, 4 and 5 standing quite high now among my favorites. 1 and 2 are nice too, despite the loud winds concertino ;)
yes, the volume should be up, if down you only play forte and louder, never piano, pp, etc
laymen just dig the tune, it's a christmas tradition, practically
Oh, I'm not dissing the movement, just telling that the little core tune simplified is all they get out of it. Just as gggEb
Df, Brazil 0_o
Definetely very light. It has a very soothing pastoral feeling... found it so charming
Looks a bit like jupiter and a moon :)
Plain pvp games suck, that is all. We need single-player campaign.
Seems to be working.
Listening to music makes me blind.
fellow jews in a hard time don't downvote an obvious truth
LOL
in a real cartoon, the guy would just be flattened and then popup alright afterwards... this is cartoon in the XXI: psycho stuff for depressed people
smoking hot sauce LOL
Have you ever even touched the appassionata, waldstein, tempest or hammerklavier? You like Chopin? Look at nowhere else than hammerklavier's adagio sostenuto for the genesis of his aria-singing piano style... Liszt himself loved the waldstein (I'd guess mostly because of the intense last movement) Beethoven may look pretty economic technically nowadays (though at his time he pushed it forward madly) but his sonatas have far more dramatic qualities and substantial depth than most others.
the best part of it is the chiptune soundtrack. Really dig the battle and castle music :)
Claudio Arrau and Vladmir Horowitz for starters. :)
is that Addams Feminism?
there is: the penguin thinks the hamster is waiting to watch a whale, not to date one... and truth be told, I wouldn't put much faith in such a relationship
his whole Kinderszenen album is well worth it. Even easier and fine too is his Album for the Young. I'd also look up tons of pieces from Schubert (noble waltzes, many ecossaises, improptus), Mendelssohn's Songs without Words (like all the famous venetian barcarolles) and Grieg's Lyric Pieces. Might well also check out Tchaikowsky's Album for the young too.
I wonder why this doesn't immediately repel me like atonal noise... I came here expecting to do a fine trolling as usual, but became a bit too captivated... There is lots of dissonance and tension building up and no recognizable melodic line, yet, there's something of an overarching structure at place here who doesn't offend me as looking completely random and haphazard, there is a rhythmic drive that pushes it forward... I'll look more into this composer some day...
no, not used to renaissance music at all. I'd say late baroque is what really shaped music history for the best ;-) I can stand Frescobaldi keyboard works, but pure vocal madrigals and weird harmony choices from previous ages is hard to stand. still, making an effort to broaden my horizons...
poor bastard abused from such an early age...
Mozart? Please, when trolling, do some research first.
Grow beyond early Beethoven sonatas like pathetique or moonlight and come back after the appassionata, waldstein or hammerklavier bring some humility to your discourse... Plus, I think you're also wrong in your assumption that romantic pieces are more open to interpretation. classicism is not about strict, perfect interpretation, it's about form, structure, balance and clarity. Romantism is not about being free to butcher a piece by a failure to understand rubato and think you can slow down at will... It was about breaking free from sonata-form strict rules, not interpratation, again...
Classical music suits that culture well because it was highly complex music created by highly specialized geniuses, themselves wünderkids from an early age, 8 hours a day at the piano or violin...
There is only modernism in the time we live. Let people from 2 hundred years ahead come up with their favorite labels for us. I guess "Bipolars" would be a good fit.
Sounds about the same as A Study in Scarlet :)
guess they didn't like Laika
same shity ministatement as the others around here they just thumb you down because you didn't follow the retarded 5-7-5 mantra
&gt; a shitty line here &gt; and two more in five seven five: &gt; no haiku at all the essence of haiku is objective juxtaposition of scenes, not statements or lyrism in 5-7-5 non-sense
Bach's WTC and The Art of Fugue Beethoven's Complete Piano Sonatas Chopin's Etudes, Preludes, Nocturnes, Ballades Liszt's Trascedental Etudes and Sonata at a minimum
Czerny was contemporary of Beethoven. His etudes do share a lot of common musical idioms used in Beethoven sonatas and other stuff from the classical period. That's what students need to learn: the idioms used in each piano age...
&gt; I have played guitar since I was 11. I picked up the piano ~6 months ago. seems you're in for a world of suffering. Not impossible, but you just won't get it easy as people with larger handspans. or you might try playing the harpsichord or clavichord instead, since they are instruments prior to largescale concert pianos and their keyboard is more compact and also have lighter keys. With a clavichord, [you could even go up to some Beethoven, but not much further](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCJ0-xAoduk) plus, the clavichord typical timbre might well remind you a bit of the guitar :)
my favorite such marking is m.s. = mano sinistra (where you're **left hand** goes play a treble part)
it seems my neighbor's dog hates everytime I play the piano. Either I play very bad or he just loves to bark along... btw, there is a very funny anedoctal scene in the director's cut of that classic movie Amadeus where Mozart faces a similar problem :)
how can one not love the Heroic Polonaise? ಥ_ಥ
&gt; Some of my greatest musical revelations have come from completely not musical activities that applies only for geniuses, genius. For the common man, there's no other way than the hard way ;) still, I'd say, much like top tennis players, top pianists too are all about plenty of practice and sweat.
what? most people see mordants early on when playing Bach's 2-part inventions, for instance...
http://imslp.org/wiki/12_Minuets,_Hob.IX:8_(Haydn,_Joseph) mere googling
oh well. out of luck :p
neither 5-7-5 non-sense nor haiku
I revolted against the 5-7-5 non-sense and just thumb them down.
it's that damn title! No one is choosing a symphony named "pathetique" nowadays no matter how emotional and pathos-evoking it is... the term simply lost its original meaning as "touching" when people began ironically applying it to risqué pieces...
LOL kid got starry eyes
I played Banjo in my 20's and loved it. fact is, the market changed and just bringing yet another 8-bit Megaman won't do it. Bloodborne is the real, perfect SotN2 to me. that said, I lived that age, loved both Super Metroid and SotN and I'm seriously hyped for this one. I won't be pulling some lame complaints as kids these days: http://kotaku.com/the-kids-of-today-seem-to-be-struggling-with-super-metr-507848662
these kids never played SotN.
a diehard retrofan I played more than enough blocky pixels for life as a kid. I very much prefer what I see today in games like Dust, Limbo or Wonderboy for Switch. Not that I can't appreciate some incredible games in pixelart style such as Hyper Light Drifter, but I'm definitely not fond of the retrocraze...
yes, love that passage too (though perhaps a bit too fast in this recording). Always sounds to me like a stroll through the fields by horse... I'd also say the whole second movement...
I see 3 keyholes
like others said: the creature is not the same as the creator. you may know that a author was an asshole, but how many authors you may not know to be assholes behind the samaritan public image? besides, cultural changes. Racism was a given, as was slavery, for a very long time. Should we drop all the classical works from those assholes? would you be an asshole too back then?
I'd say acoustic guitar a better choice. If still determine, try some Casio or Yamaha entry-level digital piano and try to learn by searching scores from piano graduation programs...
Oh, that's beginner stuff. But, yes, I'd recommend Clementi, which was a rival of Mozart and later friend of Beethoven who in his own age really pushed forward piano technique. His Gradus ad Parnassum is still used for advanced technique and his own sonatas might surprise many folks, some sound downright Beethovenian, before Beethoven. Horowitz himself went on to record some of them. The germans were full throttle back then with national imperialism and tended to suppress many good italian composers in favor of their own. We don't need to incur on that error again.
It always ends in patent minefields and ARMs race...
Well, haiku is about the present moment. If a flower is flowing in the present moment, that's what it is. So is the winding path with its dual meaning, a path winding down or a path where wind blows. It blows and pollen flows and winds down the path. Perhaps we could rewind and flow back to the past. Thus we're back to the flowing flower and myriads of echos and directions...
I like ambiguity, I try to cram as much as I can in verses small or large. Pollen is flowing from flowers flowing in the winding blowing path... There's music in the air, follow it
I like this for a change: http://img15.deviantart.net/49a3/i/2013/124/1/0/beethoven_by_harkon72-d641p3p.jpg
Thank you. People don't enjoy being told they're wrong and get bitchy :)
thumbed down for no haiku. not my fault ;-) go post mini lyric 5-7-5 poems over at /r/OCPoetry
good
Fascinating bit of quite recent (1997) historic trivia going back even further ('70s). That's good digital archeology, a hacking art itself. If neither Steele, Ritchie, Kernighan and many of those serious computer scientists from the '70s know its origins, we can be pretty sure it's alien tech, probably first implemented in Lisp. ;-) edited to appease friendly grammar nazis, thanks all. :)
BTW, reflections on past security reflections, or, On trusting trust, by Ken Thompson: https://www.win.tue.nl/~aeb/linux/hh/thompson/trust.html
A sure bet ;-)
1970's
AD
thanks, not native english speaker. Although decades into this weird german-fathered language, it can still surprise me in nooks and crannies (always wanted to use that expression)
he sticks the tempo up the musicians eyes so it's not a mess of a soundmass that sticks down our ears
have you ever played Resogun, the early PS4 sleeper hit? if you, like me, is from atari days or even NES or SNES, you might find it a very worthwhile old space shooter. In fact, it's kind of a modern remake of the classic arcade Defender, from atari days...
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, NINTENDO BRING THIS TO SWITCH GET THAT KIRBY TO 3DS INSTEAD, PLEASE NO, I DON'T CARE FOR FPS PRIME METROID
as far as I understand, this is a remake of Metroid 2. again, as was Metroid Zero Mission of Metroid 1. Nintendo doesn't know what to do with this series. And if last 3DS Metroid, Other M and Prime 3 are any indications, I'd rather they just continue with buffed up remakes indeed. hoping for at least a serious remake of Super Metroid for Switch
I don't care for shitty metroid-skinned fps
Here's what this Metroid-skinned game will be all about: Goldeneye-like arenas of first-person-shooting dumbness. BRING METROID 2 REMAKE TO SWITCH, NINTENDO! I don't care for this crap nor for Kirby, which is a light entry-level game for a light, entry-level gaming machine, the 3DS. True metroidvania Metroid exploration belongs to consoles.
I played Metroid Trilogy on wii. not impressed
&gt; When the phrase "The arrow flies fast" is rearranged into speech that isn't common I take issue with that. Common speech does not make great poetry. Besides, "fast, flies the arrow" is perfectly acceptable and meaningul speech, even if analphabets may liken it to "yoda speech". Very usually words in a phrase I rearrange so mere phrase it is not anymore, but musical verse. And while not of the lyrical, emotive type, haiku is still poetry. You can read some transcribed japanese originals and listen to plenty of, if not rhymes, then aliterations, echoes, and so forth...
Brahms I can understand, but Liszt was pretty sober, wasn't he?
fast flies the arrow is not nearly as forced as your example
crappy haiku and lifestyle
good, honest haiku. I can see the scene in movement just now
:/
Bach was a fan. That should be enough.
my exact thought LOL &gt; Who turns in a chair sideways like that? the guy who used to make violent, polytonal, polyrhythmic music
they can't, nor can haikus
great art has always been about working around limits and restrictions. Limitless freedom is boring, like this noise music.
yeah, a Mozart concerto in bizarro world
still looks chinese...
Bach preludes and other works for organ or harpsichord
Weird and ironic reply there. My comment deserves no attention and yet you give it some. You call it racist for calling chinese a person of seemingly asian-ancestry (and relating to the fact of many piano wünderkids these days being chinese) What's your problem?
it was a joke on the fact that so many piano kids are chinese. why are you all so up to arms?
far too many great music to have any favorite among them. But I'll leave you this Bach sarabande from his second english suite (the whole suite is absolutely marvelous, but this is the emotional highlight to me): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHCu4S42xM8
charming baroque jazz :)
the electric guitar
&gt; I was present at the visit and demo, and it was the work of my group and myself that Steve saw, yet the Quora question is the first time that anyone has asked me what happened. (Worth pondering that interesting fact!) I agree. :) very interesting. So many things came out of that legendary place. Did you guys know the eInk screen on Amazon's kindle can also trace its roots to them? anyway, still wondering why would Herbie Hancock pay them a visit... :)
best known for Pascal. I should still get around to get acquainted with Oberon...
My thought exactly
Love how big villain Winter has been bested by big bully Summer in the south, but really wished otherwise. I'm way more south than most of you, but at least below the equator line...
Holmes is popularly thought of being involved in supernatural mysteries, in part for the enduring popularity of The Hound of Baskervilles and in part for his almost paranormal-like powers of deduction. He never really fought any ghosts or demons as other media depict it...
try pieces from the many collections of romantic music published as Album for the Young, after Schumann's original, including those by Tchaikovsky and Gurlitt.
btw :)
pop is dumb simplism Gymnopedias are dumb simplism, so...
I guess you're the daddy who never knew she moaned louder than the winds in the woods...
A recyclable joke. Saw it just a few days ago with lame tv shows
Andrew Gavin and Jason Rubin, no mere programmers, just legends.
Are you blind on purpose or you just enjoy it? Tell us your interpretation for the scene depicted, please.
It would be called classical rock.
A meta-poem about writing a sonnet. I dig the correct heroic decasyllables and the rich choice of wording, but not so much the writing about writing itself, nor the fact that it is more prose broken in verses than proper verses as autonomous units in their own...
Nice escapade, but I'll keep an eye on you
Sonny, you'd be surprised by how much more elite were IDEs for both Lisp and Smalltalk at a time when most peasant programmers were laboring on their dirty text-only edit-save-compile pascal/c cycle... Clumsy bloated java IDEs today are but a shade of them
Technically alright, as I noted. The contents and imagery are your own, giving feedback about your preferences there isn't revealing my own? I'm fed up with self-referential poems about writing and verses and poets. In your defense, I found it bold enough to cram prose in heroic decasyllables.
Pretty much
Stability: the quality or state of being stabbed in the backdoor by a PS4 update
They'd be second-hand accounts. I was a lad when they were full-throttle already and a peasant when primitive text-only java was beginning to displace them.
LOL terribly great
my PX-850 has all 3, and continuous pedalling (some models are just on/off)
He gets some very fast and energic allegros and very soothing slow movements. All about right. This is one of the earliest pieces of keyboard music that I've heard that I had right away as a favorite ever since. I specially love the prelude (though there's so many musical ideas being played there at once that a slower tempo might be better) and the central slow and dramatic Sarabande around 9:30. The sarabande reminds me a bit of Beethoven's dreamy adagios - it's probably the reverse, obviously. Could Beethoven have been under the influence of baroque sarabandes, like Bach's and Händel's? They are wonderful... good thing this dance music moved away from its frantic origins
66 keys was common in harpsichord days, the piano came to proeminence and increased that to 88. That was when music as Music. now, [this looks about right](https://www.bhphotovideo.com/images/images2500x2500/nektar_technology_impact_lx25_midi_controller_1286401.jpg) for "music" nowadays
I see the irony... counting and counting and not sleeping nor making haikus... best to picture the sheep :)
They don't have to stop coming, just to wear the condom.
LOL, that was me indeed. You're right: shitty modern music still going strong. LOL But thankfully, at least for piano music, I very much think the japanese, chinese and others are learning much and delivering the finest musicianship ever since Chopin. :)
So from this impressive demo I guess this is for PS5, right?
Not unfair, just the facts
damn, how I loved Third Rock from the Sun
meh, just yet another lousy, loud and repetitive rocky tune. I'm used to rich harmonies and structures of western classical music, so not impressed, sorry... well, at least it's not academic atonal noise... since we're at /r/piano, you could very well point out some fine modern asian composers for the instrument instead of this
that's nice. Enjoy your molehill
I had written a 2-page dissertation going over the finer points of the poem and clever imagery, but I lost it to bad puns. instead I'll just say I like the wordplay.
Thank you very much indeed for the kind and bright analysis. It dawned on me looking at a particularly beautiful sunset not long ago that colors are more bright than ever at the moment and they all gather around the sun as fleeing from the world. All the blues, purples, reds, oranges and yellows in the sky, the greens, yellows as they leave tree leaves. A spectacular display before all is dark and cinders gray... Regarding form, I'm more and more favoring less syllables and more contrast. The whole 5-7-5 thing, as well as three verses, are rules invented by the first westerners to get to the islands of the rising sun. haiku there is single line, in that vertical style they write. This haiku is a bit flawed, I left a bit too lyricism in the way the sun acts. Although it is indeed the sun that sets colors upon our world with its powerful light, taking it back is a bit too personal. I might rewrite it as: ... all colors in the world! sun sets and burns... ... The last verb is a universal truth about the sun it also fits well the scene of a sunset and also connects thinly to the previous statement of pure joy, suggesting the sun burns them all before setting them again next mourning. Yes, I like that better. Still, thank you indeed
no doubt
A fine pun for the bum.
A pole crosses over into a bar.
is this better? . blown away! kid frowns as icecream melts walkway . when I put in 3 verses, I tend to read it with a slight pause between verses, so the stressed syllables don't distress me much. Plus, I read kidsfrown with a single stressed syllable, the latter. I still prefer the original, I dig that "under"... the sense of season is not intentional. It may be hot summer up there in the USA, but here in Brazil it's quite chilly (yes, it happens). The image just formed out of nowhere and the opportunity for haiku... thank you for the reading and observations
they only battle when absolutely needed ;-)
previous attempts have issued pretty lowres pixelized images to discern anything. This one is truly an amazing feat. Mindblown...
scratched vinyl had more impact on both and abroad
on the contrary: always progressing through modulations. ;-) How many repetitions have you counted today, dear reichian?
I believe cats are fond of the vibration more than anything :) whenever I was playing, mine would lie atop the piano.
Yeah. For the worse.
Incredibly tiny library. No Chrono Trigger, TMNT, Rock'n'Roll Racing, Super Turrican, Actraiser, Axelay, Battletoads in Battlemaniacs, etc... that tiny list is like a top 10 out of a seriously top 100 gaming machine... I won't pay for a small stick pc running a SNES emulator just for that...
Fuck, reeds
I was thinking about its business strategy for software: a tiny selection, each selling millions because there's nothing else worthwhile to play... since N64 at place...
While we're at it, I've always found a remarkable semblance in Beethoven's intro theme for his Appassionata sonata to that of US anthem. Anyone else?
Remarkable observer. Clown always a favorite...
A brief inspiration the composer might had from the anthem (or just a coincidence). Still, much better and more dramatically explored...
LOL Dudley Moore also did have his take...
a neverending discussion, issuing both slower and faster versions of the same piece I like both :)
&gt; I cant read music you realize that learning the basics of musical notation shouldn't really take you longer than 30 minutes? How many more years you'll keep lying to yourself? Buy some Alfred books and don't waste more time. plus, if for 10 years I only doodle on the piano for some weekend or another, I wouldn't really call that 10 years of piano practice. Practice is directed, intentional, constant... practice demands sweat...
haiku this is not. just arbitrary boxing. I'll have some coffee...
how about recursive? (λ λ) :)
no
yes, very disappointing
because it was a revolutionary age of major turbulence and tuberculosis, of nobles and workers struggling against industrials and bankers many sad people, thus
it's named matter :)
to his grownups: old wig :)
it's a superficial, almost lyric comment in a forum, not a master thesis
blank paper with nothing written in it, just the usual puzzle box in an unsettling oneiric setting... not really interactive **fiction** at all
truly shitty. Besides, haiku is not 5-7-5 nonsense, let alone a long thought in a long string of 5-7-5 nonsense
He got a real crush on her.
Look around. Look at big jerk tv shows, at shallow movies, at memelandnet and tell us how wrong he was. Then point us at literary sites, at movie critics, at, summing up, people who take writing seriously and further prove your point about him being wrong. These videogame, audiovisual smartphone kids are barely more capable of discourse, rhetoric or reasoning beyond bare social survival shooting skills in a multiplayer game than a caveman.
The analysis are far more entertaining and valuable than the subject material because they are literary in nature.
Poets have made wonderful verses out of pure BS. Any good writer can turn anything into gold. It won't make a turd any less of a turd, though. [BTW]( http://itre.cis.upenn.edu/myl/languagelog/archives/002404.html)
