Twist and Shout - Beatles
Sushi. I don't see the point in it.
"Who was your favorite teacher?"
There is no being named Satan. Satanists are pure atheists. There are no supreme beings. Nature is indifferent to us. The closest thing to a god in our universe is ourselves. You are at the center of your own universe, and you have the power to change it.
I had exactly that happen. I won a $500 gift card in a golf tournament. It was to a very high end men's clothing store. Forget it. The suits started in the thousands. I managed to spend it on a pair of pants and some Ray Ban sunglasses.
Smoked cigarettes. Not long ago I quit for the same reason. Smoking continues to make you look older.
Toby from The Office.
Skipped Chris's funeral. Everybody did. She was a weird, unattractive, unpopular girl who few even noticed. She had a heart attack in gym class at 13. It was shocking to have a classmate die, but few were broken up by it because nobody really knew her. I don't know that a single classmate attended her funeral. This had to hurt her parents, and that never occurred to me until I became a parent myself. I wish I could go back and attend it, and encourage others to join me.
Your girlfriend is rotten to the Corps.
Joe Pesci - Goodfellas
One of the Flanders boys?
30Rock. I will get a joke on the fifth viewing that I didn't even hear on the first four.
That's called "Vaguebooking." A cry for attention.
That's the little wet spot.
President Bush vomiting on the Prime Minister of Japan.
Usain Bolt winning the Olympic gold in the 100 M is the best athletic performance I've ever seen.
I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.
There was an undertaker in southern USA that was raided, and hundreds of bodies that should have been cremated were thrown out in the woods behind his business. It was a shocking story, but it broke on or about 9/8/01 - and was hugely overshadowed a few days later.
I can play the drums.
Is Saturday Night Live popular? Either way, I just don't have the patience for it.
I already regret throwing away my first cell phone. Mid 80's from Radio Shack. Picture a car battery with a handset on it.
Tobias Funke?
Somehow it's OK to throw around the word "idiot," even though clinically that falls below "retarded" in the spectrum. Next step down is "moron," and that gets used with impunity too.
Eaten sushi. I'd try it if it was put in front of me, but otherwise the rawness doesn't appeal to me.
TIFU by invading and trashing Kuwait.
What about if they gave you their garbage email? The one that gets tons of ads every day because they use it for purchases and such. I was dating a woman who I sensed gave me that address and didn't like it. I couldn't be trusted with her good one?
People controlling their own cars at high speeds on highways, rather than a computer driving it.
I hate the "you choose to be happy or sad" nonsense. Tell that to a slave, or an ISIS victim.
Archer. I saw it referenced somewhere and recorded an episode. Now I can't stop, and even 3rd or 4th viewings of the same episode brings new laughs.
Drinking the milk of other species, after we're done weaning. We're the only mammal on Earth that does this. A subway rat would find it disgusting.
If you wanted to quit smoking, but still stick something in your mouth - your choice was lollipops or toothpicks. Thank you inventor of the e-cig!
It was in my 20's when I started noticing people in authority looking too young for that job. Teachers, police officers, etc.
Switching to high beam headlights. The switch used to be on the floor. It was easy to use, and hard to hit by mistake. The turn signal lever did not need this additional function.
That was around when they started changing. Mid 70's and earlier were all on the floor that I saw.
Cheating on your spouse is life changing, and almost always for the worse in the long run.
Thank you! For 3 years, I've never known how people did all those things.
Van Dyke?...Clark?...Nixon? None of them?
10 great stories...50 amusing anecdotes....200 well timed puns....and 5000 comments that nobody gave a rat's ass about.
Donald Trump said that Sen John McCain is no war hero, because he got caught and imprisoned. He's said many outrageous things since then - but I think this is where it all started.
Just because it's in a fancy meme doesn't mean it's true.
Donuts!
You sharted in the pair you showed up in.
This is brilliant. You don't have to peel their whole hand away, just part of it. I shall remember this.
Nuclear fission, even in the simplest of terms.
A ride to the airport. My boss once called me at 11 PM to pick him up. I told him to grab a cab, save the receipt, and I'll pay it in the morning. He got my point, and apologized for even asking.
My smallest one was barely bigger than a car remote. I miss that size - but I sure don't miss texting with the numbers.
Ask if they ever peed in the pool. If they say yes, they're a pig. If no, they're a liar.
As a kid, I once stepped out of my house and saw a man carrying an oak tree that was at least 100 years old and 100 feet tall. I could see it had just been cut from it's stump, and even though his arms couldn't nearly encircle it, there he was slowly walking along with it. Then I realized that out of vision was a crane holding it from the top, and he was simply guiding it. Then they went on to cut it apart from the bottom up. But for those 10 seconds, I thought I was seeing some kind of superpower.
"The Movie Was Better"
It's not just pinup girls showing side-boob anymore.
We lived in an old colonial, and there was a closet for coats near the front door. The back wall of that closet stopped about 2' short of the floor, and if you crawled under it, it opened up into the space below the stairs. I was the only one who would go back there, so it was my private space. I listened to my record player in there.
And even the very best have to endure a lot of bad sets in order to come up with the polished one you saw on HBO. It's constant trial and error. The pain of jokes, or even an entire set falling flat is something few people could handle.
Arrogance. Whether they're a have or a have-not makes no difference.
Can I have your name....address....phone number....blood type..... Radio Shack never got any of that out of me!
So true. There were only about 5 websites up at the beginning of the decade.
I'm going to be 70 in only 12 years.
I remember talking outside with a few neighbors about a particular movie, and one of them went inside and came back out with a review of the movie and it's playing times all printed out. That was the first thing I ever saw pulled from the internet, and I knew I needed to get online.
My college Biology final was multiple choice, all the answers came from a labeled diagram of the body. I heard the girl sitting at 10 O'Clock snicker, and when I looked her way I saw her column of answers spelled out "Merry Christmas" I quickly changed what would have been about a C into an easy A.
Continue the fight after being shot in the shoulder.
Scott's Tots.
Hazel Wassername on 30Rock. She seemed like an unnecessary character being jammed into the show, and then I realized that's what the character was doing on TGS. Putting herself in the middle of everything.
Reading under a dim light. That strains your eyes no more than quiet music strains your ears.
Latrina.
If you think Obama is the worst president in US history, you don't know your US history.
This is why we shouldn't elect people who were born on other continents, and then show fake ID.
I only recently learned that Pres McKinley was essentially bought and put there by the reigning industrialists of the time. Rockefeller, Carnegie, and J P Morgan. He did exactly what they wanted him to do, which was keep the federal government out of their businesses. Labor laws, workplace safety, anti-trust violations...none of that got any attention until he was out of office.
The first hand hold makes my heart pitter patter more than the first kiss does. I happen to be in a new relationship where we haven't done it yet. Saturday is Date #3. I might be getting some hand.
"Your test results came back positive."
The health benefits of Shakeology, and the financial freedom attained by selling it to your friends.
Is strawberries and whipped cream healthy?
Bed bugs. They don't play fair, like mosquitoes. They know when a human is sleeping by their breathing pattern, and that's when the feast begins. But first they inject you with a numbing agent, so you'll never catch them in the act. The itching begins long after they're gone on a full belly.
The Twizzlers keep the kid employed. The typical theater breaks even on ticket sales, at best. Every film they commit to is a gamble, and they lose money as often as earn it. The concessions is their profit, that goes to more places than the owner's pocket.
Saving money at someone else's expense? At the grocery store, that's called shoplifting. Brag away.
And wave yellow towels at football games.
Virus Attached
It took me a couple weeks to figure out I had them too. I was buying moisturizers for what I thought was a dry skin problem. Then I noticed some bites. So the next time I woke up in the middle of the night, I jumped up and turned on the light. There were about 10 of them on my sheets.
Men tend to say "uh," and women use "um." As we get older, the more likely both sexes are to use "uh."
I would have to have two loaves at all times. His and Hers.
This happens sometimes with people who pull in from a side street. When I'm squeezing in that way, I practically floor it for that first quarter mile so the person behind me doesn't need to brake.
I saw Daniel Tosh call out the "woo girl" right at the beginning of his stand-up. "That girl who just yelled woo the loudest? The guy who brought you wishes he could stick a grenade up your ass and blow you up."
I was really disappointed with a woman I was dating who did this in Target. She changed her mind on the towels in her cart, and just tossed them on top of a clothes rack. She had also made a mess of the towel section while shopping for them. I jokingly criticized her for it, but in reality she dropped quite a few points that day. Selfishness and laziness are unattractive traits.
Is that you Pee Wee?
Stopping right inside the entrance. "Hmm...which way should I go....hmmm."
When an employee argues over a procedure or rule that I insist on. It's not even the matter at hand that bothers me, it's the bigger picture that they're arguing it. In my world, if my employer says that the first minute of every work day is to be spent standing on one foot next to my desk - I either do it, or quit. I don't argue that it's not necessary or stupid. I don't cheat and actually stand on two feet. I get there early to make sure I don't miss the one foot minute.
They never prosecuted because all they had was he said/she said evidence.
Recreational running. I understand the appeal for those who like it, but I never did.
The worst that can happen is you go crashing down in a ball of flaming aluminum and seat cushions.
A witness to Abraham Lincoln's assassination was a contestant on a TV game show.
Samuel Seymour was a 5-year-old in the audience at Ford's Theater that night. In 1956, he appeared on the show, "I've Got A Secret."
My interview for a boiler room job back in the 1980's. I very quickly surmised that they were selling worthless investments. I didn't mind high pressure sales, I had already done it. But this was stealing, and targeting the people who could least afford it.
I like the Polish, "Not my circus, not my monkeys" for "Not my problem."
The fax machine. That miraculous invention changed my life. A few of us splintered off and opened a satellite office for our company, just because we wanted to live on the other side of the country. The fax machine made it no different than being on the other side of the room.
I saw it the best way - from a commercial flight that happened to go right over it. I didn't have to go an inch out of my way, just casually look down.
That would scare the devil out of me.
Dezeeze. Ayds. Kanser. Leprissy. Skervee.
Ahh..it would start with my first cigarette in years.
The national anthem to the country you're in.
The pack mentality. How quickly people jump aboard a movement without questioning it. Social media has made it easier to form a mob than ever before.
Turning down invitations or requests without any excuse. Can you help me move on Saturday? "No." That's it. I don't have to tell you what I'm doing instead, or go on about my sore back - just a simple no.
I just learned the other day that Orville Wright was still alive when the atom bomb was dropped. I wonder about his thoughts on that.
That's why I usually say yes, and it's actually an enjoyable day. I'm referring to when I *can't* do it.
Any time I see a parent lose their temper over youth sports. I've seen a father take a swing at a coach over a rule he didn't agree with in a basketball game for 5-year-olds. In every case, the child is never upset or hardly even cares. It's the parent who goes ballistic.
President Eisenhower has midway through his term, and nobody had ever heard the song "Mack the Knife" yet.
While ordering breakfast. Server: How do you like your eggs? Me: I don't know. I haven't had them yet.
Trench coats to school, ruined by Harris and Klebold.
Bill Gates, or any corporate leader, if I use trickery and a throw away phone. Rob Manfred, the commissioner of ML Baseball, if I just use my name. We were friends years ago.
"Coming up...watch what happens when this poor skateboarder's face meets the bicycle rack!" Um, no thanks. Hand me the remote.
Telling a lie.
My grandma in MN added a "my" to the end of that.
Oy vey.
If you're uncomfortable making a phone call, write down what you want to say. Either hot points, or even sentences you read word for word. What you're afraid is a lapse in your thoughts and an uncomfortable silence, and a cheat sheet prevents that from happening.
I had a woman apologize for taking a call, but it was from her daughter. No problem. But a few minutes later I pretended mine vibrated, and told her we're now even because I had to take a call too. "I'm in the middle of something very important right now and can't talk. You can tell Stockholm that Scrappy Larue is no longer their piggy bank. They can rebuild their own bridges and tunnels. Tell them to raise taxes, or call the Bank of Munich, but I'm out. Good bye." She sat there stunned until I told her I wasn't talking to anybody.
Having more and more friends die. When you're young, it's rare to have one of your peers pass away. By the 50's, about 10% of the people you ever met are dead. 60's, more like 30%. By late 70's, it's over 50%. That rate never stops going up.
Leap out of bed the second the alarm goes off, and beat on my chest like an ape. She's not a morning person.
The most disturbing scene in the film ended up getting cut out, because test audiences found it just too sad. It was Dorothy singing a reprise of Over the Rainbow, but while imprisoned in the witch's tower.
Minors who address adults as Mr/Mrs/Ms until they're told a first name is okay.
Clear the microwave timer. Nobody wants to see "00.06." And why didn't you just set it for six seconds less, anyway?
Raising children.
A man in a suit with a ponytail.
Could you help me get out of a big financial problem?
My partner and I made an $80,000 phone bill go away without too much effort. One whopping lie, and some easily created documentation to back it up. The person in charge of collecting the debt had a soft spot, and we hit it hard. She should have sent it to an outside agency or their legal department, but she didn't. She kept listening, and we wore her down in a week.
Scream! Man, woman, big, small...doesn't matter. If I find myself in a situation I can't physically escape, the first thing I'll do is yell my loudest incessantly. Not only does it attract attention, but I'm unpredictable and not communicating. I've become a terrible target.
Everybody's ambidextrous when it comes to masturbating and nose picking.
Nooses are so last century. So are rafters. A belt and a sturdy doorknob are all you need these days.
Fifty people making hundreds of calls per day at twenty cents per minute. It added up pretty quickly. Carriers let the bills get that high because they were greedy. The markup was high, and they were very slow to disconnect a customer.
"The best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter." Winston Churchill
I didn't appreciate them at the time. I just memorized what it took to pass. Now I wish I could go back and repeat every history course I ever took because it's fascinating.
The train tracks are north of you.
Arguing with my wife over whether or not I've seen a particular movie. It's happened more than once. I mention a movie I want to record or rent, she tells me I've already seen it. Neither of us can win that argument, or even agree to disagree.
Mine was 34 years ago tomorrow. I was already thinking about it before seeing this question, because I've been divorced for three years. The ceremony was in a beautiful outdoor setting on a perfect June day, and the large reception was held at an elegant venue on Long Island. Since that time, I've seen our wedding spot in more than one movie, and the reception hall used in a story line on the Sopranos.
They basically strapped themselves to a giant firecracker aimed at the moon.
George Harrison used to throw parties that, no matter how many showed up, he had enough ukulele's for everybody. I sure wish recordings existed from those jams.
If I'm diagnosed with cancer, I won't fight it with anything beyond pain killers. My obituary will not include the phrase "courageous battle."
Cue strings.
I understand that backstories add additional drama, but if it's truly a competition, all that should matter is their ability. The fact they were orphaned at age 5 is irrelevant. Instead, their sad story gives them somewhat of an advantage over those with a more normal upbringing.
Wristcutters, A Love Story.
To control his language around people it might offend, which includes anybody he doesn't know.
A pet reptile of any kind.
Another life after this one, in a happy place, with 107 billion other people who are also on their second life.
If 5K turned into 40K, then 50K would have grown at the exact same rate. It's not the bank's interest rate. It was in treasury bills the whole time.
I'll bet the person who discovered it was also the person who's fault it was for happening, and they covered it up rather than admit the mistake.
A medley of some of the most famous rock piano solo's of all time, followed by a well known classical piece, which led into "Roll Over Beethoven."
A lot of lottery winners fall into this trap. They buy their way into a lifestyle they can never maintain when the well goes dry. Nearly a third of large lottery winners end up declaring bankruptcy.
Experts say that more prisoners break *prior* to torture, rather than during it. The anticipation of torture is the worst torture of all. During torture, subjects tend to either lie, or become even more determined to not give the torturer what they want.
I farted while giving a trampoline demonstration to a college class. About 20 students surrounding the trampoline, all eyes on me, complete silence.
Yes, because what she's giving me becomes less special. I really cared for a woman who had previously spent a few years in the swinger lifestyle with her ex. It bothered me that this beautiful, special gift she was giving to me had also been given to guys that she never knew their name. I also couldn't help but feel I was being compared to others.
All the girls who give me numbers seem to live in the 555 area code.
Stubbornness. It's kept me out of some trouble, but it's also kept me out of some fun.
Every time I slam my knee into the corner of my desk, I'm sure I split it in two this time. Damn you Thomas Jefferson for inventing the swivel chair.
Because the key no longer works either.
I hate how many people don't recognize addiction as a disease. They only see the recreational side of using. "Deny them welfare until they quit." Would they ever suggest this same cure for cancer patients?
A newspaper printed on the day I was born. What makes it almost frightening is the blatant racism and sexism in the classified ads. Particularly in the employment and real estate sections. (1958)
I have a friend who married that 50-something when he was in his 20's. Now he's 50-something, and holy shit.
I was religious because I was raised in it. I'm the grandson of a christian minister. But it's the lack of proof of a god that caught up to me eventually. It's not just weak proof, it's zero proof. The beauty of nature is not proof. What hundreds of people contributed to the bible thousands of years ago is not proof either. It makes no sense that this all knowing all powerful being would not expose itself. If there is an insecure god that demands our obedience, it could do it in five minutes. Take a seat on the moon some night, and you can bet every human will pay attention to what you have to say.
Reagan's two speeches in Japan for $1M a piece immediately after leaving office was very questionable.
Also vaguebooking - sharing just enough information to make suckers curious. "I'm so sad today......"
$30 will maybe get you a lollipop in an Arizona dispensary.
"God damnit! Shut up John Williams!"
Dr Spaceman / 30Rock
They have a long neck because their head is so far from their body.
Because it's an oxymoron.
He never claimed to invent it either. What he does lay claim to is realizing it's future potential long before the world understood what it even was. Before there was ever a website, he addressed Congress and told them that the internet was going to change commerce and how things are done forever.
Found the upper middle class white guy.
An older person would recognize that the OP's comment was the insensitive one, not mine.
Michael Scarn?
The good parking spaces are actually further from the store, not closer. The additional hundred steps you walk take very little time.
I compare it to water.
Steak-umms. Somehow that was a gourmet meal in college.
I only do it to blow off a little steam.
I like smiling and waving to people who honk at me. Pretending it was a friendly honk, rather than the eff-you they intended.
If someone is tailgating me while I'm keeping pace with the car ahead, the only way they'll get me to speed up is to try passing me on the right. Whatever gap was ahead of me will slowly close on them, and now they're stuck in the slower lane.
But there are already laws in place making offensive vehicles, like tanks with operational guns, illegal to purchase.
Mass shootings. I can't think of a place where "it would never happen here."
When I get in the shower, the first thing I clean is the bottom of my feet. I don't have to scrub the bottom of the tub quite as often.
"I blue myself."
Every page prints a little slower than the page before it.
"Want a beer?" (No thank you.) I was an experienced, sought after rep in my industry - so it was a given they would hire me. It was more me interviewing them, and negotiating pay. We had a good talk, and I watched him down three beers in that time. There were other reasons I didn't accept an offer - but the drinking during the interview bothered me. A fun twist to the story was that years later I would hire that same manager who interviewed me as a sales manager at the company I was with. I'm okay with functioning alcoholics below me, but not above.
"Their Old Stuff"
"Try rebooting it."
"I'm not paying what I owe you."
Now I'm wondering if there is a set of four friends out there with those names, and how much fun it is to introduce themselves in that order.
Small college, there was a construction loader parked outside our dorm one night. One of us gets on it and tries to start it with his desk drawer key, and of course it starts right up. Now 10 of us, male and female, are bombing around campus on this thing. It didn't take long for a car to chase us down in a parking lot with his lights flashing, and we shut it down and scattered. It was the head of maintenance. He saw all of us, and we all saw him. But somehow nothing ever came of it. The next day the tractor was back to work like it never happened. That director apparently never mentioned it to any powers that be.
Checking out girls laying by the pool. Is binoculars crossing a line?
She will never love me again, or want me back.
Football (American) I never enjoyed playing it, even as a kid. I don't like all the contact.
But Radio Shack won't.
Airplane Repo. Dumb because I ignore that it's set up in any way.
AOL
I bought quarter pounds, which only gets you free weed and bad grades.
How many people consider suicide.
The left testicle hangs lower than the right on most men. If the right is lower, he's probably left handed.
How crazy. It's acting. It's like not taking a role in Goodfellas because you don't believe in organized crime.
He even blew the punchline. The traditional answer to this hundred year old joke is "Blowjob." Like Bif with "make like a tree and get out of here."
Rob a guy who just got done robbing a bank.
I liked the finale. The plot was weak, but it was a way to parade a bunch of the side characters by who made the show so funny.
The Others
I recommend watching it again, just like the Sixth Sense. The second time through it's a different movie.
I once had this happen at the movie theater. of all places. We were running a little late, and the couple ahead of us was asking the cashier for suggestions what to see. They knew nothing about any movies on the marquee.
I just saw it the other night in Non-Stop. Opening scenes establish that Liam Neeson is a drunk air marshal. It hardly factored into the plot, other than to make him less trustworthy.
Drive for Uber or similar.
Cheez Its and Cheese Nips. Both camps are happy.
I think that ending even hurt it in syndication. It made me less likely to watch a rerun.
I liked it because it was a parade of side characters that made the show so successful. The story to bring them all together was ridiculous, but it worked.
But it's definitely the Russians putting porn in my search history.
Extras Comedy, drama, behind the scenes, and a different A-lister every episode playing a twisted version of themselves.
We're Facebook friends. She's a retired school teacher. We don't interact beyond an occasional "like" here and there. She never knew that she was my first.
That writer also likes to get away from it all, and go rent a chateau on a lake for the summer to write that book.
Commercial airliners with no pilot up front.
To keep the victim from calming down, encourage short, shallow breaths.
Spreading fake news online.
My hometown has one of those nostalgic Facebook groups, where people post pictures and memories. There are two high schools in town, A and B. I attended B. I posted a picture of High School B, with the comment, "Even students from High School A agree this has always been the better school of the two." The post was removed within a couple hours by the administrator, but not before some people threatened each others lives in the slew of comments below that picture.
"Your little sister is hot."
A hot shower.
"Something weird is happening. I've been watching that clock for the past hour, and it hasn't moved." The battery had died.
Charles Manson
"Do you know why I pulled you over?"
Russians and Americans as roommates on a huge space station.
Hey Jude. Love the Beatles, but enough.
Leaving their shopping cart in the parking spot and driving off.
Freckles.
Golfer Jean van de Velde in the 1999 British Open. Blew a 3-shot lead on the last hole.
What, you mean let the British have Canada when we gained our independence? We had to give up something. We couldn't just glom the entire continent. Plus - have you seen what they got? 90% of it is barely inhabitable. We knew they'd cluster on the border and buy our stuff anyway.
How scary it is to have an active military draft happening during a brutal war. I remember a time when if you couldn't go to college, you were very likely going to Viet Nam, where people you know have already been killed.
Paul McCartney (Icon) Paul Rudd (Fun) Paul the Apostle (I've got some questions)
I once played golf in Scotland with a couple from Spain, and at some point in the round I complimented them on their great English. They thanked me, but sort of laughed it off. To them, it was like complimenting them on how well they tie shoes. They said that in Spain, English and other languages are part of every decent education.
Duct tape, apron, welding helmet, chain saw, shovel.
Cancer. Chemo can be brutal.
Don't accept a bar bet, not matter how tempting. He'll bet you $20 he can lift the pool table above his head? Say no. Let someone else bet him, and you'll see how you almost got tricked.
But I'll never say that clothes are "fun."
I read an interview with a Google executive who said they have a program they've been playing around with. Give them the name of anyone in the country, and they can pretty accurately predict what that person will eat for dinner five days from now.
Income, globally. I'm just a regular Joe in America though.
Police Squad. The opening credits on the pilot ended with Drebin driving into a garbage can. On the second episode, it was two cans. By the sixth and final episode it was six cans. Had it made it to 100 episodes, it would have been 100 cans.
Oops thanks.
Can you imagine a life without hypothetical questions?
"Hey, that's the job I had in my last life." 4-year-old son said that while my wife and I were getting dinner on the table. On the TV was a man shaping hot steel over a fire. We never got him to elaborate on it. He just went back to whatever he was doing.
Finally somebody smart showed up!
The Sixth Sense Knowing the secret does not spoil it. It actually turns it into a different movie, watching it from a different perspective.
Don't ask me to migrate to another continent and mate with you the moment we sit down.
I once made a horrible first impression. My friend and his girlfriend had matched us up, and we were going out on a double date. My friend and I were picking up my girl first, and he was directing me to her house. Driving along a country road, he quickly said "Turn here!" and I took a right into the driveway too fast. It was a gravel drive, so my car spin out, and by the time I stopped I was sideways in the driveway. Of course her father was out front, *raking the driveway* at the time. Apologizing for the mess I made while telling him I was there to pick up his daughter was super awkward. If she was much younger (than around 20) I don't think he would have let her leave with me.
You tell her no. Even Miss Manners says, "Swallow away."
Meet the Fockers. Fuck the Fockers. It was unnecessary.
Those same wounded warriors returned home with the GI Bill in hand, looking for a college education. Like a vulture, he created Trump University. Thousands of victims before it was shut down in disgrace.
Some of my best comedic material was directed at my wife. Top shelf stuff. I miss her.
Bermuda is beautiful. And who doesn't like mopeds?
Go to mum's, kill Phil, grab Liz, go to the Winchester, have a nice cold pint, and wait for all of this to blow over.
I learned in marketing classes that most cigarette advertising is aimed at reducing that feeling of buyer's remorse. It's not really meant to bring in new customers. Cognitive dissonance happens with every purchase we make, but it really skyrockets on vices like cigarettes and booze.
Interesting about the key. Back in college there was a front loader parked in front of our dorm. I jokingly said that I'll bet any of our mailbox keys would probably start it. A friend tried it, and it turned over. A bunch of us were bombing around campus on it before security caught up to us and we scattered.
It's a little room in the front of the plane. But that's not important now.
I'm divorced, but still remain friendly with someone in my ex's family. It's a huge secret because my ex would feel betrayed. They're all supposed to shun me.
Hashtags. Especially when a post is just a long string of them.
"Conversate" instead of "Converse."
"If elected, I will win!" "Will I obliterate the national debt? Sure, why not?" RIP Pat Paulson
Exceed the posted speed limit.
My roommate and I came home hammered at midnight in the middle of the week. Neither of us could find our key to get in, but no problem. Our third roommate is surely in there sleeping. We pounded on the door until he woke up and answered it, and the moment he opened the door I sucker punched him. Just because I knew he'd already be pissed, and a fist to the jaw would only make it funnier. He didn't kill me because I didn't land it very solidly - and the next day I was forgiven. He even saw the humor in it. But it was still a dick move.
I don't see him serving a full term. Whether it's a health problem, a legal of ethical issue, or he just decides it's the worst job ever. He'll miss pussy grabbing - used metaphorically as all those things a rich man can do but a President can't.
Catch Me If You Scan
The Deer Shunter
You're going to get the urge for a cigarette - ignore it. We're way past those by a couple years now. But sometimes the old cues still bring those buggers back to mind. Like finishing a meal, getting in the car, morning coffee, etc.
If the subject's eyes appear red, it's not your fault. That person is what's called an "Anti-Christ."
The Big Mac jingle that starts with "Two all beef patties, special sauce...." I have that memorized backwards, letter for letter. Starting "Nub dees emases..." (It ends with sesame seed bun) For some reason I memorized that and it never left me.
Facebook: Tell us everything about yourself. We sell that stuff!
An eyewitness to the assassination of Abraham Lincoln was interviewed about it when he competed on a TV game show.
Samuel Seymour was the last surviving witness, and he was on the show "I've Got A Secret" in 1956.
Ceiling fan - I like that. I only ever thought to put baby powder in the hair dryer.
I live in Phoenix. Here, the tourists go mountain climbing in 110 degrees without enough water.
That's not where it ends, though. I'm seeing more and more cashiers, who are paid a fair wage, putting a tip jar by the register for handouts. Not just in the food industry. Corner stores, recreational places, you name it. Trying to make me feel guilty for putting the changed I received in my pocket.
I remember seeing a "making of" that scene. IIRC, they used an actual animal organ to recreate those sounds. I think that dedication to detail contributed to the horror of it.
I've left a burning joint in my ash tray at the car wash and the cleaners always finished it.
He's a hothead who acts/speaks before he thinks. We've all seen how quickly he can be baited into a fight. He can't handle the slightest criticism. Soon it's not going to be movie stars he's lashing out it. It will be a foreign leader or an entire nation, over an incident that he hasn't researched. At worst, he'll make a knee jerk threat that will be interpreted as a first strike.
$1500 on golf, including greens fees, balls, etc. More if I replace any equipment.
My first girlfriend age 14 to 16 is still the prettiest female I've ever kissed. Sweet as pie too. The problem? She was dumber than a bag of rocks. You could fool her daily with "Your'e shoe's untied" if you wanted. I'm now divorced from one of the smartest women I've ever known, although not the most beautiful. Now I wonder how life might have played out with a gorgeous ditz. I see that first one on Facebook, and she's still stunning.
I stay away from my car. If I drink at home I will not leave, and if I'm drinking out I have another way home. Aside from the risk of injury to myself or others, a DUI is a legal nightmare I've seen too many others go through.
I don't really consider that betraying a trust. I've told some whoppers on here about other people that I would never utter IRL.
Republican members of Congress tapping the brakes on repealing the Affordable Care Act. Trump has promised that he'll be replacing it with something huge and amazing, but they're had enough rhetoric. They're not proceeding further on just promises.
President Reagan firing every air traffic controller in the country when they went on strike.
A million dollar liability policy for your home. Way cheaper than you'd think. I bought a house with a pool, and my agent suggested I bump the liability up to $1M from the standard $300K. I braced myself for what that would cost. It made my premium about $2 higher per year.
"Working hard, or hardly working?" The oldest workplace joke in history.
Cricket.
The airlines are private, but air traffic control is handled by a federal agency. The strike was illegal.
I worked in back as a mechanic, fixing machines when the pins got jammed. Want to know how to scare the hell out of me? When I have to turn off the machine and get underneath it. take a ball and set it down hard on that lane. It sounds and feels like you rolled one, and I have about 3 seconds before it hits me.
A goldmine of information. It was corporate espionage. Going through a competitor's trash. Over a couple of months we had all the contact information and needs of half of their accounts. We solicited them and did quite well. There was an eventual lawsuit and settlement, but it was overwhelmingly worth it.
"I think I'm in labor." My wife gave me that news while Hurricane Gloria was whipping the hell out of Long Island. Fortunately it was a long labor, because we couldn't leave for the hospital till the storm calmed down. The worst of it was when they returned home, because we didn't have power for the first two weeks of our first child's life.
Obvious - The Queen Surprise - Ringo Starr Shock - Jimmy Fallon
The sense that I could be good friends with him. I've never felt that way with any past president. I think there'd be equal footing in the relationship, because he wouldn't see himself as any more important than me. I think he's knowledgeable in a lot of areas, and have a feeling he has a very edgy sense of humor that the public never sees.
Col Henry Blake got his discharge! He's going home! ....There were no survivors.
Obscure, but I caught it. Forgot Jim Carey was ever on the show.
Now we're barely even friends. She was a lost love, and I left my wife for her. I learned this stat too late. If a couple reunites after a long time apart, and one or both leave a marriage so that they can be together again, there is only a 5% chance of that new relationship staying together permanently.
I love statistics. Odds and probabilities. I didn't enjoy studying it as a science in school, but it's all around us in real life. Polling, gambling odds, pie charts. I'm also a high level backgammon player, which is as much a game of statistical analysis as it is board strategy.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide. You didn't expect me to give up any of my top shelf stuff, did you?
"What's the best gift you ever received?" Anybody I've ever asked enjoys recalling and answering this one. It also tells you something about them. Many times their favorite gift is something of very little value, but meaningful. And if you want to have fun, put a piece of paper in your pocket that says, "My first bicycle." 70% chance this will be their answer, and you can pull it out and look like David Blaine.
What do we want - Time Travel! When do we want it - That's irrelevant!
My immune system. I almost never get that cold or flu that's going around. If I do, it doesn't seem to hit me nearly as hard as others. Maybe a day or two where I feel less than perfect, or the sniffles - then right back to normal. The last time I felt too sick to go into work - 1988.
Gays are a little over-represented in TV and movies. I'm not saying I don't want to see gays in the media. I fully support them in every way. I just think their numbers are statistically off. Every friend group, family, office, etc. seems to have more openly gay people than what I encounter in real life. The myth is they are 10% of the population, Hollywood puts it at 25%, and in reality it's more like 2%. On the other side of this, I'm glad that they are most often portrayed as good, normal people. It's done a lot for worldwide acceptance.
Sorry, not a mechanic and I have no clue. Hopefully someone else will read it and know.
New York bagels.
I'm sorry you didn't understand me. I should have used shorter words. I always assume everyone on here is a grownup.
She had an ugly mother. Don't ignore this peek into the future that nature gives us.
I throw away the coupons that come in the mail.
Did it at a Shoney's in college. Three of us went out, and somehow between us were about $5 short on the bill. I offered to leave my watch as collateral till the next day and they said OK. I even asked them to bump the debt up to $10, so that we could give the waitress a tip at least.
I didn't physically bully anyone, but I did mentally. Always with friends, not strangers. Teasing, practical jokes, that sort of thing. While in therapy for something unrelated, that aspect of my personality came up. I learned that it's because I hate confronting people I'm angry with, but that anger has to go somewhere. Simply, If I'm mad at Pete, it's easier to pick on Paul. And doing it with humor is easy, because others laugh. I come out looking clever, not cruel.
I know I repeat stories. Family will call me out on it, but friends seem to let it slide. It's never intentional, it's just hard to remember who I told what sometimes.
Wooden golf clubs. Only place you see them now is in museums or Goodwill.
A third set of teeth at around age 30. The set we promise to take real good care of.
People who believe we only use 10% of our brain are, in fact, only using 10% of their brain.
I learned that this is how the majority of overdose deaths occur. Phillip Seymour Hoffman died during a relapse.
Are there any signs that someone checking into a hotel might be suicidal? Are they possible to profile?
Lilly pads aren't *completely* flat, but they're close.
I most look forward to sitting back and watching a train wreck. I least look forward to realizing people get hurt in train wrecks.
"I miss you."
Swimming in very deep water. I don't care if I'm right next to the boat, if I'm in the middle of the lake it's creepy.
Melania winning "Jeopardy."
I thought he did well as Kardashian in the OJ miniseries. David Schwimmer was still there, but not necessarily Ross.
My sister-in-law (the wife of my wife's brother) was in our city on business. She was an exec with a major corporation. We invited her to have dinner at our house one night, and arranged for me to pick her up at the resort she was staying at. I was to meet her at the outdoor pool bar, and when I did, she was sitting at a table with a man. She introduced him as her boss, and I sat with them while they finished their drinks and closed the bill. In those couple minutes of small talk, although I can barely describe why, I was absolutely certain that those two had had sex earlier that day. Again, nothing they said or did, and they weren't even sitting next to each other. It was a certain comfort between them that said it all. That night I told my wife my suspicions, and she actually got mad at me because I had nothing to back it up, and it's very unfair. Well, within months we heard from her brother that they were divorcing. And that she was having an affair with her boss. Those two were married shortly after the divorce. I never told my brother-in-law what I suspected earlier because it no longer mattered. But I got to say those two words to my wife. "Called it!"
A season of "24."
Ridiculous toupe, orange suntan, trophy wife.
Ah, the roachasaurus. We get those late in the summer. Usually outside, on a wall near a light. They say their bite is worse than a dog's.
That a meteorite struck in our back yard when I was the only one out there. I was only 6 and didn't even know what one was. I just described to my parents what I saw. A twinkle in the sky that whooshed into the grass in a second, and left that scorch mark. I got a finger wagging for playing with matches and burning the grass.
Gas is sold in 5-gallon cans.
Children of Men Losing our ability to reproduce is a feasible doomsday scenario to me.
My ex-wife was that way. Very anxious about how the house looked if people were coming over, and it became easier to barely have company.
Resignation - and I've been calling that since the primaries. Whether he's forced out, or just realizes it's the toughest, least rewarding job he's ever had.
Elections. Time was, most people kept their vote to themselves, and not a lot of effort was put into changing other's opinions. That was up to the candidates, and we only had so much information at our disposal. The internet, and then social media, has drastically changed that. Everybody has a pulpit, and a million people scream at once. Lies spread faster than truth. Support can be gained or lost in minutes.
She lost her mind.
"I'm home." That person will never see Earth again.
George Washington, and his warning not to fall into a two-party system of government. In a nutshell, the less parties competing for leadership, the more likely somebody unqualified can end up on top.
If I see them in the act, I have approached people and asked if they need someone to return their cart to the corral. In a friendly, yet condescending way, like I'm talking to a frail 90-year-old. "You poor thing. Do you need me to get that for you?" They start mumbling, and I just take it and say you're welcome.
Tom Hanks. If they don't like him, they're not going to like any of us.
That stuff about Obama "opening the gates," and barely vetting refugees? That was a fib. The vetting process is extremely long and intensive. It's probably the most difficult way to cross the border. It was classic fear mongering.
Birth control.
Did you know he was dead the whole time?
When it is just a headache, they call that a "bit of a migraine."
Ending a relationship with a parent or sibling. Sometimes it is the best thing. Telling someone they'll regret it if they don't make amends is not always good advice.
That joy of the new release you wanted being there on the shelf! It almost felt like winning something.
Strong to the finischk.
Reason - our sense of taste is at it's peak when we're young, and diminishes over time. It's not that they taste better, it's that the taste is no longer overpowering. Now you look for stimulation like that.
Iocane powder. Some people take small doses over time and build an immunity, but I never did.
"Sore loser libtards." The protests are not because Clinton lost. They're a direct result of actions he's taken since becoming president. Lying began immediately. Wise people see history repeating itself, and refuse to sit back and allow it.
"Easy there Romeo." That was the response from my 25-year-old son when I sent him a sexy text meant for my girlfriend. I cringed a little extra because his mother and I were only separated, not divorced.
"Don't be a haza." Yiddish, and the closest translation is "Don't to be a pig." Greed is okay to a point, but don't cross that line where you're gone too far. It comes up most often in my business life.
Drunk-hot, but yeah.
"The hole" can be funny to drop in sometimes.
The only things he can do unchecked are the most catastrophic. Congress didn't even know an atom bomb existed when Truman made that decision.
"I told you I was sick."
"I don't think we're in Kansas anymore."
The White House in perpetual crisis and turmoil.
Years ago I recall the governor of a state getting pulled over for speeding, and when the officer realized who he was he let him off with a warning. The governor fired the cop for giving him special treatment, because he was driving well over the limit.
That there is a supreme being who created and is watching over this planet. Because that being has not exposed itself in any way.
I've come to believe there was no beginning. It always was. In the same way it will have no end. It always will be. The past can be infinite just like the future.
The speed of light, according to Einstein.
A friend of mine was having a chemo port installed to fight her throat cancer. The hardware they installed was infected with MRSA. Chemo was delayed about a month because the MRSA became her biggest problem.
POlice.
Liver and onions. I'm not even crazy about watching someone else eat it.
They'll start bashing Obama and Hillary. That seems to be the only Trump defense anymore.
The Big Salad.
I'm impressed with a cleared dining room table. When there's junk piled on it I notice right away, and it makes the whole room look messy.
"Typical libtard."
"At This Moment" Billy Vera and the Beaters. You just don't love me no more.
Not having a relationship with a certain family member. It's easy to say, "You need to just go over, kiss and make up, blah blah..." I shouldn't have to explain why it's not that simple.
Facebook. A lot of people making connections they shouldn't be. Also, comparing your relationship to others on the site.
Moms don't have cooties. Everybody knows that.
Making noise while your golf opponent is in the middle of their swing.
When a bird flies into the window next to your head.
"We need to stop being politically correct." Trump practically campaigned on that line, and just used it again regarding to the London attacks.
You'd think that, but it doesn't work that way. I have never seen a player penalized in any way for doing it, and it has certainly happened. Seve Ballasteros was one of the greatest to play the game, but he was notoriously known for using this tactic to rattle opponents. Most famously making a choking sound while Nick Price was swinging during the British Open.
Zombie roadkill! The only other time I've heard of that happening involved professional golfer Payne Stewart. He found a dead beaver or something, and put it in another player's hotel room as a gag. At the moment the victim noticed it, the animal sprang back to life and went nuts.
She had hard gas, as Chris Griffin calls it.
"A wall will keep them out, and the aliens are going to pay for it!"
50 mg Viagra and 100 mg Viagra are the same price. 50 is an ample dosage, so I get prescriptions for the higher dose and have to cut them in half. It's an odd shaped pill, and not easy to perfectly dissect.
Jim Jeffries. Although at the moment I'm liking Kathy Griffin. She went too far, no doubt. But it's those balls of steel that I applaud.
I'm getting close to downvoting words like hubby, vacay, preggers, doggo, veggies, etc - just to keep that language from taking root here like it has on Facebook.
My Country 'Tis of Thee God Save the Queen
I saw an interesting one. That little cemetery in the middle of Los Angeles where a lot of big stars are buried.
Home computer
First time I saw a cop who looked too young to be a cop.
Whenever I hear the "I paid for the person in line ahead of me" story, I don't believe them. I think a person kind enough to do that would not also be tacky enough to announce it. It's conflicting personalities.
Police Squad - six episodes. Fortunately the Naked Gun franchise resurrected it.
Tom Cruise always plays a cocky __________. Pilot, bartender, crook, lawyer, whatever.
Busier than a one-armed paper hanger.
"Don't work too hard!" says the first person to leave the office.
Friendly Ice Cream is alive, but barely hanging on. They've been in and out of bankruptcy in recent years.
"Spank" is too broad a term. Multiple strikes on a child, leading to any kind of injury is never okay. But a single swat to the butt to get a kid's attention is a useful tool. Before a certain age, children can't be reasoned with. I can't explain to a toddler why they should not lean on a window pane. But if every time they lean on it they get a swat on the behind, they'll stop doing it. They've learned that the behavior has a negative consequence that they can understand.
The one that annoys me before every flight is that couple who want everyone to rearrange their seats so that they can sit together.
I see strict no tipping policies at private country clubs. Full of members who could certainly afford to tip, but it's so tacky. And it leads to competition for who gets the best service. It's easier to overcharge for food and drinks, pay the servers well, and leave tipping out of it.
A Komodo Dragon on the island of Komodo. The're the apex predator there.
Seinfeld
Fanny pack - before, during, and after it was cool.
When are traffic lights going to get smart, rather than just working on timers? Where the traffic is monitored, and the lights change based on the circumstances. Like what a traffic cop does when the light is out.
Those who know how to spell "you're," and when to use it. All the rest of you knuckleheads.
Dr Payne, Dentist. Forget family heritage. He should have changed his name.
"Hey Mr Scott, whatcha gonna do.....Whatcha gonna do make our dreams come true!"
Coca Cola. No. Pepsi is not okay.
His resurrection.
Liberal here who doesn't like seeing most businesses too heavily regulated.
Whatever doesn't come down!
What about women who major in Pre Wed.
A friend of mine attended a company sponsored weekend at a big lodge in the mountains, and families were invited as well. People were arriving throughout the afternoon on Friday. Children were playing on the grounds while parents checked into their rooms. When it came time to gather everyone for the first dinner, a 5-year-old girl was missing who was never found. Police and national guard were called in, and the whole weekend retreat became about that search. In the end, the police surmised that at some point she got separated enough from the others that a large animal took her.
Park further out in the parking lot. Less chance your car will get damaged out there, and you could use the longer walk.
You'll never get to win the World Series of Baseball, even if your country plays it. Other than a couple Canadian teams, we don't invite outsiders to the world championships.
Too strong a handshake. It's meant to be intimidating, and there's no concern that it might hurt. This person is likely to be overbearing and narcissistic.
Moving to the center lane, when there is another car in the far lane. I'm always afraid we're both going to merge at the same time and broadside each other.
I like when the live reporters get hit with "Fuck her in the pussy."
Sleeping in your vehicle. A luxury RV can cost $1 million easily.
I thought you meant what kind of scams might be played up there. Like some guy pimping out Marilyn Monroe to newbies, who later learn they were duped.
He owned the Beatle's catalog up until he pawned them to Sony.
How much money you made last week, in your spare time at home, following your passion, helping others, and all your MLM bullshit.
Don't write it off yet. 40 years ago I would have told you that the song "YMCA" has definitely run it's course.
"I had to fire a hunchback today." That sentence made my wife cry and then even physically ill. I think it hit her at a bad lady time hormonally. I worked in a sales office that had a high turnover, but it just so happened that a person I let go that day did have a hunchback. She felt immense pity for the guy.
The Sixth Sense Not until the second viewing did I catch that the doctor never interacted with anyone other than the boy.
The doctor said, "First the good news. They're naming a disease after you!"
When it was first released, I about gagged. Here comes the millionth disco song. Somehow slightly more annoying than all the others. All these years later, based solely on it's popularity, I would argue that it's one of the best songs written in the last century.
The Wicked Witch of the West. All she wanted was the shoes back that were rightfully hers, stolen from her sister's corpse.
Andy Dick
Most bar fights that end in death go exactly this way. It's not a long drawn out fight, and rarely involves weapons. The first strike causes the victim to hit their head on something. Brain bleed, and the death is often instant.
The word "Mafia" was never used in the Godfather, by order of the Mafia.
Yummers! Nom nom nom.
Nobody wants to be called "Grandma" or "Grandpa" anymore. Everybody is a Gigi, or a Pop Pop, or whatever.
I've got damage from a brain injury years ago, and my short term memory was affected. My closest friends know this and are understanding about it. They're most likely to see it when we're in a conversation, and I forget the topic right in the middle of it. I don't have to hide it. I'll just admit that I've forgotten what we're talking about, and they'll remind me.
Michael!
Buy the biggest sponge you can find. Soak it in vinegar, then squeeze it into the smallest ball possible. Tie that off and let it dry for a couple days. When you untie it, it will maintain the small size. Take the now tiny sponge into your mark's bathroom and flush the toilet. At that last second, when the bowl is emptying of water, drop the sponge down there. It'll get pretty far down the pipe before the moisture causes the sponge to expand to its original size, creating the mother of all backups.
I live in Phoenix, where there are a lot of child drownings. Research shows that the parents of those victims almost always eventually divorce.
I'm a salesman, so I'd have to take Monday off.
So much this. 90% of grandparents are cool about it. If you missed the day they announced it, you might not even know. But that other 10% will barrage you with it almost daily. Do they forget that I am not friends with that child, or even the child's parents? And no, that is not the most beautiful child ever. As Jerry Seinfeld said, "Ever notice that other people's kids are a little weird looking?"
Curiosity. "I have no special talent, I'm only passionately curious." Albert Einstein.
The ELO song "Can't Get It Out Of My Head" was named that because the writer of the melody could not get it out of his head after composing it.
To stand up for yourself.
10 years old - I made a dummy of myself by stuffing a shirt and pants with not only other clothes, but also a bowling ball in the middle of it so it was heavy. I waited for my dad to come in the front door from work, and I threw the dummy down our wooden stairs. It made a racket going down, and smashed into the floor at his feet. I still remember how white and speechless he was, even after quickly realizing it was a trick. If he had an older, weaker heart, I think it would have killed him. Edit spelling
Even there he said he didn't feel necessarily smarter than others. He was just willing to take longer to solve problems.
"In conclusion, your going to be happy you hired me."
I'm the only person I've ever known to get it. Nobody knows what causes it either, so there are no precautions to prevent it. It tends to appear when the patient has something else seriously wrong with them, like cancer or leprosy. Yet researchers can't really find a correlation to why this happens.
Mine did over time, but I learned afterward there was no real guarantee with that. The doctor told me that if had been just a pinch worse, it would have required a lot of injections to the eyes. He was glad that I responded to drops so I wouldn't have to go through that. Me too. I don't like shots anywhere. let alone the eye.
I live in Phoenix, and once had to rescue a friend who was driving barefoot. He got a flat tire, and the road was too hot for him to step out and change it.
Kathy Griffin is awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Flying gliders. The joy of flight, at a fraction of the cost of a powered plane. It's a lot easier to get licensed too.
Reciting the Pledge of Allegiance at school every day. During the cold war there was something comforting about it. But as I got older and really paid attention to what it said, I realized it's a fascist piece of garbage.
Playing piano. I've been playing for over 50 years. I no longer have the patience to improve, so when I play I just rehash what I already know. On top of that, I'm rarely in a situation where I'm playing for others anymore. So I've lost the incentive to even stay in decent shape.
A sneezing fit, where I sneeze more than a few times in rapid succession.
I just had this argument yesterday. A coworker said he's Catholic. I asked him if he felt the Pope was closer to God than he was. He said no. I said then he is not Catholic. I'm atheist, and understand his religious label better than he does.
I got a ride back to my office from a mechanic in his 30-year-old Dodge Caravan he couldn't have been prouder of. He had put 100K miles on it since he pulled it from a junkyard.
He did die, in some ways. He was cast away.
Where's my hug.
If your parents don't like the person you're marrying, listen up. There's something there.
Same goes for fireworks.
"Can I get a milliion likes for this little boy with rabies in his eyes?" Like farming.
Truly wishing the best for each other. No schadenfreude.
Having to give a reason for turning down an invitation. The truth is I might prefer sitting home alone to attending that function. But that reason isn't acceptable, so now I have to make something up.
Unprotected sex.
"Why hasn't somebody given this answer yet?"
The largest animal to ever live on Earth is not extinct. The blue whale.
We had to take a trip to the dump with all those things neither of us wanted anymore. That was a brutal day. Literally throwing away memories.
If you missed a popular new movie, that's it. You missed it. There's a chance it will be on television years later.
I never witness atheists disrespecting religious views unless it's infringed on them. Like requiring their child to say a pledge to god and the flag in the morning before school. Or posting the Ten Commandments on government property. When you tell me what I should believe, I'm going to push back.
Research has shown that men are far more likely to be the first to say it in a heterosexual relationship. Men also tend to fall in love more quickly, often within weeks.
A cousin was governor of a state for a couple terms. But when he was in our different state, it's not like anyone would recognize him. There was really no sense that he was anyone special.
Nobody admits to adopting a dog anymore. They "rescued" it.
Those are rescues! Pointing at them through a chain link cage and saying "I'll take that one," is not. The implication is that they die if they aren't adopted. But guess what - the unsold dogs at the mall suffer the same fate.
I've been a hero before just because I keep a Band Aid in my wallet.
*Anonymous* free speech.
Accusing me of saying something that I didn't. Or repeating what I said with exaggerated inflections that give it a different meaning.
You mean the potato compartment?
Airliners without a pilot on board, or even a cockpit up front.
It's Gary Shandling's Show. It broke the fourth wall, like the whole show did. "This is the theme to Gary's show, the opening theme to Gary's show....This is the music that you hear, while you watch the credits..."
When I wake up and stretch in bed, I don't point my toes. Keep those ankles at a right angle. No more leg cramps.
I read that somebody has developed a good hydrogen powered motorcycle, and the biggest problem in testing was it's silence. They feel it needs to have some artificial sound added for it to be safe in traffic.
The crazy wacky Morning Zoo makes me gag.
Gender reveal parties are stupid. If you want to tell people the sex of your unborn child, fine. But to make it a big event places far more importance on it than actually exists. And there's some counting chickens before they hatch happening too.
Marie Curie. Two Nobel prizes. In two distinctly different sciences, chemistry and physics. The first person to ever achieve that.
I think worldwide it would be Mohammed Chang. The most common first name combined with the most common surname.
Although he committed to another Doubtfire, I don't think it would have been very good. Unnecessary, like Meet the Fockers.
John Lennon I'm certain we missed out on not only a few great songs, but possibly an entirely different direction in music that never happened.
No. The Church of Satan does not even congregate for anything. Why would you? Nobody is watching. Nature is indifferent to every one of us. Satan is not a being, it is a lifestyle. Cults gather, and then don't let anyone leave.
Skeet shooting. Not all that fun, plus it hurts.
And good grades gives you more options as you proceed. The worse your grades are, the fewer choices you have for a college major, which means some careers are closed to you.
"Nobody" understands? Not a single person? Did you mean to use a different word there?
Nah. Less than half of us show up to vote, but nobody misses the Super Bowl.
Rear Window
Walking in and out of a small mom and pop store without buying anything.
People who cover their couches in plastic to protect the upholstery. It looks tacky, and it makes it uncomfortable. And what future date are the preserving it for?
Thesaurus.
Funny Pessimist
Joe Theismann getting his leg broken in a football game. It was the loud "snap" that made it extra disturbing.
I'm against animal cruelty!
The filter goes in a garbage can. What's biodegradable is the loose tobacco that went on the ground.
I don't like hearing them bash their last employer, or also share something about them that should be confidential. They're showing me they have a big mouth, they complain, and can't be trusted.
I knew I could get away with it. Yes the posted limit is 65, but nobody is stopping you for going 70. You just can't get greedy and go 75 or 80.
Things go wrong with enough frequency that it can easily average out to a couple hundred dollars a month in upkeep. If you want to improve things, it's even more. You should budget this in when you're trying to figure out how big a mortgage payment you can handle.
"I don't know. I haven't had them yet." My favorite one liner for servers who ask that exact question when I'm ordering.
Barbra Streisand
A key job on the idiots who take up two parking spaces to protect their dear car.
Karl Wallenda's last tightrope walk between two 10-story buildings on a windy day.
"Nobody can be both intelligent and atheist." I had just told him that some of the greatest minds have been atheist, and he said that's impossible.
I learned why girls watch porn all the way to the end. To see if they get married.
My favorite Carrie Fisher role. Psycho ex armed to the teeth.
Young Frankenstein. Today is Mel Brook's birthday.
What, is she funny or something?
Invisibility. I'm a snoop.
I think I have computers in the landfill that are still protected by Macafee.
"I'm having a panic attack about the test coming up."
I'll bet she spreads the PB first though. Over 90% of us do it in that order.
Seeing a guy go off the high dive or platform at a swimming pool, and landing so flat on his face that the sound silenced everybody, and the lifeguards got out of their chairs. Then he just swam to the side and got out , laughing about it. It should have killed him! I'm that diver. I competed at a high level through college. What I enjoyed doing at a public pool was what we called "suicide dives." Or clown dives. Dives that look like you completely screwed up, and land horribly. Of course there are tricks to it that make it appear far worse than what the diver is actually experiencing. To see why I didn't get hurt, you would have to watch it from underwater when I enter. But for everyone above the water, it's a great illusion. I called one the "ski jump suicide." I would jump off the platform in the Olympic ski jumper position, and hold that all the way to the water. Off 10 meters it looks insane.
St Elsewhere It was all a dream.
