Ever try flipping it? As in the recipe, not an egg. Anejo and white port.
Where the fuck is brann?
Could do dobel white reposado and be tight.
That's more like you're change back. A refund would be all the amount they took.
I think he means it's not printed what the money is used for.
If you pay ten bucks for a beer that's sic bucks and get four back the four is not a refund.
Change with no interest.
I saw this episode ten minutes ago and noticed it as well. Had a chuckle at Rick the dick.
No sandlot gif?
Wet means vermouth.
And wages have stayed the same since then.
Adjusted for inflation?
The link you posted is basically quoting my original statement. "Wages have stayed the same" vs "wages have barely budged for decades"
He hooked himself. Implying he's not too smart.
Better in the sense that it doesn't take oil to make and is completely renewable?
I would argue it does as you scale up for production. Just to pull one of your examples how many years would it take to grow a coconut tree just to use the byproduct of the fruit and not the entire plant?
Hemp can grow in far more places in the world than just the equator like coconuts.
Found the bee killer.
We're in debt to them because they purposefully keep their dollar low and exploit workers.
The difference would be wolves not stray dogs.
Dumplings anyone? Dario argento?
Never here. Politicians in my state do whatever they want once elected and it's pretty damn hard to vote out incumbents.
Reminds me of that japanther video. Edit : panther not japanther https://youtu.be/pnP9CjDxRDM
Xanga
He just defined the word. I'd say that's checkmate dude.
Ha
Zing!
Probably just wait ten years and send in the robots.
Who greenlighted this song haha.
Fisting?
Doubt that dude is making jamon or mortadella.
Andouille
Can somebody overdub a wudos band track over this for me?
Isn't there a study about the more advanced a culture gets the less children they have? Pretty sure I've seen a few Ted talks on it at least.
What no cipollini?
Did I say anything about lyrical content?
Did it work? I'm actually curious.
Divide and conquer
To be fair we took all five miles. No animal in the history of earth has made it this far yet. We will eventually fail no doubt but the next big thing will see all we left behind.
Nooooo waaaaaay
Red green was my shit.
Miller is Milwaukee
Hey that thing that got destroyed that cost billions of dollars and years to build? Some rich dude has another one. Crisis averted.
Kind of like beam and suntory. None of these international companies belong to any one nation anymore regardless of headquarters.
Wait til it comes out their super pacs are buying our presidents elections.
He should've sucked his dick.
I always tilted my chair back and then sat on my toes.
I've kept my weed in the amerna jar after use. Smells great and is the perfect size.
Fun note the luxardos are the remains from after they pit them to make luxardo. The luxardo family has owned the same orchard since the 18th century. Probably the same cherries Harry craddock used.
You win life. You don't work in Tulsa do you?
Reminds me of every gas station in my hometown on 9/11.
Alvin Toffler future shock describes this exact thing.
What's to stop foreign nations forming corporations to buy elections?
Lol
Meh I dunno. I seem to remember Bart Simpson getting an elephant from a radio show on this premise.
I really wanna like hockey but I grew up in Oklahoma with zero chance. Where do I start?
Thanks! I'll give it a go. Not the friend thing, everybody here watches football and baseball but definitely just start with the season.
Whitest video I've ever seen.
Can you even buy a quince anymore?
Hurry up and make weed legal. Source an Oklahoman whose been driving for your beer for a decade.
Playgirl*
Wish I could. Wish I had stairs too though.
Investments imply a return.
Dude just doesn't get it. Let's cut our losses on the one Asian dude that doesn't get math.
Live in your car be home faster!
Live in your car be home faster!
I get that it helps you get to work to make the 30k which may seem like the return on your 3k purchase however roi would be if you sold the 3k car for 4k.
Fat kid still fat.
Pretty much just wants to be from the 1910 to 1940s era dude with a cell phone to post shit on the internet.
Hanging with the boys
This. One word sentences.
Yeah me too. It's the equivalent of I can't even. Can't what? Finish a sentence?
Between the buried and me vocalist.
Oklahoma had the ten commandments at our capital til a drunk driver plowed em down.
I thought a drunk driver plowed these down last year.
Jesus lizard is a sweet band.
It's poptarts all the way down.
Fried beer raviolis!
Tell that to Phil Hartman.
It was in walk like a man.
Tell that to Frasier.
Is there precedent for a scj having dimentia or altzheimers?
Isn't that supposed to be isreal?
Oh yeah my j went out. Thanks homie.
This song.
What is it
Caligula was tight too.
You forgot to pinch your nose bridge every four seconds.
Pics
Worked for the beatles
Yeah, he plays a character in that episode.
Yeah fuck them.
The world went and got itself in such a damned hurry.
So maybe don't call them korea anymore? Why is it's south Korea's responsibility?
I think it's inevitable.
We did spend half a century jailing people for being rumored as communist.
Same with Kevin's dad on wonder years
Every thread. Really?
The dude that started it owned a restaurant called the chili bowl a long time ago. Just a huge racing fan that was like fuck it lets do our own loud as fuck Mario kart without the bananas.
He wasn't wrong in 2002
The ref ftw
What do you do when the restaurant guidebook of New York says have a fun night out with fasting?
I read this in Nathan Explosions voice.
Uh except the name fallout sells itself. Why pander?
Ten rapes sounds like a lot. When is amateur hour again?
Went with a walmart
This was my first thought too.
We also don't have to worry about bears like they did. It actually made sense to have guns back then as nature was not our bitch like today. Without a common enemy we create our own. People killing people over emotions. Adults throwing tantrums with bullets.
No sarcasm or anything but *why* do you carry?
Took me a while to find the guy with any sense. The people want the right to defend themselves from other people who have the right to defend themselves. Everybody is the good guy in their own eyes. Pretty sure I can live my whole life without being worried about being murdered.
I actually did forget. Damn.
Two hundred years ago you didn't need to be in the forest.
Letting women die due to pregnancy complications could be viewed as murder.
Burning witches?
Are you physically detained and/or accosted that often?
"Work"
Oops - USA
"Jobs"
Guam still not too pumped.
cool cool cool
Tens of thousands isn't a lot compared to 300k
The comments on that subreddit gave me a brain tumor
Those two sentences are contradictory.
Something from the sixties wouldn't be local or contemporary. I wouldn't be holding your breath for it to come up in class if those are their guidelines.
After going melee I finally got high enough to build up my int to get the fusion core launcher.
All of those genocides were pre internet.
This was hard to read.
Am I wrong in thinking our sun is 14 in galaxy years then?
Little diddy.
No wonder my sun is always jerking off.
Fuck book fairs anyway. I have over 200 books in my house. If my son wants he can read any of them.
Yeah I remember reading grapes of wrath in like third grade or something. I was always years ahead as far as that went. Definitely helped shape who I would become. Patience being one of my big attributes.
Curie's human body?
Yogi bear and the spruce goose. It's bassically the Hanna barbera aviator.
Wtf is a meme - g.w. bush
Pragmatic and dark. Pretty good.
"Dick Cheney speaking"
I think they are mounted next to the espresso machine in newer fridges.
Maybe even tattoo them with barcodes?
I was only pointing out how ludicrous they were being. Thanks for the reprimand though. Really.
I know it's not a word but I like the sound of rinch.
Hang on. Give him a minute to copy and paste his answer again.
Doot doo doo, oh shit a house!
Could be borolo
I read the comment as why is that vermouth in the fridge
So what is a religion?
Chuck Norris undercover.
Not sure why you're being downvoted. You're right.
What about Roosevelt and the other Kennedy?
What's it called when a woman who is well known as a well qualified badass in her field fucks up and drops the ball, and her peer or boss or subordinate(the relationship doesn't really matter I guess) who is a man says what happened? Oh maybe you should have done this? The woman's skills aren't being brought into question nor is it an issue of her sex.
"If you don't want to be called a nigger stop acting like one"
Then yeah that's weird.
Jeff goldblum
You're husband is a lucky man.
Pretty sure we hit one billion people in the fifties. And here we are 60-70 years later at over 7 billion.
Grammar :(
Stab, slice, chop, dice, filet, julienne
No offense to Billy g but I'd take Terry Kath anyway. RIP.
Yeah they're letting us eat cake alright.
Are they going to put the audiences who paid to watch it to work?
All he's gotta do is text. How you doin?
That's a better title anyway.
Make sure you're using a P3 bit.
What's the name of that lady who drowned her baby?
When the fuck will any of these subscriptions allow shuffle play? Just take note of what I watch and shuffle it so I don't spend 30 minutes searching through dogshit movies and shows.
Burn him at the stake?
That's just vague enough of a solution to work!
What would I do while smoking cigs and taking shits?
Man this is a waspy ass subreddit.
Could be why their poops are white.
TIL 100 mil is 2/3 of 300+ mil
So I guess there'd probably be more bombings if they wanted to mass murder. I'm actually against guns and all types of violence, just following the conversation train.
I'm sure he meant the many hundreds of miles of coast that can't be completely watched.
Murrah building was a higher yield.
Pretty much op's point
I have got to get me one of these!
Tell that to the governor of Oklahoma. Ten commandments on the capital lawn.
Or better friends.
Good?
Serious question. Why doesn't the eu just annex Syria and any other country they are accepting refugees from?
Ah extortion.
I guess the universal truth follows that money talks a bigger game than bloodshed.
Yeah but those were white refugees.
Just seems like if you're taking on the burden of feeding and clothing people from Syria you might as well control Syria and feed them with their own resources.
Solar flare?
I have an epiphone aj-200sce that plays and sounds like a dream. Cutaway and pickup. Also has a built in tuner. I got it brand new for 279.
Know what's tight? Amazon music. It's included with prime along with the TV service so I don't have to pay for spotify or listen to just shuffle and commercials.
You can access the map from the pipboy app iirc.
I'm on my second play through as all melee. I really wish you could dual wield.
Eh I like the ui better and you can add full albums to your amazon cloud and watch through the TV or whatever else. I know you can do that too but with firestick it's on the homescreen vs opening a separate spotify app.
Actually my point was the US would never have opened their borders for middle easterners after ww2 only other white European descendants.
Arms list is person to person so no background checks.
Found the government assisted dude.
Cold brew is a thing though.
Good looks.
Having a place to so homework as a kid probably helped.
I've been playing guitar for about 25 years and I thought Page was a god til I heard Terry Kath.
Or minus the bear.
Yeah honestly I've been playing Bach lately and that shit Is more metal than anything anybody thinks up anymore.
Upvote
So that's why they're trying to sell me mothballs.
Holy mountain.
Strouds Mmmmmmm.
Yeah well Oklahoma is where we rounded up all the natives and started force feeding them bibles and booze.
https://youtu.be/Rv_nBEgwCaw This guy?
I'm listening...
Nah dude. Short coat tall hat.
What's the minimum? I'm a working class guy in my young thirties wanting to start from the bottom and as you say the penny stock game won't help me short term.
This is pretty common. Just cause you don't do it doesn't mean there aren't millions who do.
Go away I'm 'batin!
This is a great subreddit for you.
So why isn't there a neo geo of 2017? Doin lawnmower man shit?
Then why do people launder money?
Won't matter in like a year. I'm sure that's on the chopping block.
Speak for yourself.
I didn't mean literally. I meant somebody that was so ahead of the game compared to current consoles. Like neo geo vs snes : ??? vs xbone/PS4
It's because it sounds like would've. Say it aloud. Would of. Would've.
Yo that's no doubt.
So what's the reason for him winning again in four years?
Yeah my prom was basically the zoot suit riot video.
Cool cool. So how should we stand up to the dnc? Honest question. Do we fight corruption with corruption?
Congress will continue to do fuck all while we complain about a single branch of government.
Give me an example that you guys didn't deserve after bush? Our grandkids will still be paying for his fuckup.
Bingo
Still ready for the example.
Never heard of between the buried and me?
It's about setting the precedent for future protests. Whoever comes to power after trump could be worse and use the precedent to royally Fuck us.
Yeah Bernie won Oklahoma. Fucking Oklahoma. He had my vote.
IQ is a real thing
Shawnee oklahoma
Uncommon words are still words. It's not like they're making them up.
You are absolutely right but I have to ask, what's the point? Meaning why are they fighting policy in the first place? Are they just seriously deadest on doing nothing but appearing busy by trying to distract people? It just seems like wasted energy and tax payer resources.
No time when your busy collecting scalps off those heathen red men.
He doesn't math well.
Why would they do that? It's selling just fine now. Remember when coke changed their recipe? Same concept. Don't fuck with what sells.
TIL reddit thinks education is something you should be ashamed of.
Media is a pretty generic term.
Is your point that everybody is born equally intelligent?
So does all the money Bernie raised mean nothing to the dnc? Considering it was 100% policy driven not personality?
What's a county mayor?
Xanga bro.
Except now there are chores involved.
Space Odyssey
I've seen a man take a piss on a pallet of Dr peppers once. It does happen.
Sounds like he'd ignore it like you ignored it.
Well apparently being in a small town had no ramifications against him being arrogant. I'd imagine most folk would be on your side. Granted your business: your right to pick your battles.
Joke or not I hope his career isn't over. I loved Even Stevens.
Hey guys. This guy is anti-semantic.
This kind of stuff always blows my mind. Who crafted this? What he a smith a jeweler or what? The lines are incredible intricate. Also I wonder what he was like. Was he under a lot of pressure or was he like Nah dude I'm the shit you can wait in line.
I'd rather have candy.
Why's the sky blue? Why are boobs good?
I could go ahead and keep that money to have our country swing a smaller dick. I'd sleep pretty good at night.
This is how this works. At the end of an 8 year term is a national catastrophe that the next administration must "fix". Last time was bailing out the banks for fucking over the economy. This time it's healthcare.
You guys had your chance with Jeb. Jeb vs Sanders is what we needed.
Yeah I am unable to comprehend it. Why would anybody be just one thing?
It's crazy to think how many asteroids the moon has saved us from. Especially since it was one at one point.
He's down there eating pussy of the gal in front of him iirc.
Yeah dude. Patriotism has done so much for us.
Hear hear
Lesbianist here. I think YOU got it.
Never spend right.
Missiles are fine.
This should be the top comment
Can a modern president just ignore a treaty signed in the 1800s?
Read their username
This guy binges.
Biden would have been a shoe in.
Thank you! Going.
Tulsa
He never said they'd be human jobs.
What you are championing is a form of the Venus project. Which could save the human race. But you know. Money. And having stuff.
This is the plot of cutter. Way before black mirror
By showing how fucked up it is. You have to light a forest on fire to burn the underbrush so new trees can grow.
Yeah they switched sides during Johnson because he passed civil rights bills. Most people don't seem to remember that. Republicans today are democrats less than 50 years ago.
Feeeeeeeeeeees
Yeah let's do back to the old days of no migrants workers rights!
You know there's a difference between immigrant and migrant right?
We did that
They're basically icp fans.
Isn't emperor god already?
Til
Yeah that's how most of us US citizens feel too.
So why aren't they banned too?
I'll believe that when I see it.
Except Iran was a huge ally until we fucked them over. Why wouldn't they be pissed?
We wouldn't need one if we could just stop fucking them over for at least one generation.
We'd be fine if people didn't tune out for mid term elections.
Do what I do and use a draw knife.
We have this shop yard behind the warehouse I work at where we keep our trucks that had s couple of huge trees they must cut down and I had the guys cut me some cross cuts of the trunks and now they're just in the back of my truck. I'm hoping to think of a way to mill them soon.
The bandsaw is the kicker for most people
Never forget.
i can barely tell are those rabbits or did you just tack on quarter round to seat the shelfs?
Are you even replying to me?
Were using the word tweet to describe something legitimate. What a world.
Get your own commie!
So far so good
Im buyin
Im just hoping cthulu finally shows up.
Exact opposite of oklahoma.
Im more interested in their liability. What happens if they get in a wreck or are robbed or something? What happens if the employee only has enough gas to get home? What happens if they ride the bus to work?
Coal miner lol
It really is a brave new world out there
TE doesnt have the same ring to it.
Not sure they even said what you were rebutting.
I mean i guess. Just weird to debate something nobody said.
I dont really care enough to argue about it. Pot and hard drugs are two completely different things in my mind and have no relation to one another.
Nobody asking who took this shot? From the angle it looks like theyd be hanging off way further.
Thats pretty genius.
Its like rain on your wedding day.
We should start bribing the generals.
This dude will be in history books in a hundred years as the worst mistake america ever made.
Small price to pay to breathe
Well even if its not specifically climate change the fact is there are 200 countries in the world on board with something. That means most people on earth are all joined together to focus on one problem to try and tackle for the first time in human history id bet. We just said fuck you dudes we dont need you. We are now parriahs of the future progress of our species. We ever need help? Nah let the americans starve. Nah let them drown and burn and not help any of their cities after a disaster. Forever.
Thing about air is it covers the entire planet.
Shit really? Does this happen?
Dont go that way! Never go that way!
This sounds like Kingdom for sale: SOLD
You dont think republicans knee jerk? Lol
How do you figure? Pointing all the blame to one ideology and ignoring the glaring hypocrisy of the other.
Who said i was a liberal?
Honest question did Mitt Romney seem reasonable?
Anybody anti trump is cool in my book.
You got your own airplane layin around? Thats why we allow it.
This is the same argument for isp companies. The barrier for entry is so high the people in the game control the rules. Nobody can just start up an airline that does right by people.
References billionaire after i just say high barrier of entry.
Thats a really weird way to say that. You said as a liberal referencing yourself then proceed to change the noun to me in the same sentence. This implies you were talking about me. English is silly.
Maybe? This is the only way i make tea. Im also assuming hob means boiling water over a gas stove.
Or from another universe. Infinite timelines.
No mention of nixon
Welcome to the club. Have a room temp vodka.
Is it?
Deal
Is that a card game?
Dude in the background
Shake away. I dont.
More apt
How did you actually hang it? French cleeting the two boards together?
Wows ok but hasnt been the same since bc.
This kind of shit happens to me all the time. Glad im not alone. I guess.
Fucking Gilfoyle
This is the real funny thing. They spend so much money and know so much about me but dont know im broke as fuck? Nice try internet.
We could unplug.
Hes a character on silicon valley who always points out the work arounds for nefarious means.
Shouldve left it in the front
As a rigger we use bowlines all the time. But id call this a clove hitch especially the last two loops.
Id argue the best ads are the ones you dont even know you watched
Definitely not. I dont buy anything for myself. Stick to a strict grocery list and pay bills.
How am i the victim? Youre the one who wants to attack people. I learned the english language and words mean what they mean. Sorry you missed elementary school.
Not to beat a dead horse but in my own life ive never met a republican who wanted to debate solutions. Democrats may be wrong as fuck all the time about what they think is right but at least they show up to the table to defend their point of view.
Somebody gave him the ol caress of steel.
Noice!
It wasnt a generalization since its actually happened to me in my life. I didnt paint all republican this way because there are many shades of republicans. There are liberal republicans and conservative democrats. And many more shades within those shades.
Mounta
So many unattended bags
I didn't realize he was on the spectrum.
Of course you would
In a court of law id bet they are mutually exclusive.
You owe me some coke
No its not ok! Just give me root beer then.
Im wondering if they just try the same bullshit next time.
Are there many more?
There was. Weve sinced learned outrage does nothing.
And down the mathers rabbit hole
1 800 CALL ATT
These are the approximations i can get behind
You do when you know the chase is over.
Yeah feels like watching dick van dyke. Even though mtm was bangin.
Then take the land anyway and drill baby drill.
People who say that its un american or un patriotic to express your opinions or beliefs are terrorists.
Ding ding ding
How is this not an act of war?
Nobody has the attention span for that. Brave new world and all.
Holy shit! Honesty!
Didnt watch it
You wont be the only one who has thought this.
Age makes me think of a stump or root puller but shape and practicality makes me think of a pallet splitter.
Try it whatever. What can they do turn you around and say gtfo?
Hmm no shit. It gets old hearing every conversation go left this right that. People are fucky on both sides.
I thought everyones a critic?
The majority is the center. Way bigger than left or right and this group doesnt give a shit at all. People may spout their opinions on the internet and get all fired up but in their minds is accomplishes the same rewards as actually doing something about it. The war on whites is hysterical from a historic stand point. If that were actually true we goddamn well deserve it.
You think all rednecks are dumb? Are all people from new jersey greasy italian gangster shit heads?
This happened in a town i lived in for a while too. They joined two houses next to each other and had one big house. Super nice. Best yard.
As an irishman from the south im conflicted. We were the rednecks of europe after all.
Im trying really hard to rebuttal but i think youre right on the nose. Jazz? Blues? Still no irish whiskey.
Who's in my mouth? Who's in my mouth right now?! Ok lets get brushed up and everybody get brushed up and lets get some brushed up personal teeth up in here!
Cady twice?!
Walk away
Tryin to make a change :/
Utah, arizona, new mexico, california..
A bermese python if you will.
Hell sounds better
Whoa whoa whoa. Ive been making biscuit pizzas for years. Gravy sauce mashed potatoes corn and cheese. What post are you referring you? I gotsta know.
Easy skwissgaar
Your normal is normal.
Decent as in to live as in decent as in profitable? Also people move all over the country for work every day.
Compared to what?
I suppose. But arent nonconformists conforming to nonconformity? I like everything except mainstream shit. I wouldnt consider myself special. About anything. There are too many fuckin people on earth to think im an individual. Also as a matter of ethos isnt calling someone a hipster the definition of defining what is or isnt actually hip? Ergo making one a hipster themselves?
Tale as old as time really.
Check out the emerald tablet if you wanna feel confused as fuck.
My list was of places that have a fuck ton of sun.
It's an idiom. I didn't invent it.
I said that's enough! Now see me after class.
Reminds me of my favorite joke as a child. Bonnie and Clyde are walking down the street after a successful bank robbery and notice a dog on the sidewalk licking his balls. Clyde says to Bonnie "man I wish I could do that" to which Bonnie replies "don't do that! He'll bite you!"
Not sure why America matters. They had that one horse with no name hit but I wouldn't consider them movie buffs. Edit: No joking in a thread about touching donkeys balls guys! This is serious business!
What's up with these bipods?
Found my Facebook feed
Yes I am.
A fictitious place vs real world shitty interactions? I know my choice.
I know that now. 4th grade me didn't even know who they were.
Absolutely. Nothing we're saying here will have any real world impact whatsoever anyway.
Ok I'll concede that. Have an upvote.
What really sold this for me was that a weird old dude told me this story. I was playing in my yard and some dude walking by the fence leaned over and told me and my cousin a couple of jokes and did that cutting your own thumb off and moving it over gag. The accent he used for Bonnie is still hilarious. Think Paula dean and Jed clampet had a daughter. Never saw that dude again.
I just dip them in chocolate snack packs
Bleu
Yeah I was listening to the hardcore history episode about ww1 yesterday and then somebody posted a frank Ferdinand video yesterday on here.
Just watch any episode of super jail.
How would you quantify that? I certainly don't.
He didn't run in 2012 or anything
So the fed with guns and spy shit.
Fuuuuuuuuuck
I predict a lot of people won't want to hear this. Preach.
Yep.
What's in the box
I wanna meet that dad.
Damn it triggs I'm gettin too old for this shit.
Start an llc. Form a one man super pace. Donate twenty dollarydoos.
Who goes inside at mcdonalds?
Yay?
Maybe don't watch Comedy Central for the news.
Not with scoop and lofty fucking everything up all the time.
Honest question.
Where would they go?
It's all about rolly
Yes
Well not really I'm crouched in an elevator shaft, but I'm walkin here!
Lemon spray
Or horny
Capitalism brother.
For ya bumbaclock readin. Mishin abbalabba.
Meritocracy ftw
http://nintendoeverything.com/miyamoto-says-marios-full-name-is-mario-mario/
Angelfire brah
Yeah but how about sunrise land?
These generally have to close before the front door can close. So the front hold the back.
Went from sounding like an expert to a numb nuts pretty quick.
Can I ask honestly what the appeal is without getting downvoted?
Haha. It was just funny how it looked like you basically gave up.
Really? Both my truck and Honda Element have suicide doors and that's how they work.
They sure are on the element. If anything the rear is slightly larger.
Needs an apron and a bench vise and you're in business friend.
Uncatty alley
So molasses?
That was a dick touch
Survive something like 50 times as long as there have been humans at all.
Weird reason to be horrified.
Easy bender
No 8 seconds reference. 2/10 Edit: apparently you dudes don't know about the 90s bullfighting saga. Amateurs. https://youtu.be/I2Sgit4QPlM
We still talkin about woolworths?
All cognac is French. You are correct.
I read that as crank one out or go for a nun. I should clean my screen.
Did they release the bill without me seeing it?
Am American. Want to be Canadian.
I knew all of they except that they showed it. Guess I need to read it.
I wonder if insurance companies can single out the congressmen/women who vote for this and cut off their coverage.
For?
Same
I have a shit load of skills and I love paying taxes and voting!
You're good, bud.
It was pretty popular. If you were born before 1986 you probably knew about it.
I feel like she'd be fun to hang out with.
Embodiment breed and Golgotha are the heaviest songs Ive yet to hear. Puts meshuggah to shame and it's biblical.
The renunciation process is expensive I read.
Good thing I dont really have any then.
Dimensions?
I am a big fan of this
Mine is 13 a month.
Most people who think this stuff would be in a psych ward.
What you don't just say emoji?
Dat username
Crispy
Wizards don't use rugs?
I can't imagine it being more than five
You should watch the tj Miller stand up right after this episode.
This is the plot to rant. Chuck palanuk or however you spell that shit.
Dude. Fuck yes.
Yeah they made a really good point.
I laughed my ass off.
This fuckin city
There are some great family sales at Old Navy
It's called future shock.
I'm not triggered in any way but just so I'm clear retard is the same as nigger? Retard literally means slow. Hell they call breaks retards in Australian cars. Edit:brakes
That's true of literally all emotions.
Negro means black but it's ok to say black.
I'm lost. If negro means black but black is ok and retard means slow and slow is ok, but not negro or retard. I agree with all that but it's weird.
Cooler and the nose always knows best.
Me every day.
Bed bath and be honest, how was it?
Sup. Same.
You always hold your thumb over the cage as you untwist the cork. And it seems pretty obvious but don't aim it at people's face. The proper way to open champagne should be a low hiss not a pop. "A nuns fart" is how I was taught.
Not if you want any left to drink
