Deadeye is a priest ADC with the ability to Revive anyone just like the removed summoner did. Ayy lmao rito
I'm still thinking about who or what Orochimaru did... if he did anything at all... http://imgur.com/IQTVJiR
Alright, new champion has a 3 hit passive that randomly silences, has 100% armor pen, or blinds enemies. Way to go rito
True, but the hair makes no sense. White, sure, but light blue? Orochimaru did mess with Mitsuki's body (because of how he's able to stretch), but I don't think he would be bothered to alter a failed host's or his own genes just to produce that colour. So far, it seems hair color is always a trait from one of the parents since no one from the new generation seems to have any kind of mutations, except possibly for Mitsuki, of course, though IMO very unlikely.
In the 127 seconds it took the snowball to hit, Shen's base regen would have regened the base snowball damage. 100% damage reduction baby.
She's from a movie, can a movie really be considered filler apart from the fact it's mostly never from manga? I mean... Boruto, The Last One...
I like to think that movies are semi-canon; true, but not really relevant. Then again, I was all up for Suigetsu x Orochimaru, but when you look at it, despite Kishi's kind-of meh-ness regarding the future Naruto and Boruto franchise, you have to take in account that every new generation's kid appearance and abilities were considered beforehand, and not really random. That being said, while Mitsuki's hair seems refreshing to the whole series and all, I don't think that's the only reason he was given that appearance. That's why I like to fantasize about questionably canon things to be actually canon. But still, though, Suigetsu x Orochimaru all the way.
https://youtu.be/YgsbF2gW3Eo?t=51s Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian is a lot worse. Like it's literally cringe.
If a rengar is in your vicinity, you hear his ult as well, before the ! appears, especially Headhunter Rengars.
Well, you know, Rengar's range is like 600-800, Nocturne's is like 3.5 - 4.5k I think, and Reksai is global.
Veigar and Heimer are also Kaneki Ken, Shaco and Twitch are Crab guy from One Punch Man, Taric is rumoured to be the gay prisoner hero from One Punch Man.
Heim is voiced by Kaneki Ken's seiyuu, I think lol
I don't think Link ever talks lol
8s silence though
There is w, and lately the japanese have been using most of the syllables, and are slowly abandoning b.
I don't know if you noticed, but Jhin has a huge hunchback, like literally Captain Grievous style, that's why he walks like that.
Well, Fiora is a fighter. Fighters usually have something in their kit to help them win trades.
riot@ritogames.com
Wow, this is actually very plausible
Riot beat you to it. Around a year ago.
The thing is, it's kind of disappointing to have it voiced by a seiyuu with such a small character list, also was hoping for it to be a little bit more ominous and a little less humorous. Honestly, to me it seems like there's way too much accent on "jester" and way too little on "psycho".
Why would you want to nerf Rengar?
I fucking hate Nasus
I think thunderlords is better on both of them
She has very high numbers, a very toxic pseudo-CC, but she is also very sluggish and has no reall CC other than the 2s decaying slow. I've been spamming her as a support recently because people are tilted AF when you get your E off on them, but other than that, I'd say she is balanced. Insanely strong with the right kind of setup, but useless against a disengage comp and/or 3 or more seconds of hard CC. All in all, there are champs who shit on her like Vayne, Poppy, Irelia and Tristana, just because of their abilities to outplay her, stun her for long amounts, and/or get her out of her tentacle area of death, but as long as you never stop walking, no champ should ever get hit by any of her abilities - although you buy Iceborne and that relatively fixes your problem once you get in range.
Split push and roam, pretty much.
These are all fake.
Zed has long hair as far as I know.
I think it'll come sooner. I think Jhin will be on the PBE in a week.
I don't think adding a 2s bind is a QoL change.
Swain shits on Vlad, Fizz shits on Veigar, and I'm pretty sure Trundle is Lee's worst nightmare, being able to block his Q, W and even R kick with his pillar.
xDDD gReat Meme, frend 5/7
Rant how? &gt;So, i've lost 5 games now and i've had one of you in all of those 5 games, you were all feeding on purpose, running into other lanes than you were supposed to be on and calling out our positions to the enemy... All on account of you not getting your desired lane in champion select... Perhaps that. Perhaps you should stop ranting and play the game. Also, it's obvious that you're not plat, I never said you were. Yet anothr gReat meMe frenD
He has no range.
Le epic NaCl
Thunderlords isn't strong, Precision is.
I'm pretty sure Super Galaxy Rumble is already voiced.
Hey bro why are you ranting
It will probably be IP restricted, knowing the Japanese MMO tradition. Also, there is no reason to play on 200 ping.
Well yeah, but I was referring to a guy being on an EU server, wanting to play on Japan lol
Again, I'm not sure about it being/remaining global. Japanese hosts are very sensitive to DDoS and/or foreigners creating trouble. Like servers get restricted just because a recently large number made trouble. Plus the japanese are kinda xenophobic, so even though it's Riot, there's that
I'm pretty sure Zed's teaser included rose petals. Cherry blossoms are usually smaller than that.
:\^) rito ples
meanwhile zoom hacks are illegal... But not if you have a monster rig and a ultra large monitor, nuh-uh.
Samuel L. Jackson with a deeper pitch
When you look back at Kha'Zix, a superjungler in the past, what changed about him? His main source of damage was nerfed, his stealth gave less resistances, and recently, tiamat has been nerfed. His mechanics are exactly the same as they were, only numbers changed. So why not do the same to Rengar? While you can't exactly strip rengar of his W resistances, what you can do is for an example, make his Q AD% scaling scale with trophies, instead of skill levels. What this does is delay his main source of damage, as well as give him some snowball mechanics in a sense he'd need to have 20 trophies to reach his current lvl 5 Q. It isn't much, but you don't want to completely gut a champion. As for his bola strike, give it a larger cooldown. I don't understand why his CC is on a 10s cooldown, only to be 6s at 40% CDR. And finally, as for his stealth, make it so that if he enters 175 range of someone his silhouette or something similar is visible - and by silhouette I mean a faint, ghostly Rengar which can't be targeted. I mean, come on, you'd feel a giant invisible kitty cat pass that close to you, right? That would probably give him more purpose in the sense of isolating a target more like Kha'Zix, I guess. Or, you could maybe welcome another concept of changing his Ultimate. Perhaps if you changed it to "Rengar stealths for 3 seconds and gains the ability to leap to his target. If he enters a bush, he can reset his timer and grant an aditional 3 seconds of Stealth, up to 2 times." And if Rengar has enough stacks, the Stealth time would just change to 4 seconds, originally granting up to 9 seconds of stealth, up to 12 seconds of stealth. While this is mainly a buff time wise, let's think about how hard it would be to pull off a chain ult stack; it would generally appear to be less than 9 or 12 seconds. The key thing to this change would be that Rengar would be hardly able to walk into your base and one-shot your ADC next to your Nexus, but it would not punish him in a sense of him punishing people who are off position in the jungle or between lanes.
Evelynn was pretty strong in the jungle when she received the W nerf, only thing is Runeglaive nerfs fucked her harder, and Nidalee, Elise and Ekko became more viable anyways.
Tits are just a fake ass! http://i.imgur.com/ywZy1kY.png
Completely unrelated to Prison School: no, I would never choose a girl with make up over a girl with no make up. I prefer self-confidence and self-awareness.
:\^)
?
I meant that I am not imitating Kiyoshi in my answer, who would probably answer the same xD
Riot said he wasn't an ADC type of MARKSMAN, and a Rioter kind of reacted when people said it's an assassin marksman.
Nah, knowing GypsyLord, he's going to be broken for a year, then he enter the shit tier, then after 3-4 patches, he'll get a buff totally unrelated to his weaknesses which will make him semi-balanced, but he'll remain a top pick. If CertainlyT is Darth Vader of Rito, Gypsylord is Luke.
Post-rework Ryze had a 42% winrate until pro players learned to play him again to display how broken he is.
Gnar Jarvan was the most broken thing in the LCS for a month or so. Scratch-free laning coupled with bully potential and insane burst for a full tank. Every single one of those champions were broken AF on release, with Gnar being a champion that took a long time to learn, while Jinx and Vi were instantly pick or ban status, Vi longer than Jinx because of her utility, and in general, overloaded reliable kit.
It probably has execution mechanics, maybe it's a lock-on skillshot, kinda like Lucian Q, too.
Jinx was shit tier for a while, before she and Tristana started dominating again. I think this was around 3 months before S4 worlds. She's starting to gain more popularity recently, but Corki/Lucian/Ez/Tristana just destroy her. Ult nerfs hurt her a lot. Vi was shit tier after Ult CD nerfs, still is pretty crap as a jungler now. Gnar became utter crap after Q and Mega form nerfs/bug fixes, starting to rise just a bit, but the meta is currently double AP anyways. Ekko was released BROKEN, then made into a tank jungler, and now he's really meh. He's 2nd tier at best, and is only "good" because of his very recent and overloaded kit.
le epic plat 4 playing in silver 3 mmr normal games with 8 kills xDxD Spaghetti
The tunnel is leaked in a screenshot, though
Midlaner,while not an ADC with reliable CC, seems logical.
We already have Katarina
Consdering both the champions and minions seem to be trapped in it, it indeed seems like it's the same ability
A Rioter also said that by using Jhin's ult, you could bypass a Wind Wall, so at the same time, it makes sense.
Riot already said they regretted making Skarner a juggernaut, though.
Instead of reverting, it would be cool if there were soloq, mutiq and ranked 5s. Soloq is ONLY 1 players, MultiQ is 2-4, Ranked 5s are 5 players.
I'm 90% certain it was a Repertoir, very recently (like last week). They said that they failed to recognise that Skarner wasn't a persisten damage dealer, but more of a tank. They also said that reverting changes in general is not a great way of doing stuff, because it's wasted work. It was also said that they could rework Skarner again, but that there are better champions to work on, i.e - they won't get as much bang for a buck as they would with someone else.
Skarner is neither shit nor broken.
Riot considers that when you make a bad change, it's better to make another one than to revert it. I don't know why you're trying to convice me or anyone else otherwise when my opinion is shared with Riot (common sense), and it's most likely all the others have their unchangeable opinion as well. You should go present your arguments to Riot because this way you're changing absolutely nothing.
They revert changes only on PBE
That was a "hotfix" because pathing is very different from numbers and mechanics and will take a longer time to fix, while being an essential part of the game ALL players go through, much less like a champion, mastery or a summoner. It WILL be back, however. Reverts we're talking about never come back, at least not in the exact same form as they did before (champ might get buffed more or less on the ability, depending on meta/champ state). However, the pathing was intended to be like that, it's just that too many players refused to get used to the new system which was more realistic, so now Riot's going to meet the players half-way.
Usually things in quotes mean that the word isn't by definition the exact term, but a term that is generally used (i.e in this context it was a quick, SOS fix, rather than a lowly tested small fix).
Probably until all the salt either is filtered by his kidneys or absorbed by his digestive system
OK, will do
It is, but IMO 1 shot can be blocked especially by someone like Fiora, Jax, Pantheon, and it's outscaled later by every other AS Crit item. It's good for snowballing, but not for anything else.
Yeah, he gets AD. He cant get AS from anything besides AS per level.
Well Happiness Factor exists only because Jhin profits from Crit and AS more than other champions do. As such, Last Whisper has a Happiness Factor of 0%, since he doesn't have Added Efficiency. I'm fairly sure you wouldn't want to build it in place of other AS/Crit/AD items, only as a last item against an Armor stacking team. I have watched quite a lot of high elo people, too, and they all say that LW items in general are not a good buy unless you're absolutely forced into it.
ER-IE-Runaan, but other than that, yeah. I feel like Runaan is his core AS item just because PD is not that strong currently. If PD gets more buffs or Runaan gets nerfs, PD will be better. For absolute late game, though, you can switch out Runaans for PD, however, I don't think it's worth it for the passive and 5% AS.
Sure, on my way.
I think that it's good if you don't have engage champs, otherwise I don't think it's necessary because of his range on abilities and general lack of mobility.
If you don't rush ER, I think IE Runaan ER/Youmuu would work. You could even rush Youmuu as a first item if you're mid and winning lane hard. Other than that I think ER or IE first is optimal because you can buy Cloak of Agility if you don't have money to finish either and you already have BF Sword; you won't fall behind as much as you would on any other champion.
You don't get BT nor Deaths Dance because you lose out on AD... You are reliant on spells, but you do need Crit and AS for your AD to get huge. IMO Deaths Dance is barely viable on MF as a last item, and BT is maybe viable on Jhin as a last item. The bottom line is you lose much more by not building Crit Chance or AS that it's not worth going for something else, and that goes even as far as to knock Last Whisper items out of the game. I generally think that sustain is not something you're looking for on Jhin, unless it comes with raw power. Maybe the new Warlord's could be good on him, since 25% 1400 is a lot.
This works if you're snowballing. I generally like Runaan more because you're able to do more damage when fighting or clearing. You have 4 shots, so having 8 more in total helps, especially when you have 100% Crit later on. Your build doesn't have 100% crit unless you buy a second AS Crit item as a fifth.
I think you should get both, but I think getting Runaans earlier is better. That's why I generally don't like the idea of RFC or Shiv, because it means scraping one of them. Also, they make up the top 2 AS Crit items stat wise, so it's only natural you'd aim for more power as well.
Honestly, the only reason I would get boots second is because a) Greaves have great cost efficiency either way, and they grant AS equal to RFC b) Lucidity cost 800g and give you 45MS on your measly 325MS As always, builds are flexible and not set in stone, but the numbers speak more than any of my words could, all the efficiencies are there. I'm just worried that Berserkers having only have 1 stat which is completely disregarded on Jhin besides his passive is kind of a letdown stat wise, especially on low amounts of AD.
That's just 1250g you don't have to finish right away, honestly, but yeah, with his mobility it's definitely true. Only thing is, games usually snowball in a way he's either crushed as a free kill, or he just terminates anything that comes in range. Depends on your team, I guess.
Well, you need 2 AS Crit items to reach 100% Crit, everything else is AD and Crit, except 1 item besides boots which doesn't have something that enlarges his AD. I don't think forcing something like a BotRK just to get the 10% AD would be worth given how nerfed it's become this season.
Runaan's doesn't waste his bullets. Instead of 4 shots, he has 4 main ones and 8 secondaries. I haven't tested the 4th shot bonus yet, but I am on my way; though, I am presuming it doesn't apply it on the bolts since every shot deducts his ammo only when the middle on hits - this is however contradicted by the fact that Runaan's bolts apply on-hits, and the bonus damage is an on-hit.
I'm taking Runaan because it's 2nd out of the 4 AS Crit items stat-wise, and because of the bolts. Later on you want to have 100% Crit so you always get the Movement Speed boost and so your Runaan bolts deal around 350 damage each. I would like to avoid RFC and BT because RFC is not top half tier of the AS Crit items and because BT is kind of forced seeing as how you'd need to have some kind of ultimatum to sustain. Based on what I've learned doing this calculation is that you don't want to stray off the Crit/AS items unless you're forced to, so getting things like Death's Dance, BT, Last Whisper items or similar would have to be brought on by a specific situation. IMO Energize items are not that great on him because of the limited AA capabilities.
Youumus grants 40% MS with it's passive, which grants 10% Total AD modifier. You'd need to have 100 AD (so basically, lvl 1 with Youmuus) to have more AD than BT. I think you'd get BT purely for sustain, rather than raw power. And if you wouldn't get Youmuu, Maw seems tempting if you're having trouble with Magic Damage and want Penetration, too. BT would probably be good against poke or skirmish comps, but it's questionable whether the sustain on your slow autos would be enough to keep you alive more than the AD would be enough to kill your enemies.
I agree that his early is AA reliant because of the shit damage his spells do (except for stacked Q or E which takes a lot to activate) and that his late game is more spell focused since he can't get in range as easily (he's glass cannon lol), but I don't agree that you'd get utility AD over Crit AD unless you're forced to. Jhin scales super hard into the late game and I think more than one utility AD item will harm him as he won't have 100% Crit. This is however solved if you sell boots, but that super late game, and it's questionable whether you'll be able to enter that stage of the game a lot. The reason why I don't like Critless AD items is because any Crit AD item is always going to give Jhin more AD than Mercurial, DD or BT.
Not only that, they Crit 100% of the time later on.
Any champion's build has more letters than a tl;dr even without comments on whether it's good or bad.
Runaan's passive minimum highest worth is 1788g, yet it offers more stat-wise. Also, DD is 99,64% gold efficient with Physical Damage-only Spell Vamp and 15% damage taken as bleed. 15% damage take as bleed isn't damage reduction - it's basically damage minus 2 seconds of regen, which ranges from anywhere between 4HP to 30HP (I'm guessing base + health pot). Now what has 15% damage reduction is PD, on one target. DD's passive is nowhere near 1929g, it's base stats aren't even gold efficient, and it's passives are much needed to go above 100% gold efficiency. If we consider that 3/4 of Jhin's abilities are AD, then we could multiply the 412.5g worth of Spell Vamp by 75%, roughly, to gain 309g of SV worth. By granting 4-30HP dmg reduction, is the same as giving 2-15 HP/s, so it's 10 - 75 HP/5, which results in 150 - 1125g at level 18 IF it we're a permanent buff. Since we could say you receive damage around 5% of the time in a game, we'll multiply it by 0.05, getting 8 - 56g at lvl 18, with 30 - 225g at lvl 1. Now it's fairly obvious which is the winner. DD can't compete long term, and Youmuu wins against it any day. If you need sustain, BT is better since your crits do more damage than any of your abilities.
I guess I'll have to test it out and see, it's almost impossible to get Jhin on PBE :\^)
10% AS gives him 2.5% Total AD, 10% Crit gives him 4% Total AD. I think you want to avoid both AS and Crit in your pages. The reason for this is the following - you can't get a lot more than 300-400 AD - this means that at most, from runes you could get either around 7.5% of that from AS, or around 8% from Crit Chance. Those would equal around 23-30 AD. Now, if you get flat 15 AD, your build will automatically give you around 15-17 more, because of the multiplier. In the end, it seems running flat AD gives you more both in the beginning and in the end than AS or Crit Chance. That's why I run the most standard 15 AD, 9 Armor, 12 MR Runepage on him. I don't believe in RNGesus on him, anyways.
IMO Gunblade is just a lamer version of Death's Dance. You're sacrificing too much to get AP which you use on 1 skill. Also, it's fairly expensive. If you need survavability BT&gt;Maw&gt;DD IMO. I wouldn't ever get Shiv because of his lower Crit, therefore, lower efficiency. Ačsp, no point getting over 100% Crit Chance. 100% Crit isn't only because of AA's, it's also because of damage. The 30% Crit you said you could avoid is 12% Total AD, which amounts to roughly 36AD (considering you'd have around 300AD without multipliers lategame), and that's only from the Crit portion of an item, let alone the AS portion. IMO if you want to go AP, I'd go a full AP build, rather than hybrid. Something like Lich Bane, Ludens, Nashors, Rabadon. Too cheesy to go into detail for me, though.
Well, you know, against a 300 Armor Nasus/Malph/Rammus it definitely becomes mandatory xD
It's good for cheesing when ahead, justl ike RFC on Rengar, basically. I think it's not that good against people who are smart. It's powerful as a zone control mean, but then again, what's an RFC auto against a jungler coming to have some fun?
I just checked - Runaan's bolts do not apply the missing damage, only the main one does. All 3 crit, though.
Double IE is a waste of stats IMO, your build isn't 40% CDR and has 90% Crit Chance- it has 746 AD, which is indeed more, but it also lacks Runaan passive (not mandatory for late game tbh), it has a bit less MS, 10% less Crit Chance (not VERY important, but still, kind of a shame because your MS on hit isn't guaranteed), but it has the sustain. Overall, while I don't think your build is optimal, I think it's a good tradeoff for a single target sustain Jhin, even though I'd appreciate a bit more utility over pure damage. All that matters is that the build suits you - it's not really for me since it's a bit more expensive and trades off a few stats just for 50 AD.
You don't run 100% Crit for only damage and AD scaling, it's for the guaranteed MS you get from your passive. Also, I'm not sure what you're saying - it seems to me you're saying a second AS Crit item is better than damage, which is exactly what I was saying. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Yeah. Even if you buy a Zeal item first you get around 50-55 AD for free. With a Zeal item + ER you have around 250 AD. But yeah, this would be an example build against a skrimish/pick comp. I forgot to mention, though, Sterak's Gage would also be viable against something like a Rengar or Zed due to his relatively high HP stats for an ADC as a survivability item
I'm almost certain Riot said there will be no bundles starting 2016, but the skin will come on sale some time during 3 months after his release.
Good stats along with a passive. Runaan is already stat efficient without it's passive, and the passive increases Jhin's AA damage by quite a lot when clearing waves and reduces the mana he'd use for clear so he can use it for a fight.
You don't buy Runaan's for the multi hit on enemies, but rather for minions. I think it just has better mid game stats and passive than PD, which is why I'd buy it second.
If you're running sustain you will either have to a) Skip IE or build it first but skip ER, while building only Zeal from the AS Crit item b) Skip the first AS Crit item and replace it with sustain c) Build it as a final item, after 2 Crit and 2 AS Crit items To have the maximum efficiency with his passive, Jhin in general cannot build Sustain wtihout sacrificing his passive scaling. Even then, his sustain isn't that great due to all AoE skills and slow, limited AAs. However, if you have trouble sustaining early, maybe Grasp of the Undying would help you for starters.
Flat 15 AD is the best at every stage of the game based on my calculations
It's better than PD early-mid game, gives him more waveclear for less mana, later on if you decide to build BT his sustain isn't awful because of the bolts. Runaan is just a very good item you can buy for very little money. Jack of all trades so to say.
I tested him with all 4, RFC is the best early on, but if you want BT later on, you have to switch to Runaans, otherwise you'll have a hard time sustaining. To have an optimal build, you generally want to avoid selling huge items.
Doesn't apply missing health damage, but bolts refresh his movement speed from crit, and crit on 4th shot. They don't deduct additional bullets, seems like the bullet mechanism is seperated from on-hits
I was expecting a spaghetti Q
Probably Imp
You can use Shaco's box to block skillshots, especially Blitzcrank or Thresh hook. Only thing you have to do is cast it max 0.5 seconds after they launch the hook.
Interesting how rioters are forcing Vel'Koz into the update, but ignoring the reason why he isn't played - unreliability and lack of mobility. I'm pretty sure that if they gave him better scaling, he would be played a lot more. He's basically sacrificing his mobility (mid-late game) for his early-earlymid game, but his low scaling already doubles the sacrifice. Low damage with low mobility late game is just too much.
\&gt;Tfw silver tells you your Ahri pick is a noob champ \&gt;Tfw that guy plays Yi
Not really, it would be the same as boosting, pretty much. You could, however, try to obtain a b5 account, however that would be illegal as well.
Inb4 he picks Darius I'm absolutely trash at playing... Or Annie...
Usually when low elo says noob champ, they refer to champions that are strong due to their kit, not the way they're played, and more than often, such champions lack skillshots / complex mechanics. I just foind it funny that someone who played an entirely point and click champion was salty over me blowing him up with a mostly skillshot champion of the same squishiness
Have you heard of this thing called qss
Pretty sure Tabu is Swain now, and that the most of Well's core kit is Nami.
&gt;GP doesn't have anything surprise-worthy If you don't consider getting hit with a barrel by a Trinity, IE, Youmuu, RFC, BT GP a surprise, that is.
No, but it applies on barrels
What is CDR against armorpen and flat ad
Even if it doesn't kill you, there is the Darius ult passive ayylmao
His armor pen is bonus, not flat, only better thing than BT would be Deaths Dance
It's not a bug with Jhin or whatever, Whoever used any type of zoom enhancer knows that the stutter happens once you leave the maximum vision range of the highest resolution monitor on the market. For an example, before the SR update, actually in season 3, if you zoomed out of 1080p range, you'd get the same stutters, but now only if you zoom out of 2160p, you get the stutters... This is most likely optimization made by Riot to give less priority to things you wouldn't usually render, i.e a minimal version of occlusion culling (what is outside the reach of camera isn't rendered, in this case, things are partially rendered, imo it's only about 33-50% of the frames you'd normally render). This is also further proven by the fact that only far-away targets stutter, but not the targets which would normally be in range.
How did it come with Jhin when it existed for several seasons? What's even more incredible, it probably isn't even a bug
Why don't you make it so it gradually zooms out, ex. it starts of normally then zooms out over 1 second to the full duration? This way, it's not an instant change, and you usually fire off your ulti if the enemy is in locked camera range, so it makes sense to gradually increase the range as they run from it.
She clocc me
Playing a year more than you and have around 95 champs. If you played more, you'd have more champions as well.
I really doubt a company like Tencent would sell anything like Riot to Microsoft.
I think Riot is making a big mistake by ignoring the most vocal part of the community (and more than anything, the pros) in a time they finally have some strong competition. I stopped playing Ranked altogether, solo people in my ranks are just too bad and unknowledgeable, while premades can be annoying both to play against and with. I just wish that soloq would become what it once was in at least some way - a test of skill, not a test of luck. I want the clown fiestas and I want trolls back, but getting absolutely shitstomped by enemy performance or by the negativity from your premade team is just too much. Other games have better solutions. Ranked as it is now is just complete shit for solo players.
There has not been a single pro who said that DQ is going to be a better experience for those who want to improve than new solo queue. Like even qt who is known to fuck around said that DQ would only be used for dumb ass shit premading as 3+ people.
3rd most popular topic is hentai, this is how fucked up the community is..
The level of literary is pretty much the same like the level of morally acceptable. Especially when you think there are things like Annie, any female yordle or hell, even Reksai or Anivia Google is too chill.
Dude, smite should be available once your reach Platinum, with Lee unlocking in Diamond.
This game has turned to shit after Lyte's department. He was the only one we could count on.
They do. I have a friend who likes to gross me out with shit that not even Papa Franku would fuck around with.
The issues for high elo and the others are perhaps different, but the root is the same. Surely high elo doesn't have a problem with premades in the sense they are treated badly if they're not a part of them, but just like that, lower elo doesn't usually have a problem of getting shitstomped by premades because, well, most of them are ape shit at that level. Generally, the part where Riot fucked up the most is sacrificing the minority in game (sometimes not even that since 2 people can ruin a game) so the majority could be happy with premading (again, it can also be a minority, depending on how bad they are), but it was proven through history that democracy, as a form of rule or power that takes the quantity instead of quality, is generally bad.
It's not about mechanics, it's about knowing the role of your champion. I'd settle for the worst Lee Sin there is mechanically if he knew how to adapt his playstyle and build according to the game, and I think lots of people besides me are really sick of seeing Hydra rushing 0/5 Lees.
Nah, they did. They listened when the game was too snowbally, and when people were complaining to cancerous jungle stacking items. In fact, I believe that they generally care about the game, but this was not an attack on game balance as much it was an attack on their players' freedom, which is both cool and lame at the same time. In other words, this does not affect people who play a game that Riot wants LoL to be, but rather people who are the fallout of the fact that online gaming never was and never will be fully team based.
But were they really wrong? I mean boosters have an easier time and the mistakes are visible... Everyone who is affected by it in a direct way is either laughing or crying in Riot's face, and it's sad to see Riot just accepting it. And when I think about it, I am really scared to think that this isn't just Riot trying to deny their mistakes, I'm actually scared they genuinely believe that they can force such a change because it's the right thing to do...
&gt; You mean people working as a team to achieve their collective mmr? The restrictions on what elos can queue together still exist so I don't know what you mean by this. I mean what I said. I know a few people who have a much easier time boosting because of this. They specifically said that Riot hit the sweet spot for boosting with exp requirements reductions and dynamic queue. They never have to worry about getting banned. &gt;Like what? The tradeoffs are certainly visible but they are positive for 99% of the community. Yeah, yeah, fishy statistics, definitely not some kind of survey conducted on more than half of leagues players. &gt;The is hyperbole of the type that only Reddit can deliver. 67 million people play LoL and how many have you seen complain, a few thousand? Not to mention that we all know how much of a bandwagon Reddit is, so how many of those people are upvoting because they like to stick it to the man or they like the drama, not because they actually rationally examined the situation and come to a logical conclusion. Only 10% (or less, unsure) play ranked. A lot of people complain, but a lot cannot be bothered. People genuinely don't care UNTIL they get memed on by a premade team. &gt;Uh, it's not like they are sitting back doing nothing, they literally just released a video addressing the situation in depth. Not sure how much more you want them to do. Currently they are LITERALLY doing nothing. They are focusing on the client update. &gt;I haven't yet heard a reasonable argument for why it is a bad thing for them to do. Why? Listen, it's cool and all for a company to have a lot of customers and to be able to sacrifice some in order to bring a change that will bring the standard up. But when you have players willing to improve begging them to introduce soloq like they sort of promised, and then you give 50-50 responses after pretty much promising that soloq would come out weeks after dynamic queue (which would naturally mean that you actually did some progress on the code and whatnot), you kind of enrage the community. Before there were no serious competitors. Sure, DotA was always there and so was SMITE - but there are new games violating the MOBA genre and fusing it together with other genres, creating new and more exciting strategies, with games more lush that LoL every was, and you cannot be as "cocky" as Riot is with these tests of patience. This is how things die. This is similar to how WoW and many other great games died. I'm not saying taht bringing soloq will stop League from dying, but it might extend it's life for a year or two. Let's get real, League is fun, but nothing is eternal. Aside from people growing up and having no time from the game, there is also the repetetiveness which may get to the heads of players. In any case, changes are good, but removal, unless absolutely crucial for the game to survive is something which shouldn't be done. There are obnoxious champions which are never removed (well, except Jax), but are reworked. I believe the same should be with soloq. It shouldn't have been removed. The option to play solo at least partially fairly should still exist. Sure, bring the dynamic queue in, it's ok in what it wants to accomplish, but it just takes too much. Players in dynamic queue each have their own ratings, so why couldn't you have an option to be rated as an individual IN a group of individuals but instead have a chance of beingput in a party neither your will nor your gameplay will matter to a bunch of friends?
Around 10% or less players play ranked. That brings the number down to around 6-7 million. I'd say it's closer to 6 million than 7, though, don't as why. Now, pros are the kind of people you can safely 99% of the time that they're right. I'm not saying they're the only one, I'm only saying that they are the ones that are probably all right. There are things DQ suceeds in, there are things it doesn't. For some reason, Riot acknowledged that you cannot play League with friends and have fun in normals. I do not understand this in the slightest. Yes, it was hard to find 4 other players who'd play at the same time, but is there really a way of improving your teamplay by ignoring the 1, 2 or maybe 3 other teammates so you could improve in communication between 4, 3 or 2 people? And why did you remove 5 man ranked? For a 5 man premade DQ is hardly any practice. If 5 gold players are knowledgeable about the game, they can beat 5 solo platinum players. Yes, Riot claims that they will most likely be paired with other premades of the same size, but this is hardly true for groups with 3 or more members. I constantly see 3 man premades getting paired against either 1 or 2 2 man premades, and 4 man premades being paired against 3 man premades. I've never actually seen a 5man premade vs 5 man premade because I always play solo, but the amount of times when I've seen 5 v 4 was no laughing matter. Even there the system fails. Most of the time equality isn't justice, but if you pair 10 solo players up against each other, there is little disturbance in the actual skill ratings. Some games they may have been lucky, other games not, but every other participant has virtually the same chances. By having pure soloq, you remove the influence of premades, and what is left is only player behaviour and server behaviour in the whole mix. I could talk ages about this albeit not being affected as much as higher elo players, but queue times, although more extreme, are not the only issue Riot has to look into. You know, it doesn't feel like LoL anymore. A champion is never balanced around how well it does in a team or solo, because some champs are better in solo play, while others are better in team play. Hell, there are champions which are not even viable in teams, and then there are champions which are completely unviable in solo play - but Riot doesn't mess with that. Just like above, I think Riot should not touch into the way someone plays the game - because the area for their concern should be the game itself, what happens when you get onto the Rift, not how you get into it. And I'm sure as hell that the summoners which they want to get rid of like the rest of the lore don't get advantages for being friends with one another.
According to their data, people can't play 2 or more games competetively
When Riot fucks up, they like to do it all the way. Currently for people in high elo, Dynamic queue has absolutely no benefits over the old system, but has higher queue times. It's time for a few Rioters to be fired, I guess. Inb4 next path ELO rating return for better matchmaking, actually tilts people more.
Oh look, yet another change the community wont like. Riot may just be on a lucky streak.
For some reason a lot of people in this subreddit think hentai is fine, and now you want to tell me that you don't consider the new Nidalee splashes hot? This game has ratings to fit, you know. Ok, it seems it literally needs to be nsfw to be appreciated. And French Maid Nidalee is one of the hottest splashes without being porn, too.
I never said you do, however, recently I've received a lot of responses to another topic about league trends in which most replies, although my original reply was satire, were something like "Hentai is bad/immoral??? WHAT ???" so I was just connecting the two things. They cannot provide too adult VO's because 1) Riot treats LoL as a game, not a lorefest, 2) it would possibly up their age ratings, so upping the chances they get sued because of letting someone underage play - this could be voided by updating ToS, but that's additional effort. What point would face models do? It's highly unlikely you will ever zoom in and change camera angle to see the face in game. For faces there are splash arts which do their job.
Tfw you buy 3 shards and every single one of them is a 1350IP champ feels bad man
As a Vel'Koz support main, I highly disagree.
I feel like Riot should start punishing people by autofilling them to support in a shorter amount of queue time. I mean, toxic supports are really low in numbers besides Braum mains
In general bigger planets move faster - they are made out of more stuff in the firsr place, but you must acknowledge the law of constant angular momentum. As such, bigger planets will usually rotate faster than smaller ones because as the condense, all that momentum is also condensed into a smaller state. If you, however, shrunk those planets down, they'd rotate even faster, however you'd need force to condense matter after a certain point, and an amount that would go up exponentially. tl;dr Bigger planets usually rotate faster As to why Balari is fast, the answer is simple - game time is different and most likely sped up from the real world. Sean said so to - the world has its own time. This, however, does not mean there xant or wont be a planet which could have day night cycles as long as earths.
Well if you play since S1, and you play with people like that, you're either bronze/silver or play normals, so tbh, your fault.
Then don't play normal draft, there is blind pick too.
Well, there is the mute buttom and you don't seem to be willing to use it, so... There's that. Also, chat is used for pretty much tilt only, and judging by the people you play with, you don't use it for timers or such so might as well mute everyone lol
Play damage Janna and take kills, you'll get S' any time.
Veigar, Riven and Zed.
Swain hard counters Vladimir, probably shits on volibear too. Swain is the weakest early game, outscales late game. The easiest way of dealing with him is just perma camp with Lee or Xin or similar, in any case something that can gap close and deal a lot of dmg, just dont let him reach lvl 6 before your laner is lvl 8 and just shove the wave and he's ezpz
Because I have been playing this game for too long in elos ranging from bronze 5 to diamond in ranked and masters in normals that i would not know the mentality of the elo you're in. And I don't even play from Season 1, nor do I play seriously.
A price of a skin is not determined by how good it looks, but by how hard the creators worked on it. Time = money.
You're just like a virgin thinking of getting some ass in early August.
I'm pretty sure that both will be in a game. After all, recent gameplay showed Yavil which was quite big, more luscious than its planet, and asteroids can get pretty big, but of course, they have to be smaller than moons, otherwise there's really no point...
building anything permament that could be used as a shelter is not game friendly for this type of game.
Illaoi with the Jax leap every 2 s.
You'd probably go to -2 147 483 646 IP
There is expected growth. The growth wasn't as big as expected because in S4 people started leaving, so the real rate was not as high as expected. In S5 it was even worse. Now, the growth is actually negative to last season. Therefore, the game started dying after S3
People who are interested in maths realise that the growth is exponential, divided by the amount of players already playing the game. That means that the growth rate is expected to grow at every moment. This wasn't the case at S4. League stopped growing as fast as it did through S3. Recently, the number of players decreased (Riot's data for April 2016 afaik) As for DotA, it's dying it's well, but since it's growth was somewhat more balanced and less explosive, it's dying slower as well. In fact, every MOBA is dying. Companies that try reinventing the formula have little to no success - look at Strife and Dawngate.
Vel'Koz shits on her if he takes ignite - always does more damage providing he hits skills. Hitting an E at lvl3 is a dead zyra. Brand shits on her if he has 1 or two kills over her, just has to hit stun and she dies. Morgana can probably handle her but never pull ahead. Zyra is the best mage support there is, and the only way you can ever beat her as a support is by doing lethal damage to her before she can do it to you. Tank supports are too weak to handle mages because they are all super strong early and all ADCs are also bad... If you kill her, there is no doubt the enemy ADC will kill you, and then your support which has no damage. You could also camp her, but shit, that's up to the junglers, not you who lane. Well, play Brand and stay free
That's a very bad strat, they just get outpoked by simple Zyra qs, it's easy to punish them since they have long cooldowns and mpen that each mage support has makes them do a lot of damage. I played as brand against a thresh recently and after they got killed like 3 times in a row he cursed me for playing mages, saying how unfair it was that I could 100-0 him or his ADC with a skill rotation. Meta is mage supports. Tank supports cannot be thought of being good. The only place they might work is competetive.
&gt;Terrible advice on the Velkoz bit. Velkoz does not shit on her at all. You are like a weaker version of Zyra with worse poke on botlane. She can block your Q with her plants if youre unlucky and her poke is way easier to land than yours. sure you can burst her down, but by the time you get close enough to land your E she will land her spells as well and make you go bye bye. What? Vel'Koz has higher damage and flexibility when it comes to skills. His W is faster than her E and doesn't stop his movement, his Q has more range than her passive, let alone any skill, his E has more range than her Q. If anything he is superior. The only thing Zyra beats him in is her ult which is fire and forget, while Vel'Koz needs good setup for it. A good Vel'koz will abuse Zyra's misposition and insta kill her with EWQ ignite combo. If you think I'm biased on this, check champion.gg. Even in plat+ where people can actually dodge Vel'Koz' Q, he does more damage than her. You do not get close to get an E off, you literally use it against her, Zyra's only long range skill is her E, which if she uses, she is dead. Her Q is shorter range than your E meaning that if you predict that she's going to use a Q, you're going to hit it unless you're a boosted animal. Zyra simply doesn't have the amount of health to deal with Vel'Koz' true damage and insane burst as well as superior range. Nami can't deal with any of the mages unless she gets an early lead due to laning with something like Draven. Nami is too slow for them. However, Nami deals with the tank meta and junglers very easily. Shits on Nidalees and Ekkos. When Zyra's, Brand's and Vel'Koz' damage gets nerfed, she along with Sona and Janna might have a shot. Until then, I'll be using my 19 AP, 12 Mpen and 4 M/5 rune pages to stomp every botlane with pretty much any of the 3 aforementioned mage supports.
True, but that's because of his ADC, not him alone. Vel'Koz and Brand kill whether their ADC is with them or not.
isn't this guy worse than Chaox nowadays?
that Q visibility spells cancer
he's like d3 or 4 i think I dont even know who the fuck salce is
all in all Riot said they don't like tank ekko, so no jungle or top ekko and everyone is happy.
Investing into a damage item means spending money on it. Damage items cost more than defense items. As far as I've played against Ekko, he does not do a lot of damage, except to ADC's, but they can always but MR AD items. His problem is more tied to utility rather than damage.
If his scalings were high enough, he'd be played AP more. However, most of the players don't even build an AP item (good ones in any case). Ekko's strength was never reliable damage, it's the mobility and utility. Things as these don't work on a midlaner particularly well, unless a composition is made to compensate for the lack of the champions damage. However, no matter how good Ekko may seem due to more pros than cons, he's not good because there is counterplay, and that's why Ekko is not that good when compared to Fizz. What Ekko needs is not additional AP, it's the removal of that MS buff and a higher CD on ult. I don't understand why instead of an MS buff they don't make him reduce ability cooldowns to fit the time mage theme. On the other hand, if they truly wanted Ekko to be an assassin, they shouldn't have made his ult such an easy second chance. Ekko just has too much going on for what Riot wants him to do, and I'd rather have him Elised for a while if he can reach her new viability and relative balance after changes.
If only En Masse could make TERA great again :\^(
I know, the game is not bad per se, just eventless. Honestly a game that would have WoW's lore (and playerbase) with TERA's mechanics would be the king of MMOs for a long, long time :(
I got a guy banned for playing Taliyah mid and going 2/10 or something. Granted he flamed everyone when we told him Taliyah is just a shit champ
The next obvious line of changes is that all Diamond players are now Master, ti seems. Queue times fixed!
*cough* Mordekaiser *cough*
I'm hyped for the moment Riot actually tries to give the community what they want instead of bringing us that VALUABLE charts that represent how we REALLY feel about ranked state.
Exactly, running the AP quints might have gotten you 2 kills or 3 assists and then gotten your team ahead.
2 years ago no one would say a champion like Cait could require any mechanics at all.
&gt;Also this exact combo/cancel has been in Caits kit forever, just minus the headshot proc mechanic on the e and w. Which is most of the combo.
Except for the attack commands, which again, are the most part.
Have you played Caitlyn before her rework? Or Ashe before hers? All I'm saying is that a few years ago, no one would think of these champions having more depth.
Boy I didn't realise they were going to make one of the manliest LoL characters gay...
A man without his cigar still has balls over someone who vapes lol
There are still Bandle City vs Void, Zaun and Bilgewater vs Piltover, Freljord, Kumungu, Shurima, Shadow Isles, Ionia... All of them have lots of stories It clearly contradicts your statement: there is far too much for it all to fit in one movie.
Yorick mastery 5 *ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh*
Expecting that Championship Gangplank this year It's raining trophies!
Because it's lame if no one actually has the skin
Rioter stated that 2 years ago.
Last year was Kalista, not Shyvana. When Shyvana got the championship skin, she was dominating the top lane that year HARD. Same as Kalista last year. She was just the best ADC period. That's the same with Gangplank. He was the best top laner PERIOD in the Malzahar era, and now he's pretty much the best midlaner period. Sure, there is Azir and LB, but they'll never be as consistent as GP. Also Ekko was never good as a midlaner, and neither was Trundle. Azir only recently became viable and good, while Viktor isn't consistent enough to get a champion skin. Every time a champion got the skin it was the no-contest champion which stomped the season the most - Riven as the most broken champion in LoL after release Darius and preremoval Jax, Thresh as the best support in the game ever, Shyvana as the most well rounded fighter in the game without it being S1 and S2, and Kalista as the best ADC in a time ADCs were complete crap.
Yeah I wouldn't call pick/ban rates and win rates factual. Nor the series fo nerfs for every single one of them (Shyvana got hit by item nerfs rather than direct champ nerfs).
Volibear is the thunderlord, Janna is windspeaker.
Too bad that case is not in the game, nor is it canon.
My point still stands, Wright is not canonically a prosecutor (he sues Apollo for some evidence). It's not something you can switch just like that because other you need experience alongside schooling (you do learn every "position", but there are classes that you choose later on that "specialize" in a certain area. It's a dispute, and not really a case.
A shaco who doesn't take Smite Ignite and max Q first doesn't play Shaco.
Truly a master duelist
E scales with level, Q stealth doesn't. I'd rather have 3s stealth duration 50 base damage on Q, which I can then at least backstab, and 5 + 5% of missing health on E than have 65 + 5% on E and 1.5s stealth with 20 damage at lvl 5. Can't gank, can't counterjungle, you're basically like a Warwick with 1.5s stealth and blink, except your sustain in the jungle sucks. Especially if you can't even connect your Q, then it's basically 1.3(120) + 5 + 5% Missing HP vs 65 + 5% Missing health, which is 169 damage if the enemy is full HP for Q max, and 68 damage for E max. Best case scenario you're dealing 191 damage base, which is more, but only if you connect the Q, which is next to impossible with 1.5s stealth.
For movement, just create key frames (frames which you are goign to reach animating the in between), such as right leg on the floor, left leg at it's maximum in the back etc., then connect them with sprites in between. Before you do that, however, you should split the sprites into layers so they're easier to work with. Then you can rotate legs and arms as you wish, it's easier to maintain what's in front and in the back, and you can also add effects in seperate layers, if you wish. Furthermore, as the character needs to face right, anyone who wants to recreate it from the side is either going to have the concept art (no idea how his hair looks from the side, if he has an emblem on the back etc.) or be under your guidance as he/she's recreating it, so you should probably get people something like that.
It looks way better now, as I said previously, you could experiment with either bringing the tree colour closer to the shaded tree color (so, a bit darker, probably going for a olive-y color), or you could lighten up the shade closer to the tree color (which you probably don't want to do since you specified you don't like the tree color). In any case, the darker the scene, the lower the contrast. Light is generally what creates contrast, so there should be more of it near light sources. All colours, without light, are black to the eye, so the darker your scene is, the closer all these colours are going to be to each other since they all go towards the same color.
It doesn't give massive range.
Tier 2 runes are almost free. That's how.
tfw Vayne is not even tier 3 anymore
The difference between toplane having ranged championd and botlane having mages as carries is that botlane is a lane where jungle pressure and individual effort matters more than in bot, not to mention that range is what is implied in botlane, meanwhile it wins or loses top lane. Ranged champions on top are cancerous because they force others to pick ranged or bend over, while mages bot don't force the bot lane to adjust, but mostly mid lane and the jungler.
Mordekaiser was broken because he was broken, not because he was a mage, tank or a bruiser. Ziggs is not broken, he is just vastly better than any ADC is since he's basically an AoE Ezreal with CC that scales. Release Diana was nowhere as strong as post rework Quinn or any instance of Ryze etc. because the problem was not in the role, but her numbers, again. You seem to have a misconception about what makes a champion broken and what makes a champion good. Galio beating Brand doesn't mean Brand id bad or that Galio is good, just like Ziggs, Cassio and Yasuo beating most ADCs doesn't mean that either one of them are good or bad, it just means that the meta developed in a way where aggression and clear is not punished by off-tanks or duelists which can keep those mages/assassin fighters busy, but rather scaling mages and tanks which can keep a DPS role like an ADC busy, but cannot deal with disengage and constant DPS together. The reason why Vayne is good except IE Shiv is that she's the only ADC left with reliable pseudo-disengage. Things Riot could do to make AD's return would be buffing Lucian, Draven and Corki which can prevent mages from scaling by pushing the lane and bullying them out of it. All of them have semi-decent or decent clear, and if given the tools to evade tanks and bruisers more efficiently, mages wouldn't have a place. I guess giving them slow cleansing on their movement abilities would be enough, maybe even too much on Draven.
From my experience, provided bots picked actually viable comps, the could probably reach Silver 1 given enough time, especially since they get exponentially better the more they snowball and due to the way they always back when low and dodge better when low, and games in broze and silver were all about who can evolve from a clown to a serious player the fastest.
Just play Arena lol
Smosh didn't fuck up at one point, they gradually got worn out... NB3 is more like Fine Bros, he was a respectable streamer, not the best but definitely a top one, and it took one wrong and incredibly childish move to completely switch the style and transform the channel. Smosh changed when a lot of people grew up, NB3 changed when he went from education to entertainment. Now he's just a pretty sad and League law-abiding Tyler. Frustrated, but not really able to do a thing.
The only "proof" which could be found is some random ass twitter account that claims to bust view botters. Seeing as how qt claims he talked to Twitch about this and seems to be ready about pursuing further action (maybe court for defamation?), I really doubt NB3 has anything legit on him.
He plays a lot in low elo against no-name players. Frankly, NB3 at this point is looking somewhat similar to Tobias Fate, however, Tobias, despite having a rather small champion pool he can play at his best, still doesn't "bully" players below his league for League views, + he's like FotM.
That's when he actually played for real. Nowadays, he just plays for entertainment and Youtube views. Also, older seasons, less competition, different meta, different snowballing etc. etc.
Holy, this is some nice art!
A few suggestions - - make the rocket trail particles lengthy, instead of circular - make the robot smoke spread in a slightly wider angle - explosion should be closer to the minimalistic style (if you're using that) and should last more. The explosion itself can last as long as it lasts currently, but the whole effect should last longer to be more noticeable. - you can add, I won't say noise, but details to do grass, like dots or something like that. Furthermore, if you really want to emphasize on it, you could make it slightly denser OR slightly more varied. Also, ceiling and "cliffs" can't really grow grass, you might want to make "cliff" textures separately, instead of using a green outline. The adjustments that could make your game "feel" better would be increasing the friction and making your robot sink a bit deeper than the hitboxes for ground would allow (do it with an animation, not code). I realize that your character is hovering, but it looks more like you're on ice, rather than on grass.
The sheer fact that you find it hard to consider this pixel art is the reason. This looks like a downscaled cut out image because it doesn't feature proper anti-aliasing, the edges make it seem like the artist is either clumsy or lazy, like there is no love put into it and like it's an estimate, rather than the real deal. Also, given the background, the shading is completely unreal.
A player that plays only for entertainment should not be feeling insulted when called D5 and should not make a drama where he makes false accusations probably to gain attention rather than to prove himself "right". That's the point I'm making, and why someone like him, while there are better and less washed-up alternatives, won't be reddit material, at least not with that attitude. No matter how right you are, if you want more viewers and positive attention, you shouldn't attack crowd favourites, especially like QT who is either just a greater person, or played an insanely better hand than NB3 in this whole drama.
Since you made the game feel minimalistic by not shading and lighting everything to make it closer to being realistic, perhaps the approach with explosions should be the same - use less color shades, and the shades you use should be used in a way it's clear what they represent, but never over the top or distracting. Remember that explosions aren't just heat and smoke, and that the thing I mentioned (grass movement from the blast) would probably be a big factor in the whole "explosion feel". If you, however, want another approach, an explosion will look more minimalistic the smaller it is, and since you can't really make it any smaller, you could, instead of an animated sprite, use some kind of fragmentation, so in other words, instead of making a cloud of fire, you could just make the rocket fragment and spread, while applying ember to make it seem like it blew up. This would basically be instantiating objects after deleting the rocket. By making the fragments fly in a parable shape, you can make it feel really nice, without the need for fancy animations. Also, by ember, I mean these kind of particles, but a lot more pixel-arty, like your style.: http://d1hw6n3yxknhky.cloudfront.net/023980645_prevstill.jpeg
The juggernaut class isn't limited to low or no cc, they're limited to low range and inconsistent CC. Darius, with a pull and slow and a decaying slow is no where near no or low CC. Same could be said about Skarner. The reason why Juggernauts are different from tanks is because their mobility us walking and speed ups, rather than directional dashes. Poppy's problem isn't her E, but her W which not only makes her get in range of anyone, but also prevents them from escaping with a dash. I think Riot's taking a good approach of lowering the duration, however, they should take a step further and remove the part where it knocks back, to balance it with Colossus (stopping someone without rooting them is fine)
I think I understand what Eren senior meant when he said "it will happen over and over". It could be that the whole timeline is stuck in an endless loop with the titan slaughters - it started at one point when the people slaughtered the People of Ymir, but the coordinate titan keeps its memories. Now, it could be set up in a way that only Erens are meant to inherit the power, be it by random selection (titan RNG always gives the coordinate to a child named Eren) or the plot just happens to end up in an Eren receiving the powers through eating someone. In any case, the whole Eren MC thign could be rigged from the start, meaning that every time an Eren fails, the whole thing needs to restart. Now, the Eren presumably always fails on the continent, hence the continent never advances way more than the walls, hence the Marleyan people always come to the walls over and over, bringing the coordinate power to it or coming for it over and over. Since coordinate titans seem to retain their memories, it could be that Eren Kruger had the memories of some other Eren, Mikasa and Armin needing help, because they failed. Now, just like Titan RNG, it could be that the Ackermans call the main branch daughter (or something like that lol) Mikasa, and given that most Ackermans in the series are just physically OP characters, they always have a role in every loop. Now, Armin is an odd one, but perhaps he is somehow related to Erwin, and now the longest shot I'll make - Levi and Erwin were the inbetweeners of the holy trinity of families, just like Grisha was for Eren, after Eren Kruger failed. They were all pretty legendary on their own, but they were not the "chosen ones", if you get my drift. That would mean that every 26 years there is a restart, which kind of makes sense, assuming both Levi and Erwin are approx 13 years older than Eren and Armin, give or take. Perhaps there are no inbetweeners and Grisha just failed to finish his business in 13 years, hence Erwin and Levi never got to take part in the holy trinity that saves Ymir's people. So all in all, until someone manages to beat the Marleyan government and establish a truce and equality, no discrimination, in other words, it seems the world is kept in an infinite loop. However, it might also be the case that the coordinates see the future, meaning that perhaps, Eren could see that in 2000 years, they will finally break out of the loop, so he told the story to warn the coordinate of that time of how things are going to turn out.
IP gains are at their all time high considering there were not as many bonuses back in the day, and considering meta makes games long.
New players don't need a champion pool, they need to learn the game. A champion pool that's bigger than 4 or 5 champions is insanely bad for any player that strives to be above lvl20/bronze level.
Because Velkoz is an immobile champion in this kind of a diving meta, it is better not to take W first and max it first. Xou don't want to push, because pushing = roaming or backing, both very poor choices since Velkoz is stronger in the early game, and there are much better roaming champions. Your goal in this meta is to keep the enemy laner there or make him back, but never push to his tower and then let him restructure the wave and roam. You should max Q, then W as a midlaner or E as a support when behind. The reason for this is it's much easier to last hit precisely while refunding mana (W doesn't refund on kill, Q does), lets you stay in lane a lot longer, which makes you independent of the Last Chapter. Finally, by having more damage on your Q, which is easier to hit than both procs of your W, you can make better and more consistent trades, and if a jungler comes to camp you, like he should, your Q hitting will be a much greater punishment than it usually would. Also, W seems to have a fucked up hitbox, I think Q's is either equal or larger.
The world is only awful if you're a normal guy, which is basically the case in the real world too. Life is boring and meaningless if you aren't a genius, better die quick than live in hope of being significant with no talent and all. Pretty sure people lile Syndra, Bard, Draven, Darius, Swain, ehh pretty much every champ don't give a single fuck.
Scientifically proven you would, though. It's a massive cut wound along with a shattered skull. You would feel pain until his axe cut into your brain stem and you just disconnected.
He isn't that hot. He's not above 200-ish °C, which is proved by the color amd intensity of his fire.
Seems like you didn't have MEME3 clearance, unfortunate.
Depends where. The temperature of the Sun on Earth is almost nothing.
The reason Velkoz cannot roam as much (at least above lile Plat 4 when junglers actually learn to path) is that if you meet the enemy jungler, top laner or mid laner in the river, you are dead without excuse. Once enemies close the gap and your E isn't even max range, you're fucked without exhaust. The reason Velkoz is a good bully and zoner is because only a little amount of gap closing abilities have more than 900-ish range. Camille is the exception, but she shits on everything without invuln or untargetability. Velkoz cannot duel, that's why it's better to use him as a denier rather than a snowballer, since he will be useful feast or famine as long as the enemy mid is as fed as he is or less.
Maybe on his surface. If he shone infrared, he'd head his regular flames up to an invisible level as well.
The only correct answer was on the surface of his skin, although such heat cannot dissipate in that way on Earth.
I know they are awful, but throughout my climb, I've noticed that jungler game knowledge and ability spike after Plat 5, it might be because everyone plays just Lee, however, the difference is huge, and now even more with the shitty meta we're in.
I'm not sure about that. The gravity of the sun is big enough to literally pull everyone from Earth with a 27G acceleration. Most people would die in a second or less from the acceleration, were the sun to warp. Although, radiation is also a factor, so it really depends what would cause your death first.
Because the pain is sharp, it travels the fastest. Considering Darius's Axe super heavy, and even more so, dull, it realistically cannot travel at more than 1 m/s (if there is actually a person who can jump with it and swing it downwards reversing them motion, at all). Considering the nerves conduct signals 30m/s, Darius has around 1/30 seconds to dig into your skull, which is 3 cm. 3 cm is very far from the brain stem, and hence, you would feel the pain. This is considering the signal is 1 m from the center for pain, which is far from the case, but it just goes to show that in realistic conditions, you would feel more than just pain. You'd probably die from extracranial pressure, rather than having your brain sliced in two.
It has nothing to do with LoL as in a game. It is statistically impossible that no criminal plays LoL, and that's still no reason to ban them.
So wait, if I kill a guy who plays League of Legends, possibly who I've first met in League of Legends, I should be banned in League of Legends for it? I don't understand. They way I see it, if there was a nation of people that all play League of Legends and I had the reason, the opportunity and the goods to commit genocide, I still see no reason why Riot should ban me from League of Legends. It's like you're trying to say Riot should have a say outside of their game and system.
She's probably going to fill the mother archetype that's non-existent in lore. I suspect CC-cleansing while out of combat with an aura.
Stuns are balanced around being stuns, silences are not, especially as a global ability.
The same reason you don't give a champion an ability that gives him 300 AD on click for 2 seconds on a 5 second cooldown. Power doesn't scale linearly.
Yeah the thing is Kalista would need to be able to survive long enough to use the life steal and spell vamp, so no, until tanks are taken care off, that build probably won't be viable.
The base damage is significantly higher, it scales less with AD, but people are not going to build him as an assassin, especially with his CC and damage reduction. The fact that he can now be sticky without plain movement speed and that he can actually use his ult defensively is what will make him a good sustain machine either way, however, remember what Ekko build was more popular despite the ult heal.
It would be cool if it were 2032 days since Yorick got a new skin, that way on 1.1.2017. it would have been 2017 days. Fucking Riot, man
Something that could partially fix her is to make E on monsters make it so Wolf and Lamb attacks deal AoE around the target, that way they get to choose between using their E for clear or duels and ganks.
Ashe Hawkshot is an ability that can be cast anywhere, without any danger or counterplay for that matter, on a lower cooldown than the blue plant. It's not even like Ashe is in a bad spot, either. Would be more logical to add on champions who are limited by range and AoE and actually need help, like Lucian W or Ezreal W.
Cooldown is 16 seconds probably until lvl 13, without it Kindred is basically like a Vayne with no E. It also costs a fair amount of mana.
Do you use Vi Q for clear? Or perhaps Xin E to finish camps off? Or maybe Khazix E? Similar if not lower cooldowns. 70 Mana and losing dueling potential is huge in the new jungle. AoE doesn't mean a lot, either. It's easy to think what-if, however, simulate the scenario with any other champion and you'll see it is a decision, not a triviality.
My friend, if you use Kha'Zix E or Xin E in the new jungle, I'm afraid I have bad news for you...
Oh great, now NB3 is going to make a video about you...
Saying Jayce would become the best top laner after CotC nerfs is basically ignoring the fact that champs like Poppy and Kennen exist
Had you played her on the PBE, you'd notice almost nothing changed. Yes, the shield is smaller and the duration is kinda lower, but it doesn't change the fact she still does quite a bit of damage, and the fact that you don't really do a lot of damage to her.
I'm talking about soloQ, Kennen's power in team play is more than it will ever be in soloq. Poppy is far from knocked out by CotC nerfs, just play her on the PBE, you'll see that nothing really changed besides early game which was never the problem in the first place. She still gets to proc it as often, only this time, since there are a lot of people around, she gets to have an even bigger shield if there are more than 3 enemy champs around her.
RemindMe! 2 Weeks "Laugh when Poppy's still broken"
I'm no Eve main, but lately I've seen a lot of success with tank Eve even as a carry in gold (I'm a high plat player, but new season ehhhhhh). I thought it would be shit because tanks cannot really carry without damage, and it's gold, Eve is good only for assassination, can't teamfight, because those are replaced with clown fiestas. Basically, I tried my Shaco build on her, and was amazed at how she just doesn't fall behind with damage or clear despite going tank. The way I build her - Start with refillable and talisman, get your Red and if you know enemy midlaner has no movement abilities lvl 1 cheese it. Since you have red, E and Q, as well as ignite, with a bit of coordination you will pull it off in low elo, and this will, most of the time tilt the enemy midlaner off the face of the earth. Anyways, if you're not confident, just go wolves, blue and try to get top. I usually stay and farm until 1200 gold, then I buy tiamat and continue to look for picks. The great thing about tiamat is that Q, auto, E, tiamat auto Q clears raptors in around a second or so, so you have an advantage against most jungler since you can clear it. Same goes for Krugs. Second item is Bami's Cinder. The strategy is to have fast AoE clear and persistent AoE damage so you can spend more time sitting on your enemies faces. Basically, from there on I buy boots and blue enchant, and the core is done. I focus getting Titanic Hydra as the first finished item, however that is impossible if you're not insanely fed, so I usually finish Sunfire first. In the meantime, you want to finish either MR, Armor or CDR boots. I prefer MR. I stay sustained basically on fruits, just get fed of the enemy ADC. Your farming is no sweat since you're basically tanky AD Eve, you have decent damage with tiamat resets. The idea, however, is not to win early or mid game, but to get tanky enough you can 1v1 the enemy mid and adc without your initial burst (which with Titanic active is around 1k with Q auto E Titanic Auto), BUT you also have teamfighting power due to your ultimate. Later I like to get Runic Echoes, and while this might seem weird the reasons are difficult counter-itemization, movement speed, active which increases burst. Although I don't usually get any further than that, the build would probably go something like Randuins and Visage. If I'm feeling especially confident, I'd probably see myself buying Zzrot or Protobelt, however I can't say because I've never found myself doing it, neither on my main, nor on my smurfs. But yeah, Tanky Eve seems to be the best build currently, even when I remember all the other Eve builds in the past. However, I think Echoes &gt; Warrior, mostly because of the MS and burst. I don't like AP eve that much but that's probably due to my playstyle.
Because of resistances, point 1 is not completely valid, especially in this meta. The only way this happens for sure is if you rush the irem first, which doesn't seem lile a really good idea. Critical strikes triggerring it make it limited to auto attacks, which is both inconsistent (read: bad), and limited to crit champion. By allowing it to be bought as a singular item on champs like Lucian, Corki, Ezreal, MF, etc., you allow it to be more viable, and all of those struggle, anyways. Yes, the passive is effective, however, Jhin has something similar on his crit autos and it isn't that strong because of auto delays. Might be a good idea to make it damage against champions only, though.
Aww yes, IP weekend before finals, kill me
Y no stormptrooper reference :\^(
Illaoi isn't popular and Jhin is easier to work with.
The only reason Jhin is viable atm is because he has higher range than other ADCs. He still sucks after lethality changes compared to his old dirk build.
This guy isn't even serious, no MS runes nor MS mastery...
I believe the best build would go something like this: Elise, take E first and go into spider form, first item boots of speed, masteries 3% out of combat, deal 5% bonus damage, take 2.5 bonus damage, tenacity and slow resist, with 10% time spent dead and 1.5% MS quints, 2.25 gold per 10, 7.5% CDR glyphs, 1.8% CDR marks, which all amount to -10% Time Spent dead, 8.8% CDR, 391MS, rappel which closes a gap of 750, take 2.5% additional damage, 15% tenacity and slow resist at lvl1 Then you'd probably rush Mobis, Raptor's cloak, and spam Zeals. For summoners you obviously take Ghost and Flash. Is that optimization good enough?
When inting, you barely get to lvl 4 or so, so no, Zilean will not be better because his E doesn't provide nearly enough MS/second to keep up with higher base ms and items. You will never come to the point where you have lvl 5 E, I don't think you'll even reach lvl 3 E, actually.
What are your thoughts on the possibility of an amphibian Zaunite champion? I was thinking about something akin to that korean movie "The host", and was thinking of a champion which can perhaps pollute the river or bushes. We have the ratto and the gelato man, however, none of them have an effect on the map, and the Hitler trooper (Singed) doesn't really contaminate the map, nor is TK a real body more than he is a demon. Would that kind of creature be able to survive in Zaun given that it has to live in a watery area, and most of Zaun's liquid seem to be just toxic fumes and such? Could something like that perhaps be something Singed created unwillingly (similar how the monster in "The host" was created)? Perhaps Rek'Sai can get herself a man, finally? Also, if you ever see this, what is the colour of Viktor's eyes?
My mother would be a Thresh main since she's basically like a jail warden
That's TSM Wukong for you
I think you missed the point...
It could be that the Darkins are like sns or flaws, as time goes by they disappear since the society shifts to a more just and peaceful model, so it could be that Varus's Darkin is something like rage, while Aatrox' is something like bloodlust.
He already has bigger AA range the bigger he is because range is edge to edge calculations.
Piltover and Zaun can only war as guerillas, both Noxus and Demacia have war trained soldier with higher stamina, strength, better strategists and way more battle experiments. Zaun and Piltover are basically just scientists, criminals, mutants and police force, neither of which have the capacity for battle like demacians or noxians have.
Better to think of Noxus as Rome, Demacia as Carthage, Piltover as cold war America and Zaun as cold war USSR. Chem barons are literally like dictators, Piltover is all about "only our culture is good, we'll bring you freedom, also Zaun sucks", Noxus has those nasty colloseum Draven games, wants to war war war, has able leaders and individuals, while Demacia literally fails to beat Noxus in individual excellence and seemed to get fucked quite a bit in the lore that described the old Noxus-Demacia relations.
Lucian's guns are higher tech than anything in Zaun or Piltover since they don't seem to belong to Hextech, yet propel energy without expending it, not even from a crystal, tbh.
You have a smaller gap closer, no CC while Irelia has around 2% higher base stats, but can't one shot them unless you're a whole item and around 2-3 levels above them, has less escapes than Talon, considering he can hop over walls and stealth AFTER using his movement ability. Irelia's tankiness, is, like I mentioned, around 2% higher than Talon considering his base stats are pretty high. If you're bothered by it, you can build Talon like you'd build a fighter, he'll have similar if not greater stats than your average fighter, and Talon's scaling is shit besides his passive. Irelia's better full AD because she has hard CC to take advantage of her AD, meanwhile Talon gets blown up, however he has higher burst and mobility. We could get to the point where Kalista is a worse champion than Mordekaiser just because Mordekaiser can blow a target up in 2 spell and 3 autos, while Kalista can hardly blow up anyone considering she needs quite an amount of autoattacks, but then you're just ignoring her mobility.
That's what Riot aimed to do with the rework. If nothing but mechanical skill (sometimes even impossible) is the only thing that can counter an assassin, then that is wrong. Once itemization and masteries are fixed, and tanks no longer are the master race in LoL, and when an era of ADC's actually doing their role comes, you'll see that champions who can quickly assassinate them will be better. As long as Zed is kept viable, however, I feel like Talon has nothing to do in the game. does basically the same things more consistently and efficiently, without mana barriers. However, I do think Talon could be better if Riot made some changes like giving him the ability to Q during his wall hop, essentially making his range higher as an illusion, or either making the W delay 0.5 seconds, higher range, or cripple with the first instance for 0.75s, then slow.
Currently 9-2, shit on a Shaman turn 6, hopefully I can get to 10 :) So far I've been lucky enough to go first 5 games, Alleycat in all of them in opening hand.
Tanks that don't heal. Maokai is meta, Lee is meta...
Honestly playing support is better than AD. I can do more damage than my AD, have to deal with less danger, and be completely independent of farming in lane
That's what I said. My first sentence fills his last.
http://imgur.com/a/KX72H And the obligatory "Report Brand ks"
I've sold it, you can check in the builds tab.
Do you fail to see the difference? Or do I have to draw to you how 120% and 280% bonus AD is not enough to one shot anyone that's not behind approximately 1 item and 3 levels?
honestly I'd rather int and face the consequences than play him lol
0.01x0.01 = 0.0001, or 0.01% chance.
Ahri is not a human, though, so even if she cared about Ezreal romantically, it'd be a grave sickness. It's like saying Zyra'd want to bang someone - I'm sure she has quite a bit of problems dealing with the whole "oh look I have a nervous system now" deal and all.
It's less
9 is like the best single digit number, the first odd number not to be a prime.
1 crit rune takes away 0.95 AD. Given that you have more than 96ish AD, it will ALWAYS be better for autoattacks, statistically, however, I'd say it's always better except maybe for Jhin because burst &gt;&gt; dps.
It's more likely China starts something considering they're probably the strongest force in the world now that America elected Trump and their allies are not content with it.
Doesnt matter what you have if your numbers are too low.
She's top tier because tank itemization and masteries are superior when compared to damage itemization and masteries. Also, her "numbers" on her global ultimate, the cooldown and numbers on her tunnels and synergy of her W both with CotC and, well, the passive portion with the importance of vision are not something that can limit her in power. Numbers are important, but when something is either global or has a low cooldown but high impact and reliability, it usually acts as high numbers. For Camille, which is a dive tank (if you build her tanky), a tank build without even more offensive tank itemization is not an option with low bases. RekSai was constantly nerfed in the scaling area, which is why her tank playstyle is more popular since all she has are base stats and utility. But she's up for a rework anyways, they noticed that lowering bonus scaling doesn't make a champion buy damage, probably.
Igniting a minion EDIT:just read the actual post Second worst thing was Shen I guess
Mordekaiser
It was the Dyrone gold age
Idk man, all I remember is the Jayce and Renekton stomps, the BM and all the tasty stuff Like S4 was just cancerous Soraka mid and Renekton/Shyvana/Mundo holy trinity....
I strongly believe that completely erasing all of his code building blocks can help OTHER entities be bug-free. When a programmwr makes something that looks like it does its job but tests say it doesn't despite its complexity, you usually start over.
My point is that people are trying to make it seem like Ahri and Zyra are biologically able to understand things they really aren't. Zyra, without magic, shouldn't be able to walk, feel, see etc, etc., however, because of magic, she can, but this does not mean the plant part which grew without the areas of the brain it now has is magically transformed as well. The same applies to Ahri - saying that a soul devouring fox with a human proxy is actually able to feel attraction or love biologically and understand it is kind of a overestimation. Think of it like having a full PC, but no cables to connect the hard drives - yes, you do have what is necessary for an OS to run, however, you do not have the interface to make use of it, and magic cannot really make you understand it in any other way other than the magical way.
Yeah idk about light, Sona's auto attacks are basically like knife slashes
Gnar is the only one except Sion that would be good as an AD support.
Brand and Zyra can get you the farthest IMO. I'm sure Vel'Koz can too, however after his mini-rework I find difficulty performing as well as I did before it.
I've been climbing very easily from your elo by spamming Brand and Bard, what counters Brand the most IMO is Janna, as long as you shield your ADC or yourself his harass has almost no meaning. A plat support will be flawless in rotations and position in lane as opposed to a gold support. A lot of the games are free wins because I know that the instant bot is pushed and ADC takes a step back, it is time to fuck mid, or when I notice the jungler started opposing buff, after 3:00 I'm never crossing half of the lane unless it's to last hit a champion. From utility supports I feel like Janna and Bard are the only viable, Sona and Nami are super trash, Morgana is meh imo, the best are Zyra, Brand and Malz. If you can adapt and play damage, cool, else don't expect to climb without ~Plat4-3 skill with utility supports. I play every Mage support with 12 Mpen, Around 5 mana/5 and I believe 15 AP runes, but that's just because my playstyle is very aggressive.
He takes time to start doing things, at what point all lanes could already be lost. IMO it's better to play something that can make an impact early then keep having an impact, instead of something that can basically only keep things at status quo without a lot of possibilities of snowballing madly. I mean, there are supports that take a lot less to play and potentially offer more. He's more of a niche, really, fits in a super defensive meta.
Malzahar has guaranteed damage and CC. Vel'Koz support atm is weak compared to Malzahar, IMO.
Wasn't it in her lore that the instrument basically kills people with sound waves because it slices them? It doesn't need to be loud to be potent to kill you :\^) In fact, he smaller, the deadlier. SONA'S ETWAHL WILL FUCKING MURDER YOU JUST LIKE IT WANTED TO MURDER THE CRAB
Riot has explained multiple times that they tried out more ping options and that the results were bad for more than 4 options. Nowadays people ping it with the default blue ping and it's enough for anyone who has more than a short term memory (so, anyone deserving of climbing).
It's his meta. 53.40% isn't alarming.
No one in the past could have foreseen people would be getting fucked for their lack of self-confidence this much lol
I wonder if it's ultimately going to be worth it, as more people play ranked than competetive. Bread and games, huh...
You cannot beat Faker without camping, he is just so well rounded that because he overall lacks mistakes, he will slowly but surely come on top against anyone... That's why he is so good, he is good enough to win on his own, and if he is not allowed to do so, he allows his team to shine because he minimizes his losses, whether it be CS, trades or deaths. Even with jungle pressure, many midlaners are unable to beat him. No westerner will ever come near to being as trained as him, too. Those that come close will have to survive tilt/burning out after they initially lose to him. If Perkz doesn't burn out and improves, he has the chance of inheriting his crown during his last days/after he retires, but it depends on western teams as well, since without a team, even a very good player can't be that successful.
Give this small indie conpany a break!
Looks like scrims are as far as he'll get now, if at all
I mean, camping is what you call that early game shenanigan, like it or not. It's not twisting it, it is what it is. The game they lost the whole SKT just didn't manage to take that advantage as well as they are usually able to, and that's why they lost. It's not like a random challenger team couldn't beat SKT if they didn't/couldn't capitalize on the lack of pressure somewhere, it's League and the team who takes advantages the best usually wins. SKT is the type of team that usually takes away your dog, house and wife if you make slight mistakes, but in that game, G2 could still win more than they could lose. However, I was talking about Faker even outside competetive: if you ever look at his soloq games, you can see that camping him seems to be the most effective treatment, unless you're an ape that literally comes to feed him kills.
Game 2 was also camping - unless you don't consider 3 visits to the mid lane before 10 camping. I mean, it was literally half Trick's lane visits, but if you say it's not camping, it's not camping.
Isn't it still the same, but without significant viewers?
iDubbbz is more fatal for revenue than the ad changes :\^)
That wasn't longer than a patch or two, and it wasn't that significant because Pantheon's playstyle didn't shift. Udyr shifted to a complete farm machine once Trick2G popularized the build and lasted until the cancer was removed. It was at the time when junglers could stay in the jungle forever, and thank god it was removed.
Zed FUCKIN DIES
Except you don't have to spend money in hearthstone to access all parts of the game except a few hero purchases which are honestly not even worth it.
League took me 3.
There is this thing you get by playing called gold
Yeah I needed 1/2 the time to be able to play ranked and achieved way better results in around 1/4 of the time that it took me in League. Hearthstone is a grind, but not a lot of people are willing to put time into it.
Yeah if you invest double the time.
I complete 100 gold every day just by spamming facerolly decks in casual. Takes you 2.5-3 hours but I can do it parallel to other duties. I mostly watch things while playing, once you get muscle memory (like with Pirate Warrior), you hardly have to pay attention. Also, infinite Arena helps. People complaining it's impossible to play Hearthstone for free are just trash, and it's sad you have to say something like that in a game where mechanics don't even play a role.
They never said they would only play conventional meta roles
But you do need runes, and the most viable champions are the most expensive one as a majority.
This seems awfully broken. Reason? Oh just the fact Priest has Cleric, Talonpriest, and you know, cards with low attack stats and super high Health. You probably want this to be 3 mana. It already breaks the game because a lot of newer 4 Attack minions were designed to keep Priests' Power Words in mind.
Good, twice the pride, double the fall
Yasuo, Aatrox, Skarner, Urgot, Ori, the classic
Tbh only Dyrone seemed to play seriously
Or more precisely, a roaming CC bot with a farming jungler and Draven mid Just in position to run it down when things go south :\^)
Which is, again, imprecise.
It's not even summer yet
And this, friends, is why rates are inferior to probability distribution!
SSDs boosts the overall performance of a system as regardless of whether or not your have everything you need loaded into RAM, your system still needs to access memory from time to time, be it for the OS, or the game.
Minor is relative. For loading a game it would be a few times faster. For gameplay it depends on a lot of factors, like the fragmentation of files needed to be accessed, hazards on system etc. The presumption was that having an SSD wouldn't do much, and that is wrong. There are things that are not immediately loaded, which would give anyone regardless of hardware overhead which causes spikes (usually more than 50% current framerate). Even a quantum of time changes things, let alone a superior computer component.
I would be really surprised if they didn't make a hercules beetle tank, like some shit that can take an ally and then fly over terrain like Ao Shin then drop em like Fat Man
I have a feeling we're gonna get a Void Frog because ordinary frogs are lame. In fact just rework Malzahar to be a frog and his voidlings to be tadpoles, the kit can be the same, especially with his ultimate being a tongue instead of some lame ass energy leash
Do you know of any earlier frog warrior concept in games? I can't find any older than 1995.
Even if you disregard the fact that in Battletoads they're like naked, without armor, toads are not frogs.
Don't forget LB
Waveclear mage*
Don't forget the mechanic that is going to be removed in another patch because it was either unfitting of a champion or because Daniel was wrong about it being better than something other
Try playing him in lane. The ult nerf isn't that noticeable. The fact that a Draven Axe does more than your Q is sad, considering you need to hit it... He just feels like a peashooter, like really unsatisfying and unrewarding compared to some other ADCs.
Considering she has tits, she is a mammal.
She loses them
The Vastaya seem to all be mammals for now
If it was 40+40, she'd be the best tank in existence.
Yeah at this point Soul Reaver is on the verge of being a 750RP skin quality wise. The only reason it'ss not is because of the voice.
Yes. Around the start of August, I guess.
I run a full pen runepage, so no
Yeah
Dyrus is a better jungler than any of the off role players in the role they currently play.
People don't seem to be able to think about what Trundle can do when compared to Kennen, Jayce and Fiora.
Luckily the meta is Xayah, Draven with Karma support usually so that's not really going to happen
All he talks about is fuckin darkness and asks if you're afraid. Like he's this gay ass ghost that has to boost his ego by asking if someone's afraid.
Not even fun looking at them getting smashed every single game
He's not a real scary ghost. He's lamer than Casper
ok sjw lol
Report amount per game do not make a difference, as a Rioter previously shared, and as you said. Asking for reports, however, is bannable.
Introducing macros. You could literally write a small program that spams movement skills, targets enemy fountain and spams right click on it in minutes. If you wanted advanced features you'd have to use an advanced program that reads RGB and buy boots etc. when needed. Only an hour at most is necessary to set optimal inting up for eternity.
Seems to work when the word includes rf, rt, ry, rx and rv. Ryze is just a coincidence.
As I was saying, a simple mindless program that is coded by yourself wouldn't get you banned faster than inting would, as Riot's inting detection is bad enough. You'd have to be very desperate or stupid to try and rely on a 3rd party program to gain an advantage in League, time and time again people are proven that the developers cannot be trusted. If you do not possess enough knowledge to code some tool yourself, then play League for real, as it'll be a faster way to gain an advantage you seek anyways.
Also Hextech Annie is an objectively better skin than Soulstealer Vayne. As if you'd ever play Vayne
Inb4 they swap Lb and Azir Passive and call it a day
They are organic and alive. A weapon by definition is not alive.
Yasuo holds a grudge. Riven repents. Pretty sure that's the difference between good and evil.
Demacia is not objectively good.
Your friend circle doesn't represent the world distribution. People massively stopped playing Ranked after it was screwed over after S3 and specifically S5.
There are 20 and more champions which are absolutely broken disregarding the team comp, so no, it wouldn't work. Maybe if they made the CDR something like 4s CD on all basic abilities and 1s on one basic ability you choose it'd fix the situation somewhat, leaving pet champions strong, which could then be fixed with an ammo system. It wouldn't suck for Eve and Hec as much as they get free mana so it evens out. In fact, I stil think they would be strong, but not strong like now. So for an example, all basic abilities are on 4s CDs, and the last basic ability you level up to lvl 1 is 1s. Ultimates have 80% CD, but do not get reduced CDs through leveling and cannot be lower than 4s CD. All pet and trap summons have an ammo system and store 3 traps at once (refill 8 seconds), and finally, all abilities that happen over time or are CC start their CDs AFTER they're done if they're the 1 second ability.
That is not true. If every champion is broken then the one who kills the other first wins. There is no strategic depth, it's just an arms race.
It is only fun fir the side that wins. Games being one sided are not the point of URF. I'm nit saying there should be comebacks, but a player should not be frustrated because his champion is simply not God Tier
With there being more than 20 champions which are broken in URF, it is statistically impossible to have a fair game in URF with 10 bans. As I said, the point of URF is for both sides to have fun, not have one side completely stomp the other.
Wouldn't no deathtimers just make sieging champions ridiculously broken when compared to anything else?
Did you change your password in the last month? If you didn't, and do not change passwords that often, then don't complain. I use an 18 character password which is either similar or the same for many other websites I use, however, I never had anyone break into my account for the 6 years it exists, and it's not like it's completely worthless, as it has 118 champions and around 30 skins. Your password was probably too weak to survive a bruteforce attack, or it was too similar to survive a dictionary attack, or you were keylogged, had the same password as some other site which had their hashes cracked or something like that. There is no other way than it being your fault.
Riot previously stated that skin price is defined by the time it takes to make it, and the quality can only up the price. Now, considering the skin has custom SKT animations, as well as signatures, they had to work with the SKT team, which then means they probably had to play a royalty and allocate extra time, as the team has to practice and play regularly. Therefore, it is perfectly logical that for the time invested, the skins cost 1350RP. There is Red Baron Corki which is basically a 975RP skin and is still a Legendary Tier skin because it originally took them a lot more time to make than a 975 RP skin.
Changing the hue of the particles is not something that makes the skin of better quality. They recolored particles for WW skins when he got his CU, and no one bat an eye. Enchanted Galio for sure isn't even close to being a 975 RP skin. 750 maybe.
There are downsides - you lose time and people to develop it, not to mention you increase server load. There is a possibility of annoying users who wouldn't use it, which is a problem for the company. They've already said numerous time that the account they lend you are your rrsponsibility. 2FA certainly isn't necessary because the only way you lose it is if someone hacks on it, which, at that point, is your fault, again.
In ranked, there are not 20 or more champions that are just Tier 0. There are Kennen, Jayce, Ivern, Zac, Yasuo, Draven, Xayah which are Tier 0.5, but every single one is counterable, while there is not much you can do vs an Evelynn, Hecarim or Shaco in URF.
I don't play degenerate modes which rate you purely based on your team in a singleplayer game.
The siege team can disengage and poke down the other. Caitlyn, Jayce, Xerath, Soraka, Janna, lets see how you fair against that without Death timers.
Did Yorick win Worlds 3 times? No?
Well, getting usernames is the easiest thing to do. Getting passwords is hard as you have to guess them. But the higher rank you are, the easier your username's to get, so if you don't play lol, you're at the bottom of the list.
Yasuo is 9th despite being permabanned. Draven is the highest winrate ADC. We all know what Ivern does and we know he is the 4th most banned jungler, still retains a 52% winrate despite not being played that much this patch and despite getting butchered. Nice troll.
I trust myself more to control my data than I trust any company and any block of code to do that for me without fault. Most people do not understand that 2FA is not invincible, and it only takes someone with persuasion to create a bit better cracking method to completely defeat it. There is not a thing in this world that is secure, or so secure compared to something other that it could be considered secure.
As I've said, it's not hard. All login ID's are perfectly available. The higher the rank, the sooner it appears on scraped lists.
It would take them at least a month of development, another month or two to QA it, then a month to test on PBE, and for what? To save you time AFTER you've already had it for a year (since password changes take 30 s at most, even less if you have an automated program doing them)? People like me would get annoyed even the first time after it asks you. You obviously have no idea how any service works, hence you spew shit about no server load. Every time someone logs in, it would have to create a call to a server, sending various stuff like location, user name etc. etc. That are more packets than a simple ping. Then, the server has to tick down the time for you, cannot do that client-side. Then it has to receive your code, so it counts as a triple login. Not to mention they have to hire someone who takes care of the code and the hardware, too. I'm not even mentioning security professionals who will take care of the security for the whole system. It requires significant computing power for a game as large as League. Others are doing it because it is absolutely necessary. In Hearthstone, LoL, and I'm sure games like Diablo too, a single login can wipe all of your stuff. In League, you cannot lose ANYTHING but the account itself. If you didn't see someone new on your friends list, don't change your password, YOU are responsible for the loss, not Riot. So yeah, it benefits people who don't want to care for the security, at too much of a cost for Riot who is already complaining about how little man power they have, and the man power they have is already inefficient as is.
Riot ToS says that the account are theirs, so you cannot lose anything. If it happened to Riot, there would be nothing you could do, and nothing that could be done to you. Even if something happened to your account, which would be statistically impossible given that Riot has backups etc., you are not being robbed, as the account is only lended to you. So tl;dr, you are never the victim.
It matters what you are this season. If you are unranked this season, you are at the bottom of the list if someone scraped your username this season.
People could change their passwords every month and it would be more efficient than the just in case 2FA provides. 2FA is a liability in the case you travel a lot or change devices, and if it isn't implemented in a way that it pops up when your HWID/location/WiFi changes, then it's just trash.
I consider spending energy doing unnecessary things (such as frustration) inefficient.
I don't know so much in detail, however I believe they do so through Riot's API, or through apps that use their API
So you are probably around the first 20 or so pages (don't remember how much are per page), but if you're D5 that's like 1% top, and if there are 10000000 million players (hypothetically) that means you are around the 100000th, which would take around 3 seconds to find (even less if you've got fast net, this is for 50Mbps or so), and around 1 to check for every password in a dictionary. However, 3 seconds to find, the other is just time spent cracking.
SKT doesn't have more skins than Annie, so the presumption is meaningless anyways.
That is untrue. I play a lot of intermediate AI due to finals, and the percentage is more like 1 player per 5 games on average, which is 4%. Also you have to be physically and mentally crippled to lose a bot game where a bot goes 0/20, bot games are carryable by even 2 people, even one if the ones feeding are the run it down mid bots you're talking about.
Some good bots you never notice are bots
If in your last game 80% people were bots that means that all players excluding yourself were bots in all games. Think about it for a bit, then stop exaggerating.
Idk, I still get absolutely crippled new players (like negative game sense, ADC starting to jungle after going 0/5 etc), so that might not be optimal for learning players. Don't get me wrong, it's absolutely good for the bronzies and silvers who play it to boost their ego, however, bots are like an epidemic, it spreads, and the more smurfs there are, the more the extremely unpleasant people can swap around accounts after being banned.
So 4 bots in the 4 games which are recorded on OP.gg give a rate of 4/20, 1/5 which is 25%. So, even if you weren't bullshitting about there even being 10 bot games, in which case the percentage would probably be lower, you are still bullshitting about the provided percentage of 80%. Stay in school.
With that logic one could say it seems more efficient to be uneducated in this world, but you and me both know that's not the case. As for the good bots, sure just run like 10 bots at once on a virtual machine and queue at the same time, it's highly likely that if they're around the same level that most of your team will consist of them. In any case they're more human and consistently play as well as fed Intermediate AI plays. As for the efficiency of inting, don't confuse inability for convenience.
Judging by his op.gg, probably just popped off once in a while. I was more surprised that a Katarina player would transition that well into a Ryze player. He 1v2'd an Annie and an Olaf at lvl 2.
Out of your last 10 games, there were 7 botters, which would amount to 14% botters. 4 games were without a botter, while the maximum amount of botters was 2 per game. The important thing is that everyone who speaks up on this somehow has such incredibly low self-confidence that they have to inflate the numbers, and in my book, that is a far greater sin than botting itself. A bad deed does not cleanse your bad deed, it makes it even worse. Also, bots run 24/7. They are not limited to night times, nor would I say that there are same or more private people who do it for personal smurfs than people who make a buck now that a lot of ban waves hit them.
Yeah it's so made it needs around 3 kB of behaviour data (scripts). You underestimate computers and their superiority to human beings. Just humanized dodge scripts can raise a bot's skill level astronomically.
People do it because it's probably easier to set up, but there is no difference in performance, and the difference in setting it up varies from a few tens of seconds to a minute for a batch of bots, depending on how tech savvy the person is. Seeing as how in just one game the bot will save the maximum minute you've invested, you'd come to the conclusion that smurf sellers don't really give a shit because Riot is so inneficient with the bans and are not particularly smart
Yeah, however you don't troll in a way any Rioter without a sense of humor could issue a 14 day ban. For an example, I troll by banning a Vayne from a team mate and saying Fuck you if asked why I did that, but I don't exactly claim how Hitler did nothing wrong and BM Allah
I find that the only way you can truly 1v5 against Intermediate bots is by playing hyperscaling champions like Yasuo, Yi, Tryndamere or Veigar, everything else is kind of hard if it goes on for longer than 20 mins. The intermediate bots, if there is one thing they can do, snowball insanely well.
Your op.gg shows one more game, bringing it up to 14.5%. So again, it was shown for the 2nd time that your approximations are very far from the actual situation. From my perspective, missions either didn't raise the amount of people botting, or it did so in a very insignificant way. We could look at the statistics from my account if you wish, as I played bots before missions and during them. Would you consider it more unkind if I considered these fabricators such as yourself, liars, idiots, or trolls? In my book all of them are a bigger insult, and there is no kinder way of describing someone who is trying to fight something with misdeeds than to label him as someone with low self-esteem.
You made it sound like a bot would have to be very well made, however seeing as how the spectrum of the lua script functions are very limited, the programmer also has very limited ways of coding something in it. Therefore, in order to make something good, the programmer would have to program more parameters (as is the case with any AI that can't backtrack to the end of a game), which means a bigger script size, which I noticed wasn't the case (also subtly noting that a human has to store way more data in their brain to perform at the same level). AI programs are not this super elegant code you may think of, like a 3 line insertion sort. It just a bunch of branching, evaluation and decision making, along with plenty of constants to serve as long term memory.
You can talk about many things that could be, but won't be.
Well, then don't get offended by everything? Here is the thing. The data you provided is very unstable, I'm uncertain if you're aware of that. The deviation is significantly large. The data I have, is very stable - 10 games, 1 botter, almost no difference (LoLKing as it seems to have more info, though). So by default your data is shit. Then you lie about it to make it even worse. And even when you're detected, you lie again. I agree that the data set is too small, but your data is too volatile to ever be valid, just for you to represent it as a bigger lie. I don't need to point a finger. Anyone who has ever seen a number with a percentage on the side can see that all these people claiming "Yeah it's bot games because there are bots on your team more than on the bot team" can't do the same. Your whole performance shows major disrespect to that what doesn't lie. Pardon me for being kind of triggered for that, but during this whole argument I've been of the opinion that someone like you shouldn't use numbers at all, you're too unfit.
You mean scripts, as there are a lot of publicly available, even more VIP, and even some private scripts. You're just not very informed, as is with many things you've said today.
Which is funny, seeing as how ADC is sufficiently powerful (granted, because of other roles and their items)
The way I see it, that game could've went the completely opposite direction. It just happened that the quantum mechanics gods sent us to the meme ending. It isn't rare to see a complete jackass behind those kind of words.
I only queue in solo, so idk, maybe it varies greatly with ELO. I have played Flex once in my life, and that is when I misclicked.
Then start maining support
Bitch if I had 5 bans I'd ban everything my team wants to play The whole point of playing ranked is playing it so you can never get banned out.
idk, there are plenty of ADCs who are really eager to play bot lane despite it being absolute trash in soloq, those are generally meta slaves, but I think they can play it well if they have a good support. Like in a recent game our Jhin was 4/0 at like 5 mins while the rest of the team was 8 deaths or something like that. We lost, but if our laners didn't get absolutely shitstomped, that Jhin would've carried super hard. And, I mean, it's fair to lose if 2 lanes + jungle lose. If they went even, then it's fair we win. So, you win some, you lose some.
Honestly I don't care. If I get mid I ask someone if they want it, if not, I just play Swain to make the other midlaner's life miserable. It's a win-win. Except I don't win. Ever.
Jungle carries harder
As if a Vayne can survive against any playable ADC LOL
Because it does more than it used to be able to do.
Probably because they have a reputation of overall dirtying the Earth's image due to a big percentage being failures, and a small percentage actually succeeding in life.
To be honest it doesn't matter, even the "privileged" white people have a majority unworthy of being used as reproductive material. But idk if the guy was a Pole, he was probably just an ironic troll, so I wouldn't be surprised if he was amongst one of the people he discriminated upon. From personal experience I would assume he was Greek bevause of how he talked about Europe being distant to him, and his hate for muslims and Europe would fit an angry greek person. Until I meet him again, I won't know
It's not what it used to be, however. Mana Regen was nerfed significantly for support items. That is what kills supports like Brand, Velkoz, Zyra and Malz. Before I'd run a 20 MPen at lvl 1 setup and have 3 Mana/s on VelKoz (maybe even 3.4 on other champs), and the pressure I was exerting wouldn't even be funny. However, nowadays as a support, you have less say about the game, as everything snowballs really easily now due to people meta slaving HARD.
And reminded us that the champion is absolute trash
Except you can make it, but you cannot bring back URF mode
If you want them to know you're a loser, just play Riven, Yasuo or Vayne
Multiplication is not a recursive formula lol
I feel a Brand support with Swifties, Rylai, Liandry and 3 Void Staffs would be awfully strong.
Just because the idea of what the singularity was before Planck time after the Big Bang doesn't make sense physically, it doesn't mean it doesn't exist or that it doesn't make sense generally.
You make spaghetti by coding badly, not by coding well.
To create UI like that you'd probably need less time than it took to edit or upload the video.
The whole team revolves around being incredibly efficient at any kind of task, which means that any mistake their enemies make will also get efficiently abused, which in hand means that unless they fuck up majorly and simultanously, it's very hard to catch up when they're ahead.
70% Heal hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Riot do we have to have the Ekko scenario again???
Oh no, it will just be a cancellable Zhonya that heals you to full and is guaranteed to deal damage.
But Kayn has a Zed ult Zhonya Hybrid, can walk outside of Summoner Rift, has good sustain, insane clear speed, insane scaling and stats. He has better CC than Ekko, and there aren't time delays like with Ekko. He is more reliable in that sense, with the cost of being explosively less slippery, but overall a lot more slippery since his E is barely counterable. He and Ekko fill very different roles, but I am almost certain that Ult is going to be a much bigger problem than Ekko's was, mostly because this guy just offers way more than Ekko ever will when taking everything into consideration. His Darkin form can be built so he is almost unkillable even when going damage instead of tank, and that becomes a problem, since he's more like a S2 ADC rather than a tank busting tank at that point.
IMO Lux destroys her in all parts of the game. Annie will never be able to come close to her unless she's flashing or flanking, and the Lux can always burst her. Forcing and Annie to buy a Zhonya is also huge, as it will delay her growth considerably, and usually isn't even that effective.
Q is better IMO because even the first part of W is easily dodgeable, and Q is not as easy to dodge. Also, you hit a lot more Q damage than you do W damage. The only way you can hit a full W is if you E someone, and the only way (assuming adequately skilled opponents) you can hit your E is if you hit your Q. So no matter what, Q is always the initiator.
From what I've experienced so far, I'd consider him to be like Warwick. You'll see it from time to time, but I don't think it's going to be strictly better to play him top than to play him jungle.
Here is the thing, I leveled Q-W-Q instead of E. The reason is simple, it gives you more damage and the ability to duel if you get invaded, which E doesn't. Also, taking E will leave you without any mana if you don't start Blue which is too limiting. Your build would never be able to clear the 3 camps as fast, which is from my experience, the focus of jungling as Kayn. You need to gank as soom as possible, hopefully before the laners reach 3 because most people will have a movement ability at 3 if they didn't have it at 2. I have further optimized the build and thrown out Scaling Ad for flat AD. The reason I ran scaling AD is because his scaling as good for bonus AD, but his bases are insane, hence you'd optimally want AS, lifesteal and around 40% of your Ad at 18 to be scaling AD. Generally AS is not better than AD because Kayn is a caster, but I run medium-high AS because it helps him during the first clear. Now, the clear is done 1 second faster on all portions, and on average 30 HP healthier. However, your clear is much more efficient it seems because you pull enemies away. Perhaps I'll try to do it that way without levelling E, and I'll see if I can save some time. But like I said, ideally you're not going to be doing a full clear because the sacrifice of ~20 seconds for ~370 EXP is just not worth it. You gain a level, but so does the opponent laner.
You can reset its AA animation if you walk out as it's about to fire. It's very hard but somewhat doable with 175 and 200 AA range. Perhaps I could perfect it if I didn't have a ping of 190 on PBE, but it's definitely doable. Maybe it's a bug, too.
I just made a statistical analysis. I could have optimized the levelling (therefore taking E on Talisman), however, then the results wouldn't be unambigous. I cleared the same, levelled the same for both clears. W was necessary in order to instantly clear smaller camps at lvl2 and up. The focus was the speed, rather than health, due to reasons previously explained. It just so happened that statistically, Razor - Red - Wolf - Blue with a crappy setup was the best path of them all, while statistically the best path was Razor - Red - Blue. We both know it's not always like that, but objectively, it is so. Levelling E 2nd IMO is still bad, but with Talisman it's probably better. As I said, I'll test your method woth my best rune lage and masteries, and I'll see if I can improve it to sub 3:00 or hit 3:00 at least. Rather than the most absolute perfection, this was more to show how different builds and paths scale. In it is obviously visible that general tanky HP builds don't seem to work. For the first clear, I'm certain that you need at least 5% CDR, 7 AD, 9% AS and 7 Armor for it to be an optimal build. From there on it's fiddling with the remaining runes. Lastly, I didn't say it isn't worth to do a full clear, gowever, statistically, with the experience having the 2nd largest factor in the whole equation, it does seem to be stupid when xompared to the quick clears. At the very least, from what I've understood playing Kayn, ganking a lvl 2 top laner as a lvl 3 Kayn is much better than ganking a lvl 3 top laner as a lvl 4 Kayn. Your Q dealing 50 more damage won't matter on a target that got 1 Armor, around 80 Hp and a skill from levelling up.
As I said, I will test it with my new, updated build which saves 1-2 seconds and which was thoroughly tested based on how many hits you take etc. Also, I have an idea how to make it work even better than it worked for you, however that much is experimental, and I have to wait until my recently burned finger starts hurting. I will publish the most optimal item build, clear and playstyle in a few days once I have everything ready, and that will include the fastest and healthiest clear, which is probably going to be very different than these, most likely featuring machete and a Q - E - Q - W order, along with Razor - Red - Blue - Wolves - Gromp, healing 3 times, focusing on the lvl 2 Q for Wolves and clearing Gromp last with E up exactly fro the moment when you gank top. But I have to test all of this, so allow me some time to do so. This is just the beginning :) Also, if I can make Machete work on the clear I mentioned, and I think I will since I go for Blue before Wolves, Machete will be the absolute winner, as it should be.
Depends on your team. I played him recently in low Plat, got the first blood by flashing on a Draven and nomming him, performed kinda well, but my frontline didn't want to take my ult/w and instead walked into the enemy team and died alone... Happened a lot of time with my carry too. If you have a botlane partner who knows how to play with Tahm, permit the kermit in case of an enemy Thresh or something like that.
Jungle Rakan is perhaps the worst jungler I've ever played.
Ako na FERu lik u kasnim 60-im redovno polaže, onda možeš i ti sa 25.
I think you can apply this to anyone, really.
Ako si tip koji će ići na pripreme iz mature (dakle, nemaš pojma), onda ne. Ako misliš na pripreme u sklopu školskog gradiva, samo naprijed - ja sam polagao od 10. - 2. mjeseca u 4. razredu, nije bilo problema. Ali ako planiraš upisati moraš odmah sad - ovisno o autoškoli zna to potrajati i do 6 mjeseci.
Ako imaš ekipu svakako idi. Mislim možda ti se to čini kao preseravanje, al to ti je zadnja formalna stvar prije svadbi, i ako nećeš biti izoliran sigurno ćeš se sjećati. To da ćeš trebat iskeširat je istina, no nije nemoguće. Ja sam bio i iako sam se razbio i s time zbruko, mislim da je je i meni a i mojoj ekipi ipak draže što sam bio, upravo zbog sjećanja xD
Al se ovaj novinar koji izgleda baš ne razumije terapije za rak triggerao na upozorenje :DDD
A džabe nam to kad Markićkina vojska aneksira hrvatski prostor Facebooka :(
To je i dobro, ljudi ni ne znaju da je Thailand jedna od najopasnijih ako ne i najopasnija turistička zemlja u svijetu. Ekipa ne voli turiste, jebiga.
Kupio monitor, sve korektno, nikakve zamjerke, skoro soma kuna jeftinije nego u RH.
Xayah cuz I was edgy as shit
Ne mogu pričat kakva je zemlja kao zemlja, ali što se događa turistima, ono mlate ljude bez provokacije samo jer su turisti, i to USRED GRADA. Znači ono, vatafak? Best gore pun toga, u vijestima se ponekad pojavi ali uglavnom mainstream mediji ignoriraju takve stvari, čak i kad ubiju nekog.
Prava indikacija domoljublja je napuštanje domovine i pametovanje izvana :D
Obično samo makneš zadnja dva broja (ponekad više ako je veći naziv). Televizor koji si spomenuo je onda zapravo Sony KD-XE80, ili možeš tražiti i samo 8. seriju (ova 0 nakon je delimiter).
Evo ja osobno ne znam ni jednog HDZovca zbog kojeg se ne-HDZovci ne iseljavaju. Rjeđi od vilenjaka.
Ma daj, zamisli da nešto na balkanu završi balkanskim prebacivanjem krivnje...
I think you have to clean up your computer a bit. Just scrolling YouTube doesn't even lag on my 2 decade old AMD Athlon XP machine. If you're talking about playing a video and scrolling, well, just remember that even if you aren't rendering the video on your screen, your computer still has to process at least a part of it (assuming it is optimized like that, even though I doubt it is).
Ye, pre-2nd gen Quad Cores are as powerful as modern i3s, so I wouldn't be surprised considering i3s are basically entry level hardware
I go to possibly the highest pressure faculty in the country, counting around 3k students, the only suicide attempt that happened since I started studying was last year on April 1st and IIRC it wasn't even fatal. And it was over a GIRL.
Kako bi onda rekli softver? Omekšje?
Mi koristimo mreža, što je točniji prijevod iako možda zvuči lejm. Al ova naputbina je topkek, trebat će mi te gluposti za radove, ima možda neka stranica sa tim pokušajima prijevoda?
Vjerojatno financijska situacija koja je takva jer je zbog braka morala prilagoditi društvenu ulogu i zbog toga ne imati karijeru. Treba pitati zašto se još nisu razveli, mogla bi ga toliko oderati sad pogotovo jer se radi o obiteljskom nasilju, a moguće i Plenkija uvesti kao suučesnika, al očito nije sve crno-bijelo i moguće da se boji HDZove mafije koja je u svim slojevima društva.
Da je to tako onda se ljudi ne bi smijali ERSu
Samo interpretacija zakona, nemojte se uvrijediti :)
S obzirom da žena tvrdi da se obraćala stranci o problemu kao i Plenkoviću osobno, kad bi se dokazalo da je on to ignorirao bio bi suučesnik. Možda on nije sa svojim prijateljem tukao ženu, ali je po zakonu nedjelovanjem isto omogućio.
Ne sugeriram ja nužno da je on upleten, na kraju krajeva kog boli briga, samo kad bi se uspostavilo da je vidio, a ignorirao (postoje neke stvari kod mail protokola koje jednoznačno objašnjavaju kako je nekom mailu pristupano, neću ulaziti u pojedinosti), to bi bilo vrlo loše za njega, stranku, mislim on je šupčina pa se možda i ne bi nakon toga povukao jer kao što si rekao, nije on policija, no tehnički je suučesnik. Možda sam pogriješio što nisam naglasio da to nije jednoznačno kriminalno. Ovisno o njenom odvjetniku može biti. No to nije bit. Jadna žena i sve to ide, ali da ne traži rastavu i tuži seljačinu - ha, čudno je to. Možda je jednostavno glupa. Ili dovoljno pametna.
2 and a half memes
Da, ali je kod razvoda puno lakše dobiti nešto ako je druga strana zajebala. Prevara, nasilje, i to. Ne znači da će dobit više, samo da može.
Ne sjećam se kad sam nešto ovoliko retardirano kao ovu izjavu zadnji put pročitao
Pa jebo me pas ako se priča o desničarskim bijelim vitezovima koji nazivaju druge libtardovima ne ispunjuje i u Hrvatskoj :DDD
Make Croatia Great Again
Isss otvorilo mi se treće oko
Pročitao sam naslov i odmah sam znao da je to Predrag Pale i VJEKOM. No, iako nije bas ugodno što on radi, on je to vrlo dobro objasnio. Ako ti ne želiš da tvoje rad bude poznat drugima kroz javnu domenu, ili ga se želiš odreći jer ga se sramiš, vrati diplomu. E sad, kak to netko može interpretirati je upitno. Postoje odvjetnici koji bi mogli razuvjeriti nekog da usprkos pragu od 50% na tome to nije ucjena. Mislim da se radi od muhe slona, neovisno. A reći da predmet nema veze sa fakultetom je blago rečeno retardirano, kao i većina izjava brucoša.
O kakvoj privatnosti pričaš? Privatnost se odnosi na tvoj privatni život, ne na tvoj uradak za kolegij na faksu. Ti mini projekti i projekti nisu tvoja stvar, nego stvar cijelog faksa. Isto ko kak znanost nije stvar znanstvenika nego cijele zajednice. Brucoši moraju naučit da se odsad njihov rad dijeli s drugim kolegama. Dakle ako netko zabrlja, znat će se. Primjer toga je ona lista srama. Ako napraviš nešto dobro, znat će se (nagrade i objava na mail itd.). Nije ovo srednja škola di si sam odgovoran za svoje rezultate jer su svi nezreli i ne žele si iz principa pomagati ako se dobro ne znaju. Objavom i dijeljenjem rada znanstvena zajednica funkcionira. Kad ne bi tako bilo, onda ne bi bilo ni konzultacija ni demonstracija, a još manje nekih seminara ili masovnih instrukcija. Ako ne možeš stajati iza onog što si napravio, onda to nemoj ni predavati. Jer u stvari, to te definira. Svaki zajeb i uspjeh. Možda je Pale tako malo čudan i to, al na kraju krajeva jako je mala šansa da uopće nekog zaboli krc ko si ti na tom faksu ak nisi veliki klošar ili bog nečega. Živcirat se oko nečega što će se koristit za unapređenje kolegija ili metoda poučavanja je bezveze. Pogotovo kad usprkos hrabrim metodama (završni pišeš doma) Pale ima rezultate. Licemjerno bi nakon toga bilo, recimo, ignorirati anketu.
Posao inženjera i posao za koji te FER priprema se dosta promijenio. Nisam informiran o FER1, ali on nema veze s Bolonjom. Kao takav, neovisno o tome koliko je dobar, nije prikladan za usporedbu jer se Bolonjom ionako sve downscalealo da bude kompatibilno s drugim zemljama. A sad, ako netko misli da može u današnjem svijetu voditi tim i biti dobar inženjer bez komunikacijskih vještina i znanja koje se tiču načina obavljanja posla umjesto konteksta posla, nek mu je sa srećom kad ljudski faktor u poslu zašteka pa se svo to uber znanje koje imaš razbijanjem glave o zid pun integrala, fazora, neurona, štogod, pokaže beskorisnim. Računala su ionako bolja u bilo kakvoj znanosti koju bi možda netko nazvao pravim predmetima na FERu. Njih ne zapošljavaju jer se ne odnose dobro s ljudima. Društveni predmeti su možda sprdačina, ali daleko više od ostalih, neki bi rekli pravih, mijenjaju pristup. Samo ovisi koliko ih uzmeš k srcu. Barem možeš naučit fotografirat nešto i dokazat ljudima da nisi apsolutno beskoristan na tom VJEKOMu ak te baš ništa drugo ne zanima. Argument da to ne treba jer neki ljudi to već znaju ili jer to netko odbija koristit je glup, uvrsti neki "pravi" kolegij u ijedno od ovih izjava, lako se može vidjeti koliko je izjava apsurdna.
Ja sam 5 km pa prosječno dobivam 3 Mbps u paketu od 50 Mbps jer 30 Mbps je navodno alocirano za televiziju.
A treba 30 Mbps da se može vrtit 480p i ponekad 720p program očito, iako je jasno u čemu je riječ.
Da, ali ako si FERovac, VRLO je vjerojatno da ćeš imati jako puno javno podijeljenih stvari. Samo neke od njih su GitHub, LinkedIn, možda i neki blogovi ako si programer, možda i neka vlastita web stranica... Dakle, ti sebe prezentiraš poslodavcu i izvan razgovora. Tu nema ništa čudnog jer je to FER. Tak se to radi. Ovo s Paletom ne bi trebao biti nikakav problem. A to konzultacije, itd., pa, ako netko gleda na to da je razlog zašto predavanja postoje taj što je to profesorima posao je u krivu. Konzultacije su kao neka obaveza, ali profesor ti nije potreban reći nešto izvan nastave. Može ti reć da ti vidi bilježnicu i poslat te doma. Bolji profesori će razgovarat s tobom i podijelit znanje izvan sklopa njihovog posla. Demonstracije nisu obavezna stvar. Rade ih obično studenti koji od tog eventualno imaju stotinjak kuna. Opet drugi dijele svoje s tobom. Stvar je u tome što u svakom tom slučaju netko dijeli s tobom, a ti si preslan podijeliti video koji si napravio ionako obavezno. Prihvaćati prvo a ne drugo je licemjerno. Onak, o čemu mi pričamo? A anketa je u smislu da tada isto pridonosiš razvitku kolegija i fakulteta općenito kao i ovom zadaćom koja se dijeli. Samo tad je puno manje ljudi slano jer kao to je anketa. Možda je to zato jer ne govori o njihovim sposobnostima. Ali opet, obavlja se na isti način s istim ciljem. A Paletovi rezultati su ti da je u tih par godina osmišljanja novog programa osmislio nešto što je dovoljno lagano za proć nekom kog boli briga a dovoljno teško nekom ko omalovažava taj predmet. Govorim iz druge ruke jer mi je dobar frend pao i kontinuirano i na zimskom roku jer ga nije bilo briga, ali kuži se. Uveo je revolucionarne metode s obzirom kak je na neki način stroga Bolonja, i da nije šupkast ko čovjek, bio bi to potpuni uspjeh i možda bi manje ljudi mrzilo njegov kolegij. Samo uvijek ima neko tko možda gleda na taj kolegij ko neki teret koji mu donosi lošije rezultate iz ostalih kolegija, al ak ti 15-30 min za zadaću, i ajde par sati na tjedan za projekt upropaštava faks, ah kolega, TVZ je blizu.
Kako ne postoji razlog? Ako je tvoj video loš, on će biti primjer što ne raditi. Ako je dobar, on će biti primjer što treba raditi. Ako promovira fakultet, može se iskoristiti za to, itd. U svakom slučaju, nekom dati bodove za to je još i najmanja beneficija.
Ma da, kužim i to štima. Samo ono, oni mogu reć kaj hoće. Većina će popušit foru, a ostali ionak ne mogu raskinut ugovor. Win-win.
O, pa za to ima nekoliko razloga. Prvi je spremanje zapisa koje troši i memoriju i bandwidth. Nije potrebno opterećivate FERove servere koji ionako umiru nakon ispita samo zbog prirodnog prometa. Drugi razlog je taj što to može biti dostupno nekom tko više nije na FERu, dakle da se ne izgubi pristup kad završiš fakultet. Kao alumnus nemaš više pristup kao što ga studenti imaju. Treći razlog je up-time. Npr. kad smo mi imali za predati taj projekt, FERweb i Moodle su bili pali. Način na koji si znao temu ili smjernice su bili vrlo primitivni - neko je imao screenshot ili snimio stranicu pa podijelio. Third-party servisi imaju puno veći up-time nego FERweb, pa su pouzdaniji. Ako uploadaš na neku drugu steanicu, kad se Moodle digne možeš samo uploadat s tog drugog hosta puno brže. A Moodle ionako nije otvoren baš svima, barem ne taj dio s videima. Razlozi idu dalje. Da je takvo uploadanje problem, onda bi se popravio od prošle godine, kad je bilo toliko bruke, a opet manje ljudi se žalilo. Od toga da ona aplikacija nije radila, da zadaće nisu radile ili bile jasne, pa sve do čudnih rokova i zahtjeva. Uglavnom, fora je u tome što studenti trebaju stajati iza svojih dijela, a ne sve skrivati. Neki to ili ne shvaćaju ili ne žele prihvatiti. Al budu, kad tad.
I swear to god whenever someone gets this as a first item it's just a sign they don't play ADC. I've had the honor to finish placements in G3 and it's so tilting to see that almost every single ADC rushes this. At one point I even began saying in chat not to buy it. Gotta stop trolling and climb back to high plat otherwise there's no future. But you know, it could actually be decent on high AD champs like Jayce. Maybe even Graves?
Ja nekako uvijek uzimam pravila da matična mora bit 25% cijene, CPU 20%, RAM barem 4 puta preporučenog iz osa za zadnje windowse, idealno 8 puta više, a sve ostalo što nije periferija, kučište ili HDD na grafičku. Nakon što si si odredio koliko toga kupuješ i po kojoj cijeni odrediš hoćeš Intel ili AMD i AMD ili nVidiju. Ako imaš manje para težiš AMDu, ako imaš više, težiš Intelu i nVidiji. Što se tiče spremišta, ha, ja si uzmem da 10% HDD prostora mora biti u SSDu (tj npr. 1TB HDD + 128 GB SSD kombinacija). E sad, stvari se zakompliciraju ako uvodiš vodeno hlađenje i te brije, ali za to imaš tutoriala koje ionako moraš pogledati ako ideš toliko daleko. Napajanje biraš ovisno o modelu čipa i grafičke koje si kupio jer na kraju krajeva najviše će ti oni trošiti. Povezivanje svih tih komponenti nije nikakva znanost i svodi se na plug and play više manje. Više ćeš vremena potrošiti na uređivanje kablova. Finalno, možeš provjeriti hoćeš li imati bottlenecka s komponentama. U principu, 4-jezgrene i5 3. generacije će ti biti dovoljne za većinu grafički, a ako ideš na high end ciljaj na barem i7 4. generacije. Ako imaš toliko mali budget da kupuješ nešto lošije od i5 3. generacije (koje su trenutno ako se ne varam u rangu od 700-1000 kn), vjerojatno se ne moraš bojati oko bottleneckova jer toliko para za grafičku ionako nećeš ni imati. Sve u svemu možeš još o tome pročitati na webu, nije to nikakva znanost, a i komponente ti dolaze sa uputama dosta puta pa ne moraš o tome previše brinuti.
Oh, I see, then it should probably changed to be an Odd cost card to prevent imbalance in Even Warlock.
The quest is not even that good, this is bonkers in a control Warlock because you get to play 4 Mana 3/8s without any cost and you can never run out of cards.
Sorry, meant odd card, will fix it. However, depending on how it's coded, if this triggers before Genn it might actually discount the new hero power. Someone would have to check the interaction in a tavern brawl, because Genn could just discount ANY hero power at the start, not just the class'. I don't think we had any special starting hero power brawl since TWW, though.
I'm a high plat player plqying in mid gold currently, I know how he feels, but IMO his stream would probably still be lively if he played other games, and he's practicing with his team a lot every day anyways.
Nisam 100% siguran ali mislim da nije pravilno jer 1) Osim toga što se generalno ne mijenja traka na raskrižju, prelaziš preko pune crte, uvijek je prije semafora. 2) Ne skrećeš obavezno desno. 3) U opskurnom slučaju da se vozač predomisli i krene ravno a ti se prestrojavaš, upravo si mu oduzeo prednost. Mislim da bi kod svakog normalnog ispitivača takav manevar bila DP. Ne samo jer si napravio prekršaj bilo kako bilo, nego isto zato što je to vrlo agresivan način vožnje. Ovo ti kažem jer jedini način zašto ja nisam pao kad sam prešao preko pune crte je jer mi je tako ispitivač rekao. Dakle, jedini način da sigurno ne padneš prilikon ovakvog manevra je da ti ispitivač eksplicitno kaže da ga zaobiđeš.
Ako ti programiranje na FERu bude prebrzo, morat ćeš razmišljati o promjeni struke, jer programiranje ne da ćeš morati solo radit u slobodno vrijeme ako želiš biti netko i nešto, nego je skoro pa beskorisno. Uvjeti su ti da budeš u prvih 640 (750-800 bodova, vjerojatno manje od sredine, svake godine se smanjuje). Motivacije ćeš imat samo ako se za nju pobrineš, nakon prvih par tjedana nabrijani profesori postaju susramni, apsolutno nitko te neće držat za ruku ako ti sam ne iskažeš veliki interes.
Gle mislio sam i ja da je to neki tough shit dok nisam prošao programiranje s 3 samo jer sam se pojavio na ispitima (za vrijeme predavanja sam s frendom ispunjavao obaveze u E zgradi, iliti igrao biljar pod gasom), iz algoritama mi je falilo par bodova do 5 jer sam pisao ezoterične kodove na ispitu iz zajebancije itd. S tim da sam ja možda prosječan programer, 0 talenta. Ako imaš talenta onda ti je programiranje na FERu bullyjanje asistenata na uvidima. Brzo ti padne mišljenje kad vidiš o čemu se tu radi imho
Svaka godina prosjek 80 bodova, 80 bodova prosjek sve 4 godine. 360 bodova iz mature iz matematike, 240 bodova iz mature iz fizike ako se ne varam.
In the 7 years I have been playing this game I have only once purchased it when running it down just wasn't troll enough It's not even int worthy
Masa bakalara i magistara su programerski šljam. Da, postoji ona spika da samo trećina ljudi s početka završi faks, ali vjeruj mi vrlo brzo skužiš da ima JAKO malo perspektivnih i sposobnih ljudi. Također, web development se i najviše traži ovih dana kod nas. Za HC stvari treba lupati po Big 3.
Chapanya fucked destroyed some kiddos with Rakan mid... But most games he fed because Rakan mid fucking sucks
Seeing as how today I read about there now being a possibility of G6, you're on thin ice, buddy.
A razina matematike ti izgleda ovak: 40% super lagano (pomoću ovog svatko može dobiti 2): korijen iz 729 (ubaci u kalkulator) 40% lagano: Dobiš steanicu trokuta, visinu i neki kut - izračunaj površinu 15% umjereno: neke kamate, zadaci s tekstom 1 zadatak primjeren nazivu A razina: Zadatak s tekstom u kojem ne samo da trebaš skužiti što se traži već moraš razumjeti matematiku kao takvu. Na mojoj maturi je bila neka glupost sa brzinama i udaljenostima koje vlak prolazi na trokutastoj ruti. Rješenje je bilo preko kosinusovog poučka. Fokusiraj se da napraviš što manje pogrešaka u jednostavnim zadacima i prolaziš bez problema.
