I don't have a comprehensive knowledge of Japanese VR titles, but Little Witch Delivery Service was released on Gear VR recently and Gliding Princess (plus a cyberpunk interactive FMV title iirc?) was in the recent VR Jam. There's also the car parking simulator, kitten simulator (Nyaaculus?), and Sword Art Online promotional demo. I think I remember a ski jump and fireplace demo. Edit: Oops, forgot Suwako-chan Cubic.
([Artist's impression.](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/puking_rainbows_gravity_falls_looped.gif))
Unity 5 + OpenGL ES 3.0 is broken on the Galaxy S6. I'm not certain about Unity 4.x, but the release notes seem to indicate it's specific to 5.x.
You need to choose a side. It's not divisive enough, otherwise. ^(^:/)
Thanks! I certainly wasn't expecting this result when I first entered. To be honest I'd expected to have to drop out before the end :P.
Oops, I moved something on Dropbox and it broke all links :(. Fixed now. I also hope to have DK2 updates ready to match the new GearVR version, soon.
Thanks!
Yeah, I wasn't expecting as many compatibility issues either. Scorched Battalion started working on the S6 once I switched from GLES 3.0 to 2.0.
Hopefully many people will still be able to expand their games and get them onto the Oculus Store and/or elsewhere.
They mentioned some way of letting the judges test multiplayer games requiring two headsets seemingly without actually having two headsets in the same room. Presumably some sort of tunnelling to simulate a local network over the Internet? If so, maybe that broke Internet connectivity needed for analytics reports?
/u/Fastidiocy made the [concept image](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2xohqo/oculus_will_die_if_they_dont_x_at_gdc/cp2mvw9?context=3). I thought up some ideas for the controller, but largely I just evangelise for it. It was inspired by a prototype controller seen in the background of an image from when Oculus acquired Carbon Design. I originally suggested calling it the Palm^(^erluc)Key and /u/jonamaton else said just Palmer would be simpler.
Jewellery-tracking confirmed as the CV1 input method!
That's... actually less than I would have expected. A lot of things are admittedly downloaded without going through Share, though.
There's now a newer, globally-signed version on the [VR Jam page](http://vrjam.challengepost.com/submissions/36332-scorched-battalion). There's also [this alternate version](https://www.dropbox.com/s/f5p0tg7b6ywb2kl/GLnCjc2GS4unSlL4Ktjo_ScorchedBattalion_v0_6_1.apk?dl=1) that was downgraded to SDK 0.5.1 and seems to have better performance as a result.
I'm not advocating it, but it is technically possible to make something in UE4, or Unity with the right plugins, without particularly doing any programming. You'd need to work within the confines and limitations (and flaws) of whatever GUI system you were using, though, and knowing enough to be able to write at least some simple code would probably make things a lot easier even then. Starting with learning some code (the basics at least) seems like a good idea to me, but it's very difficult to learn from scratch without being able to do anything practical. Once you're familiar with one language you can basically sit down with a book and learn another in many cases, but when starting out, make sure you're at least set up to output text so you can mess about and see results when you want to. I don't know about UE4, but many Unity tutorials try to teach basic programming at the same time as the editor stuff. That may provide a reasonable way for you to be able to test what you write.
You install and it shows up in the normal app list like a normal, non-VR app. Run from there and it will prompt you to insert the phone into the headset.
I think Boo has been removed in Unity 5. JavaScript was most common in old Unity tutorials and docs, but they've mostly all used C# more recently. I like C#, though loose typing probably makes things easier to pick up at first.
They've advertised Lighthouse features as integral to the HTC Vive so far. Imho if the controllers, base stations or associated software fall victim to Valve Time, Vive will end up delayed to match it. (Hopefully not for as long as Steam Machines though.)
Are the OVR hooks available to change Rift-specific settings, reset the tracking position etc?
One should only rarely accept advice from a piece of fruit, in my experience.
I'd like to know if it's still possible to do a completely separate view for something like a telescope or rifle scope. ^(Or an eyepatch for a pirate simulator.)
"Multi-view rendering" is presumably the layer system added in 0.6.0? Apparently there was also some late-latching code included, but I don't know if it's functional or whether Unity actually makes use of either feature.
There's an older DK2 version on scorchedbattalion.com . I was thinking about updating it to the latest version once Unity 5.1p1 was available so I could do a Mac port at the same time.
The dev kit uses a sync cable, but the manual says it'll be gone for the consumer release.
Sharpen first; wave later.
Because the room and head tracking will still be running at 90fps, a low frame rate on the virtual screen won't actually cause nausea, by the way.
Ah, that's a point admittedly :/. I'd only been considering safety issues related to letting go of the controllers unintentionally. Still unfortunate if that's the reason.
Native Rift support in Windows 10 is the most impressive thing about the collaboration. That hopefully means everything will be plug &amp; play, no problems with getting Direct Mode working, no unnecessary latency or performance issues etc. If people think the virtual cinema is all there is to VR, that could put them off, but there'll always be some experience that could put people off if they mistakenly think it's all VR is about.
If they use Bluetooth, presumably they could technically connect and use the buttons and IMUs. If not, a receiver could perhaps be built into the headset? (which wouldn't be helpful for the existing GearVRs). Theoretically, I guess IR cameras on the headset or phone and track the controllers from there, but that seems unlikely for the near future.
Looking at that image makes me glad I'm not a moderator.
[NOOOOO^(OOOO^OOOOooo!)](http://i.imgur.com/4SNFME3.jpg)
I took it to be making fun of people's lack of imagination. Microsoft probably should have used something like the moon cinema for that video, though.
Shipping was US$75 for me in Australia. Some additional shipping options for CV1 would certainly be nice if that was possible (any chance of shipping directly from China?) Also note that the taxes this country requires us to pay don't apply to purchases under $1000 if shipped from overseas.
People will be worried about it again [a few weeks](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/36g2oo/the_rift_is_an_open_platform_we_dont_control_what/crebs8d) from now. (If not hours.)
&gt; So it's a little heavier [than Crescent Bay]. (For durability reasons). Interesting -- hopefully not too much heavier. &gt; **What is the field of view of the consumer Rift?** &gt; "We're not announcing the exact spec here today, but it's very wide. It's no less than anything you've seen before." DK1 or greater FOV confirmed?
You might already mean this, but to clarify for anyone who's unsure: You should already be able to turn 360 degrees with the consumer Rift and one camera, due to LEDs on the back plate, but controllers would be blocked by your body while facing away. Two cameras would also allow for more accurate and reliable tracking and a larger overall tracking area.
Not certain I properly understand your implication, but my point was that if Oculus doesn't add Rift support to the OpenVR library themselves, it seems fairly certain someone else will. As far as I know it already supports DK2.
No problem. On that subject, can anyone tell me whether OpenVR currently interfaces with the Oculus SDK or attempts to act as a replacement for it? I haven't looked into it yet. I guess a few changes will need to be made to their Unity implementation now that Unity is attempting to support multiple headsets natively.
The VRJam version is already available at Pangasinan's link. Iirc the developer said it was rejected for the Oculus Store.
Only problem is that you can't access the indexes on mobile devices.
I'd also be interested in the draft if it's not a problem.
&gt; I wonder why Bethesda didn't support the Rift It could be partly because their lawsuit against Oculus is ongoing.
It hasn't been buggier for me (though there was a performance issue on GearVR that's at least mostly fixed in 0.6.0.1). I had the impression that when people talked about bugginess they were referring to the 0.6.0 runtime causing issues with software that hadn't been updated to use 0.6.0, but I could be wrong.
The linked 0.6.0 version was using Unity 5.0.2. I've updated to 5.1 recently but am still having issues at this point. Lightmaps stopped working and performance was roughly halved on the Gear VR.
From the look of the Oculus controllers I expect it'd be easier to forget they're there, which would make them very versatile and help with hand presence. The wand feeling might be an improvement in a few cases, though (e.g. swords or fishing poles?)
Though you might need to connect some sort of receiver. Maybe they'll use the Xbox controller's wireless receiver? There's also the possible second camera.
Reading the user comments on that article is kind of interesting/confusing. They range from 2012 to the present day in no particular order.
Maybe it's just that everyone's searching for the term "Valve's SteamVR HTC Re Vive"?
I'd love that, but I'm afraid that even though it was originally developed for the PS3, they mightn't get it running at the necessary frame rate in VR. And either way, they could easily feel that the camera movements would be too inclined to cause nausea. Hope I'm wrong, though, since even if I couldn't personally stomach it for long it'd be great just to be able to look around the environments.
Most games are, but apparently a few of the tech demos, at least, genuinely are running at 120fps (e.g. the PS4 controller demo with the little robots).
I don't know about any list, and not many are confirmed, but at least a few missing (e.g. Monster Escape which they'll supposedly be demoing, Loading Human which they may not be demoing).
&gt; So one of the things our games teams suggested and our hardware guys agreed to implement is for PS4 game developers [to] be able to render two different screens at the same time: one for Morpheus and one for TV. So what you are going to try and see at this E3? Japan Studio has made a new demo called Monster Escape. So that's a five-player game; one versus four. One being the person wearing Morpheus. And if you're in Morpheus, you become the Monster. And the four people holding the DualShock and looking at the TV and playing the game like a regular game [are] against the monster. I was asking about this ages back. It'd be really handy if it could be made easy to do in Unity. There are several potential uses. (Though a sensor to detect when the headset is donned/removed would cover one of them). &gt; So, it's just natural for them to come up with a hand solution. And it's great for devs, because without Oculus doing it, devs would have to make a tough choice to use Move and Valve to allow the hand presence and skip Oculus or redesign for Oculus. Or not use it at all. ... I am so happy about their announcement. Exactly what I'd been thinking.
Plus it already has comfort-mode turning.
As far as I know, Valve's actual Chaperone system can be used with any headset supported by OpenVR (e.g. DK2) if the developers set it up.
There's already a greater problem with PS Move not having a trackpad or analogue stick. It'll cause some limited fragmentation, but not of the sort that having no motion controls would, where you need to choose between - or attempt to support - two completely different methods of interacting with a game. It's mostly just like one controller has a few more buttons, and devs have been working around that with console controllers etc. for a long time now.
...Because you place your coffee cup down on a coaster?...
That just doesn't sound weird enough to interest me.
Sounds good to me. I guess the argument against it might be that it reminds you you're actually wearing a headset, though games that it wasn't suited for wouldn't have to make use of it. I'd like a dedicated recentre button on the headset, personally. If they use a sensor to tell whether it's on your face like the Gear VR, though, that might work well enough I guess.
Depends on how you define it. We call HMD tracking "head tracking".
I'd guess tightening it could get you slightly closer, though normally it'd make sense to set the tightness for whatever's comfortable. Obviously removing the glasses extender would be the main thing, and some of the facial interfaces might effectively put your eyes closer to the lenses than others depending on your head shape.
Will source files for Toybox be provided to developers as an example of how to set up interactions with the Touch controllers?
Volume: Vive's is bigger because it uses two base stations if nothing else. The Rift can use two cameras but only comes with one. Setup: To use Vive's larger tracking area you need to set up two base stations, preferably high near the corners of your room looking down. Base stations need to connect to power or have batteries [charged/replaced?] (nothing known about battery life) Cost, options, cables: No one knows. From HTC comments it sounds as if Vive is likely to be more expensive. Vive comes with motion controllers, Rift comes with Xbox One wireless controller (motion controllers released separately afterwards). Rift is reportedly lighter and more comfortable for now, but the final consumer Vive hasn't been revealed yet.
I didn't downvote, but: Technically it's six months maximum between the CV1 and Touch releases if we assume no delays, not minimum. Since CV1 is unlikely to launch on New Year's Day, it'll probably be something less than that. Some Touch dev kits are already in developer's hands, and it's the consumer release of Touch that's supposed to be in the first half of 2016. Software will likely be available as most devs will want to port their motion-controlled Vive games to the Rift. It'll probably be about six months from the Vive release, though (assuming that's not delayed), so I'm not recommending holding off or anything. Both are likely to be good choices for slightly different reasons.
Are we sure that wouldn't be an advantage in VR?
Costs involved in handling the extra SKU would be greater than the savings on the headphones. Some people will probably end up breaking theirs, so you could always give or sell your spares to them.
I've been a proponent of a camera on the headset in the past, but if it was similar to Gear VR's passthrough system (hold button for a few seconds to bring up menu, select Passthrough option, tap and wait for the camera to start up), it wouldn't be that useful to be honest.
It is in the case of local multiplayer games.
Plus they clearly state they're talking about a partnership deal that would lock the Rift to a specific game console (i.e. if Microsoft or Sony purchased them), which is unrelated to their recent deal with Microsoft. Edit: On the Fresnel lenses, by the way, Palmer mentioned in his recent [RoadToVR interview](http://www.roadtovr.com/24-minutes-with-oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-on-rift-cv1-touch-controllers-fresnel-lenses-and-more/) that CV1's lenses are a hybrid of fresnel and traditional lens technologies with more advanced machining than normal, so his comments on common Fresnel lenses probably still stand.
Another problem is that the Rift tracking camera almost certainly still has a filter on it to block non-IR light.
Something they should have mentioned when asked about the advantages of a wide FOV is that, when seated, it's actually really awkward to look directly behind yourself with a ~100 degree FOV. Normally you turn your eyes far to the side in that situation. It'd be handy for things like flight sims where you want to be able to glance in any direction without a swivel chair. Overall, though, while I'd love to try it, I don't think I'll be buying one any time soon.
This made me think of not a bad way to explain VR to people who haven't tried it. "Imagine you have a huge IMAX screen in front of you. VR is the cinema seats surrounding you and the people seated next to you."
Ah I see -- it's possible that Meltdown would have problems even if it did work in Extended Mode just because it needs the 0.6.0 runtime, depending. Out of interest, what happened when you tried to use the 0.6.0 runtime? (E.g. it wouldn't install? It installed but nothing worked?)
So you're saying the information was old, but they hadn't changed the basic HMD design since then, therefore Palmer lied when he said it was old?
^(One of the few times I've seen "hear hear" written correctly on the Internet.)
&gt; I'm speaking strictly on the design of the consumer version. You might be, but Palmer wasn't. He was responding to the leak generally. In fact, he mentioned specific examples from the leak in his post, and none of them were the HMD design. The HMD itself was old in any case as evidenced by the green glowing earphones and particularly the front-facing camera (which wouldn't have been removed immediately before the final version was locked down considering how iterative and cautious the design process has been). Like I said, we can disagree over whether "ancient" was the correct word to use. I think it was too strong, but obviously nobody thought the images were ~thousands of years old so it was clearly hyperbole either way. The argument becomes "how old does 'ancient' mean when not used literally?" ^(Edit: Considering that the basic design in the leaked image builds closely upon Crescent Bay's, it's not plausible that Palmer intended people to believe it was DK1-era stuff.)
[Associated article.](http://uploadvr.com/room-scale-possible-testing-the-standing-tracking-volume-on-the-oculus-rift/) Note that Oculus has confirmed that you can set cameras up in the corners of the room if you want -- Palmer said the E3 units weren't set up for maximum tracking volume. Obviously you'd need to get hold of a second camera (seems plausible that the Touch controllers might come with one), and run a USB cable from the camera to your PC. If things are what they seem to be in the video, the CV1 tracking camera's FOV must be enormous. I was expecting it to be wider than Crescent Bay, but nothing like that.
Good question. Could also be to avoid people noticing light leakage around the nose or something, I guess.
Ask [Kanye West](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a8ceq/kanye_west_latest_celebrity_vr_convert) for his impressions, maybe? (Or just wait for the next [tech awards ceremony](https://imgflip.com/i/n7c3w).)
I'm afraid I can't remember where exactly, but an Oculus member said either here or on the Oculus forums that the current GearVRs would continue to be supported after things went full consumer so to speak, and it's been recommended to developers that they try to support all models.
At least one person said you can hold the controller that way while otherwise opening your hand completely.
I [agree](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a28mp/mark_reign_the_oculus_touch_was_truly_ground/cs8p3zh?context=3) (the pictured hand strap looks like it could still fly off if you were waving your hands around, though, so it might need some adjustments). There'd probably still be time for them to change something like that at this point. If not, though, the controller looks as if it'll be great anyway.
Just adding to that: GreenManGaming has frequent ~25% off coupons (for Steam keys). See also isthereanydeal.com
I couldn't even locate the original GameStar piece (maybe it was in their print magazine but not online? Or they pulled it offline? Or I just missed it) to check whether they give any source for the information. It's pretty-much just rumour at this point.
I wonder how they'll handle things like Unity integration?
Ah, thanks! They attribute the info to Jeff Gatis of HTC. Assuming it's not a misunderstanding (on either GameStar or HTC's part), it seems legit. Edit: Here's the Google Translated excerpt for anyone interested: &gt; Although Steam is making great efforts, with steamos to push its own Linux-derivative as a gaming operating system in the market that will initially work exclusively with Vive Windows. Steam boxes were always too slow for the Vive-VR, Gattis smirked mischievously, you prefer to concentrate on the Windows operating system.
[Cow towing.](http://compasscayman.com/uploadedImages/caycompass/2014/09/12/Cow-Tow.jpg)
Unfortunately, wild speculation is an unforgivable crime here on /r/oculus. You are forever banished lest your unprecedented example influence others of our innocent and blameless society.
Ah, sorry, I was only meaning when untethered. Sounds like it uses the Cardboard SDK for now at least.
What will help Gear VR will likely be the full consumer release expected later this year.
Pretty unfortunate that Scorched Battalion crashed. I guess the combination of the phone already starting to overheat plus the WiFi streaming video capture was too much for it.
No update to the Unity integration package with this version. I wonder if they intend to keep providing a standard package in addition to one that works with native Unity VR support?
GirlVR's post is good and constructive and overall I agree with both you and her. Just wanted to throw in some related thoughts. When I first learned electronic games existed at the age of four ^((possibly three)^), I was intensely interested and basically thought of little else for some time ^((or, arguably, "from then on")^). Nobody needed to market them to me -- they were in fact Nintendo Game &amp; Watch games owned by female relatives and, with the possible exception of Donkey Kong, were fairly gender-neutral: spray insects to protect your greenhouse, move washing lines to avoid raindrops falling on your washing. Preventing me from attempting to involve myself with these sorts of things would have been a difficult task without killing me. I found I was able to sense the high-pitched sound of an arcade machine's CRT screen at considerable distances. After eventually managing to get hold of a second-hand Vic 20 from another relation, if the type of games I wanted to play didn't exist I attempted to create them ^(with varying, but mostly low, levels of success). Early on, being known to even own a computer actually attracted a level of social stigma at my school. When I heard of VR, I had a strong compulsion to try it that basically lasted 20+ years. Now, it's very obvious that not all males react this way (though afaik many of the first computer games were created by those who did), and there are women and girls who do have the same kind of reaction as me. Some of those girls will have been opposed by sexism on the part of their parents/guardians and, with some effort, prevented or deterred from pursuing their interest. My point is simply that if people are really strongly interested in something, it's not always easy to put them off with scattered insensitive comments or vague social expectations, as bad as some of those things may be. /u/girlvr and others in this thread are examples of that. I myself see things that I find offensive or disagreeable with some frequency in the regions of the Internet I frequent, and I don't expect that will ever change. None of this means there aren't serious problems that need to be fixed, I just don't think they are the sole, or necessarily even the main, cause of the lower average interest among some groups. From both a personal and a business perspective I'd love to get all demographics more interested in the things that interest me, but I don't see changing anyone's inclinations regarding VR as a moral imperative. ^(Edited for typos.)
Essentially it's because very little research has been done and nobody is sure that it *couldn't* cause damage. If anything the research I've heard of (on primates) suggested it would be unlikely to cause permanent damage even with extreme, long-term use, but I wouldn't want to try it. It shouldn't be any worse than watching a 3D movie on a screen, though. As far as I know the occasional *short* session is less likely to cause harm than a lot of other things kids do.
Sounds great! Hopefully sales will pick up again when the consumer Vive and Rift are released.
An expanded Arpeture Science experience is rumoured, and seems plausible, but I haven't seen any actual evidence. I'd think they'll be likely to officially announce more software when preorders open, if not earlier, so if there's no word of it by then it probably isn't happening (anytime near the launch date at least).
A better question might be how many will run well enough on a laptop.
Still presumably easier to arrange some form of battery pack than try to roll your own positional tracking system for CV1, though. Anyone know whether it was confirmed that CV1 runs off USB3.0 power only, by the way? I thought I heard it did, but can't remember where if so.
Ah, apologies, I must have misread it. Post deleted to avoid misleading people.
I was just taking FRAGZILLAZ' word for it. Fictional characters, idol groups, and a segment of female j-pop bands, then :p.
If it's not discrete, it's probably not technically a "card".
When people talk about chargebacks they're usually talking about a service provided by credit/debit card companies. As far as I know, reversing a bank payment is probably complex in any country.
&gt; ...stereopsis (binocular disparity) is ... still effective up to ~65 meters... That's pretty impressive. I would have expected far less.
Sadly, the cancer spread to this thread via the hyperlink shortly before you arrived, and you have contracted it by posting here. You have approximately twelve minutes left to live.
&gt; I think that's the point. The Palmer in the video really does sound honest, the Palmer that tries to sell us on the Xbox gamepad idea during the last six months, does not. He's probably sounded less frank and direct by comparison, but I'm not sure what he's said since has sounded dishonest or particularly contradicted his earlier statement. He's basically said the XBox One controller is one of the all-time best traditional controllers, that most VR software developed over the last couple of years has been designed for a traditional controller and they can't betray those developers and abandon that high-quality content. None of that means a traditional controller is well suited to VR overall.
The main issue would be in delaying the headset until Touch is ready.
Also abnormally contagious.
I'd still keep an eye out during CES announcements, personally, just to be on the safe side. I wonder what the chances are of a pre-CES announcement, though? If there is one, probably it would be more likely to announce the pre-order date than immediate pre-orders (maybe?)
Not a problem.
If they meant two dozen rather than "around two dozen" or "at least two dozen", it's exactly 24. ^(Assuming they're not bakers, that is.)
It's still quite possible some of them might not be ready for the launch. Some were probably started later than others, for one thing, and some of them are Touch games. Anyway, though it may not make total logical sense, having some high-profile new games releasing occasionally throughout the hardware's lifecycle has some advantages over them *all* being available from the start.
&gt; What about the rest HMDs? ([At 1:02.](http://youtu.be/8SyD9phcids))
As others have mentioned, they'll definitely have some form of marketing campaign and already do some types of marketing now, but I was also wondering about what sort of mainstream marketing they plan to do. I.e. will they try to sell a mainstream audience on buying Oculus Ready PCs etc., or just focus on hardcore-ish gamers and tech enthusiasts for the first generation, relying on word of mouth to expand the audience a bit (or at least create a buzz that's useful long-term)?
You can try to get hold of Razer Hydra controls second-hand, but probably PS Move controllers would be better. Someone made a hacked PC driver for those, but I haven't tried it myself. Oculus is sending out Touch dev kits to developers working on promising Touch content. You probably need to sign some stuff so I don't know how it would work for a school, but it's probably worth a try getting in touch with them. Not sure who the correct contact would be, but you could try Callum (dev relations).
Being chosen to receive a free $600 dev kit makes a much bigger than $600 difference to developers if they can't buy a dev kit otherwise. It can be the difference between being able to develop something or not, in some cases.
The 780 (esp. overclocked) is pretty close to the recommended 970. I'd try it out and see how it goes. Then if performance is acceptable in the games you want to play, you can at least wait until new cards are released before upgrading.
VR will likely continue to take big leaps forward for a few generations yet, with each previous generation becoming largely obselete. If you can stand it, though, feel free to at least hold off for a while after the launch, see what's available and what the combined cost is, find somewhere to try it out before buying, and make your decision then.
Out of interest, what were some of the main mistakes from phase three from your perspective?
I also didn't actually pay much attention to the timing of announcements at previous shows. Is there a reason you think they'll wait until after press day?
Seems very plausible to me. Something relating to the camera always seemed like the simplest answer, but on the other hand many of us were already expecting something along these lines since the Vive was first shown with two cameras, and especially after HTC said it would track moving objects like pets some time back, so who knows.
I'll stick with early March. Not based on any special knowledge, though, just a guess.
The Re Vive thing was admittedly started by HTC, e.g. http://www.htc.com/cn/re/re-vive/ And it's not much less reasonable to call it a Valve product than to call Gear VR an Oculus product.
Maybe tagging would solve this, come to think of it. People who want only Oculus news could filter for the appropriate tags (possibly? Don't know much about Reddit tags).
Certainly not yet. Most VR games don't currently support SLI. Maybe later it will be worthwhile, but by that time 980s will probably be cheaper if nothing else.
ATW could be applied to non VR games, and techniques like instanced stereo rendering and multi-res shading (when not used with foveated rendering) mostly act to drag back some of the performance that's lost with high-FOV stereo rendering, but in theory foveated rendering really could make VR games less computationally intensive than non-VR games. Potentially far, far less. One thing that could change that would be if a really good eye tracker could be placed on top of or built into a normal monitor, and used for foveated rendering that way, but it seems like super-accurate super-high-FPS eye tracking should be easier with a camera fixed next to your eye than 2-3 feet away at a range of angles in uncertain lighting conditions. It'd also basically mean only one person could watch the screen at a time.
It's hard to guess what sort of info he'd accept. There are hardware impressions on a lot of mainstream sites, and there'll be a lot more from CES in a week from now, if that helps. While there may be issues with stock I doubt it'll be anything like the dev kits, so it may not take much longer if you don't pre-order early or possibly even if you don't preorder at all.
As far as I know Samsung should accept four dead pixels as a warranty issue. &gt; Every single VR HMD I have owned (four) has had dead pixels. This sounds like terrible luck :(.
For Lunar Flight, try switching to the Beta branch in Properties. I think it shows up as "Lunar Flight DK2" for me iirc.
That's a really interesting interview. He talks about some more advanced techniques like essentially TimeWarping the background environment every second frame to upsample it from 30fps to 60fps but genuinely rendering characters at 60fps on top of that.
([Link.](https://vrjam.devpost.com/submissions))
Thanks Will. I wonder what Dassault were intending to show with that image, in that case? Some sort of concept image maybe?
Just remember to enable the Turbo switch.
CES announcement: Pre-orders to launch one week prior to the last day of March!
Closest to the source I see is [here](http://www.pcgamer.com/oculus-rift-price/). I thought I'd actually seen the video of this interview and that in context it wasn't quite as they describe it, but I could be mistaken.
There's /r/oculusdev but it's pretty ghosttowny. Most dev discussion seems to be on the Oculus Forums. P.S. Someone posted [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zapib/if_you_are_a_unity_vr_developer_or_want_to_learn/) today.
Check SMS Racing from the VR Jam.
He says "Every year, I take on a personal challenge to learn new things and grow outside my work at Facebook. ... This should be a fun intellectual challenge to code this for myself", so I wasn't thinking he was planning to allocate a lot of manpower to it.
&gt; The DK2 camera actually still has the filter in place I was told they had an IR-passing filter on it. Is that on top of the colour filter?
They accepted PayPal for DK2 orders, so it's fairly likely.
I agree, but it sure looks like a speaker. Must be something.
&gt; Above $400 (per comments from Palmer) Are you saying there was a specific comment where he said it would be above $400, or that various comments seem to be generally implying it?
"Please enter your credit card information. The appropriate amount will be charged prior to shipping."
An Xbox controller is bundled with the Rift, shipping sometime before the end of March (exact release date coming in &lt;48 hours). The "controller" Soapinmouth was referring to is a pair of tracked hand controllers allowing you to reach into the virtual world and interact with things essentially naturally. Oculus has Oculus Touch coming in the second half of this year, and Vive is due to launch bundled with similar controllers in April.
Your description sounds about right. Palmer also says they want to work with manufacturers to add support for the "good" headsets on the Oculus Platform/Store after the Rift launch, but that it's out of their hands if the other party doesn't want to cooperate.
Maybe they'll say something about that at CES. You could also ask Palmer in his upcoming AMA if you want.
Yay!
I feel the same way within reason, but exactly this sort of thing caused a lot of outrage on /r/Vive, and just a couple of weeks ago I saw one guy accusing the mods here of having accepted bribes from Oculus because their Connect applications were apparently approved. Some people are very zero-tolerance about this stuff. Could end up being more trouble than it's worth. Thankfully, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zgoyg/the_lets_all_throw_down_and_buy_the_skint/) seems to have worked out well.
As far as I've seen it seems to get less credit than it deserves for having essentially invented the modern RTS genre (and for having been Command &amp; Conquer three and a half years before Command &amp; Conquer).
Yup, and two and a half years before the first Warcraft game. Warcraft wasn't as clone-y as C&amp;C (which is nonetheless a great game in its own right -- not disparaging it), but it still uses the same basic elements and principles. Edit: Then as they move on to Starcraft it gets closer to Dune II if anything.
So... Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
Note that older software that hasn't been compiled with recent runtime versions presumably won't work. The relevant developers would need to release updates.
I could be remembering this wrong, but I think for DK2 there was the option of a $50 deposit via PayPal or no deposit via credit card.
&gt; Sports scores on TV during a match Is this even something people want from AR?
The 980M doesn't appear to be all that far off a desktop 970 in benchmarks and might potentially meet Palmer's "over 9000" score recommendation, but the more important question is whether those laptops use Optimus (or some similarly problematic?) GPU switching not supported by Oculus. If so, nothing will run on them regardless of performance.
Unfortunately, I ran a Google search and found this: &gt; The EVO HX7 series also features NVIDIA Optimus technology Optimus laptops (which is nearly all of them) aren't supported by Oculus, and as far as I know the consumer Rift won't function with them in any way even if you otherwise meet the performance requirements.
If the 0.8 runtime works with it, it's possible that despite using Optimus it is somehow bypassing the related problem (by connecting the video cable directly to the graphics card?). I don't know a lot about the laptop issue, but I've seen a number of laptop users reporting they can't use recent runtimes and being told by Oculus employees it's because Optimus isn't supported. I was thinking that meant any laptop using Optimus technology had the same issue.
Ah, nice. So the problem isn't as simple as looking up whether the laptop uses Optimus, as I'd thought. Oculus had talked about the possibility of releasing an application to check people's systems for Rift compatibility... I wonder if there's any chance that will be released when preorders are opened? Despite what people say, the specs given by Oculus are officially marked as "recommended" rather than minimum. I expect they will in effect be the minimum to ensure smooth performance in every game on the Oculus store, but there's a good chance you could get by with a bit less in many games and think about upgrading after new graphics cards are released later this year.
I agree, though we should additionally keep in mind that [all he has](http://imgur.com/8tH0JdP) is his passion for VR, his legions of fans, his millions of dollars, and his youth. Completely deserving of the same respect and sympathy for another person trying to do their job - sometimes in difficult circumstances - as anyone else, but overall, he could probably do worse :).
And I decided to wait until after DK1 in order to *save money* :). Following the Facebook acquisition I actually suggested they consider doing this (not that it's a unique idea, and I doubt they saw the comment anyway). People thinking they'd made an investment and deserved a return were clearly mistaken, and Oculus didn't owe anyone anything they hadn't promised as backer rewards -- but that being said, if the Kickstarter did play a major part in helping them get their start and achieve massive financial success, it's a nice gesture to give the backers something extra. It should be good PR as well. To use an analogy, imagine your friend started a band and you encouraged him, bought his CDs, promoted his music to your acquaintances etc. If he became a big star, he wouldn't owe you anything, and demanding a payoff would be crazy. It'd still be a nice gesture if he decided to use some of his newfound wealth to buy you a present or pay for dinner, though. Oculus is a business and is under no obligation to act as anyone's friend, but many people involved with the Kickstarter essentially did feel like they were supporting their friends, and encouraging that is probably in Oculus' best interests to be honest. This really is a nice gesture on Oculus' part, and in a best-case scenario it's possible both parties could ultimately benefit from it.
They pay him half wages as punishment for not backing the Kickstarter.
&gt; We asked how a developer would go about getting one of those kits, but Mcree told us those details are still being ironed out.
&gt; HTC and Valve will be shipping out 7,000 Vive Pre systems to developers later this month. We asked how a developer would go about getting one of those kits, but Mcree told us those details are still being ironed out. *The developers that have already been working with Vive developer kits will have priority*. HTC confirmed that some of these kits have already been delivered to developers -- namely, those that have working demos at CES 2016. I wonder how many of the older developer kits were sent out, and whether they'll consider redistributing some of the old kits to new developers? If not, I guess the number of new developers to receive kits will be roughly 7000 minus [number of VDK1s in the wild].
Yup, from the [Tom's Hardware article](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/htc-vive-pre-first-look,30894.html): &gt; HTC and Valve will be shipping out 7,000 Vive Pre systems to developers later this month. We asked how a developer would go about getting one of those kits, but Mcree told us those details are still being ironed out. The developers that have already been working with Vive developer kits will have priority. HTC confirmed that some of these kits have already been delivered to developers -- namely, those that have working demos at CES 2016.
&gt; You're basically the guy that motivated Palmer to make the Oculus :D I am not a lawyer, but I'm pretty sure that means you legally own all of his money and possessions now. I mean, he wouldn't have had them without that motivation, anyway, right? Then a third sentence to take the joke even further in attempt to ensure that nobody mistakes the comment as serious.
If they put down exactly enough to buy a Rift ^(DK1), they got a Rift ^(DK1). Now, years later, they're getting a second, new-and-improved Rift for no extra money as a surprise.
The official info is that it will cost [more than $350](http://www.roadtovr.com/oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-explains-oculus-rift-cost-price-350/), and that the combined cost of a Rift and a computer system capable of running it well will be [around $1500](https://twitter.com/palmerluckey/status/680124132814528512). They've recently been dropping hints that seem to be preparing people for bad news on the price, though. We'll find out in less than 24 hours. Palmer said a company without major backing (i.e. Facebook) would need to sell the Rift for [$1000+](https://mobile.twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/680125746719805440). That would mean making enough profit to stay in business, not necessarily that they'd be making zero profit if they sold lower than that.
[Definitely higher](http://www.roadtovr.com/oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-explains-oculus-rift-cost-price-350/), in fact -- we'll find out how much in 18 hours.
Only if the developers have re/compiled them with a recent SDK. (The current public SDK is probably recent enough).
^(...and, optionally, reload it and use it to shoot other parts of the world...)
I took his meaning to be that they do have "awesome pre-order bonuses", but they won't use them to *lock people into* binding pre-orders with deposits. Edit: Wait, I misread the "no bonus pressure" bit. Now I'm uncertain.
1. Newer sets are much much better. 2. The latency and framerate issues you mention are the computer's fault, and would give anyone a bad experience.
I see there are things that could be taken that way, but then again, some things could almost as easily be taken to be making gentle fun of SJWs. For example, the game is filled with monsters who will kill you if you don't say the right things. ;) Seriously, though, most things in the game are presented with such good-natured humor that it seems to me to be difficult to take offense to them.
For reference, the subsidised price of CV1 (i.e. they make a loss on the sale, though I'm not sure exactly which costs are included) is confirmed to be higher than $350. At $400, the cost would be around $2,800,000, and that's not including shipping costs. Actual price revealed in three hours from now.
Not mentioned in the text but posted in [this image](http://imgur.com/jCz5Al0) : Oculus' reasoning here was that it is still functional enough to fulfil its intended purpose (allow development). I see how this is a problem for you, but with almost 200,000 dev kits in the wild and production having halted some time ago, they probably have to be pretty careful about replacements now or they'd be used up pretty fast. I can understand the frustration at being asked to run through an inappropriate troubleshooting process, but this is common to almost all big technical support teams.
Just worked for me now.
At the link it says "The hardware that powers your USB ports has known incompatibilities with Rift", so there's a possibility they've specifically tested with these USB controllers.
PSVR 120Hz, Vive 90Hz. Many or most PSVR games will run at 60fps and use "reprojection" (basically async TimeWarp) to upsample to 120Hz though.
I'm certainly happy with my contribution going towards the computer, but if anyone else does want a refund it seems reasonable to provide it given the unexpected change in circumstances. Some people who were expecting a different Rift price might now be finding *they* are the ones who can't afford it :).
If that was the case, the price of giving them all unexpected free headsets would have covered it.
"Roughly in the ballpark but higher" means "roughly in the ballpark but probably higher"?
This could have used an option for people who weren't planning to preorder in the first place. There's some percentage of users here who already intended to wait for Vive, for example, or to wait until both headsets are released and decide then.
Not me, though seeing the total after tax and postage ($599 + $50 + $132 = US$781) made the Scottish portion of my blood run cold.
[Not necessarily](https://forums.oculus.com/viewtopic.php?f=34&amp;t=28560&amp;hilit=usb#p314453).
Controllers I've seen people report as incompatible here and on the Oculus forums: - Etron USB 3.0 Extensible Host Controller - VIA USB 3.0 eXtensible Host Controller - 1.0 (Microsoft) - ASMedia USB 3.0 eXtensible Host Controller - ASMedia XHCI Controller - Renesas USB 3.0 eXtensible-Hostcontroller
I mean they announced yesterday that they're giving [every Kickstarter backer](https://www.twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/684395058070601728) (at the DK1 level) a free consumer headset with free postage as a surprise gift. Since CV1 is clearly more expensive to produce than DK1, this will cost more than the cost of every dev kit sold during the Kickstarter. If they were trying to recoup the losses from the Kickstarter, why would they (much) more than double their losses from the Kickstarter when there was no need or expectation for them to do so? Just not giving away those free headsets would have saved them US$4 million or so.
Me, though I admit the Scottish portion of my blood ran cold when I saw the USD$781 total :).
Pretty sure they're still produced in China. Where did you hear they weren't? It's possible there's somethhing I missed.
It's possible some part of production is now handled in the States, but I think it's probably more likely that someone was just mistaken. They talked about flying to the factories in China in the [Building the Rift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wml-yZqnQ8U) talk at OC2.
Oops, [info from illuzian](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zqe3a/59999_is_not_in_the_same_ballpark_as_350/cyoquhn).
Finally, free of that dreadful, vulgar riffraff. ಠ_ರೃ Now we just need taste simulation for virtual cheese-tasting parties.
Most of the people guessing below 400 before the price was announced simply hadn't seen that quote. The average guess in the subreddit prior to pre-orders opening was about [$475](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zprrl/476_is_what_this_sub_collectively_think_the_price/). After the price was announced, some of the angrier users just started looking for any quote that might reflect negatively on Oculus, and some of them have very low standards. I agree that it would be crazy to read that interview and come away expecting the price would be anything below $400, but I also think it's fairly difficult to read it and come away expecting $600. I'm guessing some of the costs ended up higher than they were estimating at that time.
And I'd thought [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zmj4x/palmer_luckey_confirms_cv1_launch_price/) had simply been trying to rickroll us.
It'd be really interesting to see a cost breakdown on components, factory costs, storage and transport etc., but I guess we'll never see that both because of trade secrets and because it'd provide opportunity for people to find fault with every design decision.
Apparently they're going to add it to the order history page at some point, and the estimate will increase in granularity closer to shipping. Palmer also said people's estimates might move a bit as they removed a bunch of fraudulent orders.
That's actually something different. Due to the way traditional rendering works, rendering a large FOV to a flat image ends up rendering far more pixels around the edges than in the centre of the FOV. As the FOV increases the problem is multiplied. For VR, you want the opposite if anything, but ideally an even pixel density across the whole FOV. Anyway, to get enough detail in the centre they need to render to a much higher resolution and then sort of [squash the oversampled edges down into a circley shape](https://cms-images.idgesg.net/images/article/2015/05/nvidia-multi-resolution-shading-vr-warp-100588178-orig.png). There are various techniques people are working on or looking into to try to avoid or mitigate the problem. In some of their cases a major problem is that graphics cards simply aren't set up to accelerate that style of rendering. Nvidia has [Multi Res Shading](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2926083/nvidias-radical-multi-resolution-shading-tech-could-help-vr-reach-the-masses.html), where they basically render the centre of the view and the edges separately at different resolutions. There's a possibility of rendering several views and then sticking them together like a cubemap. Raytraced rendering solves the problem entirely but can't currently be done fast enough to be worthwhile.
GearVR tracks the orientation of your head (pitch/yaw/roll, or rotation and tilt basically). Let's say you're playing a game like [this](http://devpost.com/software/scorched-battalion) or Tactera, where you're sitting at a table with some model toys on top of it. With the Gear VR you can look all around. It'll even guess at how your neck is moving, which basically provides a small amount of "leaning" (which is pretty great in itself). With positional tracking, you can actually lean in close to the table and look at the toys close up, lean sideways to see around one of the miniature hills, or lean down to look underneath the table. If you try that in Gear VR, your virtual head will stay in the same position in the virtual world (which may also feel uncomfortable since it's not matching your real head movement). Being able to move or lean around is less useful in some types of games and experiences than others, though. For example, it'd be very useful for a game in which you had to lean (or step) out of the way to dodge bullets. When watching a movie in a virtual cinema, however, while it might help a bit with immersion there's no reason to move your head about anyway. Just turning your head is enough.
Ah, OK, that's what I thought but the "amount paid to transport goods" thing did sound like a problem. Thanks. In that case, it seems like it would be nice to have the option to just import directly from China at Chinese postage rates, but I guess there may be problems with that I'm not aware of.
He's saying that $50 is GST (with a $10 discount for some reason). Apparently the order page's source code appears to back this up.
That would be useful for the cheese-tasting party.
The link took me to a list of comics. Found it in there.
Someone [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zxkgl/psa_update_your_usb_3031_drivers_with_links/?) suggests updating the drivers.
&gt;I bet this chaperone system was going to be in the CV1 no matter what Especially considering they said some time ago there would be a camera on the front to detect stationary and moving objects (including pets) and warn you about them. Something similar may still be able to be implemented in software in the future, potentially. Edit: Though if it really can't do depth sensing, I'm not so certain. As of this interview, the camera and its use in the Chaperone system appears to be confirmed as the very big breakthrough?
I was thinking that too, though they recently said the consumer version would still have integrated audio, which makes me feel slightly less certain (and more confused).
Ah, so it really is [mura](http://www.cormusa.org/uploads/2013_II-1.pdf) (page 17+) and not [moire](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moiré_pattern). Interesting how well either one fits the context.
Ah, sorry, I was in a hurry when preordering and didn't realise it was possible as a guest. I wonder if the lack of the verification email could be because their mail servers are still being hammered by pre-orders? My confirmation email turned up a few hours late, so if it's just because there's a mail queue the verification email might turn up yet.
Luxury private jet. [Exclusive luxury hype train](http://bigappled.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/EO_Train_bar.jpg)?
Norm and the Owlchemy Labs guys said the new Vive controllers are considerably less wand-like in the recent tested video, by the way. If SteamVR/OpenVR provide non-exclusive vendor-agnostic hardware support as advertised, you should be able to just play the Vive games.
(╭ರ_⊙)
https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zzlm9/hands_on_with_the_latest_infinadeck_treadmill_at/
They walk diagonally at some points in the video (see around 2:35), though it looks as if there might be some sort of problems with it at other times.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australasia
He talks a couple of times about the number of games that are going to be released next year. I'm guessing he meant this year?
He talks a couple of times about the number of games that are going to be released next year. I'm guessing he meant this year?
I didn't really notice the video, but they seem to be using a pretty interesting wide-angle lens (or alternately both of them just have incredibly broad shoulders).
Where was that info?
&gt; If you already pre-ordered an Oculus Rift, the company is promising you’ll be able to tack on an ‘Oculus Ready’ PC bundle at the same special price without changing your Rift ship date. Presumably there'll be more info in February.
You're right that this wouldn't magically work without multi-camera support being implemented, but they've said that it is implemented already (presumably in the 1.0 SDK). They gave rather the impression that there's no theoretical limit on the number of cameras, but 3 and 4 were specifically mentioned iirc.
Always without, I'd think. Since it's in USD and probably aimed at the US more than anywhere, which state's tax amount would it include?
I was thinking the same thing when I saw the triangle, but I didn't realise about the O shape. You could almost imagine it as some designer's joke.
In February I guess.
Posted a related [question suggestion](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zrr4w/oculus_vr_founder_palmer_luckey_creator_of_the/cyr5l13) for the PCMR AMA.
Palmer said it was a secret in a CES interview. Presumably it will be cosmetic. My guess is they'll be lime green to match the Kickstarter logo (and the pallor of us envious non-backers).
It's currently on special. https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4037v6/descent_underground_for_295_here_full_dk2_support/
What was the short film?
I managed to get in ~30 minutes after it opened for April. I thought the billing system was down entirely, so I only tried again every few minutes, but as it happens it probably would have been more effective to spam the submit button and hope for a random success. Anyway, clearly it could have been worse in my case.
What did you think of the camera pass-through overall? Any interesting details you noticed? How did it feel when it automatically faded in when nearing the edge of the play area? If you've tried Touch: How similar or different was the hand pose for holding the new Vive controllers? Were the grip buttons on the Vive controllers used for anything in your demo, and if so, how does using them compare to Touch's grip button?
I've seen some people theorise that the HTC application form available for &lt;24hrs was some sort of mistake and might not count. Edit: Also note that I applied for the original dev kit and never heard anything back, so it could be the same this time.
OSVR is a competing standard to OpenVR, by the way, though they have a plugin for OpenVR. The openness of OSVR is a separate issue to the openness of OpenVR.
Some people have said they prefer the innovator edition, usually for having better head straps. The Note 4 is the slowest compatible phone, though that doesn't always make much difference if the game doesn't take advantage of the extra power, and it supports anisotropic filtering unlike the S6. A few games don't support the Note 4 at all, though not as many as a few weeks ago. I think it may be fewer than 5 now(?)
I did too, but it turns out they're actually two unrelated words that mean kind of similar things. Confusing. http://www.cormusa.org/uploads/2013_II-1.pdf (Page 17+).
Short answer: No, even if the computer is powerful enough to run two Rift applications you won't be able to. If you wanted to do it as some sort of personal challenge just to show you could, there'd probably be an awkward, time-consuming, and possibly expensive way to do it poorly.
The trouble is: let's say they delay until the end of the year and add some impressive new features, leapfrogging Oculus. In the meantime, a large percentage of potential customers have bought a Rift because they're not willing to wait that long. Now, lots of people are going to want the new Vive features, but how many of them are going to be willing or able to pay the price of another HMD 6-8 months after paying &gt;$600 for the one they have? I'm not saying it would necessarily be a disaster -- some people would have waited, some will have the money for both, and some percentage of people would eBay their Rifts to people not willing to pay retail prices and put the money towards a Vive. I think they'd still end up missing out on a large chunk of potential sales in April onwards, though, from both people who couldn't otherwise order a Rift without a multiple month delay, and people who favour Vive but aren't willing to wait too long for it.
(Most people may have already noticed, but /u/TheTwistgibber just told me the mailserver problems have been resolved, by the way.)
I'm guessing here there'd be a wider range of guesses from optimists hoping for a good deal to fanboys hoping Vive fails, while there the optimist percentage would be higher and bring the average guess down somewhat.
Yup, sounds wise. I actually feel uneasier about the launch date than price right now, but hopefully everything will go well.
Since they've said they're planning to take feedback from the Vive Pre into account for the consumer version, it seems to me they'll already have their work cut out for them just getting it ready in time for April without new features other than the ones they've mentioned like integrated audio. By the time many of the new dev kits have shipped and developers have had a chance to provide feedback, there won't be a lot of time left for prototyping etc.
There were a fair number for DK1. The quantity could certainly increase though if sales go well.
I'd been thinking some similar things. Leading up to the expected 2015 release there were a lot of warning signs like HTC reps saying certain things were being worked on or investigated that you would have expected to already be locked down. Then after the delay many of us thought "Well, the second dev kit is probably what was intended to be the consumer version, but they found some things they need to fix. They'll ship those units in January while starting production on the corrected version." Now at CES you have HTC reps say they're still going to make significant changes to the consumer design (integrated audio) and they plan to take developer feedback from the Vive Pre into account -- all this being possible because of their great hardware experience. I don't doubt that they have impressive hardware teams, but almost none of those new dev kits have shipped yet, and even the details of how devs will sign up for them are "[still being ironed out](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/htc-vive-pre-first-look,30894.html)". By the time developers have received them and had a chance to provide feedback, how much time will be left? It seems like kind of a tight schedule even if they do plan to start shipping in small quantities. I hope everything goes well, but these just feel to me like the same type of warning signs from before the previous delay.
Good point. The new Vive definitely has relief settings, but I think CV1 just has switchable "facial interfaces" and a glasses spacer. If they were using the glasses spacer to be prepared for people with sizable glasses, that could noticeably reduce FOV presumably.
Best interview format ever. From now on, all interviews should be conducted this way.
If it helps to get people into their software ecosystem it might only make sense to keep hardware as cheap as possible.
Mostly, yes, though the Rift postage cost is unusually high to some countries (USD$132 to Australia), plus in Australia at least you don't need to pay sales tax if you buy something direct from overseas and it's worth less than AU$1000 (about US$700). As far as I know it should save something like US$100 to be able to buy it directly from the US (or China) with slower shipping.
Not sure, sorry, I'm no longer directly involved. Last I saw they were waiting for a Steamworks issue to be resolved.
If you're high in VR, you die in real life?
I'm not sure he has it exactly right. Pretty sure it was that they'll ship early (before preorders) in March, not in early March. It's mentioned in a CES interview if not elsewhere.
(That is to say, they'll be the first units to ship. That might be on the 28th immediately before normal preorders.)
Fortunately tracking cameras only steal the IR portion of your soul.
Mostly, but if they had no purpose they wouldn't be there in the first place. You'll increase your chances of occlusion issues.
Extremely unlikely that they'd send packages out on a predetermined day each month and do nothing the rest of the time. Different shipments may arrive in different local shipping centres around the world at different times, though, so it's possible you could see Rifts being sent out every day until they run out and need to wait for the next shipment.
Hmm, need to remember my login info.
Many members of the Valve VR team joined Oculus around that sort of time.
Not saying it does -- more fun to use tracked controllers. A working hack to use it for aiming could be incredibly effective without necessarily being easy for anticheat systems to detect, though.
One thing I'd like to know more about is the USB 3.0 controller compatibility issues. https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zrtgs/psa_your_usb_30_ports_may_not_be_compatible_with/ https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/401xtz/psa_not_all_usb3cards_will_work_with_the_rift/ https://forums.oculus.com/viewtopic.php?f=34&amp;t=28560#p314453 **Edit:** Posted a question about it.
I haven't heard it answered. They said they were going to ship the Kickstarter editions first but I don't know whether that means on an earlier day or not.
Then it would be good to know that for certain.
I did that [last week](https://twitter.com/Sven_Viking/status/684875679549149184).
Many USB 3.0 host controllers are [reported](https://support.oculus.com/hc/en-us/articles/215864697) as [incompatible with Rift](https://forums.oculus.com/viewtopic.php?f=34&amp;t=28560) by the Oculus Compatibility Tool. Could you provide any details on what causes the problem with those controllers (e.g. latency?) Also, is there any way to know what will or won't be compatible when buying a motherboard or expansion card? Thanks. Cybereality suggested a PCI-E expansion card known to be compatible, but it would be good to have more information since that specific card may be difficult or expensive for people in some countries to source.
In case anyone else is interested, I posted a question on the [USB 3.0 compatibility issues]. And also an unimportant question about controllers strapped to your hands.
Thanks -- It's just that the one specified card doesn't seem to be sold in quite a few countries. I'm guessing more than one card is compatible, so it'd just make things a bit easier and cheaper for some people if they were able to buy a different compatible card that's available locally.
I was just thinking that if someone really wanted to ask a question or provide info to someone in the thread, unrelated to these two questions, they might end up inadvertantly browsing it and posting through the np link after clicking through. I see that they have obvious notices on PCMR, though, so it didn't actually matter. The [USB question](https://np.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/40ea0x/i_am_palmer_luckey_founder_of_oculus_and_designer/cytidij) was just answered, by the way.
With a lot of trouble you could possibly fake the motion controller position input, though it'd probably be pretty easy to detect. I was mostly meaning for existing popular competitive games, though (on monitors). You wouldn't necessarily need an HMD.
I'd think it'd be better in the corners, but don't know from experience. The two cameras actually do a pretty good job of giving you greater than 180 degree tracking in most cases, by the way, so I'd think even three positioned well should give you pretty low occlusion.
Interestingly, Lighthouse technically is inside-out tracking, though not markerless. The Lighthouse base stations essentially act as markers. The sensors on the headset "see" light from the base stations similarly to how a camera would "see" light from fiducial markers, but it's a ton cheaper, simpler and more efficient than having to have markers everywhere or multiple cameras built into every tracked object.
Oh, good point. I wasn't thinking about that. I seem to remember eye tracking being used for airforce pilots in some way?
Just a thought, but technically, if eye tracking was perfect today the limiting factor would then be the rendered frame rate. If you move your eyes after one frame begins rendering, it'll take until the frame after that for the screen to update to match your new gaze location. So at 90Hz there could be something like 20ms latency. Prediction should help to some degree (i.e. guess where the eye is going based on acceleration/deceleration).
Possibly you could render the whole image in very low quality, then render the higher quality bits afterwards based on the current eye position to cut latency down slightly.
Combine the two technologies to create a flying drone that acts as a cable servant! That's one of the two problems solved.
Is that $3000 USD? That's quite an upgrade.
Make sure you can arrange enough USB3.0 ports I guess.
Also, because you can identify each sensor individually with Lighthouse, whereas with Constellation as far as I know you can only identify LEDs by a few preset groups, you can guess at positions or orientations with slightly fewer sensors than LEDs visible since there's no ambiguity. Lighthouse doesn't need a USB3 port for each base station, which would be especially handy if you wanted to use 3+ trackers (though Valve haven't specifically said they have 3+ lighthouses fully working yet as far as I know, just that they're planning it?) A potential negative that doesn't matter for now is that any tracked object must be connected to the computer, and the sensors seem to require more space than LEDs. So if you had some reason to create a small rigid accessory to be tracked, any tracked portion would need to have room for the necessary sensors and it'd need to have a wireless module to connect to the PC.
I was mostly thinking of something to track things like elbows and shoulders, and I expect that'd be a lot better than nothing without an IMU, but good point. A cheap lightsaber/sword/tennis controller (for the balance, and so you could more efficiently smash up your room and bystanders accidentally while playing) would still need a connection to the system for IMU data. ^(Edit: Actually, maybe a lightsaber would be balanced more like a Touch controller anyway.)
I'm just hoping postage will be cheaper for Touch.
(Edit: "In the wild" was probably the wrong term, I just meant in developers' hands. Nobody has sold a Vive kit second hand that I know of -- I don't think it's allowed.) In addition to past hardware for select devs, Oculus offers free consumer versions (possibly prototypes) to any developer with a project planned for release at launch. All I'm saying is ~1000 + 7000 Vive dev kits isn't necessarily more "by far" than 7500+ Kickstarter editions plus HD prototypes plus Crescent Bays plus CV1s to devs with software ready for the launch.
I haven't heard of anyone receiving them recently, and the numbers receiving them near the beginning were quite low. If you have information suggesting the approximate total number of VDK1s I'd be interested to know too. Vive signups closed in [August](http://www.roadtovr.com/htc-vive-developer-edition-signups-closed-hundreds-of-dev-kits-still-shipping/), with "hundreds" left to ship at that time.
Even if the statement was to ultimately prove incorrect, it's new information to me and it's unfortunate that this is being voted into negative figures.
I'm guessing this is mostly a difference between fully-funded exclusives and part-funded non-exclusives, with Valkyrie (as the first game they arranged to fund, prior to the Facebook acquisition) being possibly a special case. Could be wrong.
Someone needs to get a Gear VR over there. I expect a Rift with positional tracking would be more useful still. Does Oculus have a Director of Marketing That Conveniently Helps Humanity?
While all that's true, it doesn't necessarily mean there won't be a way to launch Oculus Store games from outside the Oculus Store, just as many Steam games can be started via their EXEs (but usually need the Steam service running). If so, you could add and launch them from Steam as an external game if you wanted to for whatever reason.
I agree, but some people *really* love Steam :).
Ah, thanks, [I see it](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/search?q=Baby%27s&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on) now. Apologies, I was just checking the Other Discussions list. In any case, thanks /u/frasernewscast for posting it as I must have missed it amongst the preorder-related posts etc.
Nice timing!
Try [Invasion!](https://milkvr.com/view/lC8GY8bywsu) in MilkVR.
Keep in mind any difference in tax and shipping costs when comparing how the eBay price compares to the new price. The scale of the difference is between DK2 and CV1 is also reduced in countries with high postage costs. E.g. $600 for CV1 is ~71% more than $350 for DK2, but $600 + $132 shipping is only ~51% more than $350 + $132 shipping. I definitely sympathise with your position, but in the end I feel that for several reasons I couldn't comfortably recommend that someone get a DK2 over a CV1 for development to save $250. Once CV1 is released and the backlog is clearing, it's possible DK2 prices will come down (though also possible the opposite could occur).
It could easily include DRM features for use with the store. The possibility of some sort of outrage over that, with bogus claims that it will affect everything, could be another small reason to keep it private.
(Just in case anyone similarly misunderstands my comment, I mean DRM features that would be used only for builds submitted to Oculus Store. Anything distributed outside of the store would be DRM free.)
There was a great DK2 demo with Razer Hydra support similar to that, but I've forgotten its name. You manipulated levers, looked through an IR vision scope to aim the cannon, etc.
Once you're feeling sick enough it can take up to hours to get over it, and sometimes as a new VR user, you can get very sick very fast without fully realising it until it's too late. Going back into even a gentle VR experience can be an issue, then, even without being stubborn. It's very possible things would have been alright from the start without the controller issue, though.
Google brought up [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/3lsig2/elite_dangerous_is_getting_steamvr_support/cv97h1g) if it matters.
Keep in mind Palmer said there'll be a way for people to buy extra sensors, so if you are wanting to try roomscale with a Rift I'd suggest ordering a third camera together with Touch if possible. As far as I can tell, three should allow you to set up 360 degree controller tracking without occlusion issues with the sorts of "fine interactions" Palmer has talked about. I'm concerned about what the international postage cost for a single camera may be if you can't have it sent together with Touch.
If SteamVR/OpenVR work as claimed, it should be supported by all Vive games. Rift games may be *designed* in such a way that they don't greatly benefit from 360 tracking, but they already need to support translation and rotation, to an uncertain degree since the don't know exactly where the sensors will be set up. An extra camera just means you don't lose tracking with certain actions -- developers don't need to support it except in gameplay design.
Congrats. Ah, good to see Classroom Aquatic is still active.
\&gt;$1100 Australian (USD$782).
&gt; The data from our diversified sources is intelligently combined, normalized, and [projected to represent the entire Internet population.](http://www.similarweb.com/ourdata)
[Slightly more recent.](http://lparchive.org/The-Secret-of-Monkey-Island/Update%2032/2-somi_1400.gif)
The execution looks brilliant. (...Which gives me an idea for a [new obstacle](http://etc.usf.edu/clipart/51700/51712/51712_guillotine_lg.gif).)
Gang Beasts.
Generally a [beat-em-up](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beat_%27em_up) is something more like Golden Axe, and something like Mortal Kombat would be classified as a [fighting game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fighting_game). I guess because beat-em-up implies that you're beating up a bunch of enemies concurrently, similar to shooting a bunch of enemies in a shoot-em-up.
&gt;I can't see the reason to go much bigger, unless you go really big, huge. [200' x 200'](http://vrguy.blogspot.com.au/2013/07/interview-on-redirected-walking-with.html?m=1) for redirected walking. Anything less and you're not a *true* VR enthusiast. Edit: Actually, it seems like Hodgson may have made some sort of mistake in that interview. He seems to be saying a "space with a minimum radius of 30m+" is only "slightly larger" than a room 25 metres across.
This worked for me with a 970. Easier than typing in each command. Create the file `Engine\Binaries\custom.ini` and paste the following text into it: sg.ResolutionQuality 100 sg.ViewDistanceQuality 0 sg.AntiAliasingQuality 3 sg.PostProcessQuality 0 sg.ShadowQuality 0 sg.TextureQuality 3 sg.EffectsQuality 0 Save the file. Start the demo, press alt-enter to enter VR mode, press tilde (~`) to open the console, and type: exec custom.ini
&gt; I'm not really that savvy with UE4. Me neither. I assume there's some equivalent of the Quake family's autoexec.cfg where you could paste them in without needing to execute it manually, but if so I don't know about it.
They say: &gt;To claim your free Rift, fill out the survey you'll receive from Kickstarter before February 1, 2016... If it's a standard Kickstarter survey, you don't need an email, you just need to log into your Kickstarter account and check your inbox, or the survey popup on the project page. If he doesn't have his password, surely you can create (or ask Whalerock to create?) a temporary email forwarder at his old address for password recovery? Even if not, Kickstarter support may allow him to recover it with proof of identity. If this works, I want half ;). ^(The dual displays etc. should make the division easier.)
If you decide to preorder you'll have a long wait during which you can change your mind. If you decide not to preorder and change your mind later, you'll have an even longer wait.
Do they have in-game voice chat working, by the way? It seems to make sense with the built-in mic, and they could do some neat stuff with it. Wing Commander/Star Fox-style popups, etc.
&gt; Additionally, HTC will make use of their breakthrough cardboard box technology to further lower costs compared to the ridiculously expensive Rift packaging Just mentioning for anyone not familiar with the topic, the carry case being "ridiculously expensive" isn't confirmed and largely just depends on who you believe. Palmer says: &gt; A lot of people wish we would sell a bundle without “useless extras” like high-end audio, a carrying case, the bundled games, etc, but those just [don’t significantly impact the cost.](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/3zt7ul/i_am_palmer_luckey_founder_of_oculus_and_designer/cyovz8j) If I understand correctly, someone linknewtab trusts privately estimated $80 or something(?) So people can assume ~$80 isn't significant to Pamler using things like the ballpark statement as evidence and believe the anonymous source if they prefer. Personally I have a feeling that if you looked up wholesale prices for a case like this you could find something cheaper than that estimate even without factoring in a discount for a six-figure quantity.
P.S. Also keep in mind that a similar carry case was included with the $300 DK1, without having been promised in the Kickstarter rewards. I know they ultimately made a loss on DK1 but I doubt they would have wanted to make an additional $50+ loss per unit just to add an unnecessary case. While the consumer Rift case may be even "doper" than the DK1 version, I doubt that multiplies its price, especially considering their current bargaining power and the quantities involved compared to at the end of the Kickstarter.
Well, just remember for later that it was a perceived implication rather than anything Palmer actually said about Vive. I'm not saying any specifc thing will or won't happen, just that it's unsafe to depend on things that haven't been said. I hope Vive is supported too.
Thanks. I'd actually missed that, but ~$25 sounds more plausible than something [closer to $100](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/41977f/oculus_packaging_vs_htc_vive/cz0khc6?context=3).
It has no screen of its own, so the only way to use your computer with it (via unsupported hacks) is to have a compatible phone as well. The Oculus Rift or HTC Vive have their own screens and only work with a (very high-end) PC.
Chet told ValveTime.net they had "one other thing" that wasn't the Portal or Secret Shop demo. The implication seemed to be that it was something nobody knew about, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's something larger than those demos.
Wow, I knew the wording used regarding the Valve Content Showcase didn't prove Valve was necessarily going to be revealing anything they'd made themselves, but I felt pretty confident there'd be at least one thing, even if it was just a new short demo, or an improved version of existing demos supporting all room sizes. With Valve being interested in VR you'd kind of think some group of people there would be wanting to make some sort of game past the demos they've already shown. They could certainly still reveal something when preorders open, but I'm definitely feeling less confident about it now.
It's specifically for press. If you aren't able to arrange something beforehand it's likely they won't let you in. IGN has been running a contest to allow access to ~~10~~ 20 winners.
Agreed. I'd already been prepared for any Valve game to miss the launch, even if they announced it as a launch title, but now it seems questionable whether they even have a VR game larger than a tech demo in active development. A best-case scenario where they say "we didn't want to overshadow the 3rd-party announcements by showing our new game here, but we'll be talking about it when pre-orders open" is feeling like insane optimism at this point.
With the camera directly above, you could still shadow the controllers when you moved too far from the centre of the room.
You can already do both in [HLVR](http://reddit.com/r/hlvr) (or could, back when it was compatible with current runtimes). Valve should pay them to add a teleporting mechanic or something. Pay the authors of an appropriate HL2 graphics mod if they want "remastered" art. Instant Valve game for the Vive launch.
Also PSVR and Other Hardware, maybe?
Shhh. What you mean to say is, "I don't think it could be done in a couple of months without a *considerable investment*." Just think positive regarding the chance of actually meeting the release date. Have you learned nothing from [HL2](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Valve_Time)? ^:)
Any method that makes the HLVR mod work would probably make vanilla HL2 work also. The mod itself is excellent by you need the Razer Hydra to play.
That ends up the same as a (high-quality) Google Cardboard -- i.e. a VR headset shell that doesn't need to interact with the phone, running Google Cardboard applications such as Trinus. It's true that you don't need to disable the Gear VR service that way, though. By the way, it's actually possible to enable low persistence for Cardboard apps by enabling [Gear VR's Developer Mode](https://developer.oculus.com/documentation/mobilesdk/latest/concepts/mobile-troublesh-device-run-app-outside/). Just remember to disable it afterwards.
Nothing except that you need to recenter, which is basically a super-simple form of calibration, yes. For Vive, though, if you have your room dimensions set up for Chaperone (and presumably the floor height), if a single recentering step is really all it takes you'd need to make sure to recenter with exact same position (including height) and rotation to make sure it's not misaligned. They might have some other step to make it easier. Also, if only one base station moved they could potentially recover without user input. Someone with a Vive dev kit might be able to tell us how it works currently. Edit: Oops, I should have read further in the thread before replying. [Someone already did](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/41lw7m/owlchemy_labs_sticking_a_lighthouse_on_a_wall_is/cz3e2jm).
When saying [the lighthouse stations don't need to be plugged in](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/41lw7m/owlchemy_labs_sticking_a_lighthouse_on_a_wall_is/cz3matc) and "diminutive, wireless doohicky", do you mean no wires at all? Are you intending to run them off switchable batteries?
CV1 runs at 90Hz, so 75Hz wouldn't help anyway. Your monitor shouldn't have any affect in Direct mode, though, and only Direct mode is supported now.
Thanks! If you remember what the email address was and email the forum admins with the email address and username, they can probably recover your account.
Plus it's (approximately) more than "maybe an hour of play".
Line of sight.
If the controllers never lost tracking while crawling, enough of their sensors must have had line of sight to one or more base stations at all times. Note that there's no way to know that was the case, though. You can't even see the virtual hands during much of the time they were crawling. In many cases a momentary loss of tracking due to occlusion may not necessarily be a big problem for gameplay. The IMUs can also still be used for orientation at least -- not sure if they try any positional guesswork when losing tracking for just a few frames.
Agreed! Things like software could also affect how well loss of tracking is handled, making for a smoother experience even if tracking was identical. Some people have performed some tests but there are currently NDA issues.
Yup, exactly. Not that that would necessarily become much of an issue unless it was a position you ended up assuming frequently in a certain game or something. If your arm just flashed past in that position, causing occlusion for a few frames, you might not notice a problem.
Even in those situations, assuming looking or bending comfortably, there's a fair chance the back plate could be visible to the camera, but it would depend on how high it was, yes.
&gt; and it doesn't have IR on the strap like the CV1 Plus the wider camera FOV will make it easier to set up, and if I understand correctly the effective resolution per degree is higher, which should allow for a greater maximum tracking distance if so.
Iirc Carmack said they could have used x265 for all the Gear VR video on release but they didn't get time to test it. Not sure what's happened about it since then.
(I was referring to the original Innovator Edition release, by the way.) Thanks -- so that's what happened :(.
Filesize (which also means there's less volume of data to stream to the user). They're basically reducing the necessary resolution by using fewer pixels where they're not needed. It would theoretically be possible to create a system that just streamed the faces of the cube the user was looking towards, but latency would be a big problem. Usually you're buffering hundreds of frames in advance. You might also miss out on some video compression due to compressing each face separately.
Back before the Gear VR Innovator Edition release, Carmack said on Twitter that he was working on something like this to compress panoramic images. Edit: [This one](https://www.twitter.com/ID_AA_Carmack/status/497541711313506304) and his tweets immidiately prior to it.
They said there'd be a very limited number. If you manage to find one in a store in April, grab it and immediately cancel your preorder.
It's also possible they could have issues with SteamVR if it switches to using direct-to-display mode as indicated. If so, though, hopefully it will just give them even more incentive to solve the base issue.
I'm not entirely sure about small text or distant details, but the reduced SDE and increased refresh rate certainly make it look *nicer* than Gear VR. The high refresh rate apparently increases perceived resolution to some degree. Obviously it also helps that you can usually oversample on PC vs usually undersampling on Gear VR.
I don't know if this is intended seriously or not, but if you were going to try for the Vive (which is certainly worthy of consideration), there's no need to cancel the Rift preorder until after you find out the price etc. since you'll still have months of time left to do it at that point.
If you're definitely using [this version](https://developer.oculus.com/downloads/game-engines/0.1.3.0-beta/Oculus_Utilities_for_Unity_5/), there must be old files in the sample project. [Here](https://developer.oculus.com/downloads/game-engines/0.1.3.0-beta/Oculus_Utilities_for_Unity_5_SDK_Examples/) are the examples for Unity 5.
Yup, no way to tell from the video anyway -- the virtual movements could come *before* the real ones if the video was synced wrong :). But modern hand tracking latency is incredibly low. Anyone know whether PS Move latency is any different, out of interest?
I haven't checked it out but I think the results are packed into standard video frames and then unpacked into a cubemap client-side -- basically all just a matter of warping and unwarping the video in a more efficient way so pixels aren't wasted where they're not important.
That page is probably out of date, though it probably shouldn't be crashing either way.
&gt;what logic would unpack them? The video player would need to specifically support that form of video, applying the correct areas of the video frame to the correct sides of the cube. It's quite likely they simply have six rectangles in the one video frame, like stereoscopic video has two rectangles in one frame and applies one to each eye. That'd make the client-side operation *less* complicated than the standard way of warping a flat rectangle into a sphere for 360 degree video. Edit: Again, as far as I'm aware the tool and the view-dependent streaming are two unrelated things.
This has been discussed before. It sounds as if having prescription versions of the custom hybrid lenses used for CV1 would be extremely expensive and awkward to arrange. The lenses in CV1 also aren't removable as in DK2. There's just the one set built in.
Not disagreeing, just mentioning because in that [image](http://www.roadtovr.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/wearality-sky.jpg) the ridges are so prominent it might scare some people: In multiple CV1 demos at Connect 2 I noticed glare in high-contrast scenes but never noticed circular artifacts from the fresnel ridges. It's quite possible that if I had looked for or noticed them I would then have become unable to avoid noticing them, but my point is just that they're not so bad that it's impossible to miss them.
Walking around a room in VR just looks like walking around a game world as if it was real. Using tracked controllers just looks like moving your hands around in the game world as if it was real, so you could grab virtual throttles and flip virtual switches etc. almost as you would in real life (except with limited haptic feedback, so things can feel ghost-y). You'd still be better with a physical controller for flight sims though.
They're two very different methods of using your hands in VR with different potential applications, but in my opinion Touch is far more practically useful. Plus there'll be multiple sizeable games supporting Touch.
Looks like it was [this one](http://youtube.com/watch?v=K2WmDszPe5M). Yeah, not trying to change any minds. I'm in the lucky position of being able to claim I need both for work, so don't need to worry as much.
If you did do the jump-cut movement thing you could presumably just run the player physics as normal but only update the camera position a few times per second. It'd probably make jumping puzzles very awkward though. (Edit: I wonder how it would look/feel with a subtle ghost-Gordon running just in front of you as you stutteringly try to keep up? Seems like it might allow for proper jump timing etc.)
I just missed the first 10,000. I was excited for the potential effect of digital distribution on game prices etc, but concerned about its performance on 56k modems.
The Witcher 3 is another notable one.
&gt; Personally I still like just walking through it all FPS style I like that too, it's just the vomiting I have an issue with :). Being able to turn 360 degrees in real life would help to some extent.
From statistics on that site, Chinese active users make up less than 1% of Chinese Internet users, making it about nine times less common than in the US.
Clearly Google *intended* to hire the Vive boss but a typo led to an unfortunate misunderstanding. ^;)
&gt; Throughout the game you find pickups that allow you to line the outside of your ship with various forms of cover – from worn out air conditioning units to [giant I-beams](https://baseballcontinuum.files.wordpress.com/2015/12/screen-shot-2015-12-28-at-5-40-38-pm.png).
If I understand correctly from previous discussions, currently they're rendering each eye view many, many times for different focus planes to make up the lightfield, before splitting it into two images for the two displays. Also, the resolution is very low. Edit: I wonder whether good eye tracking could allow for the same two-screen system to adequately fake focus planes without needing to actually render a lightfield?
Especially with tracked controllers.
&gt; A four dimensional Lightfield does the same thing but in four dimensions instead of three and it produces a two-dimensional blur instead of the one dimensional blur in the example above. Ah, nice! I was thinking about it in three dimensions and couldn't grasp how it would work. Now I know it's in four dimensions, I still don't grasp how it works but have more idea of why that is ;). Thanks for the explanation!
Try the Felix &amp; Paul Iceland video or similar. That's mostly all distant stuff. If they have an option to download or stream, the streaming version is likely to be lower quality. Note that 360 videos are viewed in a lower resolution than games, and games are (almost always) in a lower resolution than 360 photos and the Oculus Video cinema screen.
I've heard total VDK1s estimated as being closer to 1k. When signups closed in August: &gt; [Speaking with HTC, Road to VR has learned that some 400 Vive Developer Edition kits are out in the wild, and while initial batches of the device were small, the latest batches may number in the “hundreds"](http://www.roadtovr.com/htc-vive-developer-edition-signups-closed-hundreds-of-dev-kits-still-shipping/)
&gt; Not new in the sense that "valve had 10 titles with a 3 in the name that they've been sitting on and now we're going to unveil them". Though HTC did specifically use the word "unveil". &gt; and everyone is trying to convince themselves that there were 10 games that had remained completely off the radar? New Vive games which were previously completely off-radar are revealed relatively frequently -- there've been several just over the last few days, but most of them outside the Content Showcase.
Agreed, though it would be nice to hear they're working on something even with no release date.
Personally I think "Job Simulator 2050" would be less unwieldy than "the 2050 archives", but it's unimportant anyway.
&gt; if someone walks in front of me chaperone wont' detect them? In the current implementation, yes, though it's possible something may change before release. Currently the camera itself isn't used to trigger any sort of warning or state change, and doing so reliably with a single non-depth-sensing camera may be complicated. (Edit: Most people had been expecting two cameras or some form of depth sensing -- seemingly including Valve, and HTC's head of marketing, early on.)
Ah, I searched for Quill and it didn't come up.
For more precision: Lighthouse base stations arent actually sensors, it basically works the opposite way (with sensors on the headset sensing the Lighthouses rather than Constellation cameras sensing the headset LEDs), but the end result is the same in many ways. The point is the same, anyway -- that this is intended to allow positional tracking without an external unit.
Maybe they'll tone down the click volume now that the video's done.
The VorpX site says it's able to support DX9 games, so if it doesn't work the problem might be something other than the DirectX version. Only guessing, though, since I haven't tried it.
There was something a while back that made it sound as if they'd changed their mind about TimeWarp/reprojection for Vive generally, but I can't seem to find it. Not certain what the current plan is.
What sort of positions (height, mostly) did they have the Lighthouses in, by the way? A couple of people gave kind of opposite impressions from CES, saying Vive tracking was great but Touch had bad occlusion issues in Bullet Train demos. It's likely the difference is mostly just due to tracking setup. In any case, it's great to hear some of these sorts of impressions, since a few people who speak as if one tracking system or the other can see through flesh are setting themselves up for disappointment, and there may be some setup or environmental complications with either system that few people are currently aware of. I mean, both tracking systems are amazing compared to what's come before but we should still be prepared to deal with some problems or weaknesses. ^((Out of interest, Alan Yates actually did experiments with an alternate version of Lighthouse designed to work through flesh, and still seems to have some hopes for it, but there are many complications.)^) Hopefully the head-jumping-about-for-a-second issue will be able to be fixed in software, just by assuming something has gone wrong if the user's head appears to move impossibly quickly.
Yeah, store features and support for IPD adjustment, built-in audio and the proximity sensor are certain. Some basic social platform features (e.g. a Friends list) are likely. I'm just hoping they have Asynchronous TimeWarp working.
Definitely not a bad result, though to be honest I would have thought a few more people would be vaguely aware of what VR is from direct or indirect exposure to science fiction if nothing else. Maybe some of them are aware of the concept but not the term.
([Ilustration.](http://i.imgur.com/GqRTEkD.png))
&gt; Lucky is "hydrophobic", and cannot swim. If he lands in water, he drowns. How does this fit with the underwater levels? :)
I checked just in case. Checkout has no country option.
Regarding Touch battery panels: Did you see what batteries they actually use?
Thanks. Just interesting in a few ways, and fairly possible the consumer version could use something similar (though changes are more likely with the delay).
Excellent! They announced that the renderer would be released, a while back (GDC iirc), but nobody knew when it would be released until now.
The booth was probably designed by Oculus Storey Studio.
&gt; This is the set of scripts and shaders that drove rendering in The Lab. It is a forward renderer with support for up to 18 dynamic shadowing lights in a single pass with MSAA enabled, and it included the Adaptive Quality system that dynamically adjusts rendering resolution to maintain framerate in VR. Haven't tried it yet since it was just released, but in theory it should be equally applicable to all headsets. (On PC, at least. I wonder if it'd run suitably on Android?)
Ah, more info available [here](http://steamcommunity.com/games/250820/announcements/detail/604985915045842668). Note that it requires Unity 5.4.
This is extremely unlikely since several people are reporting the same thing, but could you check whether the IPD is the same on both headsets and whether changing it makes a difference, just to totally rule that possibility out? Could you attempt to check whether there's any noticeable difference in god rays between the left and right eye of each headset? I guess try to shift the headset around on your face a bit to rule out any difference in positioning between your left and right eye. One example wouldn't prove this either way, but if it's a random variation during lens manufacturing you'd kind of expect the problem to vary per-lens, whereas if it's a difference from one batch to another the left and right eye of each device would be more likely to match.
Hmm, so the question is whether some of the differences people are noticing could be related to the way their headset is adjusted or, if not, possibly even some slight difference in straps or foam of assembly of the casing? Apart from differences between Rifts, it would certainly seem possible there could be differences for different users, due to their facial structures placing the lenses at slightly different distances from their eyes for example.
For various reasons I haven't been able to check everything thoroughly yet -- I've had limited time and spent a lot of that showing it to other people. Generally it doesn't seem like I have any unexpected problems. God rays seemed about how I remembered (a bit annoying in title screens but other than that I mostly don't notice them when I'm not looking for them), and while red tint seemed quite noticeable on black backgrounds at first, it appears to have been a software thing (the logo for Oculus Story Studio actually must have a slightly red background, but once the logo ends the red mostly goes away). Pupil swim did seem noticeable when I looked for it -- it seemed to be on a similar level to DK2. SDE is visible when I focus for it but generally disappears when I'm just looking at the world generally. Pretty happy with it.
I just checked and I was confused about a couple of things for a couple of reasons. Essentially it seems like there is quite noticeable red tint towards fhe top and bottom of the FOV in dark scenes. They're visible in Lost, but the intro screen on Lost does not seem to be as dark as the Rift is capable of displaying. The black level isn't all that black. When loading it or restarting it, you'll see the screen go much darker for a split second before the scene with the "stand up" message loads. I don't need glasses in the Vive but the Rift must be focused further out as things are blurry for me without them. When wearing the glasses, the top and bottom of the FOV are essentially obscured, which makes the red tint considerably less noticeable.
Not ideal, but if you just want a shortness simulator, one thing you could try is incorrectly setting the floor level to a foot off the ground or something.
Compared to earlier (inferior) commercial VR HMDs, many companies could buy ten Vives for every one they need, never contact support as long as one works, and still save money. Due to the tiny market and low competition, commercial VR has traditionally been ridiculously pricey, often with a relatively low standard of experience.
Can I get your autograph? I loved you in *Darby O'Gill and the Little People*.
[Enough](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-cv1-positional-camera-efficient/) that it could make a noticeable difference once you got up around double-digit camera counts, but for most people USB3 ports would likely become an issue before that.
Even regardless of the Star Trek theme, this style of game is well suited to VR -- something where players need to interact and communicate in order to accomplish objectives. In many of the currently released multiplayer VR games there's little reason to communicate with other players, and as nice as it is to meet strangers in social VR it's not something that's appealing to everyone without a specific purpose.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4nj34s/digitalspy_accidentally_leak_upcoming_vr_game/) seems promising (hopefully multiplatform?)
~~It's just a short demo, but I found Mythos of the World Axis pretty creepy for a number of reasons. Contains nothing that could reasonably be called a jump scare.~~ Edit: Sorry, got my subs confused. It's not for GearVR.
[Oculus Rift](https://www2.oculus.com/experiences/rift/1221236131237268/). I saw people mentioning Dead Secret, Dreadhalls, Affected etc, but they're available for Rift also so it didn't tip me off
Woah, Turkey is incredibly interested in the HTC Vive.
They specifically claim it will be ["the whole game"](https://clips.twitch.tv/bethesda/GorgeousGiraffeNotLikeThis). Sounds great, and should give the GTX 1080 something to do. I just hope locomotion won't be too much of a problem.
All I know is I couldn't manage to pull the pin from the grenade (3:23) at Connect 2.
Just be careful. A few people on /r/Vive said they used Command strips and the base station fell off the wall e.g. a week later. (Might depend on the wall surface of something?)
Yeah, the problem is that if you use Steam master servers for matchmaking it'll only work on Steam, and if you use Oculus servers for matchmaking they'll only work on Oculus Home (so far as I'm aware). For example, the Steam version of Armello has multiplayer matchmaking, but if you buy it [on GOG](https://www.gog.com/forum/armello/steam_version_beta_test_for_gogno_public_matchmaking_on_gog) or elsewhere you need to use an external communication method to swap room codes with other players. A third-party server/method needs to be used for matchmaking to work across all stores.
That's also an example of how even two cameras/base stations spaced far enough apart on the same wall can provide something closer to 360 degree tracking than you might expect. If you held your arms out in front of you you'd probably be OK aiming in any direction except downwards. Still far from ideal, of course, and it'd be easier to occlude one hand with the other etc.
A traditional publisher takes the same risk, making a loss if they fund a game that sells poorly or ends up cancelled. As long as they're careful about who they fund, a few losses will be outweighed by profit from more successful games. Similarly to Oculus, Valve could also afford to spend some money now to make money later. Fostering a new market that they'll earn ~30% off in perpetuity would be worth losing some money over in the short term.
You'll be hearing from Street Countdown's lawyers.
This is essentially true, but it's far from certain that sales will increase proportionately to the price drop. If your product is genuinely priced far too high for the market, halving your price might triple sales. If not, and it only increases sales by 50% for example (or 15%), you lose a lot of money instead. While high VR prices could be thought of as due to necessity (e.g. even the max likely market penetration might not allow developers to turn a profit at a low price), what makes them possible is the lack of competition. With relatively few VR games available, people looking for VR games to buy are more likely to accept a higher price. This isn't entirely a bad thing, though, since if there was massive competition for the tiny market, almost nobody would make money and as a result they wouldn't have the reason or ability to continue developing. If all goes well, as the market grows, competition should increase, prices should go down, and developers should actually start making more money overall.
&gt; If they really wanted to fully commit to roomscale I see no reason why they shouldn't be able to add an on-board micro-controller to the second camera and have it communicate the calculated distance values over some wireless protocol Those were my thoughts, also. The Rift headset already contains a low-latency wireless receiver used for communication with the Touch controllers and Oculus Remote. While the dedicated image processing chip for the camera wouldn't be cheap, it'd probably be cheaper than some people are thinking. We live in a world where things like [this](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/chip-worlds-cheapest-pc-smaller-more-powerful-raspberry-pi-1500360) can be bought for $9 (not that this would be suitable for the image processing -- only an example). The actual pose calculations wouldn't need to be done by the camera (though that's probably about the least processor-intensive part of the problem in any case). The camera could just send the coordinates of any IR dots it picked out from the image, maybe together with appropriate weighting values or similar. It'd probably be more useful to do pose calculation on the PC anyway since it could cross-reference the info with data from the other camera/s.
At least in your example, "Puppy" would presumably make you happy. One out of two isn't bad.
I'm very happy to see this (and based on past statements, presumably Palmer is, too).
About fire minutes ago live chat told me: &gt; I have checked, unfortunately there is no estimate delivery date of the item yet. However, we are expecting the item in stock in next 10 days. I hope your rep is mistaken rather than mine, but I don't feel too confident.
&gt; NOTE: this only applies to Debit cards that have a Visa/MasterCard logo on them. If there is no logo, you have an ATM card that can only be used to get physical cash. (Or, in applicable countries, an EFTPOS card that can be used both at ATMs and for Point Of Sale purchases.)
He forgot his old password iirc. It also makes some sense now that he's no longer at id.
I am pro-grammer, but anti-spelling.
&gt; &gt; it cannot tell the distance of a single sensor from a single base station. &gt; It is an encoded signal, so it can use it. Also, angular would be the same thing, you get distance based on how wide each individual sweep is. You fundamentally misunderstand Lighthouse as it exists today. Seek evidence or check Alan Yates' post history or similar. (Pixel intensity isn't used for judging distance with Constellation either. Both systems essentially use triangulation.)
Facebook 360 *streaming* videos kind of solve the resolution problem by cramming most of the resolution into the direction you're facing. It's only applicable to streams since it switches between multiple versions of the same video as you look around, though, and they don't work well if you don't have a fast enough connection or are too far from Facebook's servers. (Still, the same sort of compression method could be used to concentrate resolution in the direction of a stage for offline 360 videos, for example.)
So you've found reliable data? Where? Also, what were the criterea for qualifying as prone to sim sickness? I have first-hand data, but nowhere near a large or random enough sample group to judge from definitely. Other than that mostly just online polls, the experiences of other devs and outdated studies using older VR systems. Oculus and Valve have done extensive testing but as far as I know haven't detailed the results (I'd guess for fear that they'll be misused by the press). Things are also complicated by different things making different people sick in VR. "VR legs" further complicate things because you have to consider who they apply to to what degrees, what percentage of people will persevere for long enough to gain them, what effect their first experiences or the desirability of available content will have on that, and whether people will harshly criticise the first sickness-inducing content they try even if they subsequently gain VR legs.
They said at one point that you'll be able to buy additional cameras for Touch, but have given no details.
Though if you have for example a very thin line or tiny object, rendering at specific resolution can skip it entirely, meaning that no amount of antialiasing will cause it to appear. With supersampling, more pixels are rendered and the thin line or tiny object will be sampled from, adding additional information to the resulting image.
I can't find it in text at the moment so it could have been in a video interview, but talking about back when they were deciding on whether to give [two- or four-camera press demos](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3wq6gk/palmer_luckey_confirms_that_cv1_works_in/cxy7mat?context=3) it was confirmed they'd had it working internally. [Here's](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-cv1-positional-camera-efficient/) an indirect source talking about how much CPU was used with more cameras and objects than the two-camera Touch demos. &gt; “Even in the multi camera demos, we are well under 1% CPU power, it’s just insignificant to do this kind of math.” Even when adding “more cameras and more objects, it is only eating up 5% of one core.” There are also the Connect 2 talks, but going through those for a specific quote is a major undertaking.
Just mentioning that while this obviously doesn't change the display's physical pixel density, in many cases VR software is actually undersampling in the centre of the FOV for performance reasons (need to render at a much higher resolution than the display to achieve native-level virtual pixel density in the centre of the FOV due to lens warping). That means that when looking straight ahead, each virtual pixel might be represented by one and a half physical pixels, for example (arbitrary example figure). So increasing the renderTargetMultiplier wouldn't just provide supersampling, it will actually reduce undersampling towards the centre of the FOV in many (most?) cases.
&gt; You don't know what the word triangulation means. Finding the distance between one point (camera or base station) and two others (LEDs or base station) based on the known angle. (Orientation is solved first in this specific case.) &gt; Lighthouse does because a sensor detects when the light pulse starts and ends, that give width. Width of the light source tells you distance because you know how light spreads over distance. We're back to "then why are three known sensors ambiguous". You say elsewhere that three are needed, Yates says five.
&gt; Nor have I, I don't think such data exists to be fair. Which is why no one should be calling either party a majority or minority at this point in time. Yup, not declaring anything definitely, just describing my own experience and info gained from other imperfect sources. Oculus and Valve have done considerable testing but I don't think details are available.
Thanks. Maybe the article meant to say hardware exclusives? And/or they know about some quote we're not aware of.
Only [joking](http://www.thevintagegamers.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/MI1_Stumpjoke.png) -- they actually just have one disc and a Steam code in the Doom retail boxes, leaving you to download an [additional 45GB](https://community.bethesda.net/thread/13384?tstart=0). A bit tough on people with slow connections or low data caps. 45GB would be 9 single-layer DVDs or 6 dual-layer (plus the one already included). If most of the space is made up of uncompressed audio as with Titanfall (30 of 50GB was audio), they might have been able to similarly shave off a few tens of gigabytes by unpacking it from OGG during install. (I wish they'd had an option to leave audio compressed in that case, though, since the performance difference is marginal on high-spec systems.)
Baseball isn't included in that chart, but it looks like a ballpark price wouldn't be pleasant. If I tell them I'm only going to use Touch to play boxing games, is there a chance of a boxing-ring-sized price?
This happened to a lot of people -- apparently they wanted remote access so they could paste a secret order URL into the customer's web browser. I had difficulty believing it at first.
Assuming your debit card has a MasterCard or Visa or similar logo on it, you should be able to use that as a credit card too, by the way.
Vox Machinae? Or if from further back (e.g. DK1), Hawken?
Original Diablo is best Diablo. (Well, maybe not for multiplayer.)
That's probably the reason -- by the time I played the original online [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Diablo/comments/5lkslg/if_this_thread_gets_1000_upvotes_the_design_of/dbwniqv/) had already begun, whereas I played D2 from beta. Still had a lot fun when I could arrange a LAN game and in the occasional Internet game.
You have successfully shown your devotion.
&gt; $͉̼̜̰̜̦̯͚̤̟̩͉͍͍̩̞̲̃ͭ̅ͯ͛̈ͤ̈̽ͫͤͦ͌̅͡͝1̡̞̟̦̦̤̤͎̼̦̬̹̏̾̊ͬ̀̌̿̌̏ͤ͟9̧͌̄ͣͫͫ͂ͣ̃̾̿ͯ̍̀̆̆̊͂́̚͏͎͎̺̭̮.ͯ̄͒ͦ͜҉̦͉̦̲͔̣̳̥̜͜9̨̼̗̹̣̯͈̭̯̹͉͔̤́̋̎̈͋͋̇̑̊̋̓ͩ̽̍̓͂̏͛͠9͂̔͗̄̎͒̇ͮͦͫ̎͋ͣͤ͜͏̤̝̝͖̙̺͖͔̙̠̭̲̩̩ Did you do that manually? It's a masterpiece.
(It used to mean a librarian who also cuts hair.)
Presumably to fit a Gear VR competitor, quite likely with Lighthouse support? I wonder whether Valve is as significantly involved as with the PC headset? As a standalone mobile device it presumably wouldn't be able to use Steam, but considering their recent focus on wireless it's possible they intend it to be able to stream games from a PC? Edit: Since this turned out to be from six months ago rather than a CES-related leak, none of the above may be applicable.
People have been claiming the Vive wireless addons add an imperceptible amount of latency, though on an Android phone they'd need to bypass a lot of standard Android stuff in one way or another or you'd be measuring latency in frames rather than ms.
(Assuming he has a compatible phone, at least.)
They're definitely influenced by Apple in a number of ways, but I'm not sure it's accurate to say they're following the iOS model with Rift. If anything it's more like they're following the OS X model (people need to enable a setting to use software that doesn't come from the official App Store, some exclusive software like Final Cut Pro etc. helps draw people to the ecosystem and keep them there), while Gear VR is following the iOS model (only App Store software is officially supported).
&gt; Using their store should absolutely be a separate choice. The Vive (and ever other piece of hardware I've ever owned) have no such strings attached. Not particularly disagreeing, just pointing out that when I turn on my Vive, a store loads. It may be possible to install and run the drivers without Steam, but it isn't made easy. By default the official Vive driver package installed two separate stores for me.
Monitor brightness/gamma settings could make the difference more or less visible in the screenshot.
I spent some time trying to insert it and other VHS tapes into appropriate-looking machines, and figure out if there was a way to remove the tape from the cover.
Scientologists don't plead the fifth, they plead the first.
So if I understand correctly: Rift: Not that important since someone else would have done it eventually. iPhone: Important because they did it first.
Well, for me with three cameras and a full-length mirror in view, it periodically thought the controller and sometimes headset were on the other side of the mirror for whatever reason. It may be guessing based on fewer LEDs with Touch much of the time.
[Here you go.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR7ubMdjl4A&amp;t=10m50s)
To smite your enemies, see them burning beneath you, and hear the lamentations of their queen.
I was personally fine with it when it was just the very occasional major announcement like "Minecraft VR has been released" etc, but they have been pretty frequent lately.
Still not much point in expecting a game to build support for a sequel if you don't allow for support to build for the game itself. That it sold out everywhere indicates that the property has advantages they didn't anticipate compared to other niche games where extra copies would be sitting on shelves (though to what extent may be difficult to estimate). (Edit: Also, ports of [classic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Legend_of_Zelda:_Majora's_Mask_3D) console games to handhelds don't necessarily need to be treated as [niche](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Mario_64_DS) games. An actual advertising campaign may have made a difference.)
I'm not sure how easy it would be to convince a judge that a basic suggestion in a public forum thread constitutes working for another organisation (not meaning this sarcastically, I genuinely don't know).
(Although just mentioning that we're not currently sure who these advances are actually offered to. The admittedly-few devs I've talked to haven't heard any details. It may possibly be a very select group.)
I seem to remember Yates (unless it was Chet?) saying Oculus made offers to many people on the Valve VR team who opted to stay. If that's the case I doubt it was targeted at specific people as a reward -- Valve had a great VR team and it'd probably be advantageous to Oculus to headhunt almost any of them they were able to. For someone like Abrash, it's unlikely that financial advantage would be much of a factor in the decision, but the chance to work on consumer VR hardware and to work with Carmack again must have been attractive.
Excellent! Confirmation also makes [this situation](http://www.gameinformer.com/b/features/archive/2017/01/11/searching-for-half-life-3.aspx) hurt a bit less.
If you're talking about [this](http://www.gameinformer.com/b/features/archive/2017/01/11/searching-for-half-life-3.aspx) anonymous source, rather than saying HL3 was cancelled he was saying it never officially began. Just numerous attempted, employee-instigated projects that *hoped* to become HL3 but petered out. Episode 3 was officially in development, of course, but at this point I'd be even more surprised by a release of "HL2:Ep3" than "HL3".
More likely than "2. He is hinting that it's canceled by saying he believes the source" is "3. It's a non-committal answer that proves nothing", imho.
Just mentioning that jajoe6878 is one of [martinlandau](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2pwu62/tom_forsythe_hates_poor_people/)'s numerous [alt](https://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/comments/5og1bw/there_were_a_few_employees_who_insisted_that_the/dck75kq/?context=6) accounts (often [used](https://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/comments/3wwpi0/want_more_information_these_quotes_by_alan_yates/cy1bce6/?context=6) for [impersonating](/u/geekmastervr) other people), so any information from him should be considered in that [context](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/1pw9jq/deranged_man_gets_in_argument_with_palmer_luckey/).
Or to put it another way, when asked if the source was legitimate, he vaguely cast doubt upon it when he could have simply answered "no".
*If* existing code is refactored and revised, yes. Carmack says he rewrote it from scratch, and knowing Carmack I seen very little reason to doubt that. When a reasonable programmer rewrites something complex, there are usually going to be not just cosmetic/structural but functional changes simply because the earlier experience has caused them to think of better ways to do things.
&gt; And that Carmack stole thousands of ZeniMax documents after leaving the company (which he admitted). Just for further clarification, the mentioned "ZeniMax documents" were Carmack's own sent/received emails, including attachments. Edit: Also, it seems he copied them during his last day at the company, not after leaving.
&gt; ZeniMax claimed that Carmack stole or illegally distributed code that was produced by ZeniMax. The notion that Carmack being the one who wrote it and therefore "owned" it somehow is false, that's simply not how the world works and it was in his (everyone who ever writes code ever will verify) contract that what he produced is the property of the company and not his. True, though "stole code in his own emails" may not necessarily yield a big payday if they can't show that he actually used it for anything. (Not saying they can't, that's to be decided by the court.) &gt; We know for a fact that Carmack did in fact perform that illegal activity, which is the basis for entire lawsuit. Carmack stealing code in emails is not the basis for the entire lawsuit -- they have many more claims related to hardware, publicity, breach of NDA etc. &gt; ZeniMax was responsible for Doom 3 in VR years ago, arguably the first commercially available retrofit of an existing title for VR. Doom 3 in VR was never made commercially available. &gt; They don't need the money, they want justice and due recompense for extremely illegal actions taken against them. This isn't a cash grab. Because nobody ever wants money they don't technically need.
This is about breach of NDA. If the code or executable was provided under an NDA saying he's not allowed to share the source code, showing an executable in action has nothing to do with sharing the source code. If it says something else, that's a separate question. --- Edit: The NDA in the court filing shows what seems like a fairly generic agreement not to divulge "Proprietary Information" of a "private, secret, or confidential nature", with a long list of examples "by way of illustration and not limitation". Note that Palmer *having* whatever they gave him is not the issue -- having it is the whole point of making him sign the NDA. The question is whether *showing* the executable running breached the NDA. From a quick reading it doesn't sound like it to me, since mere images being displayed by the executable didn't seem to be something that was private or secret by that point ("That was shortly after ZeniMax had demonstrated the device publicly at a Los Angeles video game expo with Luckey’s permission" meaning the basic functioning of the executable was already public information), but I am not a lawyer so who knows.
[Sadly:](http://uploadvr.com/palmer-luckey-takes-stand-zenimax-court-case/) &gt; Luckey was wearing a blue suit and red tie in the court room, a rare sight for the engineer
The whole device had been shown publicly by ZeniMax prior to Luckey showing it behind closed doors, though. Edit: And the article makes it sound like the questioning on the subject was entirely related to software. Difficult to judge anything much from these vague descriptions and tiny, out-of-context excerpts, admittedly. Anyone know when/if they'll be publishing transcripts?
Sounds like a solid theory to me at least. I probably read more into your earlier line: &gt; I don't think Zenimax is simply after money... than intended following related discussion higher in the thread. ("Simply" being the key word.)
&gt; Was Zenimax handing out executables to the public? No -- they were handing them out to Palmer Luckey under NDA. Palmer isn't accused of handing them out to anyone either. &gt; Bottom line is that Luckey used confidential material (the executable), without authorization He had authorisation to use it, that's why they made him sign the NDA. He didn't have explicit authorisation to *show* it, but as it had already been shown publicly by ZeniMax I'm not sure whether it still counts as secret.
Thanks!
&gt; That may not be the smartest move considering Carmack doesn't have one either. If they can't turn that into some sort of dramatic Phoenix-Wright-style comeback, Facebook needs new lawyers.
This is an NDA Palmer signed which they say was to cover the Doom 3 BFG VR demo and some other related things: &gt; - 32. ZeniMax and Luckey anticipated that demonstrations of the modified Rift would draw significant public and industry attention. In order to protect its proprietary VR Technology, ZeniMax executed a non-disclosure agreement with Luckey, effective May 24, 2012 (the “Non- Disclosure Agreement”). They're claiming he breached it by showing the headset to investors in a hotel room. ZeniMax had just shown the exact same demo publicly, though, so Oculus' lawyers are arguing he didn't disclose anything that wasn't already known to the public. This is entirely separate from their numerous other claims about John Carmack stealing his own emails, etc.
I don't know the answer, but just mentioning that most RE games involve a lot more shooting than clues. 7 is supposed to be something of a departure from the usual formula.
Sorry to hear that :(.
If they don't already, the Academy should really have an official rule that members see every nominee in any category they vote in. They wouldn't need to actually verify it, and I wouldn't mind if people gave up on a film partway, but voting for something in such a high-profile contest without giving any chance to its immmediate competitors seems unreasonable. --- *Edit: Seeing /u/Esteluk's comment, none of this may apply:* Normally members receive screeners - how are they going to manage it for Pearl? Considering the potential for advertising VR, it'd make sense to me for one or more of the companies invested in VR to spend some money ensuring as many members as possible do see it. I guess the cheapest option would be to send them all a (preferably pre-assembled) Google Cardboard and give them a download link, but something more convenient would be ideal.
Guess I might not see you around much in future, so, best of luck with everything! Thanks for your help earlier.
Nausea info is useful, but I do see that they could use a new way of handling it. I mean, think of it like a specific genre such as a realistic racing sim. For people with zero interest in the genre, it might as well be a 0/10 game, regardless of quality. It totally makes sense to let readers know they're not going to like it if they don't like racing sims, but it doesn't necessarily make sense to have someone who hates the genre review it. So basically they could do with something like: "9/10 if you don't get sick, but 8/10 of our staffers got sick playing it" rather than a single score. People may disagree on how that should translate to a Metacritic rating, admittedly.
Also worth it if you want to make any percentage of it a charitable donation (you can pick your own charity).
&gt; [Thankfully, it's a step forward for all games, not just those sold through the Windows Store.](http://www.pcgamer.com/microsoft-explains-how-windows-10-game-mode-will-improve-performance-in-uwp-and-win32-games/)
From [another article:](http://www.pcgamer.com/microsoft-explains-how-windows-10-game-mode-will-improve-performance-in-uwp-and-win32-games/) &gt; Thankfully, it's a step forward for all games, not just those sold through the Windows Store.
&gt; I leave my mic for my computer muted with a physical switch On that subject, just mentioning for anyone who may not have realised that both the Rift and Vive headset mics are accessible by the OS while plugged in.
I haven't heard any details on what those actually were (and the report I saw read "a tool"), but at face value it does sound like more of an issue. Even if there's no solid evidence that any of those things were used at Oculus, I'd be surprised if ZeniMax gets absolutely nothing. For one thing, the fact that Carmack was benificial to Oculus while he still worked for ZeniMax is pretty obvious and I'm personally guessing the jury will feel ZeniMax deserves something for that, regardless of the exact circumstances. (Not that my guess is worth much.)
I mean his own as in they were emails sent by and to him. I've heard that emails are classified as correspondence and not company IP in some states, but not sure which states or how that affects trade secrets or code in emails or attachments etc. Edit: Not important, but come to think of it, I wonder whether @idsoftware.com emails he wrote or received prior to the buyout, while a co-owner of id, are counted as belonging to the company and therefore having been purchased by ZeniMax?
(Once again clarifying just for anyone who doesn't know already that the thousands of ZeniMax documents stolen by Carmack were his own sent/received emails with attachments.) I heard "a tool" singular, but everything is filtered via news reports so if you have a different source it may well be more accurate. Edit: Had a quick look and the "a customised tool" source is ZeniMax' own amended court filing. Haven't seen any clue anywhere as to what sort of tool this was, though I get the impression it was a physical object rather than a software tool.
P.S. Do you have a source regarding the "physical documentation"? Sounds interesting but I've been having trouble finding mention of it in the ZeniMax court filing or news reports. Edit: So far I also can't find mention of Carmack admitting anything regarding the "tool" claim, just the emails.
If so, why not just include the information in the future comments you paste everywhere rather than the more vague "thousands of documents" which is more likely to make uninformed readers think of source code repositories than emails? In any case, I think you're getting a bit too emotionally involved in this. I fortunately don't need to do due dilligence as I'm not part of either company, but I find it all pretty interesting to watch from the sidelines. Since I'm interested in knowing more of the details, I had a quick look through your comments from some of the previous threads for the evidence or sources you mention, but didn't notice them. I could have simply missed the info, but are you sure you're not thinking of evidence or sources unrelated to the things I actually asked?
Yup, unfortunately that was the opposite of good advice. In the worst case you can create an aversion to VR and need to spend time just getting back to where you started. Take long breaks whenever you start to feel sick (even a full day if necessary), and it should improve over multiple days. Note that there may be a limit to how much you can grow your "VR legs" from person to person.
Note that there's Internet play -- you don't need to be in the same room.
I may have missed something since, but note that in the announcement they never said all of the most commonly-filtered subs would be excluded, just that "a handful of subs" users "consistently filtered" would be excluded. From that wording they'd be free to pick and choose *which* heavily-filtered subs were or were not included. As far as I could find, requests for clarification on this point in the announcement thread went unanswered.
we are ALL brendan fraser on this blessed day :)
Contrast and stereoscopy should actually be better in VR than in a cinema, but the resolution is definitely noticeable. Audio is of course a different subject.
Plus differently-sized hands might put the buttons in slightly more or less awkward positions. Also not necessarily impossible that some controllers' grip buttons could be a bit stiffer than others.
This doesn't sound so implausible when you consider that the other recently-announced Mario crossover apparently [features](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqH-iwA0ZmU&amp;t=1m26s) suicide bombers, remotely-detonated kill-drones and player characters employing heavy weapons to lay down suppressing fire from entrenched positions.
Looking forward to it also. I hadn't previously realised how much I wanted a Mario-themed XCOM game.
The world is [quite different](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rPUmhcwhZU) now. There are no more elephants. There is no more unethical treatment of elephants, either.
&gt; You sign over your hippocampus in the EULA. This doesn't make a difference me since I already can't afford to pay university fees for my hippos. :(
[Only reasonable explanation.](https://www.google.com.au/search?q=lettuce+cups&amp;num=50&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=en-au&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiwofmv6cTUAhUHv5QKHXGgC3IQ_AUICSgB&amp;biw=568&amp;bih=232#imgrc=_)
&gt; [Wilton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maureen_Wilton) was coached by Thian "Sy" Mah. Mah would complete his first marathon that day, then go on to set a Guinness World Records mark for the most lifetime marathons. Invited by Mah, Kathrine Switzer also ran the marathon that day - only sixteen days after her historic run at the Boston Marathon. Wilton reportedly told Switzer that she was interested in The Monkees more than running. &gt; Wilton stopped running at the age of 17. As an adult, Wilton works in the financial industry, has two children, and is married (now known as Maureen Mancuso). Only when her daughter began competitive running did Wilton take up the sport again. She and Switzer ran another marathon together in Toronto in 2010, the reunion documented by John Chipman in a CBC Radio documentary entitled "Did my Mom ever Run?"
[Slavery in Haiti](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_Haiti#French_Saint_Domingue_.281625.E2.80.931789.29) came considerably closer, sadly.
Unfortunate that they didn't show an example of the feature in action.
He probably just followed [Cumberbatch](https://images.moviepilot.com/images/c_limit,q_auto:good,w_600/wibbly-wobbly-spockian-theories-is-spock-a-descendant-of-sherlock-holmes-logical-or-jpeg-231435/is-spock-a-descendant-of-sherlock-holmes-logical-or.jpg) into one of the recent movies.
Interesting, it's still available for me. I guess it's region-specific. Here's a [shorter version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXqFZOMgr9U).
Thanks, I'll try that. It would limit you in reaching to grab things (and presumably take more time to throw them in any direction), but the benefit in being free to do so without fear, and in avoiding damaged controllers and hands, would likely make up for that.
They had intended to name him [Tiger-Horse](https://www.imgur.com/gallery/I3kxL7J)...
With Varjo's new, patented Display Multiplication Technology, 1080p * 1080p = 1166400p! ^Presumably.
&gt; **Bryce M:** Those the new Vive controllers? &gt; **Cloudhead Games:** The new *SteamVR* controllers, yeah! Makes sense, but still mildly interesting.
I wonder if they could use something kind of like a MEMS mirror? Could they possibly tilt the tiny lens rather than the larger beam splitter?
&gt; **Female host:** ...I think it's fair to say that we probably don't have an Ace Combat specialist on staff, so-- &gt; **Male host:** But you've locked on there and fired a torpedo.
Reminds me of Dave Allen on teenagers getting tattoos: (not verbatim) &gt; If you scribbled something on yourself in pen ten years ago, would you want it to still be there today? Of course not. You were an *idiot* back then. The thing is, you're still an idiot now but it's going to take you another ten years to realise it.
Though they were originally working on AR, and switched focus to VR shortly after Carmack showed off Palmer's duct-tape prototype at e3.
Like /u/Leviatein says it can be difficult to provide evidence of non-existence, but [here's](https://uploadvr.com/fake-news-happens-reporting-palmer-luckey-nimble-america/) an investigation of the situation by the author of Console Wars. There's no primary source for the group he funded doing or creating anything other than that one meme being put up on two billboards. The stated purpose of the group itself was "shitposting in real life" by funding memes on billboards. Then someone said something like "white supremacist and racist memes on websites such as Reddit" and everyone repeated it. Palmer has denied it and nobody has been able to find any basis or shred of evidence for it, but it's difficult to provide evidence for something's non-existence. E.g. can you prove that you have never generated white supremacist and racist memes? I have absolutely no reason to think you have, but if I wanted to I could probably disregard any rebuttal you make as lies or inconclusive.
&gt; Although AR would still mean that Valve made a HMD before Oculus &gt;_&gt; (Maybe not before Palmer made his first prototype) Presumably, but yes, lots of people including Palmer made HMDs with varying levels of success (and almost none with consumers) over the decades before Oculus.
