-t13 (on add phase). -Unlock masterbook II for LWR so that i have 3 crafting jobs at max, ready for specialist. (MBII and Lucis). -After that save up as much gil as possible and watch market.
not stressin to hard about it... Pretty sure *most* of the new recipes will not be added to the "master" tab but instead a new 51-55 / 56-60 tab. But there is a possibility that they throw a bone to people who have suffered through MB's and Main tool grinds and put some higher 5 star + stuff in there so i just wanna make sure i'm ready for it.
Was at it all night last night... my static was really suckin on dps so we keep hitting a wall in the add phase. No doubt this is doable tho.
until you see dem alexander screen shots and your all like damnit...
The main headache with coil is the phases you never make it to for practice like post heavensfall in t9. But they are introducing a practice mode where you can select the specific phase to get better at... that combined with the story mode to introduce people to the basics of the fight will have much more people in the end-game raids.
why a new master tab when you already have three books under one? (MB I and II and demi book) And once we are top tier at level 60 those masterbook 2 items will not be so hard to craft, especially since you only need 3 of em... *and* you need to make nq versions anyways for supra. (whether or not the continue to use the blue main hand will make this a must or useless) anyways it's totally possible.
LOL glad to see that we are all not crazy... whats shitty tho is the world i was building (and still am) is almost the EXACT plot to the movie Interstellar. I mean i knew i was building an entertaining story/universe but damn i didn't know it would be that good if Chris Nolan got behind it lol.
really glad you went outta your way to do this. I remember reading something once about REM being the point in time which your brain sorts out all the shit that happened to you that day and stores the information according to useful (got a promotion today/long term) to not useful (got stuck at 5 red lights otw to work today/short term) Interesting that the norm for chronic smokers is a dodgy memory is supported by this study.
Some of the top people in the fucking DEA are still living in the 1800 when it comes to info on pot. [It's bad because it's drugs and it's illegal because it's bad.](https://youtu.be/sw2wjrsdZSM?t=17) When the eventual wall comes down (prohibition) and more case studies can be conducted... that's when we will really see wtf is happening on the inside because it most certainly has a negative side. Same thing happened with cigs... not even half a century ago everyone was smoking cigarettes everywhere, it was the bees fucking knees! But after the huge wave of studies, information, deaths, so on... we now realize whats really happening. Weed has never had this chance and has only been studied from a biased "how can we keep this illegal" stand point that only warp actual facts (as seen by the idiot who post something they didn't even read and probably walks around town spewing the same bullshit lol)
who are you kidding lol... i smoke almost every day and smoked cigs for about 10 years before i quite those. My ideas are not based off assumption, it's personal experience. I only compare it to cigs in this situation because of the sheer amount of ignorance when cigarettes were at the height of their popularity, much like the ignorance surrounding weed. That doesn't mean i'm saying they are just as dangerous.
and dont forget the glamor system for SWTOR... that shit was on point. I was actually just considering making a thread on the official forms asking for some of those features like palette matching the chest piece. I pretty much realized it was going downhill from the start when there was no dog-fighting space pvp... i stuck around pasted GS and enjoyed the fuck outta it but came to the conclusion that i was not gonna wait around for another 2 years for something that should have been there from the start.
uhhhhh they have been saying this entire time that HM alex will be on par (*almost*) with savage coil....???
How does MORE people experiencing the story diminish anything for you? Do you feel less special that the cut-scene your waiting is being experienced by more that 5% of the game pop.? I went into coil for the story as well... that and the t9 tank coat lol.
lol... when i consider the story of coil i would file it under must fucking know lol... it was never an option for me, and i feel that it has almost everything to do with the entire story of ARR. That shouldn't be behind the wall that it is... i see where your coming from tho. For your average raider there minds are set on BiS... and the never ending grind for best gear but i never really took this approach because skill trumps gear any day. The story was always my reward... well that and the t9 tank coat which i still dont have lol.
yeah which is the exact opposite of whats happening here lol
Pretty much everything i have seen/read on the subject points to this... the real issue being after getting through that thick layer of ice.
i think in a couple years of playing i only went up that chasm twice lol... that place was a bit much.
i think you miss my point... it was not gonna be the thing to revive swtor... that ship has sailed long ago. I was simply saying that it should have always been there from the start, and because it wasn't, and then took 2 years to get it, kinda foreshadowed the whole demise of swtor. I mean it is Star Wars... not Planet Surface Wars
the way transmuting works is that you never get back what you put it so i would imagine this would work the same.
woo... the way it rained down debris was terrifyingly awesome
there ya go... thats my kinda shit luck ;P
I am a father of 4... every waking second of my life is ran as though im a tank/leader stringing along a bunch of babies/dps while me and the wife/healer argue about pointless shit. But to be real, I only run end game with strangers if i am 100% sure i know every end and out of the fight... otherwise it's with the static.
USE THE SEARCH BUTTON STEAMERS!!!
+RED DYE {YOU CAN HAVE IT}
misery loves company... if anything else you must ignore him. Once he realizes he can't affect you anymore he will move on.
wow... i am really sorry. Since this guy has all of your real info (and 6 months of dedication to making you know how upset he is) i would call the cops. Might be hard because you might not have any info on who he is IRL but that does not matter, you could be in danger and it needs to be taken seriously.
&gt;DX11 is Microsoft, meaning no MAC, PS4 or PS3 users will see these changes, sorry! ^pc^master^race^git^gud^scrubs
I went to Cairns when i was living out in the marshall islands and saw a statue of [Capt. Cook](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Captain_Cook_statue,_Cairns.jpg) always wanted to know more about the dude lol.
pantera
Nael Deus Darnus - That bitch takes the cake for hardest thing i've done in any FF game, thus not only sticking out as #1 boss (monster) in FFXIV but also hardest in all the series.
dont. turn. around.
lets be real... with ffxv and kh3 on the horizon...
first song i learn to play on the bass... hits me right in the feels.
this is almost a day late lol but if you didnt know... i130 (or anything wayyy over the ilv needed) synced down at all is as effective as all white gear. So if you are a scrubby dressed drg with gear closer to the ilv... and it is pink or green you actually out gear us lol.
Here's the most fabulous [fomor PLD](http://i.imgur.com/9K6Dc9o.jpg) you will ever see! ^purple ^:P
not crazy enough to do savage lol
dont even need to get into the fact that shes is not the real challenge, the 7 people you can with are your real enemies lol.
market analysis.
needs more rng
did i just start a relic/zodiac quest? :P
Marshall Islands are missing... Several islands leased that are being used actively for missile defense testing. There will not be a single link ITT that will show all the bases.
i mean... have you watched the news at all? this place is fucked!
This was because of Walt Disney himself... and by default/tradition Pixar. Walt bought his mom a huge home after the success of snow white... even though his mom didn't want it. Well after a ton of complaints with the furnace system, and shoddy repairs, she died of asphyxiation caused by the fumes like 1 month after moving in. Walt took it hard... Parents (in disney movies) ever since have either not been there, portrayed horribly or even killed off. [sauce](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flora_Call_Disney)
was just thinking about this yesterday while making gear for sub jobs... even if i can just click on the item i have excess of and see what i can make with it.
always wondered this myself... with all the feuds between the two why would that on thing carry over... maybe it was subconscious? lol
[i've seen a lambo commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql94IYUrwXY)
not sure if your being serious but in the wiki you posted... "The original agreement allowed the United States continued use of the U.S. Army Kwajalein Atoll (USAKA) missile test range until 2016. An amendment to that agreement, extending U.S. rights until 2066 with an option until 2086..." Lived there for several years... then afterwards enlisted in the Navy for 8 years. I know bases lol... this place is a base. It's ran mostly by DoD but there are some higher up brass stationed there as well. (not ever day you get a billet to a tropical paradise)
you realized why he gravitated towards this?
lol yeah i detected a sense of something... i think that just means don't start wars with other people/groups then expect us to back it up OR if WWIII broke out we need to protect them in turn.
thats what happens when there are two different things in each picture... It is how some people can do the "spot the difference" puzzles ridiculously fast. since they are always side by side images you just do the 3d look thing and anything "blinking" (or as you put it jarring) is whats different from scene to scene.
Well Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first full-length cel animated feature in motion picture history so as far as Disney movies are concerned there wasn't anything before that lol... The stories Disney pulled from existed for quite some time but we're talking about Walt's adaptation, not the original versions.
This is a well documented thing... while walt himself never talked about it (and only worked on features until the late 60's i believe) It's pretty obvious that it had a huge impact on his work.
he was 13th in line for the throne... give him a fucking break for wanting his own kingdom! And the only real "bad" thing he did was lock Anna in the room when she was dying... that bitch was singing about true love the day she met me... i should take her crazy ass out :P edit: he even saved Else from being shot by that one dude... edit 2: yeah i guess he was about to [murder Elsa](http://33.media.tumblr.com/ef21c17b0a335d1c97f44045426c7e8b/tumblr_inline_n05poe2AbQ1qk3ggq.gif) when Anna ran in and saved her... HE WAS SO CLOSE THO lol
PLD - Main MCH - new DPS main GSM / BSM / LWR - because Masterbook II Unlocked and Lucis Miner then all the other crafts.
*sigh* this pissed me off just reading it...
getting ninja looted.
I really hope they do. which reminds me i should go buy some ex primal items while they are still cheap!
(most recent) some ass hat snagged my tank earrings from t11 only because he said he was looking for the word "fending" in the loot list when it said "tank earrings" after my name. Been Farming t11 for so damn long and it was the first time i saw them drop.
dem subtitles tho :)
Jeez all this over some dick pics... or do they actually think they are making a difference in terrorism?
Here's the "You actually enjoy facing other people in TT" run down. * get cards * challenge random people as you wait for whatever * enjoy yourself &amp; the challenge others bring * ensure you use up ALL your matches * receive Platinum Packs once the week is over (1 for each 1000 points) each pack has the chance of dropping any card available through the tournament * enjoy the satisfaction of getting cards without cheating
oh i'm sure you're a shining example of a human being... your ability to quickly judge people for one reminds me several bags of shit.
i.... i just dont get it... you asked for the money and they said sure whatever. What if the said no? what if they just froze (fear) and did nothing? Its not like you could reach in there and force them to do it. Did anything like that ever happen?
"probably."
i guess cuz you really don't know what the person is ready to do to get that money... Kudos for turning yourself in, fatherhood really does change a man (I have 4 rugrats so im not even sure im the same person i was before lol)
as a graphic design who sits around all day digitally drawing i can tell you that is not whats happening here.
when i used to go diving in the marshall islands i would frequent a spot called the sandy flats. [it would just go on and on](http://www.wallpapersdb.org/wallpapers/beach/underwater_sand_1920x1200.jpg) (not the actual spot be very similar) and on those really calm days it was just the most serene thing to just sit there and listen to the ocean noise. I could see this happening in one way on Uranus.
could it something as simple as core size? What if Uranus just has a smaller core producing less gravity which in turn produces less heat and Neptune is "big boned" lol so shes puts out a little bit more heat.
ricola!
Ahhh i see the weather device is [finally operational](http://screenrant.com/wp-content/uploads/Star-Wars-7-Rumor-Emperor-Returning.jpg)
LOL reminds me of the pancake i got one day in basic that was so hard you could literally write on it... so i broke out my ricky pen and wrote "you should not be able to write on this!" clear as day then left it on the table. Good thing this was not in your day.
Graphic designer here as well. it gets slow sometimes but i mainly procrastinate A LOT :P
hopefully some creative minds over there can come up with something like this... a freaking cat bowl or litter box that unlocks all cat minions to freely roam around your house... except fat cat of course, he don't get around much :P
One of the best habits i have found as a PLD main... hovering over the icons to see whats actually happening with monsters abilities.
[MOTHER FUCKING BLITZBALLLLLLL!!!!!!](http://www.howdonkey.com/pics/53/be-ownage-at-blitzball-in-ffx.jpg)
oh it would have to be re-imagine from the ground up, certainly a challenge. Creating one class that branches out to different positions on the team like goalie or forward etc... could be a start. You would still want it flexible in traditional FF-MMO style so you can fill any role and not be tied down to the first choice you made.
SWTOR has "HUTTBALL" which never really relied on stats or positions but instead left it up to the players to figure all that stuff out since you could also just go around killing people like normal pvp. (which obviously had its use) But when two teams that actually knew what they were doing faced off it was really fun. Blitzball could step away from its stat based roots and skills and just focus on the basics at first then figure out after some trial and error how to make things more interesting like gear sets. Instead of assigning classes one can just equip a "goalie set" or "attacker set" before the match starts that yield some nice moves like Jecht Shot or super goalie moves while also boosting overall ability to perform.
Im gonna guess a humanoid personification of Alexander... So like a knight.
consider this a release of sorts... you are wrapping up the last parts of a life you are leaving behind and you need to close all the doors. Tell them all at once... out in the open (at a time when most of them are on) get their attention, let them know your about to drop some serious IRL stuff so there is no miscommunication and some immature ass hat drops jokes. If they show maturity and understand then you have just created a bond with a group of people that will last a long time... if they can't handle it use the name change thing on mogstation and drop some fantasia and do exactly what you are doing anyways, rediscovering yourself.
[do you want to know the difference between justice and punishment?](https://youtu.be/bWpK0wsnitc?t=469)
idk kinda reminds me of pop tarts lol
same here except i have 4 kids... and it fucking terrifies me to no end that the odds of losing any of them right when the shit hits the fan is to damn high.
For someone who has served 8 years in the Navy, sailed countless oceans, participated in a few [swim calls,](http://www.blackfive.net/.a/6a00d8341bfadb53ef01a3fcef2418970b-pi) lived on a tropical island in the middle of the pacific and even gone diving you would think this fear goes away... Day time im fine whens theres people around and i know the divers are in the water looking out... but night time, FUCK THAT!!!
Also if you lift your truck make sure to readjust your lights so that your low beams don't turn into high beams and blind every fucking thing in front of you.
yeah not lately...
lol got me, "seas" is more specific.
totally fell for it lol
ive never hear of anything... sharks usually dont bullet straight outta nowhere, the creep up on you and circle you a few times, then if they wanna see what you taste like will dart and you and rub skins :P anyways, divers are in the water so they'll spot a shark long before this starts if the shark is even brave enough to approach all that noise... then everyone gets out but thats never happened in the 3 times ive done it. mandatory [shark view for de creps](http://www.defense.gov/dodcmsshare/homepagephoto/2014-09/hires_140927-N-IC565-7241d.jpg)
OMG the pld... so boss!
you are very close to one [of these](http://farm1.staticflickr.com/1/492358_c72860544b.jpg)
even after i got the wireless mouse i star noticing after time the the signal starts to diminish and you really just *miss* that latent free feed back... WIRES OR DIE!
it just makes to much damn sense now &gt;.&gt;
ewww the way his finger comes out LOL
iirc... and that sure was a while ago lol, but w-sum/x4/kotr/mimic/mimic was one of the more popular was to defeat emerald weapon.
"If you're tying to stay high, you're bound to stay low." -Matisyahu
and the constant mouth breathing is hard to get past.
Ahhhh kh3 @_@
and thats where i sighed :(
yeah hmmm? no FFXV either
glad im not the only one who thought that lol
[m'fantasy](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/oe9uK9QGCUI/hqdefault.jpg)
I for one am really looking forward to Machinist but now that we get [A FUCKING AIR STRIKE!!!](http://i.imgur.com/yZ7ZSiF.gifv) i'm officially HYPE!
[pic](http://www.4gamer.net/games/278/G027835/20150616136/SS/041.jpg) would probably makes sense to have your shield arm heavily armored tho.
[highest quality i can find](http://www.4gamer.net/games/278/G027835/20150616136/SS/015.jpg)
Exactly... when your following the end game (raid) story that shaped the entirety of Eorzea as it is now. SE gonna have to come up with something a little deeper than whatever they can come up with for a reason for gobs to go all crazy on us and summon a primal, thats on par with the normal story of what the scions were doing... so why step back? Instead how about something steeped in the history of Ishgard herself... making alexander connected to the 12 knights that defended Ishgard long ago... with the goblins as their puppets.
story wise them being used as puppets works way better... using their collective prayers for someone else's main goal?
"The Undersized Party option can only be used for the following duties 2.X dungeons / 2.X Trials / Binding Coil of Bahamut / Second Coil of Bahamut / Final Coil of Bahamut" whos gonna be the first badass to solo his/her way through all of coil??
She is wearing the allagan necklace slave thing though...
it is all about delivery... that is why there seems to be a half and half consensus on which version is better. On one had the english version makes us think *deep* but on the other hand it makes us look unnecessarily close to EVERYTHING said trying to pick out some deeper meaning (which can really throw us out into crazy town fast) And even with the other translations... were being told very important information that can get lost in translation but if the delivery is off or seems forced we just feel like passive observers being told whats happening. Both have their moments but it will always come down to delivery.
292 Pterois Volitans on Excalibur Time card
better be ON DAT STUN LOCK!
[yes](http://crossfitnewhaven.com/images/made/images/uploads/blog/waterboy_300_180_70.jpg)
tisk... casual &gt;.&gt;
naw just a random pic
yeah once the servers are down its not like you can do much with that info.
yeah and the shield / sword oath one sucks! ended up just going back to have both on the hotbar.
OH OH OH as a main gsm/min i can wait for a gold minecart!!! FUCK i just realized i changed my miner retainer to a BLM... SHEEET!
alex's body is like a clock constantly running, always turning :P
dude obviously hasn't been in this situation... neither have i but im on your side. I have clear t5 about a billion times trying to get the fucking elusive Fending helm... seriously has never dropped in over a year. If the final day came and i got the helm followed immediatily by a DC / Server crash only to log back in to see that i lost it... i would probably quit the game. This is why 15 secs vs 5 mins is such a big deal... you could literally lose players because of it.
alex in background... gobbie influence... checks out!
please god be on the top of someones priority list that can actually look... PLZZ! lol
hold mai beer. *unzips* im going in!
i swear to the fucking 12...
wtf is up with [midgar..](http://i.imgur.com/LWZ42m7.png)??? was hoping to see better versions of the TT cards that dont look like shit blobs but oh well.
was gonna level pld to 60 first so i could start all the post 60 stuff but i think imma bee line machinist to 60 instead. 30-50 shouldn't take too long with fates and dungeons right... right???
the shadow of a shadow :P
FOUND EM... go to garland tools and search the name! edit: removed broken link
there is stuff up there now... not sorted but you can find them by searching
hopefully this works... found all the new coil weapons edit: removed broken link
edit: removed broken link try this... it remembers where you left off and keeps stuff open so you will have to probably google garland tolls and start fresh yourself
oh no... i get that part, i do graphic design myself. Im talking about the actually quality of the pictures themselfs. They sucked before... they still suck lol
yep got all my mats for the inferno gun ^_^
hive gear? (i190) edit: seems those are Ravanas
were de guns!!!1
what the emote for "i know wtf i'm doing." :P
Several items have not had the source filled in... but this still gives me hope!
thanks... move along people nothing to see here :)
THERE IS NOTHING ELSE MORE IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW!!!! jk made another thread looking for answers... overlapping ftw :P
pa... pa... pa.... please!!!
I HAVE NO FUCKING CLUE WHY IM EVEN PRETENDING TO WORK!
yeah because in SWTOR they have world bosses (kinda like super S ranks) and there is one for each instance and one can pop in another instance making it so that you can just from one to the other and get multiple drops.
i see what you mean T_T
15 freaking gold feathers... start calling up your friends!!! edit: 5 per friend or sub time of 150, 210 and 270 days (5 each time)
confirmed you will and same with gold feathers if you have had a friend invited and bought game time or plays
pretty sure this is because the part of your brain that controls motor functions is shut off during sleep. So you're having a dream and your brain says ok lets run because the fucking raptors are getting closer, signal goes to motor function portion of brain, see's "sorry we're closed" sign, signal bounces back to dream and sorry this is a no go lol.
i have 4 of em... and after the first 2 i realized that even after doing this... they will walk away even more confused or with more questions making them even MORE interested in what you told them not to do. Pick your battles with this if its a must but you will lose em all lol.
people gonna learn today !
better than coil runs where ur rolling against 7 others... desynth at that level is either very expensive or very time consuming to level. i've only got gsm to 101 just recently.
this is how it starts... soon the whole county will be in sync and the human seismic device will be ready O_O
Also consider that many who have never thought of being a tank are wearing the title and responsibility for the first time... that alone is enough to cause this perception. give em time :P
excal.. cant get back on
i only see the little icon with the minus (-) i have to look back in the log to see what the number is. hope we can get an option to have it show.
this is going to get so many healers cleaved lol
im putting money in the slot but nothings happening?
Our FC came together last night and did all 4 pieces then set sail for her first 18hr adventure :P The Enterprise ^_^
i really hope they don't fix this...
one of the weirdest bugs i've even seen... is it a tessellation thing?
dont' even talk to me about my crafting macros... fucking reeked havoc on them T_T
Finding *any* relationship with God is just as hard as finding a meaningful relationship with anyone on this planet. As you pointed out you are single... so finding a meaningful relationship with just normal people has been a challenge, but i can promise you one thing... He wants a relationship with you. Relationship is the whole purpose! (love thy neighbors, honor your folks) its all about people (even though they can be really horrible at times) and if you want to start looking for God then you need to starting looking for him in all of the people you are shying away from. (not staying at home where it is comfortable and you know nothing bad will happen) He dropped a little bit of himself in each and every one of us... you just have to start looking.
As it has been said before different strokes for different folks. But have you considered the trinity before? (father, son and holy ghost) The thing you are going to "on the inside" is the holy ghost... the little voice in your head that always knows whats up or is saying you know whats right. It's the little piece of God that was dropped inside of us from the start. Y'all are still going to the same source :P
you know why, out of all the laws in the land throughout time, honor thy mother and father is on the top ten list? Because once you come into a true relationship with God you will begin to realize, just like normal parents, he can say no or will do things without your permission that you don't like. And even though you may hate his guts for it, there is a reason. As a father of 4 i cant even begin to tell you how much this simple idea translates to everyday stuff. "BUT DAD... WHY!!!???" "Son, at 6 years old you are way to young to even comprehend why you can't fly off this bridge like spiderman, but just know that it is for your safely." Sometimes you will not understand it, sometimes it's just downright unfair, but there is always a reason.
[prove it...](https://youtu.be/AcqaHxI5-P8?t=87https://youtu.be/AcqaHxI5-P8?t=87) or do you honestly think that out of the entire universe there isn't a single thing that exists that can't be proven?
so beautifully worded, i can only imagine the in-depth and inspiring conversations we could ha... oh wait no you're a fucking moron who contributes zero to everything around him. See what i just did there? proved to you that even though i love God and try to follow in his path everyday i can still slip up and be the most un-religious person you will meet. (what i was trying to say before your comment) Also i hope you get into a car accident today. Cheers!
It's like when i talk to my wife about working on a engine... it's nonsense to here because she does not have an ear for understanding those things. Same as you, you don't have an ear for God so all that stuff earlier sounds like nonsense to you... (most of it was based off what the early post was talking about) And yes, because of what the earlier post said... &gt; Literally everything in life changes with a belief in god, including but not limited to legislation being passed based on your own skewed perception of reality. I was trying to point out that nothing changes just because you believe in something, even if it is contrary to said belief, like my sailor mouth and complete contempt for people being unproductive.
sooooo dig deeper? got it \^_~
...and i completely get that. And anyone who is acting like that should also be paying attention to anyone around them to see if they are barking up the wrong trees so to speak. But on the other side you have God's view on blessings... He normally does not bless someone with something they need/want just because, he does it so that you can spread the wealth and be blessing to others. The more you give the more you get. This is why those who act like that do what they do... because it's part of the rules to give as freely as you received.
i read somewhere that it (among many things apparently) some do this because they are uncomfortable in there surroundings and they are simulating a hug to soothe / calm themselves down.
seriously... that audio was on point!
Science can not measure faith... and thats what it always comes down to. It's just easier to explain it as love because if i'm having to explain this at all it's usually to a person who does not understand faith (when it comes to God) But make no mistake it is real and based off my senses and observations I have concluded that God is real. Thats as far as i can go because the implications afterwards are to mind boggling for anyone to try and explain without fucking up. (where religion tries and fails) So why is my scientific method (based on sense and observation) invalid because im talking about something you don't believe in? Or how about the fact that 95% of the worlds population believe this in one way or another... what about their senses? what about the life changing observations told throughout this thread? The point is the title of this very thread, one day there was nothing, and the next day there was faith. (edit of observing/studying/measuring faith: unless were talking about brain scans while someones prays, or the 7 oz. that leave the body when we die, etc... there have been notable exceptions but nothing conclusive like your looking for.)
This is very good to know. Also one of the only spoiler tags i've click on... was risky but worth it lol.
BURNS SO GUUD!
lol we both call into question whether or not we understand what each other is talking about. (you: faith / me: scientific method) and I said "my" just because I was taking ownership of the observations being mentioned (along with the rest of the process that I didn't think I had to type out.) Anyways, What would my test be? Why you need not look any further than one of the biggest problems atheist (and the like) have with religion. Money. God knew exactly what he was doing when he added this little tid bit because that is the one thing we have, and will always, hold onto the closest. We busted our ass for it right? Well anyways it is this bond God wanted to shatter because he saw what happened before when man got lost and started worshiping other worldly things like gold/money... and its bad. Now completely overlooking what is done with the money (good or abused) because thats not a factor here, we take a look at the giver. Lets think about some factors here... giving with a open heart, giving with contempt, not giving at all, giving your scraps, giving your finest etc... As you can see there are a lot of mind frames when it comes to this but what you put in you get back... gave a 100 bucks but swore about doing it the whole time? God will give it back but make you stand in a DMV like like for hours on em to get it back... and of course your swearing the whole time lol. See how that works? Give more than is needed and you get back more than you need... broke as shit with 10 bucks to your name but you said "no, He can do so much more with this than me." Watch that man get paid back by the but load because he gave everything he had. I never really got serious about God until a few years ago (even tho i grew up hearing these things and granddad was a preacher so on..) I don't think it means squat until you except him yourself... not learn about him and say ok from someone else. That being said, since getting serious about it i also got serious about giving... and there is not a single investment in this ENTIRE WORLD that has paid back, and then some, than giving to the church. I could really spell out some blessings that i knew were gonna come simply because this whole thing I explained is a promise from God. And he has backed em up every single time. I would actually welcome you to try this yourself. but remember your heart needs to be in the right place, don't go saying imma prove this "thedaveness" asshole wrong mwahaha but instead give willingly with an open heart, and don't be a chump make it 10% &gt;.&gt;
The notion that people can't test God is kinda false... in Malachi 3:10 it talks about testing Him with your tithe and to watch as the floodgates burst open with some many blessing... You wanna know why this has anything to do with God? because it is Him... testing US and once i realize this little game of blessings i said game on. So I started to give and give more (even though i thought i couldn't afford it) and immediately start getting back more than i could imagine, and were not just talking about money but promotions and healthy living, 4 kids, (stuff people truly want and not just money that comes and goes) just blessing all around. I know that it has EVERYTHING to do with God Because of the consistent return... and the fact that it is ALWAYS returned (with extra sometimes) It has not once failed. So either my family is the biggest walking coincidence and i should really start gambling (because of our constant lucky returns) or it is God.
dammit i didn't even half to get halfway though that to know that's where you were gonna take this... when it comes down to it man God don't want it easily know he exists (in a provable way, the only doubt we experience is created entirely by us) , that would completely defeat this whole thing hes got going on where we find and except him our self though life. That whole process would equate to nothing if it were easily know that he's just over there chillin in some 4th dimension. but back on topic... you often see those who give but dont get back, normally has to do with some internal conflict with there life that they are trying but cant overcome (pain of past so on..) or even that act of given still irks them deep down. But that's ok because that just means it takes them longer to understand... and its a good thing God remembers because he stores up all the credit until your ready to receive it. and almost every other thing you said is chalked up to free will... mans will is strong, greed is easily attainable through will power alone. But how often do they find that money doesn't mean anything compared to relationships and connections. Best part is this is all happening even if you want to believe it or not... hell this very conversation... im not saying everything's "causally related" ...everything IS related.
&gt;So when your prediction about god rewarding generosity is correct you declare victory but when it fails it's either because god hasn't done his magic yet or "because free will"? when you break it down so simply... can your own intentions prevent you from being successful in life? "You're just accepting them on preference and acting as though you have good reasons." ...could you give me an example of this? Also you talk of this model and apply it's results across a broad board... results may vary, exactly as i said before you get out what you put in... sames true for anything.
^shhhh^hhhh^hhhh
Netflix has a long way to go but i am just soo happy that i'm alive to watch the death of cable... IT WILL BE GLORIOUS!
Many many hours spent there... loved the tune and feel of the zone. I farmed boyahda moss there since the goobs were one of the few things BLM could solo back then.
the only real asset these guys have is the internet they provide... and we've all seen how they handle that business. It's gonna be slow and painful death as they latch on to the helm of their sinking ship that everyone else is jumping off of. They are to stubborn to carve out a new place for them to continue business and to dim witted to create anything of worth. The final nail in the coffin will be some new thing that comes along smashing their capabilities of an ISP, just watch :P
Not stubborn yet most of them still trying to illegally bottle neck the web (even after being told not to), force companies that are gonna put them outta business to pay more for a fast lane, yeah that business model is really setting them up for success. These companies, who already have put a bad taste in peoples mouth, are gonna squeeze every last penny outta this old model and then try and step into the new "streaming" market (specifically the pay for each view and not netflix style 1 month fee watch what you want) only to realize it has already been set up. No one is going to use them because we all remember how shitty everything about them is and watch as no one joins their new services because (by that time) they have already been around for years (see vudu and the like) and there is no reason to switch.
Because i think the common misconception with God is that he is *that* involved with pulling the strings... I Have 4 kids and to guide their ever step is not only extremely exhausting but it is also counter productive. They learn better, faster and also sinks in better if they do things on their own. Pretty much the same goes for Him, not nessicssarly direct involvement (like old testament days, because even when he revealed himself and his miracles right in front of peoples faces they still didn't believe it) But instead in a more guiding (surprise, parental) manner. They focus a lot on parenthood in the Bible and it's parallels to how God handles business in the same way. But in the end you are mostly right, it is varying results based on naturalistic reasons. The rules of the universe, nature and evolution (and all those other crazy ideas religious folk like to shoot down outta fear) don't just disappear just because God exists. Those are the universal systems in place so that there is little reason for God to step in at all. Shit what do you think would happen if He was as involved as some believe? You think i would be happy to wake up to an elephant in my living room just because my son felt like it was a good idea to pray for one the night before? Nope more like just enough intervention to daily restore faith in humanity lol cuz we sure as hell need it.
[all i can see](http://i.imgur.com/hG0fv.gif)
No, such a thing does not exist. Even when God split a freakin ocean in front of peoples faces, freeing them from thousands or years of slavery... they still didn't believe it. Pretty much exactly like where you are, you talked yourself down and subjected your believes to test after test until you came to the conclusion that it was all BS. (which isn't that hard to conclude, by design i think) God himself could walk into the room your in right now and show you indisputable truth of his existence and you (like most) would chalk it up to noting more than a day-dream. Thats just the way it is man, believing in something you know exists takes ZERO effort, like the air your referenced at the start of this. Sure there was some crazy buzz about this invisible stuff we breath in every second of our lives and then dude named Joseph Priestley kinda said i think something *IS* there and BOOM it is there, the crowd goes wild and then now here we are a few hundred years later... no one thinks about air, its taken for granted (unless your about to drown &gt;.&lt;) it's just there and thats that, who cares right? What do you think would happen to the state of humanity itself is God were proven real?
To be fair i would have to say yes, "anything that anyone has faith in is equally real." But to be real i would say no. Faith is weird in that you can really apply it to anything, faith that your shitty baseball team will win, faith that your not about to be stuck being another freakin red light, faith that you will get better, faith that your business will succeed... hell you don't even need to be religious to have faith. So you really just can't say, "someone has faith, it makes that thing real," because your baseball team lost, you got stuck behind EVERY red light, you didn't get better and so on. All in all it is just a simple catalyst like will power, not a tool for proving things are real or not but a means to a end. I think your more so talking about perception = reality.
literally dropped that today for the first time in while. now i see it here lol weird.
seriously... Neptune's year is 165 earth years lol. it might move a half of the watch rotation in your whole life.
aye
Just let me finish my pie.
The first time i heard this song i was already in a chill mood in a chill, low lit room... i closed my eyes and follow his instructions to a tee, imagining the safe yet vulnerable place. Instantly hypnotized me and put my into a trance dream state where the whole song played out with some interesting visuals... As someone who has taken a lot of acid in the past i'm pretty sure his magical words actually kicked up some of the ol' spinal juice because that experience was defiantly on par with a flashback.
[😮](http://mgoblog.com/sites/mgoblog.com/files/images/ebcc7b3e0072_11BC9/plaid-958x3601.jpg)
The item description says "leaves" so i guess its more of a handful of leaves?
yeah that look of "y u do this?" once the arms &amp; legs went in... *shudders*
would you like to play a game much
went through this same training. we did it six times with and without blind folds escaping out various exits, and i didn't have a problem with any until the last one. Escape out the main entrance/exit blind folded. My main problem wasn't spacial awareness, i had the reference point thing down... it was that i was siting the furthest away from the damn exit with 6 people in my way. We hit, fill up, roll, unbuckle and BAM swift kick right to the face. (people in front of me panicked and forgot i was there i guess?) Needless to say i didnt make it out of that one and had to tap out, they let me try again (since they were there and saw it and got a good laugh outta me scrambling lol) and i passed but that first run is that closest I've been to drowning since we had to tap our heads if we needed air so they can pull you out, i was stubborn and didnt tap till i knew i was screwed.
Even blindfolded you kinda can just feel which way is up... since most would have a full breath of air. But sometimes you just dont know and swim the other way, the instructors are there they whole time anyways so they not gonna let you get far.
you get the tank during normal flight operations.
think of it like a fighting style game... there is always that one really easy to use person that has some cheap moves or theres that on off person that has weird moves but one you master them they are unstoppable. There are some dps that just seem the best but are in reality just easy to play/figure out the rotations. It's a new job and if anything in the past has told you they will be receiving buffs/nerfs to level out the field. But in the end all classes (with respect to the trinity) are good for end game raiding, it just depends on how well you play it.
something tell me that number is about to change to 2016
first picture almost looks like we've stumbled upon a scene we will regret.
except you can't for the life of you get a single upvote?
http://i.imgur.com/MlHm0Zg.gif
IIRC he does most of the growls and grrrr's himself... kinda the emotion of chewie's responses.
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmmmmmmmmmmm
cried like a fucking baby at that moment.
lol [shit just dropped as i read](http://imgur.com/2MCtm1u) this. spammed stage 2 (snow cavern normal) with no return over and over for about 300 stamina.
damn thats amazing, during my first deployment (obvious lack of entertainment) my best was 56 seconds.
holocrons... lots and lots of holocrons.
Plagueis the wise (Snoke) was the one who impregnated Shmi (influence the force to create life) to rid himself of Sidious via Vader.
I remember the sound effect and it immediately shutting off... thought it might have been his hand but mostly likely is the blade since they would have made a bigger deal if it was his hand.
Exactly why he removed himself from the equation until his prodigal son (Anakin) could wipe out his enemy and he would resume the title of master (details could have unfolded with him taking over vader but that didnt go as planned) I believe he was a master of illusions and tricked Sidious into *thinking* he killed him (Plagueis)... he did however get a pretty bad injury [as we have already seen](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/0/08/Supreme_Leader_Snoke.png/revision/latest?cb=20160103063418)
Brought this up on the official forms a long time ago, few good ideas included a litter box/cat food bowl so all cat minions unlocked could roam the given area, or a little war table where all your scions could play war.
Sidious just loves to say "A tragedy really for one so wise, one who could oversee the lifes and deaths of all beings, except himself..." I think his arrogance to not even consider that his Master (Snoke/Plageius) knew he was getting set up is the same reason his dumb ass got tossed into a big hole by Vader. Snoke knew he would be his own undoing and simply needed to step outta the way to let it happen.
Oh I'm sure there are few assassins who are up to the task... Wouldn't be too much of a risk if you are the one who crafted the Midi-chlorians that made anakins power, could have even been influencing his dark tendencies from afar with no ones knowledge.
I don't think that was on accident...
yub yub
it's reasonable to assume that a solider has had some combat training :P
and enjoy beaches
and this is the [prequel](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1191111/?ref_=fn_al_tt_2) to the first one posted
got out right as choco breading was put in... seemed like a lot of work lol.
google something like "test site" because on there [maps](https://www.google.com/maps/@11.6192992,165.3551346,23726m/data=!3m1!1e3) you can clearly see the holes
After completing CoP I just felt... satisfied. The grind was worth it when good games deliver.
Once I saw what it took to get the salvage armor (in particular the usukane set for sam/thf) I pretty much cried and when on with my life. I'm glad to have at least played CoP since most say it was the best time in that game.
Now this begs the questions of virus dispersion... and if the ship were BFE in the pacific then could they have been infected if the ship went on chemical lockdown?
speaking of beams... ICE BEAM ICE BEAM ICE BEAM, ARTIC ATTACK!!!
Like how there's an old Clone in the mix
&gt; Also not pictured: absence of showers. [nonsense](http://www.trueswords.com/images/prod/portable_water_solar_camping_shower.jpg) your just not thinking hard enough.
Because those two things walk hand in hand in my perspective. To be absolute in either one and you end up in the crazy zone. One isn't ment to disprove the other as a soul means of supporting itself... or else you just sounds like a arrogant idiot unwilling to except something you can't understand.
All the apposing evidence aside, those injures match up ridiculously well...
last pic, one holding flag on the left (their right)
last pic, one holding flag on the left (their right)
squeeze the bag harder?
I have spent over 2 consecutive years on a carrier. The actual ship never needs to go close to a pier, just send the rigid hull inflatable boats (en mass) and have a full nude inspection for all personal that leave and return. But at this point it would be safe to assume that all would be infected due to being exposed to the air. Guess no place is safe.
Oh well then that batch is totally dead, this... Was a new batch... Yeah :)
I hope the ps4 one is just as ridiculous in 4k
how about this... instead of just destroying all the planets along the way it also sucks up the life stream like energy growing bigger and badder than v.1 and the visuals from smashing into the sun and going supernova could be done WAY BETTER with a surface view from the closer planets being obliterated.
true... but Gaia's lifestream is special though so :P
and it's fucking perfect!
and the [kia soul](http://theautomotivereview.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/2014-Kia-Soul-Exterior-Rear-Side.jpg) reminds me of the new stormtroopers...
[Eeth Koth](http://img.lum.dolimg.com/v1/images/Eeth-Koth2_246ea172.jpeg?region=126%2C0%2C1010%2C568&amp;width=768)
WOW that pulled out some tears fast... wish the prequels were that effective by themselves. edit: word
oh man I played the fuck outta N64 Shadows of the empire... I wouldn't mind seeing anything from there.
I rewatch them all the time, and there are ton of scenes that I purely enjoy like the pod racing and dual of the fates, it's just those cringe worth moments/lines that take me out of the story and make moments like these almost impossible.
The action scenes practically wrote themselves... lasers, flying, fighting etc... They oozed Star Wars in the new age and had very little negative association. And the plot is just fine, it's exactly what we all *kinda* wanted to see... I was just pointing out that those cringe worthy moments (bad writing/acting) are what took you out of the story/moment which pretty much prevented one from developing an emotional connection... you know because you to busy reliving how horrible that last scenes exchange was. Kinda like the moment in Ant-Man when Hank tell his daughter about his wife and Paul Rudd totally jumps in and ruins the moment.
I like how the "I HATE YOU" wasn't in there because Obi wouldn't want to remember it... but his face says he still did...
pretty sure there isn't a single memory in Obi Wan's entire history that trumps that one day on a volcanic hillside... he has no choice but to remember. Not to trivialize what you said but think of it as "the most important moment in your life" kinda memory, you really don't forget those.
Hmmm might have to give that a shot, thanks for the suggestion!
Lol I always have my wife do my X11 pulls, her karma is always waaaay better than mine. GRATS!
I don't have any useful SB and was able to clear Yunalesca Ultimate (the only one so far) with advantaliate... I have to sub in Celes for her Shell SB and Lenne for protect, that with a few Haste RM and you pretty much there. Also helps that most on that team is 80 with some 77-78, It doesn't leave to much wiggle room but it is working for now. Most of the time it really does just come down to luck and always using the right move. Still interested in this information though because I think I'm ready to put some $$ down for a good wall / haste SB.
So when the time for standing up for your beliefs is at hand they cower behind the very thing they want to eradicate? Fucking cowards...
should have used the secret pathway.
you forgot seamen!
actually he shot 5 times and hit... so uncivilized.
so... [does than mean...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY9ucdI22ZE)
I was more so thinking about the clone wars and how impractical it would have been to be on open battlefields (as depicted) with a lightsaber and *literally* &gt; dozens, if not hundreds, of blasters from all angles [facing you.](http://s1.thcdn.com/design-assets/products/11158297/pic4-large.jpg) Of course you would not want to bring a blaster as your *only* weapon against a sith... you can carry both at the same time.
This train of thought came from playing SWTOR... was always thinking of new classes and a force sensitive with a sniper rifle always made me giddy lol.
LOL yeah it was a cheap shot, and Mace Windu [certainly had no problem on said battlefield](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mj07qh51zPI)
&gt; The Jedi are supposed to be monks first and warriors second. when you have "General" in front of your name I would tend to go with the latter being first in priority... maybe thats why they fell because the started being warriors first?
I need to go re-see this but is it similar to Darth Maul's pacing? Was re-watching 1-3 with my oldest son this past weekend and was explaining [that scene](https://youtu.be/yHqdESArkqU?t=116) as a reflection of what drives them, Qui Gon sits calmly and waits while Maul paces to channel his impatience and hatred.
And he's just the oldest of 4... two boys, two girls, i'll be a damn encyclopedia by the time I get to the youngest lol. The Force is strong in my family.
I wonder if just the thought of using that in a duel would give it away... and how much energy you would have to use to conceal it. But for everything else awesome!
Or he was just sick and fucking tired of cleaning toilets and wanted to kill every last guy whole told him to do it. *THEN* we see this leader worth fighting for :)
Wild Card Bitches!
She's been a key piece to my advantaliate team since I don't have any shell relics. double cut + skill usually required to master (like berserk on Defender X)
The guy who tried to charge Jango Fett got blasted in ep. 2
I thought it was 4 as well and just wanted to watch the scene again. Still %100 ratio and a new winner (hopefull)
I was talking to my buddy about that fight scene and it would have been a show stopper to see yoda bring dooku to his knees (with intense force struggle) so he can say to his face... "The rise of the sith, I will not allow." Then decapitate him. Of course this is waaaay off course of yodas personality (and anakin would need another catalist to being pushing his dark side) but a Master that wise should be able to see the greater good and not be tempted to slaughter kids just because dooku was to dangerous to be left alive. He was pretty set on making sure dooku didn't escape...
D'oh lol, to be fair that last bolt kinda sunk in there.
Which brings up a argument i have all the time with my fellow church goers... We are all called the son's and daughter's of God. We are all his children (why we call Him "Father") so for Jesus to claim the same wouldn't be so crazy all the sudden. I think it was everyone else taking him out of context and got offended before realizing that he was only trying to show how important *ALL* of us are in Gods eyes.
It isn't "accept the teachings of Jesus Christ..." Romans 10:9 "That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved." I think that is what you are basing that particular statement off of, kinda like a give it up to something greater than yourself statement. The literal action here is confessing (and truly believing in your heart) Jesus is Lord and that God raised him from the dead to be at His side. And yes... the cherry picking of rules and rights has really turn Christianity into a group of hypocrites but a lot of what Jesus was trying to say is that "religion" and their rules is where this whole thing went wrong in the first place. The will of man is strong and believe it or not can stand up to God... that is why even in the Bible our will was pushed onto His. (stuff like the canon wars and what not)
This is really what happened... The Head honchos of the church REALLY DIDNT like that Jesus was saying you don't need them to have a relationship with God... that he lives in all of us and we can reach out to Him whenever we please.
I actually believe that God gets quite a good chuckle out of this mess we have created. The Bible at heart has not changed... but the words in it most defiantly has. I forgot which verse states this but I believe it said something like "don't interpret this book to closely... you would be a fool to do so. But instead you should focus on living out it's principles..." It truly is why we have lost so much... Religion has crushed the idea of the church and those who pretended to follow this book *to the word* spouting out judgement after judgment are just as backwards when they go to McDonalds after church and get a BLT. It is the Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth. Not live you life exactly TO THE TEE as stated here... because after all it was 2000+ years ago and where's my multiple wives damnit??? And I actually believe God "sent out" multiple prophets to spread the new word... (since the tower of babel thing kinda made that really hard to spread new information) That he realized to truly connect with Man he would have to make it just a little bit harder, there *needs* to be conflicting information or else choosing Him wouldn't mean as much. (imagine the game of two people calling for a dog to see who he likes more... except it is you vs. a brick wall... doesn't mean as much right?) Only problem is that Man choose to create this conflicting information through pure ignorance and pride and also cultural differences. Instead of saying HEY! these guys (prophets) are all kinda trying to say the same thing... they went with absolutes and everything else is wrong.
That was the religious guise... That he was claiming to be God... Religion is a business and Jesus was cutting into their profits. He simple gained more traction then all the others at the time warranting action from the said head honchos. They didn't like the idea of people not needed them to reach God because it made them feel so special. But God wouldn't have that in the end because most of these guys abused every ounce of power they got and inevitably would keep more people from Him.
So it's a wonder that in the end we've *still* moved to a system where we can seek God at our own pace and if we want more we go to any church we fell comfortable at and prosper there or simply carry out your love for God in anyway you seem necessary. Just like the prophets intended...? Still got those hard headed religious folk pushing what they think instead of pulling the branch outta their eye first but those types are way easier to ignore now lol.
So it's a wonder that in the end we've *still* moved to a system where we can seek God at our own pace and if we want more we go to any church we fell comfortable at and prosper there or simply carry out your love for God in anyway you seem necessary. Just like the prophets intended...? Still got those hard headed religious folk pushing what they think instead of pulling the branch outta their eye first but those types are way easier to ignore now lol.
&gt; but you would have the Christians who claim that Islam is not a true religion, ugh, this is my mom. can't fucking stand listening to her talk about people that will burn in hell because wtf ever they don't believe. I think God really doesn't stress what mess we make outta this because in the end it isn't that big of a deal. The life we live weights heavy enough on ourselves (and the ones we loved / hate) through out our live to be punishment for the wrong actions we take. But that all comes to a end one day regardless and He knows this most and simply views us as kids who don't understand but will learn.
Mark 12:41-44 ^41 Jesus sat down opposite the place where the offerings were put and watched the crowd putting their money into the temple treasury. Many rich people threw in large amounts. ^42 But a poor widow came and put in two very small copper coins, worth only a few cents. ^43 Calling his disciples to him, Jesus said, “Truly I tell you, this poor widow has put more into the treasury than all the others. ^44 They all gave out of their wealth; but she, out of her poverty, put in everything—all she had to live on.”
Yay, when XI event coming anyways?
[[T]](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/IzcLXsRw0Go/maxresdefault.jpg)
I mean its not like it's one of the top grossing Final Fantasy games of all time due to subscription base. *mad face*
yes :) he called out those who's only mind was on money pretty much every chance he got.
[It's just... just so...](http://cdn.meme.am/instances/51340205.jpg)
Not sure if it is the same creator but [ro lightsabers](http://ro-lightsaber.blogspot.com/) does some AMAZING looking work, especially the [Obi Wan cutaway saber](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-VWAn8tUZqcg/UGWyVhydvWI/AAAAAAAAC-o/mvnO7KqVO0w/s1600/Obi-Wan+Kenobi+Lightsaber+Cutaway+x.jpg) edit: hmm might be him, [looks like he just did one recently](http://ro-lightsaber.blogspot.hu/2015/10/luke-esb-ver2-dagobah.html)
Then a close proximity ship fly-by.
It is good to see a job well done be rewarded. The only way we can speak to the disney is through our wallets and it is good to let them know that *this (VII)* is clearly what we wanted. (despite all the initial knee jerkin)
and the foam footballs!
wow, in tears... i think i must play this
Aren't you gonna be able to augment what characters can use anyways... so who cares about the 4* monk?
you noticed... he probably did just as easily. Doors already open now. :)
A breeze came through the window and hit me in the face at just the right time too.
gotta replace that dummy...
we'll now i need to see this -_-
F
could be the same universe... one kinda of alien would only mean theres several kinda aliens.
i was having weird messages pop up and couldn't switch profiles for a while last night, in charlotte, NC
naw, ambient light glow from super nuke water = everything gets a faint ~~green~~ blue tone.
This is my other ability on my main retaliate guy. I just started getting 5 star ability and even though it's r1 i have yet to get to need the third use before the monster is dead. Very powerful indeed.
damn, Y'shtola still has no MC2? that sucks
or just go to a diving store and pick up a shark mail suit...
No what your looking for is in a scuba store... and it's called a shark mail suit. Granted your average smaller town store will not have one but find a bigger store and your golden.
Star Wars, because even if I wasn't force sensitive I could travel the galaxy as a smuggler / salvager / ship for hire.
Problem with that is it can have seams or panels that little grubby zombie fingers can get in and tear apart. Shark mail isn't seamless but is still pretty solid.
an event or actual realm stages?
just got full break last night and leveling up rydia and cecil to 65 &amp; 80 today so this might be what i have to do since i have no wall SBs. Cecil / rampart, celes / shell SB, lenne / protect is what ill be working with, you think that's enough?
5.1/7
Screw Daryl, when the hell is [this guy](http://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/vulture/2015/10/19/19-carl-3.w529.h352.jpg) gonna lop off his locks?
it really does distract me... like who in their right mind would have such a perfect "clutching zombie handle" right atop their heads?
yeah it works in the comics... but it falls straight down, doesn't have all this fluff and bounce (although there would be a vast unused amount of hair products)
I'll check back when they stop fighting... tldr: it's deep
sometimes taking the low road *is* taking the high ground, from a certain point of view...
A lot of these people have stop paying for a while and have racked up late fees and other stuff to = massive bills. This has been happening for longer than a month.
This has been happening for a while now and people stopped paying the bills because who the fuck would??? Tack on some late fees and a few months of this and yes that is what their bills are looking like now.
100% agree and i am sure everyone else does as well, just pointing out the way this is worded makes it seems like each bill is that much. The only ridiculous thing happening here is that these companies actually expect to be paid for a shit job, not that they over charge.
Not sure how active he is but the craftsmanship and attention to detail alone should put RO-Lightsabers on this list. [Linky to gallery](http://lightsaber-gallery.blogspot.hu/)
holy shit... someone has made it therefore i can make it!
i enjoyed the slight bit of hesitant *"i can do this... NOPE!"*
(US Navy) Humanitarian deployment 2005 (Dominican Republic) - We used buses after getting in country to get to the more remote areas... Guys bus sign smack dab in the center of the window said "Human Traffic King."
yeah but the last time we saw this color scheme on a DC product was the blacklight gang from Batman forever XD *holds breath*
Wait... is this a "fuck it, lets throw all things star wars together and make it a game" type thing?
something as simple as JJ: "Hey lets talk about the main baddie being a girl... no? ok." Is all it would really take for that line to be true. I think the sentence after that says more that it isn't the Emperor since they wouldn't have worded it that way if he was.
yeah it was unsettling to say the least XD
sounds like the person who asked her the question completely destroyed the paraphrase lol.
You should watch Girls then... wife was watching em so i did just to see what to expect from him and he kills it.
so clearly distracted then.
Who's that pokeman?
I think one of his powers having the ability to project images in peoples heads and easily deceit em.
he's fucking shredded that's for sure ^or ^so ^i've ^heard
Vader probably didn't take it with him on his Tie Advanced to the Battle of Yavin so it was in the first death star when it went boom boom. o7
I think the 3 trailers that showed off SW The Old Republic (this one is from [hope](https://youtu.be/cQjBJJ34yWE?t=122))was perfect in a sense that they show a little bit more control over the force but nothing to over the top.
lol?? i just saw this comment on r/ffxiv whats happening!?!
[really...](http://imgur.com/iMRXdaf)
why on God's green earth wouldn't they finish that piece of art? #feetlivesmatter!
So a (chance at) double summon? Would this be better than restore 1 summon each round?
This was [my prediction](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/3zf9pn/what_are_your_no_guts_no_glory_predictions_for/cylv5ev) on that thread about two weeks back... JJ is really good at calling back to all the previous installments in a series (like star trek) and it seems prefect to reference some obscure person, barely talked about from ep. 3 because little was said about him (gives more breathing room for artist interpretation) and people were/are so NOT focused on the prequels that most would have just missed it.
Plagueis knew that Sidious was gonna betray him, he also knew this stuid rule of two was the ultimate downfall of the Sith and wanted to rid himself of this bondage so when the time came he let sidious do his thing and tricked him into thinking he killed him in his sleep (since he was/is a master of projecting things in peoples minds... which also supports how he reached out to Ben) Now that Sidious thinks hes dead he able to carry out his master plan of creating the very thing that will destroy Sidious... and does.
From a certain point of view... you see the Jedi's interpretation of the force, just like the sith, is absolute. I see "bringing balance to the force" by wiping out all the people who interpret the force as something inherently good or bad, but it's neither... only what you make of it. The old jedi rules and the rule of two was just not working...
this is what i read in the book... [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTA-j8MB4SQ) give this a listen and see the mind frames of both Sidious and Plagueis right before his death. All in all, even in the movie we are talking about a person who has become so powerful that he in turn uses this power to save people he loves... that does not sound like a sith to me. Sounds like someone who is more like a grey sith (is that even a thing like grey jedi?)
they were also [carrying stormtroopers inside](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/xq4cjtepsyrgh6doo6qd.jpg) which explains the bus like body. They were not ment to be ground to air and the speeders tripping em weren't even made for battle.
All that rage... he would attack her mentally and she would put up a good little fight but ultimately would crush her... maybe internally and we just see a tears of blood come out. Almost as if he didn't mean to do it because his power is so out of control... and whoever his holding the darkness over his eyes let it go for a second so normal Ben can see what he just did... nothing would push him to becoming a "Darth" faster.
Found George Lucas... NO! you can still sell that stuff...
exactly what i'm referencing... as if they wouldn't / couldn't ever sell M. Falcon stuff if it were to be destroyed.
I meant the fan in the doorway is blowing towards the window... but hey you could put a fan in the window (the intake side facing inside) to help suck more air out. Or a leaf blower for the fall time!
Was in the U.S. Navy for 8 years as a photgrapher and i couldn't even tell you how many times i was told "yeahhh you cant show people that." And we're not talking serious stuff here like troop movement, more like the [arresting gear](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/FA-18_Trap.jpg) we use on carriers (to catch the planes) and how when we're done with em we just roll em back up and toss them overboard. You would say obviously but i was more dumbfounded by half the shit i saw and snapped away regardless knowing it would go nowhere.
I mean by the time they are asking those questions the guy/gal is already selected... it would be really shitty to back out at that point.
follow up... could you make it into a afro if sufficient amount of hair and picked?
I find it funny that this weirds people out... you have *any* idea how easy it is to keep your asshole clean without all that hair to catch stuff?
Because what you use to shave your face to the skin you should *defiantly* use to shave your asshole... and not a electric trimmer with height settings &gt;.&gt;
Ahhhh true
son of a bitch...
&gt; nothing would push him to becoming a "Darth" faster. that's why i said "become a Darth," i know he's not one but bet your shiny bullocks he is striving to attain the title of his grandfather.
Now with motion sickness!^^TM
I was imagining the scene playing out with their duel getting really intense and since leia is as strong as she could be then she puts him down pretty quick but when he readies himself for the second attack she has a vision as to why she would have to lose and since he's winding up for a big attack she goes in completely unguarded and he crushes her... even better if he was ordered not to kill her and bring her in but completely fucks that up. I don't think he would have wanted to even in his anger... he already took that out, but maybe she realizes that her death would ultimately be what saves him?
i would imagine battling the G's pushing you around would be half of what racers train for.
yeah i guess one would get used to it
Don't have to imagine to much... Did a lot of aerial photography when I was in the Navy and being up in helo's all day (even if the G's are only from banking) plus the constant vibration would put me to sleep like a baby once I got back to the ship. Being in shape is paramount to regulating blood flow... *squeeze the butt, squeeze the legs!*
Yeah this seems more on point with Ben's view. He cherishes that helmet so it would make sense that the only *living* connection he has to Vader he would hold close. (considering that Luke is probably dead to him) This leads me to believe what you said about Leia being a catalysis for Ben going full baddie (but not by his hand)... They did say VIII was gonna be much darker.
aww i'm to late for the clone wars wagon!?! [this scene](https://youtu.be/ZXmdfbjhxqw?t=7467) was on the top list because of the intense vader retribution after destroying the base.
Interesting that this almost appears to be a yin-yang.
Just realized we need Godbert... oh mai that would be glorious.
actually glad we have *some* insight as to whats coming so that those of us who can't drop $1k+ on banners can save up mythril XD
&gt; Yda SSB: 6 single hits with Armour Breakdown AND party ATK buff. oh man that would be so welcome to my advantaliate team T_T
more x11 relic draws.
As a father of 4... oldest being my 9 year old, smart ass boy... I feel as if this is a 100% accurate depiction of what I would do in the exact same situation.
"Never really wanted you anyways."
Digital Directing ^^TM
AYE! *raises hand*
looks like it just keeps shrugging a exaggerated "IDK!?"
I wasn't really expecting a drawn out summon animation with shines but what we did get was kinda crap... that megaflare doesn't even really seems to match.
I had to S/L my way through the elite version of this so many damn times. They have officially replaced that stupid red dragon and his damned heat wave (by a HUGE margin) as worst trash mob.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I only have Zack's buster sword so I will probably hard charge after Cloud's BSSB... which reminds me, will we (global) see Zack's MC2 anytime soon because him and cloud at lv.80 (with BSSB) + synergy would officially put VII realm to bed in my book.
well then the "kiddy pool" right next to it will totally catch you off guard... it's where people hwho don't even know how to swim are taught, but i always understood it as people who don't know how to swim will fight 10x harder than someone how does because if the ship goes down... yeah you get it.
We call it "rate" and regardless of that you will end up on a ship sooner or later. There are very few jobs that have you avoiding ships enough to never deploy but those are few and far between and a lot of em are being phased out. It was always really hard to listen to/respect my Senior Chief (e8) because of the nature of his legacy rate (JO/Journalist) he ended up never deploying... ever. Made it to 20 years without every deploying kinda reduced your Navy experiences to a seamen fresh out of boot hence why we always butt heads.
The implication of a digitally evolved life form introduced to our plane of existence is something I would want to see.
a bit of a side note but i always thought a great use of the 3d tech is creating depth in the frames. Pushing stuff outside the frame is tricky in that it kills immersion but if done properly it pushes you even further in... see the avatar right when jake wakes up and that blue liquid dot floating in front of him, watching that in IMAX 3D put that liquid ball perfectly in the center of the theater and it was crazy. Also when jake looked over the side while up in that massive tree and you could really get a sense of depth and how tall the tree was, it actually made me get a bit of vertigo which perfectly described what jake was probably feeling t the moment.
puling out rules and regulations is kind of a mute point... clearly some of these did not happen or wasn't followed or, like you said, we're not being told everything which is probably more likely.
I was pondering what a complete item overhaul would look like and how they would try and balance it if the player was the one (not drops) to use items (like potion / hi potion). I think the issues you bring up could be solved by this as well as diversifying the entire game all together. Of course there are tons of OP issues that would ned to be addressed... maybe a limit on how much items you can use per fight.
They defiantly have some of the extended scenes in the Blu Ray pod racing scene like when Anakin's couplers failed and he was spinning around and had to use that magnet thing to retrieve it. I don't remember that being in the movies.
apparently it has been really hard for someone to really capture the likeness of Rey... (Daisy) even more so if you do it in a particular style like the bigger eyes here.
It's hard to draw a exact likeness because it is the imperfections artist tend to skip or smooth out... like deadpool mentioned she has a larger forehead but it seems pretty proportionate here. Also another thing is the eyes... which are usually changed to fit the style. Daisy has some pretty unique eyes with a huge range of looks (normally squinty when she gets anywhere close to smiling) so i think thats where most are losing it since they are usually made larger like here.
those are pretty spot on lol
even with such an identifiable feature... TIL.
he was playing the [cat *and* the hat.](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/seuss/images/3/32/Cat-hat-pages.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120610190028)
' "(( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°))" '
[Here](http://www.dafont.com/aurebesh.font) is the font package if anyone is interested.
or "IDK how but i'll make it work."
surface to air to space to ship movability has NOTING TO FUCKING DO with a story line of any sort. I'm so sad at this game.
Jazz handing the fuck outta that thing!
Was just watching all of em with the family as well and said this same thing to my wife and she said that Shmi S. owned them but i said "just because you hand build a car and give it away doesn't mean you have ultimate "take backsies."
I ment to say that they clearly don't understand what we wanted in this game and isn't because we don't have certain characters. And now they are trying to point their finger in the only direction they can.
I did read it and it sounded like a bunch of bullshit, I used be a journalist for the US Navy so I have written a fair amount of bullshit in my time (and don't go all nazi editor on me... I hated writing, that job was lumped in with graphic design so I had to take a few shitty jobs to get the good ones) It's clearly misdirection because I haven't heard a single person complain about TFA characters in Battlefront but mostly about gameplay. (or lack there of)
[SPACESHIP!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYk9q9UBnmg)
noticed that, not sure.
I just knew that's the timeline we are in... Shit.
No flag coming out of the top of the castle???
Among other things "actions taken" is something you're scored on (see the medals at the end) and "defend" eats into those, especially if you needed to do it more than once. The goal thing could work though.
Lenna's (FFV) WHM sprite [has the heals!](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/finalfantasy/images/c/c4/FFRK_Lenna_sprites.png/revision/latest?cb=20150314204748) \^_^
My wife has a few good ones but my favorite hands down is "tor-let" for toilet.
Or M'zone ? *tips helm*
&gt;But fuck him ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Kinda late but there is one show in particular where he talks about all the other mediums he has worked in and how he would spend way more time than he liked working on the fine little details of things. it wasn't until painting that he found how he could recreate those extremely detailed &amp; completely random images with a flick of the wrist and that it was a huge revelation to his work which, as we all see, created a master of his craft.
Totally possible that the hound is the one who saves Arya from Waif because I don't see "finding who you are" enough to beat the faceless man.
Wouldn't the fact that people have been theorizing about this for 10+ years have anything to do with it? So that might be seriously building the hype.
Easy there killer... How about we beat Waif first lol.
Holy shit crawlers nest... That place went do deep
I mean with a good puller and great team synergy you could be getting chain after chain.
So the amazing scene that unfolds before us in issue 100 could have been even more fucked up? So in reality he even screwed up that then as well...
Pretty much what I think except the cutting off of the face isn't symbolic... I think it is a ritual to add that face to the collection that they can use from then on.
Ahh true... Maybe the magic that lets him change faces can also work on people who are alive but just takes more energy to project vs. the dead faces.
The fruit of the [gympie gympie](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendrocnide_moroides)
Baby Moose : 0 Sprinkler : 1
Would Shaz's SSB Godsend stack with Inagural parade and Lulu's Focus for MAG+?
You... You wouldn't!
Crystal... Not even once.
I'm in love with that one right now. I have always wondered, do you get more SB charge for double cast?
:(... I kinda had a feeling because even with procs I found myself in U+ needing to swap for ace striker or something for a faster aoe heal.
Seeing all the potential for XI and XVI makes me want to see future events (specifically for the mmos) based in multi player. Fights like the notorious Nael Deus Darnus (FFXIV) could be closer to the actual fight, in terms of mechanics, if played with the same number of characters from the original.
I think as a narrative tool, the time jump is used because nothing of significance happens. Plus it would just feel like someone quit/got fired if they just left between seasons... Not "they died during the winter from pneumonia."
Not the car... The man. He was the Elon musk of today... Pissing off car manufacturers left and right. He said something to the effect of greed killing the muscle car era because business men insisted on *making* cars (less cost / more dangerous) rather than engineers *designing* them. (more cost for better product)
The Arrgo Crag has been loosing some weight.
Damn dyslexia XD
Honestly, I have never seen nails fly out of a nail gun straight. That 100% does not mean you are good to go without glasses now because even a rotation nail could land this way... Just saying, the demonstration shown is worse case scenario.
Yeah but their range sucked XD
I mean... She could have drank a few drugs the actress had up in the cabinet. Not that hard of a work around.
Fart box kiss
Asteroid belt miner (independent crew not huge sub contractor)
Everyone knows Judith is immune...
$500 from a $20 scratch off... The true win was for some reason my biggest win (at that point) made me stop wasting money on scratch offs.
It will return to the forest again.
Well most things look like shit when the paint job fades :P
I purpose I new strategy... Every plane that lands in the state now needs to inform you that EVERY SINGLE FUCKING BODY OF WATER IN FLORIDA HAS GATORS!!! Lived in Orlando for almost 20 years, there will be a gator in the flipping pot hole that just filled up from the afternoon rains... Just don't.
It says... "Because you touch yourself at night."
Just go pee yourself and the dog will either want to mimic you or mark the spot you just peed on. Worked on my 9 month old, lazy Af Golden. Pro tip: let the neighbors see to establish dominance.
Anyone heard anything new from mobile ffxi? Spent 3 years in that game (zilart thru toau) and quit before I really wanted to so I'm kinda holding my breath. The [one SS](http://www.develop-online.net/cimages/18f874d23c29fac2e1010ea3871356e3.jpg) released looks promising
Iirc in the game he was only powerful at the very last level... Stats were shit till the end where they skyrocket. Would be nice if they did something similar.
I really hope he can equip all the things if his stats are like tryos. It's a fair trade plus stays true to the character.
Imma piggy back off this and ask... What are they good for (besides the ko) because I have never used em.
ffs... So your telling me the U+ battle (Caius) would have been much easier with the mythril armlet and memento ring? It straight up negates it (% chance) ?
Did I miss something or did both of your conclusions end up with a destabilized Saudi Arabia where war lords will take advantage of regardless?
Uh hi I'm here for the 3 dong operation...
Haha that's rich. That's gonna happen regardless, we have had to much involvement with the area to claim indifference.
I actually got away with no dispel and lost three medals for not hitting ice guy with fire since it seemed he reflected first no mater what but still got the master. Hope to break out [my mages](https://imgur.com/a/9STJk) more often Edea - parade Terra - MM Ingus - tank/Gaia's V Riona - WS RM was focus.
when can I expect this?
Change with the times or get left behind!
Ugh I thought it was way closer, thxs.
ZIP.
I would think that because of the oil... The worst possible scenario will play out. And honestly those all still sound like eventual fall into ISIS control.
Haven't had enough battles with em to figure out the timing but the madness of the fights make it that much more fun
Interesting. Just seems like everyone is eye balling em like a piñata about to burst. I would hope the better of the options happen though.
But after that!!! Self powered surf boards!
Doesn't count as next day if you don't sleep.
&gt;Part of me wish they showed more footage of him getting eaten by the dogs. Glad I'm not the only one that wanted to see him suffer more :)
As seen when he feed others to them... They were trained not to move when the cages first open.
5 stars: Enhancer -Terra Magistral Rod - Yuna Cardinal - Riona - had one so now 6* Rest were 3 star.
Hmmm... Good point, maybe they *did* hesitate because he was their master.
The tension Andrew Lincoln's amazing performance left me feeling so fucking uncomfortable and shaky with adrenalin that I felt like I was there. I will not feel like I am there when season 7 starts because that tension has had 6 FUCKING MONTHS TO FADE!!
He was still their master... Even super starved they hesitated. When he feed his brother to em they didn't move at all when he first opened the cages so that might have helped the hesitation.
The mind is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised.
100 gem - 4 star 5 mythril - 5 star - Red Armlet 300 gem - 3 star Edit: Few hours later 300 gem - 5 star - Emerald Shield... ^Damnit ^lol ^where's ^the ^SSBs! ^^^^still ^^^^grateful
Whatever man
Wanted this forever and ever... I would evolve it into items that attract multiple minions like a bowl of milk and cat food then all the cat minions you have unlocked wander the house... Even better if they can knock (move) shit down.
This better not awaken anything...
Sell it to AMC? Do you want to burry any chance of it being good?
It's because of the glare she's rocking here... She's still not done fucking shit up.
I mean... [this kinda looks like a road still being used](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b4/9d/82/b49d8215c20214d75837cb9f5a183ca7.jpg) *we don't need roads* (even though we still use em) makes way more sense.
What an absolutely sickening cash grab. Fuck you AMC. You are literally the EA of TV... Selling us cuss words like its DLC.
Don't change lanes till the entire truck clears the top of the mirror... Or tell the duck to sit back down and buckle his seat belt.
*Open the blast door! Open the blast door!*
I've never stood up shouting at a TV before... Especially when my 4 kids are sleeping. Zero fucks given, beyond amazing!
I used to frequent this sub a lot. Love the comics and show and really wish I still did... But I have just lost all faith. They literally know what we want but would rather make more money in giving it to us. I haven't un-subbed because I do still enjoy the occasional info so that's why I still see stuff like this and this one's reaction couldn't be contained.
&gt;~~This subreddit~~ AMC is trash now. FTFY. There are good business practices and there are really shitty business practices... But let's just go a head and pretend like only good decisions can be made and no one can be upset about them.
Ha! I was gonna throw in an edit because I saw this reasoning... The simple fact of the matter is that AMC knew what we wanted and instead of giving that to us (because we have already bought it via cable / internet service) they instead opted to charge us once again.. You pay to see TWD on AMC... why the fuck should I have to pay AGAIN to see the exact same thing except with a few F bombs.
Did you ever find out how he lost it? Shoulder down or elbow down?
omg please...
Iirc breaking bad was made by Sony and sold to AMC.
Yeah but more flies gather round shit.
Math checks out.
He could have got triple stacks or a really potent mix... It's a designer drug so lots of different results.
[ah fuc](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_X6VoFBCE9k)
This was back in the 90s should have mentioned XD not saying this is when it happened for the other guy but what my experience includes.
Since people have many titles to declare shit that happened... This ones perfect for his time spent on the wall. Should be followed by something explaining how he got out by dying. Like "filler of oath" or something way sexier.
I'm pretty sure it is the overwhelming differences she takes away from each person she gets that close with... Like how one person hands were trembling as they went to finger her. She is not asserting dominance... She's "people watching" on hard mode. Edit: and it's possible she wants the person to enjoy what she is via the mirrors.
You must not forget psychological influences... Because sometimes you can hear the pain behind words. Can't even begin to imagine how many systems in the brain that involve.
I can't believe you've done this.
When I read this all I can think about is how long cable companies have been relying on people leaving their tv on (probably because they fell asleep) for ratings... God this model needs to go.
DRAGONBOWL HYPE!! No really that would be crazy.
That theory is 17 years old? Damn that's a wait.
Tell that to the fucking Hound...
Not only that but there isn't a single non-perishable surface you touch. Just the new roll and, if you're careful the old roll. Very conscience of germ spreading.
ha that's pretty good XD
Pretty sure *everything* is a valuable commodity behind bars.
I wonder if Reddit hosting images now will fix that?
I'm still thinking they got one last phase after osb. Because omnislash -- [actual ultimate weapon](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120402225414/finalfantasy/images/a/a6/UltimaWeapon-ffvii-cloud.png)
Been thinking about t9 mechanics for a while like for the meteor mechanic / golem phase you can have the icon appear over someone's head then you defend to pass it to the next person and just ensure two don't land on top each other (hard mode could be 3 meteors that each have to be a space apart) If done right you spawn the x3 RGB golems that are easy to burn down. but if wrong a super golem that can be burned down but it's real tough. Ive come up with all sorts of evil ways to punish keepers with this fight since it was the hardest during its day. Edit: would be even better if they made it for the multiplayer!
Still never got a whisker :(... Even after when it could be 3-4 manned. Fun fight though.
Yeah at level 60 uncapped, I've seen some who can single tank it but I still like to two tank it to keep the mog tanks separate. Still have to follow mechanic to the tee though so people need to know who to follow.
Cut off one head and 3 grow back!!!
Howland Reed
Man I just destroyed this guy/girl? with a smashed up version of [Mage/summon.](https://imgur.com/a/qflMB) Also just got penelos healing ssb so that really freed up tryo because she can use break dance. SB are inaugural parade, Riona &amp; terra ssb, intercession, SG. Also adel always uses shell first so doing the quick attack then flee to charge SB works.
Plz no
How do the trust abilities work? They unlock at a certain level and do you use em like LBs? And when "smashing people together" you use the same person and it says "trust up" how's all that work? Literally just started so excuse the sillyness.
