At some point with the level of product placement we have been seeing... its 24/7
We still could have a Stanis battle...
You mean a timer that tells me I have to go x amount faster! Glorious idea!!
I have just mapped the yellows in my head on my route home. there are the turn outs for the turn lanes and they have these long solid white lines. Generally my rule of thumb is that if I am next to that line I can make the yellow since that is what the road designers decided was enough room to move out of traffic and safely stop for a light. Now sometimes you will get the stupid long turn lanes for lights that are high traffic but the majority of the time this works for me.
If done right this can cut congestion, if done poorly it causes it. If you are at a 4 way stop and 2 cars are traveling in opposing directions and can clear the intersection during the same period of time this allows twice the traffic flow.
Normal day.
Prices fall, company cuts budgets because you can never show a loss, building falls into disrepair, no one rents anymore, goes bankrupt, all housing lost.
IMHO, a soldier is whatever, a veteran is a hero. Once you have made the decision to put you're life on the line to fight as my proxy I owe you a debt I cannot repay. I don't care if you are as the person below a cook or in front line infantry, you have put yourself in harms way for me and our country.
Honestly, the only thing that could make a crypto currency worth anything is some sort of tracking and accountability system. Yeah anonymity is great for drugs and hookers but for a stable system that can be trusted it needs a paper trail, especially on the internet. I don't have the money to risk some new hack that takes all of my bitcoins.
My first seizure cat!
I can only imagine what happens when the cat stops running with that much inertia on the wheel with that little friction...
Or blow part of a babys chest off... not that anyone has tested that... oh wait...
Yay! Lets keep F1 using crap technology and nearly no suspension as we wouldn't want any real relevant tech to be designed.
What if we build a 56 rail wide slab of tracks and have bumper to bumper train cars...
That video demonstrates why open carry should be practiced more often. Every single one of those officers should be absolutely ashamed.
Yep as an atheist I know the feels. As a man with many religious family members though, those words are comfort and easily forgotten.
As an atheist I like to think of it this way. I never know someone in real time, everything is on a slight delay and my feelings for them are just memories. Memories are just electrical and chemical pulses that move between the wiring of a brain. I know when I die my electrical pathways die with me but as long as I am remembered I am still triggering neural pathways in another brain. I am imprinted on the brain of another and because of that I am as alive as I ever was but just not creating any new pathways. Death is not to be feared, to be forgotten is scary.
The only practical wheelie is a ever so slight power wheelie in first racing from a dig, past that keep 2 down on tha ground.
Plenty of new tech, they have to design shocks and springs that have much more travel than they currently do since the tire sidewall isn't much of the the suspension anymore. This means figuring out how to jam that into a very small space. Then they have wheel tech, they have to figure out the lightest and strongest way to make the wheels since larger rims are generally a little heavier. The brake tech changes also, they can have more variation in rotor design, cooling, and operating temp. It all combines into a massive change for every team and a new category of engineering competition.
And I think you have no clue what goes into suspension geometry and design and how much more dynamic the suspension will have to be if they move from the 13 inch wheel. Right now the majority of the suspension is in the tire. The move to 18s takes all of that away.
http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif
Would be bad for me... Worked out well for my wife.
From east texas, may be able to shed some light. Looked like he was throwing another bit of pipe onto the end of the drill. He first removes the piece that connects to the drive side of the drill, this is what he puts over to the right. He then latches onto a new section of drill pipe and screws it onto the end of the pipe in the ground. Now they push that pipe down and put the drive connection back on and they can drill another 10 foot or so section. (Not a roughneck, not sure of any of the terminology)
Do you want to kill the last good paying jobs for the uneducated masses... cause that's how you start the beginning of the end.
Pretty sure they fail a lot. From east Texas... brother in law is a roughneck/oil field trash, does lots of meth, lost his 3 sons... Every time he comes home he gets clean... every time he goes back to the field he gets back on the shit... Until that one time he brought some back and now I have a meth addicted sister in law.
So if we had a sailor sub ohming a flavor like a subway sandwich while listening to yellow submarine which is subliminally sublime... you would have... A sub ohm sub sailor sub ohming sub sammich while sailing subliminally into the sublime submarine songs
Clean efficient nuclear energy!
Look, at least I'm not FIFA...
That is a ridiculous article... it uses the value of your vehicle in the equation... The average adult would have their car even if they worked from home 100% of the time. Also every mile is 795 dollars a year... not 15900, the 795 dollars is just the interest on 15900 not the principal.
That's just like your opinion man... I dunno someone told me to post this here, I made this for /r/electronic_cigarettes
No, TIL that to run a business doing hair braiding you needed a license and training and a certificate saying you were licensed... But now NO MORE! *waits for someone with a bad braid to have some sort of legal issue*
Im okay with them paying for other peoples hospital visits... when they pay for mine. Single payer system or bust!
Dude... im from Texas and this seems fucked up........ Texas....
Got that backwards, multi log is you are sorta playing one then the other. Multibox is you have everything synchronized perfectly and macroed so that all of your toons are playing at 100%
http://viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/sites/viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/files/tower1_0.png This one wins.
I just did this. Unless you are willing to spend hours in the attic pulling cables hire someone. It is a massive PITA and if you mess up you can only blame yourself. I ran 1 cable and called an electrician. A few notes, always run more cables than you will need. If you think you need 2 drops for a room run 4 even if you don't patch them in. Cable is cheap. Also buy more than 1 spindle if possible. Pulling 2-4 runs at a time is easier than 1 run at a time.
O_o Raid 10 gives a 100% speed boost over a single spindle with 4 drives. So 4 SSDs would be a 2X read/write increase roughly.
9 VMs running off of it could use it depending on demand. I use 2 SSDs in a RAID 0 for the OS/games (backed up) partion on my desktop and enjoy the 1GB/s Read. a RAID 1 would also be a suitable option for redundancy.
You need a fuel filter.
We found the person who doesn't clean up after their dog...
It gets me when I go some place that isn't the grocery store. I buy a bunch of crap and they are like... oops no bags... damn you frys and your million tiny deals.
I still get my plastic bag fix in Round Rock.
You do understand that is in whole impossible right? Stock price has no effect on a company other than psychological and by influencing decisions based on the CEO/board's ownership stake. If you own X shares of a company and it still has assets... your shares are never worthless... At worst you own X percent of the assets of the company after debt. For the entire market to go bust you would have to have EVERY company listed hit 0 which means its debt is worth more than its assets.
Because humans aren't meant to be as "productive" as we are. Our productivity is killing us.
We found the person who gets angry about jokes...
Massive gyroscopic forces from the wheels probably helped a lot.
This is /meme... no one goes to /meme...
Make all the PU's cost the same. Unlimited development. All development must be passed to any customer teams immediately. Bam done. Costs are now fixed so if merc wants to throw a bill at the engine they can but they aren't going to get to anything more than a better engine.
Tires are also about the same weight as standard ones and those are the furthest from the center so have the most gyroscopic effect.
Maybe it's grouping people that donated 1000 and 500000 in the same bucket. So on one side you have 0 dollars and the other you have 1-infinite dollars.
RAIDing consumer drives doesn't show a speed increase in client applications. This is not a client box this is a server with potential for high I/O requirements.
i TAUGHT i SAW A PUTY TAT. Bam, no one can say he didn't think he saw a cat... It would basically take a full on confession to get more than a manslaughter charge on that dude... or at least it should.
Texas has a straight 10% rule. Though a cop could always ticket you for something else.
He didn't make a great case for himself, how he handled himself after the crash was probably why he got convicted. Showing no remorse for the death of 2 people is pretty effed up. Past that, for him to get hit with first degree murder is pretty insane. First degree generally requires premeditation but the extreme indifference qualifier seems a tad insane and something any decent lawyer should be able to mitigate with a cooperative client and a plea bargain at the least. At most this guy should have gotten 2nd degree murder with a "in the heat of the moment" qualifier to drop it to a 3rd degree felony. Manslaughter or Vehicular Homicide are more appropriate. The DA threw the book at this guy and his lawyer was too shitty to correct the situation and the guy also dug his own fucking grave.
Aye, he opened his mouth... You never open your mouth.
They somehow got the 1st degree to stick based off a law designed to prosecute premeditated intent to harm anyone. E.g shooting a gun into a crowd with no intent to murder a specific person.
Simple drug test is a game over.
More like. My name is potato and I potato potato potato
The VRTX is a good box but doesn't scale well past 4 blades. There is a box called the FX2S that may be a viable option. Also if you want massive scale-ability for the future you should quote an M1000e.
He is getting paid so its a ProLapse.
Yep can already see the plants dying and the ground look like its dry as shit... Its like a picture representing why my electric bill is through the roof.
I always wanted to do a vertical mount for a rack server with the butt of the server sticking up so that the intake got cool air and exhausted it up.
I remember my epic run away. I packed up some snacks and a few juice boxes. I took my traveling companion, a little green lizard I had caught in a mason jar and went and made a base camp just on the outside of the bushes in my yard. I think I lasted 30 mins and then wanted air conditioning again.
"Awww, thank you" is the appropriate response, or "aren't you sweet"... If you don't like the person complementing you then say whatever though.
For any reasonable parent, that also spanks their child, a 3 year olds tantrum is in no way punishable by a spanking. Jesus, you people seem to think that if you spank your kid that is the go to first line of punishment when in reality it should be your last recourse. Spanking is for repeat and grievous infractions only. A child crying is natural and part of a child's development. Most of the time it is to simply be ignored to show the child that it has no effect. Spanking should never be done in haste or anger. If you cannot control yourself with a child you have issues that go far beyond being a parent. My parents spanked me, it was probably the only punishment they could give me that mattered to me. My parents did spanking in a way that was appropriate, metered and effective. I was sent to my room for my parents to have a moment to calm down, you should never spank when you are angry and never show that anger in the spanking. The waiting for the spanking was 10X worse than the spanking itself. Knowing it was coming and being unable to stop it was the worst part. My father would normally be charged with the spanking duty. He would sit me down and talk with me about what happened and what I had done and why I was being punished. I ofcourse tried to blubber my way out of it but he knew if I talked my way out of the punishment it would be a worthless lesson. He would give me my pops and then it was over. I would be angry and in a huff and he would leave so I could calm down. Once I wasn't as angry any more my parents would both give me a hug/kiss and tell me they still loved me. This is how spanking should happen. This is a foundation for a system of punishment that is not abusive but is definitively effective. There is no need to beat your child or abuse them.
Servers are mounted horizontally in generally 42U+ rack. They have a cold side and hot side cooling system though. I do servers for a living :). My idea is for vertical mounting where instead of a hot or cold side you have cool air on the bottom and it sucks it up through the chassis and blows it up, it is also assisted by thermodynamics of hot air rising.
/u/JeSuisUnAnanasYo's picture is of a skull cap not a half face. Half face helmets cover most of what a full face does but with no chin bar. They are better than nothing but I wouldn't feel safe with one.
UNLESS EVERYONE IS A DOMAIN ADMIN DUMB DUMB DUMB!!!!
At the point you can be put in a cage I think most of you're rights have been revoked.
Triranatops-rex
Could you imagine the frustration of getting on the "toll lane" and then being stuck behind a bus...
What is ruined can never ruin.
Have you seen what happened to that woman from some spilled coffee? http://www.vanosteen.com/news/images/mcdonalds-coffee-lawsuit.jpg
They are whatever the fuck everyone calls them.
Working the phone is not the issue, its the pocket size.
I wear baggy pants, its not that it doesn't fit, it just isn't comfortable.
Cargo pants are so out.
It can be crammed into a pocket but is uncomfortable for sitting.
WTB Steve Jobs back...
Always wait till the last day!
This is a badly used meme... you should feel bad.
Just 4 broken legs...
So much work for a worthless ego clearomizer.
Build one around a subtank nano http://www.myvaporstore.com/Kangertech-Subtank-Nano-3ml-Tank-p/krstn-k.htm
Meh at this point its kinda whatever, he doesn't have to run a sub ohn coil in it and it gives options for the future.
The bigger drivers probably have to be nearly malnourished on race weekends.
Yep, too long of a fuse, I throw 30 second timers at deer... very explosive.
Sorry, that is totally wrong. Look at the new macbook... its a tablet with a keyboard for more than a grand... Its a glorified netbook of the past.
&gt;iTunes Enough said...
Follow the kernel revisions. Vista was 6 Windows 7 was 6.1 - 6+1=7 Windows 8 was 6.2 - 6+2=8 Windows 8.1 was 6.3 - Fuck 8.1 Windows 10 is 6.4. - 6+4=10
Seems like they did after the initial release... fuck it... its called windows 10 don't ask questions... *lights hair on fire and runs out screaming*
She will just fall asleep every time she hears it...
Gotta use a clicker on these types.
1 toe please.
Many companies have it, most don't use it. There are really only 2 options. 1. Stop letting companies use hundreds of thousands of IPv4 addresses for private computers and do an audit of the address space. or 2. Stop routing IPv4 though someone like Level 3. As we have seen with windows XP... a corporation will do a hell of a lot to not change shit.
Good server, stock it with at least 2x 8GB of RAM. 1 small SSD to boot and grab 2x 1TB drives in a RAID 1 for storage.
We really wouldn't know till a full audit is done. They were so careless with the original ipv4 addresses that no one even knows where most are assigned to or if the company they are assigned to is even in business anymore.
http://www.networkworld.com/article/2228854/microsoft-subnet/microsoft-pays-nortel--7-5-million-for-ipv4-addresses.html 700K addresses right there. Every major tech company owns a huge swath of ipv4 and most assign them to their workstations.
dell 2800 series switches may fit your need.
The massive demand is only because of companies assigning ip addresses out to client boxes or management interfaces or a million other things that don't need it all because they refuse to deploy NAT for the local network.
Yep, and I can wipe my ass with 100 dollar bills but I could put them to better use
Rule restrict the ability for you to work on it except every other weekend and a few weeks durring the winter.
Probably just the same guy did the burn in test.
By H2S Filled space, he means his wife farted and held his head under the covers.
700 people knowingly endangered their lives and lost the dice roll... How do you pity those people?
The peeping toms will be the next state over...
Sorry, there are 7 billion people on this earth... I can only care about so many and low on that list is people who kill themselves.
Well they did have a new package on Fernando's car... but it got crashed out early.
Remember these things don't have a normal valve train... the valve train in a normal ICE takes up to 25% of the power of the engine to drive.
I HAVE A 6000 HP HONDA!!! (do I get upvotes now?) Anyway, 40% may be possible in a normal ICE... at a perfectly tuned RPM... with something like a Miller cycle engine with an electric turbo...
Metric system... 800C is hot as shit...
Got any of them 8gb ECC udimms...
Atkins cycle engines (Miller cycle without superchargers) are in most hybrids. And the Mazda Millenia had a Miller cycle engine. Now who's talkin out his ass?
Im already married... but I like cake... can I get in on this cake thing?
They have already beaten Mclaren in a few races... :(
*sniffles* I miss my favorite doctor...
2x R210IIs or 1x R510
meh who needs response time, just have them all talk to eachother.
Think about that for a second. There is absolutely no way you could have the charging board connected ONLY to the batteries and not have it also connected to the chip. It all creates one circuit.
You are wrong! There is a risk of a hard ground if he doesn't perfectly touch the positive pin on that carto. If you look at the threads on that 510 you will see that the positive pin is not sticking out so he has to guide the button top inside the threaded ground section. This is a baaaad idea.
They have to be doing a multi elimination where the 3rd 4th and 5th 6th are decided
It is the same as removing the clitoral hood, that is it... no burning or cutting of the actual clitoris.
ARIN was stupid in the beginning. Now these companies own the space and it is a big asset.
Ehh, whoever was handing them out at the time. Lots of companies have huge blocks.
Well if they can sell it, they own it... And as IPv6 comes alive (if ever) then yeah there will be a devaluation, but until that day the price of an IPv4 address space does nothing but grow.
Give actual statistics, going from 1mbps to 3mbps is tripled but its still not much... In this case it went from a min of 15 to a max of 49 Gbps... in the scale of actual traffic... that is nothing... zilch...
Wouldn't any rifle be an assault rifle at that point? "Bob, could this rifle be used to assault someone?" "Why yes, yes it could." https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rKs9IUtu-Ws/maxresdefault.jpg http://accurateshooter.net/Blog/mossberg2202.jpg These 2 guns are practically identical, do you know the difference? Does one just look scary to you and one look like grampa's hunting rifle? Both can kill just the same. This retardedness about "Assault" rifles needs to fucking end.
It's on his back... Not a very strong tactical position. I would prefer to see it over his shoulder pointing up but meh.
Do you know what would happen if someone tried to do that? Most people can't shoot for shit with a hand gun (even cops), past that compensating for recoil and knowing when to fire a second time to keep accuracy is nearly impossible. You are watching a video of one of the best shots in the world. You would drop the gun after 3 shots like that and probably have fucked up your thumb.
Aye, over the shoulder is far less tactical though, he can swing muzzle down into a firing position where over the shoulder has to be dismounted and then prepared for fire. Also it stops people from taking pictures of you sweeping small children with the barrel.
Ignorance is no excuse to attempt to remove a constitutional right.
I am a proud gun owner... They sit in my closet, with no bolts installed and no ammo in the house. Why should I lose my right to have them. No one is being hurt by these 2nd amendment protests. Charge the idiots with whatever they did and leave the legal ones alone.
Learn what words mean before you use them.
I use trip b to show how many miles I have driven. I had 47K on trip b when I traded in my 2012 mustang.
&gt; Sorry you still deny the reality of the situation but if a rifle can kill 20 kids and 6 adults in 2 minutes, that's called an assault rifle. Maybe not 20 years ago but today it is and forever in the future. Definitions change, bro ;-) Cool, I just bought an assault car, I can put my assault pistol and assault baseball bat inside of it.
Are you just that dumb? Do you have no comprehension of the words I write? He doesn't need a god damn tactical position. He literally has it in one of the worst positions to be used. My comment that you so idiotically read over was commenting on that and not that he needed any sort of tactical position and that pointing it over his shoulder would be the only way to make it even more inert.
Anyone carrying a weapon has a "tactical position", even if the weapon is neutralized. If you have a knife in your pocket or a gun on your hip you have a "tactical position". He currently has the gun in a position that is nearly useless without large, slow and deliberate movements. The only position worse than what it is in now would be with the muzzle over the shoulder as it would require an even longer process.
Nope, I was saying it is in a very non tactical position where it is, it could be in a even less tactical position if it was muzzle up. My god please take some reading comprehension classes.
I would rather replace a RWD than a FWD every damn day. Fuck half shafts.
That one drank the purple kool aid.
Lots of room for a procharger!
&gt;&gt;I told my wife someone in a Mopar was going Nowar (she laughed I don't care if you do or not.) She didn't... we still love you Wwhizard
I don't see the problem...
At 70 going forward the tire could have blown the front of the fender off and the wind did the peeling back. I would say pre-existing damage as far as the side scrape unless a piece of the fender or tire ran down the side.
Do you own the building? Do you plan to take your racks with you if you leave that building? If you rent, patch to the wall for the sake of the next admin that comes in. It isn't as pretty but a hell of a lot easier on you and the next guy when it comes time to move.
Ahh, I thought something looked off there but as I am not sure what that is on it could have been bolted from the other side or something.
Sometimes "grenaded" is far to accurate...
38 vanes, sadly it would make a bad clock.
The problem with that analogy is that I don't need to spend 10k to watch tv, I have to spend 600 to play a rift game, so while the studio still makes money while the 10k tv sits on the shelf, the game devs don't, so why waste time/money on it.
\ / 0
He drove. Only 3 engineers died during testing.
I wonder what the Power to Weight comparison is here... detuned F1 engine and chassis vs Gymkhana car.
Cause it breaking isn't normally a big deal, R&amp;R it when it breaks.
"Black male with gun reported south of town running through the woods"
Why go vrtx... The M1000e replacement is soon to come out but even if you just went with the M1000e... 8-32 blades, equallogic storage, 10-40GB networking... you're a billionaire come on!
It probably doesn't have what you are allergic to in it. Get some and put a dab on your hand and see if you have a reaction, if not put some inside your elbow on the skin and see if you have a reaction, then taste a bit and see if you have a reaction. Always have some epinephrine handy.
LT DAN YOU AINT GOT NO LEGS!
Dunno how well sdram works in a skylake mobo.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
Sorry, your an idiot, to move out of a r101s aim you need to move a few inches, to move out of a smart pistols aim you have to move a few feet. Not to mention it requires less coordination to follow the target and move. It also kills grunts and specters almost immediately. In the end the SP is out of balance especially in attrition which is the only playable game mode.
When I use my blinker You other Jackasses speed up Fuck you. Im coming in
He drove it like that after yall opened it up!?
The SSD has no affect on how fast the POST process is...
HDD's spin up as power is applied to the rest of the computer. POST only needs the info from their firmware on flash off the controller. This adds no delay.
A bit loose too, my friend was able to access her if you know what I mean.
16-17 Misdemeanor no registry 13-15 Class C or below Felony possible registry 00-12 Registry and Class A felony Bam, solved it.
Any way to set up a truely dedicated server?
Really depends on how hard it is to take the subframe out. If it's less than an hour then that is awesome since you can basically fix anything super easy.
That was a helmet? I just thought he was horribly disfigured and said fuck safety.
Relatively new car Drum brakes One of these doesn't make sense...
Wow, I have been out of the mechanic scene too long, I thought they were all dead... Fucking disc brakes...
So when I deal with my VAR I put him to work doing the research and shit I don't have time to do. Finding and getting a comparison of encryption software was my latest one. He then fought with Sophos to get me the best pricing (or so he says). He also helped coordinate support when shit went wrong with the deployment and helped to get everything straight. He is also a single point of contact that adds ease of use for issues like returning products.
Don't try this with the new ones... they are a lot faster...
Depending on the year... a 2006 M3 has 333HP... that isn't TOOO slow... A 2008 has 414HP
Gearing means next to nothing from a roll.
Yeah I am serious. Once you are off the line you have options of gearing inside the transmission. While someone with say 4.10's is in 3rd gear you can be in 2nd with 3.55's and have a better gear ratio than they do. Gearing means next to nothing after the dig. The only other point it causes problems is in a true quarter mile where a 4.10 can cause you to shift a 4th time going through the trap.
This depends a ton on distance raced and how fast you plan on going. Lets say you are racing to 120 MPH over unknown distance starting at a 35mph roll. You both have 2016 manual mustang GT's. You have the stock 3.31 gears and he bought the new ford racing 4.10's. The engine redlines at ~6800 RPM The race starts like this. You - 1st gear at 5272 RPM Him - 2nd gear at 4339 RPM You are in your power band and he is at the start of his. You run up 1st gear, and shift at 45 leading him since he is accelerating in 2nd with a 9.96:1 ratio compared to your 12.10:1 ratio As you shift he pulls you in due to your car having only 8.04:1 vs his now 9.96:1 ratio. You run to the top of your 2nd gear at 68MPH and he has to shift to 3rd at 55MPH, now you gaining on him as he is at the disadvantage in gearing. This flip flop keeps happening every shift because the gear ratios keep changing in each others favor. The car with the 3.31's will probably win in the end as it finishes to 120mph in 4th while the car with the 4.10s has to shift to 5th after 101MPH.
Perfect 00001010
And their pony tail.
You COULD have a set of 4 bars that come up like a # when the rocket gets over the target and have them close the gap to the exterior as soon as it lands. You could even reinforce those areas of the rocket to allow for a slight sideways clamping force. Put some sort of impact foam on the bars to protect them and then you can probably hold onto the stage safely.
I feel that is just as much a lie...
Nah, modern cars can crash at such speeds that it just breaks your neck. Plenty of people have died of internal decapitation.
I can't say for sure... but I don't think the cam shaft goes there.
He looks so satisfied with himself in the 2nd shot.
A reasonable pace is very subjective. There are 85mph roads now...
Every time... I knew there was going to be some reason this adorable dog was going to die... Damnit Reddit!
F1 V8-12 still sounds better but those things are crazzzzy. If he would have just run it instead of bouncing it off the redline like crazy it would have sounded better.
Wait till the house settles the wrong way.
The cubes have gaps, the fucking pizza sauce has gaps, the banana needs to be trimmed, the wave is off center, the cables are zip tied and one of them is sticking out weird and the pasta hits the cutting arm before being cut... are you trying to kill me OP.
Windows defender is a antivirus, it runs just like microsoft security essentials used to.
Any anti virus that charges end users is a piece of crap IMHO. The reason most companies have free anti-virus software is because it lets them see new code before the competition and block it on their enterprise software. This is why defender/MSE is free, Microsoft uses the data and makes Endpoint better.
That is what I said.
Yep, most businesses pay for the anti virus, that is why I said they have a free client version and then a paid enterprise version (enterprise= business)
It should turn itself back on automatically.
Clearly he didnt kill the guy... poor form.
We started out friends
Thats standard smoke, he needs metric smoke.
I was sad I knew what was coming...
To be fair... even I take 3 tries to plug in a USB once in a while...
Well there is term and whole... One expires the other does not.
Did you order individual batteries or a battery pack? I googled 9600 mah 18650 and Aliexpress only showed packs of multiple 18650s.
Honestly, even if you have no horse in the race... US politics can potentially be more important to your country than its own internal politics.
One mitigating factor is that he generally dilutes the stomach acid pretty well with something before upchucking.
Air cooled block! Super JDM
Pot kills too..
Its just an unlocked door..
The Unelectable.
UUUU wacka da deshapin
Slim to none and both of them walked out the door.
I dunno, it clearly knows its name... its written on it 8 times...
Just keep him out of the cigars.
Clearly dressed incorrectly.
I mean, they have to tell you if they ask right, that is the law a spammer can't lie to you.
So... Try to take this as constructive criticism... From the way you sound frustrated this isn't the first time this has happened... You first say you wanted a 900€ laptop... but were able to find a workable laptop for 700€... It isn't any wonder your management doesn't trust you. You just proved to them that you gave them something more than they needed for more than they wanted to pay.
Actually park would be first gear.
Sounds a bit like my job... minus software engineer... that matrix code shit is for the birds.
That is 2 lines and a yes ackowledgement, make it 1 line.
Welp fuck me running...
Questions: 1. What IP are you trying to hit for the website. 2. Is that IP external? If so you need to deal with hairpin nat. 3. If no to the above then you need to setup a firewall rule from public wifi &gt; IP of web host = allow.
FC is 4 8 or 16 SAS is 3 6 or 12
External IP's require hairpin NAT, Internal IPs require a firewall exception.
Parasitic draw is a PITA, It would need some sort of logic that allows it to run for 3-4 days without powering down and making sure that the battery didn't drop below a certain voltage.
It is your router generally that handles the hairpin. It needs to be able to loop a connection out and back in again. So probably on your Untangle UTM. https://forums.untangle.com/networking/32058-hairpin-port-forwarding.html
Its the lead.
Its OP, we all know he is a broke SOB... its made out of sheet metal.
More like a nugget...
Medicaid is freaking awesome.
Fuck everything about Bush, he has no respect for his office and no understanding of limitations of power. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/01/jeb-bush-terri-schiavo-114730
To counter his, We use the E5550's (love them) and they image just fine with our VL image of windows 7 over WDS. The only thing I HATE about these are the docks. They put the dock connector WAAAAY to far back on the laptop.
&gt; So odd thing happened, for some reason on the public wifi, using another external IP we have, x.x.x.61 resolves to the website and it appears to function as normal, but using x.x.x.57 (which is the external IP that my website resolves too on pings/tracerts) as well as the domain name still don't work, any thoughts? Thanks! At that point we would need to see the router configs and how you have your NAT setup.
It would be understandable if they at least released a new dock for the new form factor.
Just avoid the entire 192.168.0.0/16
This man routes.
And by adapter you mean "piece of plastic", the problem isn't so much the adapter but the fact that the eport is designed for a midmount laptop, it just sticks out too far, it used to be you could tuck them away nice and easy, now you are stuck with a 4 inch bigger footprint.
Or once it was in the shop.
That shape as it comes out...
Have you not heard of the walkman... plays tapes... all analog.
He could have some sort of disorder where he can't see faces correctly and just uses other identifiable information.
Cant beat that 8 track!
I think we need to clarify the order here. I can see it 3 ways... #Left to right and then descending order. E.g: you think crooked eyes is best, followed by dat gap, followed by more cushion followed by hank hill. #Right to left and then descending order. E.g: you think dat gap is best, followed by crooked eyes, followed by hank hill, followed by more cushion. OR #transposed order to picture. E.g: you think crooked eyes is the best, followed by hank hill, followed by dat gap, followed by more cushion.
How does he think not going straight is the best idea here? His truck is more than capable of crossing that he is just a moron for... 1. trying to go that fast 2. turning and not correcting his trajectory.
He shouldn't have lost much of any weight, the majority of his car was above the water line. He was hydroplaning for sure though at those speeds. His main issue was him not staying on the road, There was no significant flow of water and clearly the rescue truck that gets shown a second after he falls off the road has no issues. Mainly this is just a dumb driver trying to use a chevy when he needed to ford. (no one gets the pun apparently)
You NEVER see him going straight, he is always driving off to the right of the screen, then as he nears the edge of the pavement he jerks it back and slows down but I would guess he hits something in the road there and it shoots him off to the right of screen. There is nearly no flow because you can see the truck basically stop once it is off the road.
Sorry, no. You see him CONSTANTLY going to the left, you can see down the right side of his car, the camera is shot from dead center of the road. If the water was moving at the rate you claim you would see the car getting swept off down stream after it fell off the road and you don't. The biggest piece of evidence is the shot of the emergency vehicle easily entering the crossing. While I am a big supporter of the turn around don't drown movement, there is a level of overboard. Would a lowered mustang make it over that? Hell no, will a truck that is designed to do this sort of thing make it, yes, if you know how to drive.
Rescue truck looks like a standard Dodge Ram 1500 with a cattle guard. I can't see what bed is on the rescue truck but I would guess it's just a standard extended cab with normal or extended bed. The Avalanche is probably equal or heavier since it is a full size suv with a small bed. A 2010 Dodge Ram 1500 weighs 4500-5500 stock where as a 2005 Avalanche weighs 5500-6500 stock. And for the sake of argument if it was a 2500 that brings the weight up to just about equal with the Avalanche.
No one is going to comment that his name is pronounced ho ass?
Drill identical holes on the other side ofcourse
You should be able to prevent short cycle with a solid AC control panel.
Throw soft ducting with a few over 90 degree bends in it and have it placed at the quietest part of the room. That should eliminate any noise bleed.
Probably depends on the unit.
Yep.
IT guy here! The way the companies normally do this is through contractors. Instead of hiring H1Bs directly, they outsource IT to the contracting company. The contracting company "can't find American workers". Disney isn't in trouble because they didn't fire Americans and hire H1Bs they just hired a contracting company.
http://i.imgur.com/jEilcpV.jpg
There is a reason they are all 4 valve now.
Ehh probably not... The lip of the tire isn't very important as far keeping the tire on. The bead sits inboard from the edge. It will suck though when they need to replace that tire.
That is just for volume licensing, for enterprise edition you need to do what is called an enterprise agreement which requires 300 now but will soon require 500.
That is completely wrong. Windows Professional was ALWAYS marketed as SMB/small enterprise software. Microsoft decided to change the rules with Windows 10.
Do you want your life critical machines not having Windows updates?
Windows pro is not "consumer". There is home which is consumer based. When you add the ability to join a domain you leave the "consumer" realm.
sorry its 250 now, was getting O365 stuff mixed up. https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/Licensing/licensing-programs/enterprise.aspx Here is the licensing for EA. I cant find a source on the win 10 enterprise, it is what I was told when I went looking for LTSB for my organization through my VAR.
That is microsoft talk, you BUY the windows 10 through the EA and it lets your download it though your volume license portal.
Depends on how you have them setup. I haven't let them into my environment but one person who has a non domain joined tablet said he woke up the next day and windows 10 was installed and broke everything. He reverted back.
Please tell me the differences between win 7 pro and ent BEFORE this win 10 insanity?
Say shenanigans one more time... i dare you!
Tell more people this, don't move here it's awful!!
just because i can buy a pro license doesn't mean anything really. it is the enterprise license you buy without having an ea.
Large scale boxes can be used for a lot of things. The Dell 920 is the dell version of this box, I have seen many of these used for massive VM loads. Fill a rack with these and have storage in the next rack and you have an entire datacenter worth of VMs in 2 racks.
Great skill, still disturbs me that cops ride with half helmets and no jackets.
This is why we have modular.
Crappy ones can, the majority are very safe chemistry that will just get stupid hot. The amount of energy in batteries is ridiculous.
I kinda agree, Trump talks big, but can't really deliver... Hillary has the power, will, and ability to really fuck shit up.
excuse you.
I mean... it isn't like she hit him... even if she is fucked up she took out the rage on a computer. Maybe the kid does play on it too much. We have almost 0 actual information and 1 kids side of the story. Honestly, her house, her shit.
Ehh, shes a power hungry, conniving politician who wants office to rule not to lead. While she may say something positive about the environment in the end she only exists for corporate interests, if they want to fuck the environment, she wont stop them.
Your cells split and mutate, cancer is just a mutated cell. Cancer becomes a problem when the mutated cell is still viable.
Sea water is also pretty good as far as anti microbial (don't put sea water on your wounds go to a damn doctor).
I wonder what would happen to prepaid cards some employers give out.
Thankfully I am not one of those people.
http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/5/5f/Zootopia-judy-and-mr.-big.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160218201850 He would like to have a word with you.
Never seen a tiger and cougar mixed.
Oil and Coal are out of the carbon cycle, plants are not.
They are out of the carbon cycle when they are in the ground. The reason we have a problem is because we release them. Any plant is part of the carbon cycle. It took out as much carbon as it can put back in.
Shoulda built a B20 vtech man... Either way, nice work.
The war isn't the Bernie supporters, its the millions of illegals that will start the war.
How long until someone writes this program...
The Fuck it Gazette.
dat ripple
This is the whitest thing I have ever read.
I could see this being a point of contention... Think of it like a car. If I hit a curb and fix it myself but then the radio goes out. The dealership still has to fix the radio if it is in warranty.
True, but with any warranty it should be up to the manufacturer to prove the aftermarket part caused the issue. I can see both sides of it.
No, you would identify physical damage on the PCB and void the warranty and charge a diagnostic fee just like a car dealership would.
Could be a job profession!
Can you show what you did with the power cables in the back? I am building a MDF in almost the same config but haven't figured out what to do with the power. I have a pretty much full 45U 2 post rack.
Where is your PCI-E power, 24 Pin and 8 Pin CPU power?
Obama also had the whole "First Black President" thing going for him in the south...
Setup a sophos router with l2tp and windows radius auth.
Yeah, I was thinking that and thus the thought of our 405w junipers are fine. I do know that we will mainly just be powering old mitel 5212 phones and some APs on about half the ports (2 ports per desk)
UPSs will be contained in the 42U next to it. I need more crap to fill that in anyway. I am mainly trying to get how to cable the damn power on this rack with little cable management space.
Already got the 6" cables, the side cable management is for the 570 cables coming in from the outside office.
Oil lights, if you see one, it's probably too late.
Delicious spark plug wires.
Core is 100% SFP+ so thankfully there should be no cross plugging :). I think what I may do is follow your advice on going down vertically and managing the cables together. I should have open space at the VERY bottom of the cable management fingers after the drops come from the ceiling. I am thinking of having 2 208v 30A PDUs down there with the cables funneling out nicely and plugging into the PDU. Then the PDU will run under the rack holding my UPS and bam all done. Sound reasonable? I am definitely trying to keep the power the hell away from my data.
RAID 1 in theory doesn't require any calculation, just a fork so data is duplicated. If your controller is good it can also use both disks to increase read speed like a RAID 0. RAID 5 and 6 are both parity calculated RAIDs and require a calculation of the data bits as it writes the parity bit. This calculation can hurt performance on a RAID 5 and can get even worse on a RAID 6. RAID 10 is a nested raid of RAID 0 and 1. Instead of having parity it uses 50% of the space as a duplicate and the other 50% as a striped array. This gives a ~100% performance boost over a single disk with little overhead as there is no parity calculations. The downside is 2 paired drives failing still kills the array unlike a RAID 6 where 3 drives have to fail.
Had this happen to my company a month before I started... BSA is no joke...
OP needs an excuse to get a longer patch cable.
Damn, that edit man... I think someone cut an onion.
Diarchy! Sanders does Social, Trump does fiscal!
Y'all lost me about 10 acronyms back.
He hit a phone pole while writing on Reddit driving.
They could... but people want 200+ HP out of a 2.0L I-4 so they are made tight and light.
See whatcha gotta do is pull the 2 mirror drives out every night and put them into storage and take 2 other drives and rebuild them into the array... every night.
LSI works the same, each drive is given a copy of the RAID config.
RIP CPU pins.
&gt;Having said that, we're on Mitel for our VoIP system. my apologies. Enjoy micollab and its horribleness.
Mine is "Managed"... still my effing problem. Who supports y'all? Our company is a damn nightmare some days.
OMG! This is not backup or DR!!! This is playing Russian Roulette with your disks. Plz never do dis. I was joking.
Why wont it effing populate the advanced UTM email address! Oh no, I am sure we have 2 different emails one for this person and one for his voicemail.
Well he did get hit twice.
How many marijuanas did you give the car? It looks festive with the lights so it's clearly ready to party.
Hopefully he bought the brown interior
Meh, it's behind the tires, it's a problem for the next guy :p.
Or if you wanted to protect your zombies... from ya know... Rick or something.
The hell with other people... I would take... 1. the all new 2017 Toyota 86 2. the stylish 2016 Camry 3. the dependable 2016 Tundra (With optional Pro Pack!) Hail Corporate!
Find a RAV4 and pee on it.
It feels dirty and nice all at once!
Before you buy, get up super early one morning, drive to the house you want or at least the area and see how long it takes you to get to work. Do this during the school year.
Did you eat it?
Whoa now... that takes up the whole 30k...
What kinda budget do you have? For a small office if you can swing 20ishk for servers grab a VRTX with 2x M530s and datacenter licensing and build a cluster.
I got my DHCP split off my DCs, even though I had the user setup for DNS updates, it didn't seem as good as having it in a separate split role cluster.
Probably better to... A. Quit B. Start a fire C. Play RAID 10 Roulette while drunk.
Datacenter cluster baby!
I mean, stabilizing generally means it isn't getting worse... So if it isn't changing then that is probably a good sign.
Yep, replaced that one server with a full PKI environment, dedicated file server, and independent DCs.
Hyper-V lets you always have atleast 2!
2008R2 isn't bad, hell its probably my favorite server version. Good ole windows 7. The bad was that it was a "fuck it put it on this server" server and the fact the rest of my infrastructure is 2012R2.
Correction, you won option C.
Yeah, 2012 is just a crap os imho, they should have given everyone an r2 upgrade free.
I now have a correct infrastructure. To replace this server, I spun up 2 DCs for redundancy, 1 Root CA, 1 Sub CA, 1 File server, 1 IIS server and another quickbooks server. As far as licensing, I build a 2012R2 Datacenter cluster on a VRTX box so I have unlimited VMs!
*twitch*
OMG why are yall still there, move to austin like everyone else.
Interestingly, he made me hate the character and not him. If I saw Joffrey on the street I may punch him in the face, but not him.
Terrorists have access to far more efficient weapons. When you don't care about the laws getting a FA AK is not too terribly hard.
It's now known as prison shank.
&gt; take OP's board and remove all the blue SATA ports, and you have the S2600CP2J Which doesn't matter because hopefully you are using a raid card!
Get the remote access card! It rocks!
I don't know how old you are but I grew out of it, my first reaction to being touched was to recoil and get defensive for a long time, I can still be jumpy but it has seriously gotten better. I hope it gets better for you with time.
Yep, IPMI is crap compared to what the board can do with the chip. https://www.amazon.com/Intel-AXXRMM4LITE-Management-Module/dp/B004V945QG Basically it lets you have an iDRAC with remote console!
Oh fuck that, I rock a 2016 Mustang GT, I just sell my body for Gold.
Tower - Server sits in an individual chassis that stands freely on the floor Rack - Server sits in an individual chassis that should be supported by a 2 or 4 post rack. Blade - Server sits in a shared chassis, power, connectivity and cooling are all shared. Chassis sits in a rack. All are identical in function and capability other than storage capacity.
TBF you would expect pharas push back to do some dmg too.
H700
Read the question again.
Except now the wood is turned into furniture/paper that no longer releases its carbon into the atmosphere so now it is sequestered and the newly planted trees take up all new carbon. It should be a net carbon sink.
I don't think they teach that in astrology...
Fuck VM SQL licensing... oh I need 2 2 core licenses for my 2 core SQL box that needs an 11gb database... fuck you microsoft fuck you.
1. Intrusion Prevention System, this is a tricky one because if I call it what it really should be called, it gives away most of the answer. Generally I will throw them a "think of a core switch vs a Cisco ASA" 4. Microsoft Deployment Toolkit and Windows Deployment Services.
1. Better than most. 2. yes and 2tb so close I would have walked ya through this one. 3. yep 4. Nice answer 5. I look for Text based configuration vs Registry since the Kernal while hugely different is based off similar ideas, they tried to do mulikernal with linux but ended up with the monokernal similar to how windows works. 6. Yep 7. 1gb for 1, 1gb for 2, 1gb for 1 and 500 for 2. 8. Yeah, lots of people don't know... most people can fudge around tower and rack but fall on their face with blade 9. Yep.
Aye, this is a upgraded position from our helpdesk position, they still do helpdesk roles but also have to take over for me if I need time off. 2 man shop.
I agree if it was just helpdesk, they are going to be in a sysadmin role though where they have to take over for me if I am out (as I have to take over for them on helpdesk/their sysadmin roles if I am out). This is just phone interview stuff, quick 30 mins worth of conversation to see where they are, none of it disqualifies them if I like how they approach the questions even if they get them wrong but man... most don't know any of them.
Nope, but he isn't just helpdesk, what happens when I take a few days off. This is a 2 man shop so they will be titled Sysadmin I, they are responsible for the helpdesk but will also be trained on the server side.
It is how they approach the issue IMHO, I like to hear when they say something about I don't know but would probably google it. The ones that try to sound smart are what worries me more than anything, my current/leaving helpdesk will ramble on if you ask him a question he doesn't know the answer to like he will talk himself into being right instead of saying IDK and moving on to the next one.
SMB for sure. 2 man shop. Not a ton of work.
Oh yeah you would have definitely moved to the short list with those answers.
250 users. Yeah, and I am sorta worried about that. I came into this role as the Sys admin I with a helpdesk under me, but at 75k/yr my boss left the company and I took over his role after 2 months and now lead my department. I am looking for me 2 years ago when I was building home labs and working for 45-50K and thinking it was solid pay. I probably couldn't have answered all of those questions either but I think of them as interesting questions to gauge a persons thought process. I may tone it down a bit though going forward and ask some simpler ones then move up to hard after they get a few right.
Yeah, I wish I had a better budget. At 300 I get another helpdesk so there is that. Honestly, our systems are very stable and helpdesk doesn't do too much during the day other than some simple troubleshooting and new hires/fires.
Some do, 1. Pretty vague question I agree, but it tells me they know what a layer 3 switch is and it lets me see what differences they can tell me about a router/firewall 2. Simple knowledge question, but most people know what a RAID 1 is and a RAID 0 even if you are a enthusiast computer user. I will break down a RAID 10s architecture and see if they can work it out from there if they don't know it. 3. Simple question, normally I will ask a follow up about ports and protocols if they get it right to see the extent of knowledge. 4. This tells me what tech they have worked with, many respond with SCCM in their reply and know about one of the 2 technologies but can't answer why you use one or the other. If they know the tech they can answer how you would use one with the other though and why one is better. MDT will be the helpdesks responsibility so familiarity with it would be a large plus. 5. Shows me what they know about linux and how it is built. This one line I said is a bit crazy and is NEVER held against someone for saying they don't know but it also shows me who will ramble on incoherently like I am talking to adam sandler. 6. Basic 802.1x auth question, I normally throw in some hints to see if they can rationalize trust relationships. 7. Shows if the person knows how teaming works, this is important in a fully redundant network design. 8. Easy question to see how familiar someone is with actual server hardware. Easy if you have worked hands on with them, hard if you havent. 9. Simple security question. I felt the questions were broad and difficult but not unreasonable. I ask yall since they seem too hard for most applicants. I am definitely open to new questions as i am pretty green to this whole hiring process.
Interesting, Mind if I steal some of this? You are correct that they may not start off designing but I wouldn't mind if that is the way they wanted to take the position. It would lead me into more of a director role and provide reason for them to move to Sysadmin II and have a helpdesk under them.
Definitely, and this isn't the whole phone interview process, this is just a feeler for their tech knowledge. I love hearing "I don't know but I would probably just google it" or "I don't know but I am willing to learn" something like that, that shows interest in growth and self teaching.
I think people mistake that I pick up the phone and ask this then hang up, there is a conversation before and after these depending on the candidate. These are just a few tech questions I ask. But I do need some more philosophical questions.
Dude a Brouter is clearly a router that love the PBR, chillin at the place and bein totally PC.
Sweet, you would be better than 90% of the people I have talked to. And while they are hard, I asked my current helpdesk guy and he knew 70% of them and was helped to 90%.
On diagnostics board
That looks like the input shaft on a 2004ish Honda manual tranny,
Lol, damn, my 2004 blew 2nd just like that. Cleaned all the teeth off mine.
Sand them, get 400 600 800 1000 2000 make them go through and wet sand at each grit to remove and polish the light. This is the same technique you can use to take cloudiness off of a light.
Did you pull a vacuum on the ac, I bet you didn't.
Zip ties... Ugg..
They just need something that causes a driver to spin up the rear / spin out if they go too far over, wet grass or something.
Look into a VRTX if you want the blade life on the "cheap"
There is a reason it has quotes, but you can grab chassis on ebay for 2k then throw a cheap M520 into it. http://www.ebay.com/itm/DELL-POWEREDGE-VRTX-TOWER-ENCLOSURE-NO-BLADES-INSTALLED-PERC-H310-1x-CMC-CONT-/172221392256?hash=item281931e580:g:vYoAAOSwoJZXSG7a http://www.ebay.com/itm/DELL-POWEREDGE-M520-E5-2450L-1-80GHZ-16GB-1TB-SATA-/142231843933?hash=item211dadb45d:g:a7MAAOSwa~BYanCc You can peice part a M520/M620 together and get it even cheaper. M1000E M5/620s will work if you add the PCI-E mez cards.
Yep, the valve has to be open!
Its 55" but only 640x480
There are gigabit power line adapters these days!
The gigabit adapters would have better signal encoding and likely be able to at least give you your line speed on the isp
Hey, some people still need space heaters.
/r/atheism turning into /r/lgbt... I am all for their fight for rights but for fucks sake why is this here...
Not true at all, I am all for LGBT rights, doesn't mean seeing 2 guys kissing doesn't make me a little uneasy. I am a militant atheist at that. There is no reason someone cannot have anti-lgbt thoughts and not be atheist. Hell there is a whole "natural order" argument that has no base in any religion. Either way, while I support the cause I have no interest in reading this daily on my browsing of /r/atheism since it has nothing to do with it.
I never said different, but again what does that have to do with atheism other than its some crusade the theists can get behind...
I'm mainly saying there are specific places to post pro LGBT stuff, /r/atheism shouldn't be one of them.
I have seen someone brave enough...
More like illegals provide a cheap means of labor to fill the gap so that normal americans can make less and still afford to have stuff taken care of for them because they work long hours to make money to pay for stuff... Edit: man y'all are angry about something. I was simply saying that the this was a representation of the middle class being squeezed and not allowing for white collar workers to pay blue collar workers a fair wage so that they can live and thus blue collar jobs being replaced by immigrant.
Correct, but the illegals are a symptom instead of the problem as proposed by the comic. Yes americans are fat and lazy because the cheapest/fastest/easiest food is the worst. Compound that with the fact that we work more than half our waking time to make money increasing the cycle. The comic didn't speak to the reason for the fat lazy american only that it existed.
We used to have a guy come do all the windows in our house, good man and he worked hard. Probably can't make a living anymore. The issue is we all stagnated and now we are depressed(fiscally). We have to earn more to pay our laborers more so that Americans would want/could live off the jobs.
&gt;The alter boy said to the bishop FTFY
I hate the gut drop when something like that happens...
High voltage almost no amps, nearly not dangerous, but hurts like a mofo.
In the US fault is 100% on the rear driver in cases of rear end accidents. If you aren't leaving enough gap to stop in any situation it is generally your fault.
Yeah, should have said most. Meh whatever.
This explains so much.
Jetpacking?
125 days is easy mode... 3 years in a MMO...
sick reference bro!
But he has that look of "I have never had a genuine thought in my life"
Powerful corrupt humans.
I know those give me some bad farts...
Only on a target with no awareness of you or much going on around them...
Its like carbon fiber... but weak and brittle.
The first year or two was the least torquey ones though. They had the F20 instead of the F22 and made lots of power due to the high revs instead of displacement.
120HP/L to be exact and also the highest piston speed for a production car for a LOOONG time.
10+ years?
Bye
PSHHHHH 6TB! HAH I have 20TB of storage in my dual octacore intel server with 128gb of ram... SOOO MUCH PORN! /r/homelab
private citizens can own older full auto weapons with a stamp, modern guns require at least a shop that has a contract with the local PD to provide weapons to receive FA weapons.
Interesting, my info came from "the silencer shop" in Austin. From what they said the local PD or sherif is required. Interesting if not true.
I thought it was a pinball term...
Fuck that, a basketball sized one couldn't hide under a pillow or hide around the house... and its easier to hit. I would take the basketball sized one.
Yep, that dog gots to earn its kibble!
The dog has to get out of the water too...
The secret is to leak a lot of oil to keep the underside lubed
Manager here, the problems aren't really firing someone, it mainly comes down to having a reason you can defend if you get taken to court for unemployment.
Make another baby.
I just get to the point and go to porn.com
I mean... that was the end result yah... you divide the country enough with hate and one side is going to win...
Honestly the vacuum part deals with like 90% of the friction part, a ball rolling doesn't take much friction from the surface it rolls over.
Drag is just friction with a fluid.
But people could drown or get pneumonia...
Ross perot
Just cause your anti trump doesn't make you pro Hillary...
Make it proportional and grow congress accordingly and you fix a lot of problems with it.
&gt;The power source has to be put low under the car bed to reduce drag and i'm sure to give it a center of gravity. These are already designed to be modular, tesla wants them to be hot swappable so that you can refuel in 30 seconds. &gt; The engine is a giant compact block of metal since it isn't replaced. These engines are not limited to having cylinders like combustion. There are various types and new ones are being developed. Would they sacrifice using a more efficient motor because it wouldn't fit into the legacy car design? What if they find a more efficient design that makes the modular design a huge waste of time? Motor &gt;Technology is moving way to fast imo for that to be a reasonable option. Having technology be upgradeable leads to less waste and more environmentally friendly products. As a society we throw away enough crap already, we don't need to add 3 year old cars to that list. Having modules and bumpers that are replaceable to upgrade processing power, optics and sensors to allow the older cars to progress technologically with the new cars (while performance and comfort features may not be upgraded) will allow for longer life and improve the resale factor of the vehicles. As it stands since Elon is speaking of a rather rapid development cycle it will DESTROY the resale value as people will just pay a bit more at these price ranges to get the new hotness, driving the used market to the floor.
Western modesty is really weird... Seeing someone in their bra and panties is horrid, shorts that are really short is immoral but my god if you are wearing 3 pieces of twine and 3 small flaps of fabric at the beach god bless you.
12 second quarters look more into the 105-115 MPH range.
Ahh the old new old "black people don't know how to take care of themselves"... I swear some days people are just moronic...
Just an FYI there are standoffs on dell servers that you can use to mount them vertically face down, just get a small bracket that can slide on the post. The biggest issue with face up is not that it has any trouble getting air through it, it's that it recycles all its air over and over getting hotter each time it goes through, having a box fan blowing in the room to circulate the air will resolve the problem as well.
Had a vertical 1950, turned my closet into a hot box, flipped it over and cooled the server substantially.
Wasn't really an issue when mounted face down, it was warmer but that air got expelled and the server sucked up cold air from the floor, mainly it was just the recycling.
What are you talking about lol? This has nothing to do with push vs pull its all about the fact that hot air rises... so the server blows out hot air from the bottom, it rises then that hot air gets sucked right back into the intake and the cycle repeats. This cycle over time creates a feedback loop of heat that either overheats a heavily used server or significantly reduces the life span. Flipping it face down resolves all of these issues as the hot air flows up away from the intake and the intake sucks air from the coldest part of the room.
Just as a fact check, it's about 50/50 overstayed visa vs border crossing.
If you can't see how that policy was useful when we had a large, unexplored, empty country and not when we are a fully developed first world country...
Not a square inch to be exact, if it exists it's either federally owned or privately owned, no land to be claimed and filled!
Yep, I put out for a new helpdesk and got like 20 replys... Looked through every one of them.
I swear to god that is exactly how I picture Francisco Danconia.
more of a Billy Ray fan?
Doesn't seem to be a problem, just don't disengage them while stopped,
But even if you forget, just leave them engaged and then disengage them next time your driving.
This is how any IT guy replaced by an H1B feels...
This is my rule for everyone but my mom/dad. If you didn't raise me, feed me or change my diapers... no free geek.
TWC (spectrum) has the reset router from the website. Also, what happens when you trigger a renew on the WAN port on the PFsense box?
There is always the question of a 15 year old raping a 20 year old. What happens to who...
Gotta build the picture, strapping on his velcro sneakers.
Aye, the combat version will probably have a C4 charge on it.
Actually, it's close but not exact. At 62F 1 fluid oz of water weighs .065 pounds. That means that 16 fluid ounces of water weighs 1.04 lbs.
Its "JunkCat!"
My paper sail boat disagrees.
You haven't been in the server market recently. This is how a lot of advanced management features on servers work and they make bank because they reduce hardware differences decreasing cost per board then sell the license which is essentially free to them at that point and make 100% profit.
I don't know if we can really call these consumer, this is workstation class with a twinge of prosumer.
Honestly, it no longer surprises me that they land it, it would surprise me if they failed. Elon wanted to make this stuff mundane and normal and he has succeeded.
Dat wedgie at the end...
Server transitioned from add on hardware to licensing. For Dell servers it used to be that the iDRAC was a set of 2 physical cards you installed now it is a license. They did have raid cards as a license key too for a bit.
It was how she dressed.
This works so much better than what I was trying to do... You did have it limited to 1 output though. I cleaned it up and formatted the output a bit so that it displays all unique ways to get the answer. from itertools import permutations, product lst = [] op_table = { "+": lambda x,y: x+y, "-": lambda x,y: x-y, "*": lambda x,y: x*y, "/": lambda x,y: x/y } def formatted(nums, ops): res = [str(nums[0])] for op, b in zip(ops, nums[1:]): res.append(op) res.append(str(b)) return " ".join(res) def find_combination(nums, res): for perm in permutations(nums): perm = list(perm) for ops in product("+-*/", repeat=len(perm) - 1): cur = perm[0] for op, b in zip(ops, perm[1:]): cur = op_table[op](cur, b) if cur == res: if (formatted(perm, ops), cur) not in lst: ans = formatted(perm, ops), cur lst.append(ans) nums = [int(x) for x in raw_input().split()] res = nums[-1] nums = nums[:-1] find_combination(nums, res) for n,z in lst: print str(n) + " " + str(z)
**Python 2.7** Cludgy brute force, takes ~13 seconds from itertools import permutations, product question = raw_input("Enter your variables: ") question1 = [b for b in question.split()] gamesplit = question1[0:len(question1)-1] ansinput = question1[len(question1)-1] gameperm = list(permutations(gamesplit)) symperm = product("+-*/", repeat=len(gamesplit) - 1) answer = [] for x in symperm: for n in gameperm: function = "("+"("+"("+"("+"("+n[0] + x[0] + n[1]+")" + x[1] + n[2]+")" + x[2] + n[3]+")" + x[3] + n[4]+")" + x[4] + n[5]+")" if eval(function) == int(ansinput): ans = (n[0] + " " + x[0] + " " + n[1] + " " + x[1] + " " + n[2] + " " + x[2] + " " + n[3] + " " + x[3] + " " + n[4] + " " + x[4] + " " + n[5]) if ans not in answer: answer.append(ans) for y in answer: print str(y) + " " + str(ansinput)
You aren't "not complaining" your defending. Not siding either way myself just sayin.
The wording of the law sounds great in a perfect world, people upset about a state actually enforcing the law is ridiculous. I just really hope "legally detained" isn't abused.
Can't do that or you would have a record of all the republicans having abortions.
Your telling me my liquid nitrogen cooled 5ghz Prescott P4 isn't as fast single threaded as my 5ghz i5-2500k? Blasphemy! /s
really depends on the FGM, some is far more extreme, the most mild version being even less invasive than circumcision since removing the clitoral hood doesn't significantly change the function. Now, full clitoris removal would be more similar to removing part of the glans of the penis...
It can be argued that since the forskin is so filled with nerve endings it is just as important to sexual satisfaction as the clit. Either way, cutting things off a person for no good reason is no good.
Yeah, but have you never wondered if it could be better... what if you had a forskin so your glans wasn't rubbing up against shit all day desensitizing everything. What if you had double the nerve endings!
and billions of men.
I would get behind a HP bump (50 HP?) on her turrets but they do plenty of dmg.
That's cute but wrong, the more kids the bigger the HUD fund you get and the more welfare/food stamps. Feed the kids once a day, sell off your spare food stamps and bam money in your pocket!
Bank, no, can you live better than some hard working people, yes. HUD pays a TON for housing and approves high amounts for HOMES to be rented, 3 kids means you get approved for a 4 bedroom and in East Texas that was worth 1500ish a month. From there food stamps are up to 300/person/month. You can work a part time job making 10-12K a year while recieiving full benefits plus the EITC! Source: worked for a small property management company in east Texas, the woman who ran the front desk played this scam on the American people and lived VERY well for how much work she did.
Did you not read the part about selling food stamps(but food and sell to a friend at a discount), and the part time job that gives you 1K spending money on the side??
I uses ATAs on my sip trunk to tie to my multifunctions.
I use the cisco spa's they give 2 ports and are self configurable without the cisco controller.
He is looking for late apex or "going in deep".
Nah, the pilot took that chunk with him. Some say it's still there to this day and has hardened into diamond.
Your poor engine...
We need someone to invent the babble fish!
I had insurance and they let me take off 30% if I paid my part in full.
I dunno, I would say they should have a strikes law, if someone brings more than X number of cases with no standing to court in a certain period of time they go before a review board. They have to have consequences for frivolous suits.
When you have a system of he said she said cop said and the cop is always right you have to prove your innocence.
I mean intel would definitely make them any chip they wanted on a BGA, it isn't like a LGA and BGA are too different.
I don't know, I would put a new mustang gt against any of them honestly. The gimped factory power level wasn't great. They are still beautiful though.
Ehh laptop manufactures would eat it up too. Hell they already make BGA i7's for gaming laptops.
I could have sworn I read they had some full feature i7 chips on BGA... can't find a link so who knows. It was to tie in with the new 1080's that now fit in laptops.
Ehh, I mean whatever makes you feel better.
Symmetric gig 70/mo
I'm suspicious of job availability for jr techs.
I'm suspicious of job availability for jr techs.
I watch one of the 8 HP rifftrax. Insta sleep mode.
Don't, stop, please...
Case: corsair spec 1 Cpu: Devils canyon i5 GPU: gtx970 Built off craigslist but so far he is kickin ass for a 10 year old!
That's an alien end of story.
Yeah, I have all but disowned my sister for letting him get big. We are both big and I am trying to fix myself but he plays xbox all the time so I figured if I could bond with him more over PC games and him have a relationship with me so I can influence him more to get in shape atleast it's better than him calling people noobs on Xbox.
He was in mystery heros.
Just got back from Phoenix, I opened my window and basked in the "cool" air.
and often
