gold, it was just for sega as far as i know
I'm a former coder my self. Used to code cheats back in 2007 for CSS and CoD. The problem with these mini updates every 1-2 days is that, well, they are mini. Usually coders have just update offsets and netvars, as an update doesnt mean the cheat is detected, just outdated. So I would rather make a very good AC than a "unhackable" game. VAC idea of sig-scanning isnt too bad, but in the state that is right now, is pretty easy to bypass it.
Ok, so you split up the functions in different branches n shit. Good. But now you have a lot of code to merge. And the same code may be necessary for 2 or more functions. That just won't work.
He was always along my favourites , but in MK9, I was disgusted. They made him like shujinko, doing ( fightinig in this case) blindless, influenced by the " I got to prove something..." cliche. In MKX they make every character, especially the females bitching about him being liu's inferior
Oke, but what could've you done with his older personality. He was even more like Liu Kang, peaceful and respectful. At least now they give him a different personality. I understand that you really like him, you probably wanted him to be the MK tournament winner in the first place. Anyway that backstory, with him being the first choice of the Shaolin is head-in-head with your "driven by duty". His duty was to defend directly earthrealm but he declined. And is probably a back story written by NRS in 5 mins, according to it he was probably better than liu kang. Well the same shit goes for Bo Rai Cho , he could probably takr Goro, Shang Tsung and Shao Kahm all at a time but he was from Outworld and didnt help with the tournament in any way.
Or you have a high sens. This could cause the consistency
No, he is so right. So many bad decisions, especially after WW2. Ok you won a war( lets be honest, they won the East on their own so grats). But after that they decided to close themself in their country, on the mentality " what happens in Russia, stays in Russia" when the whole world was opening, civil rights were establishing, freedom n other shit. But they were trapped in because of the leaders' being so "patriotic". They just wanted to do things on their own and look where they are now
Your arguments are so awful 1) oh man, there are human involved, aswell as 16 tick, trust me, you can get OW so ez. 2)Even if pro players would cheat ( ofc not, they risk too much wtf), you think they cant hide their cheats?
Tho, with the inflation of ranks many LE are now GE
When large playerbase still is at 60 fps 128 tick are just a pain in the ass , afaik. In my class there are 8 CSGO players, 1 with a super computer, me with stable 250 fps on high, one with 150 stable fps and the others around 60 or below. Tho one of them plays on a 128 awp server and he said everything is smoother but sometimes he is moving in frames. No no, no 35 sec when at LEM I still get paired with people without mic/ dont know to call out/ refuse to call out/ cant read the radar.
Oke but in Dota 2 there are no cheaters. The reports are just for chat/ griefing/feeding/ abuse of spells, abilities. You cant have a limited amount of reports where there is at least a hacker every other game
But the guys who are playing with those who cant read the radar shouldnt be punished tho
TDM...
i'm on vacation so i have to play on my potato laptop, and altough its a 64-bit system, running the 64 bit does nothing. Though, -dx11 works wonders
Lol , you wish dat. Probably 4.5k are twice as better as you are. The problem I that, the knowledge of the game, mechanical skills scales with the MMR. So there is a bigger difference between 5k and 3k than 3k and lets say 1-2k mmr.
Its the 5h 32 min meme. I thinks its from the Reborn patch yesterday of 5.5 GB
tho, you can swap it, dont ever sold it. Its still pretty good at splitpushing lategame. Altho he will not be able to manfight many carries In ultra late-game( anyway, you should've finished the game 20 mins ago wtf) he is still super good at splitpushing, and is a big nuisance as he becomes pretty much unkillable if the player is good. You should swap it for MKB most of the time/ Rapira as a last chance to win. So as a carry, you dont really get rid of an item, you just fill the stash with others so dont ever sell the big items. As I gave an example above, you may need that BF for pushing fast until enemy respawns/ butterfly so you can move faster
1. It was very popular back in wc3 dota, so the tradition goes on 2. Well, I must say, its a pretty fun hero tbh. Landing a skillshot, knowing that if you do it you have a guaranted kill its pretty satisfying. Doe, the more the game goes on, you pretty much become a creep with fat HP cuz no one in pub itemise him correctly
Nope, June reached 7999 MMR, look in NoobFromUA last video, in description
S4 4k mmr confirmed Boosted scrub
3 in a row - killing spree 4- dominating 5- mega kill 6- unstoppable 7- wicked sick 8- godlike 9+ beyond godlike
So would you call yourself roughly the best player in the world? Or just the best pubstomper?
If you have been paying attention at diplomatic problems, you can see that Russia ripped Crimeea appart from Ukraine and they stick it to their country ( sorry, I'm not a native english speaker, I dont know the terms for this actions) though western countries does not recognize Crimeea as being a region of Russia. So to punish them, they withdraw all their money and credits invested I Russia banks and facilities. Probably Valve, as an american Company, did this too for politics so the server is not actually situated in Russia
You all talk like you never been frustrated in a game because teammates were feeding/didnt listen
Thats because at their level they dont "screw up". And even if you are at least 5k you wouldnt see any team screwing up. But you, I behind team, you can screw them up by taking fights when their advantage isnt so high. If you turtle in base for like 30 minutes you just drag the game, you will get starved and eventually outfarmed totally. Please dont tag "weird" an action that is actually quite intelligent and should be "normal" and logical
Okay, I meant its not worth turtling if you dont got a super good highround team or super good ultra game. But in his game you just cant do that. Gyro will probably outcarried them, leshrac probably still kick their asses. Anyway, did he actually win that game? 6.83 was a different era. It doesnt matter how many kills they had. Early game, mid game, doesnt even matter. The game was like this: Early game, try your best, farm something bla bla. Mid game: someone is gonna get raped, either you or them. Doesnt matter. Late game: Hoho haha.
&gt; following Christ is truly the best way to live your life. What if you follow Christ but don't believe in God(as I do). I know much of his teaching, probably all lead to God but I don't believe it. But i think his teachings about love, forgiveness, bravery and many others made the world we know now a better world where we learned to respect others. God or no God, i think Jesus had a major role in the development of civilisation.
I don't believe in God myself( although i think Jesus' teachings were great and had great impact on the development of civilisation) but i don't understand something about christians who refuse science. Science and all the theories about creation ( e.g Big Bang) do not disapprove the existence of a Creator. There could be a God who thought all beforehand: the big bang, universe expansion, universe cooling, supernovas, blackholes, physics law etc etc. If God is infinite, i think his creation would be the same
But how did people even wrote Genesis? I mean we can't really take it literally as NT for example where people who wrote it actually saw what happened while Genesis, I hate to say it, but people who wrote it could have been clueless. Or God could have told them how he did ofc but still, you get the point. Also even if God did told them how he did it, i mean, trying to explain star nebulaes or whatever to shepherds, might be hard, all they really need to know was that God created the world
&gt;unique role in His world. I would like to disagree. I don't believe that we are truly the only source of life in this whole Universe nor would i think that God would have waited 13.7~ billion years old to create us if he did not have other plans too
So how old exactly so you think Earth is?
I don't want to change your opinions, i actually truly respect you for believing in them but sometimes seeing is believing is better than believing is seeing. i think its better for believers, even non-believers to think at the Bible as a human construct intended as an expression of faith in God rather than a divine construct intended as an expression of control over humanity
I mean if you take this path, you could also just state scientific arguments which are based on evidence not a 2k+ years old book. You have to consider that even if God explained to the guys who wrote genesis how he created the world, they were a bunch of goat-helders, try making them understand black holes or star's nebulaes etc.. All they really need to know from god was that he created all
Well, what does world mean? Isn't his world his whole creation? Or do you think that there may be another God ?
&gt;I believe love and forgiveness are the most important things about Christianity You found your answer right there. If you love him, i think religion should not get in the way. Just my opinion, religion may mean more to you than it means to me Now we get to the fact that he lied for years, about something you care. I suggest counseling for you two if you still want to give it a chance. But first disscus about things
Well things i don't understand about religion or Christianity for that matter. I hoped they might enlighten me?
I didn't ask for Bible verses. I mean i wouldn't believe people here actually take the Bible 100% literally although i've seen some Young Earth people
Related to your first argument, is the Bible actually 100% word of the God. I may be wrong but i think its best to see the Bible as a human construct intended as an expression of faith in God, rather than a divine construct intended as an expression of control over humanity. Also infinite regression is possible if you think about it although its waste of time IMO. One could argue that, okay, God created the universe but what are God's origins then?
Hehe i guess it sucks to be bound to percepting only 5 dimension, one of which we have no control upon(time). It would be awesome if we could actually find the secret. Perhaps God would be proud of how far his Creation went :). That if he would not destroy us for being a threat lol
I can respect that but I do not actually think that you stone your kids for disobeying. Nor slaving people. Am I right?
Noticing what? I do not believe that Earth is 6000 years old or whatever. I mean yea, Bible suggests it and i can respect people who believe it but Bible also suggest to stone your kids for disobeying or that slavery is fine
Regarding 6, doesnt corruption require morality integrity to begin with. Do you believe that stars have such things? Or did I missunderstood your comment?
So you imply that if i go right now and hit my kids head with a stone is not morally wrong? Whatever then. what's that rational worldview? Ok then. What were the 1000-1 BC people if not agricultors or goat-helders? Engineers? This was not meant to insult them, i was stating the facts, the people from 2000years ago simply lacked knowledge(not that we don't too now)
Ah alright.
But you are wrong anyway. Nobody said that humans lived billions of years ago. Maybe 100k years. The Earth is tho ~4.5 million years old as science states right now. then there is no reason to believe that Earth is 6000 years old when there was found a human skeleton(Lucy, you probably heard about it) dated much much older than 6k. then if human lived with dinosaurs don't you think that there will be some drawings on caves' walls? Or any record of their existence if humans really lived with them. then when the meteor actually hits and dinosaurs die why humans live? Also the cloud of dust would not disipate in 4-6k years so again, theory cracks up. Even if god told Moses how he create the world to write Genesis, be sure that he would not go in details but give him symbolistic explanation(The 6 "days", Adam(Man, bringer of life), etc). All they really needed to know was that God created world not how he did it
http://paleo.cc/kpaleo/fossdate.htm I suggest you study what you claim before stating things like fossils are dated via DNA
But how did they get corrupted(amerindians) if they never heard about jews' God and his Son
For 1 i would go Miracle- especially right now
My bad, i have to read what words are forbidden
Yet people before jesus who believed in Jews god( mainly jews ofc) weren't so peaceful. And God even did encourage them( example when Jews enter Canaan, they murder canaanites. Jesus, though, through his teachings, he made a better world where people actually respect eachother
I'm pretty sure they did said that ranks are gonna change but quality of games are the same.
idk man you were the one implying that stoning kids is right. Where did i say Holocaust is morally right? Give a quote. &gt;And yet 99% of atheists do not murder. This is because all people know God in their heart of hearts. Or maybe becasue there are laws? People are not animals. I guess you subestimate yourself but there are people who can think of themselves and know what is good and what is evil, isn't that the result of Adam eating the apple? Some do not need a God to make them think&amp;act rationally or morally.
Christopher Hithcens 1:3 says "I don't want to believe in God because it would depress me". Did you become an atheist? Now let's be serious, this is a cute, little symbolistic story. When someone is so fanatic that he wants to hijack a plane, a random person won't change their perspective. Even if it does, the part with the FBI is nonsense, those agents would lose their badge next day. Also i don't like it that it is again against Islam. I think Christian should stop mocking muslims. Muslims are not terrorist. Yes, most terorrist are muslims, but it has nothing to do with the general religion just as for example most Christians aren't YEC although many YECs are ignorrant and insult those who believe anything else.
I mean, you seem to really try to annoy them :P in all the posts on this subreddit.
Hi. I am an atheist( although i admire Jesus and his teachings, I just don't believe in an existence of a God) so take everythign here with a grain of salt. 1. Well it depends. Obviously, the Bible states that sex before marriage is a sin. Now, the Bible does not define marriage(althougb many people back then had concubines without marrying them, so i am a bit afraid of making such a absolute claim), but from Paul's writings mainly some thinks that marriage means sex( when you become one flesh with someone) and not nessecarily the ritual we know today. But again, we can't really know what the Bible means. So if you still want to be loyal to your beliefs, then, unless you are 100% you are going to marry this guy( which i am almost sure not, you are still a teenager), don't have sex. Blowjob, i can't really say, from my PoV is okay( well from my PoV premarital sex is perfectly normal too, but I am not here to argue but help you) because you don't really become one flesh with him. Up to you honestly. Now, thing is, you forgot to specific one thing. Does he share your same beliefs? Because many people these days, the majority actually thinks premarital sex is normal and common sense. So you really have to sit down and have that "awkard" talk. Listen to him. Does he agree with all this? Can you find a solution TOGHETER to make it work if he doesn't or are you just simply incompatible. For 2, I can't really answer because I don't believe in a God, but i guess you will know when it happens. Search your feelings. Personal opinion(if you want to hear it): It depends how much your religions means to you. There are people who can be with a person that doesn't share their beliefs or a person who puts religion head of the list. IMO, after all, Jesus' teachings were about mainly Love, and I think that nothing should stay in front of Love, but this is just my opinion. Also I am not sure how old are you? 16-17? Do you feel prepared to have sex, both physically and mentally?( if you decide to, ofc). Also don't have high expectations from first time, consider that you are both inexpierienced. But most importantly, use protction.
There are people in this world that are just cruel.
I am an arrogant flamer. I pick Crystal fucking Maiden every game and go safelane because i identify as a carry. I tell my team to mute me. I then proceed to flame my support for feeding and my mid for not ganking. I lose game. EZ -25 mmr. At the end i say "commend me report X(mid hero) because i am an arrogant flamer. Flamers don't need MMR.
I think you did not comprehend my question. It was satire. Just as in OP story, the terrorist started to believed in God after a series of quotes from the Bible. It's suppose to symbolise how great faith can change other's life. At least i guess so. Well, the Bible has its own bad things, like stoning, slavery, and more specific , when jews entered Canaan God encouraged them to destroy canaanites. Also, Mohammed was somehow similar in his teachings to Jesus before he got in an authority position. When he gained power obv he started to teach more immoral lessons. It's probably unlikely but who knows how would have Jesus act if he gained the same social power
Thats the point. He believes that they are 3 different Gods not one god
Thats sounds as dictatorship rather than democracy. Its not Middle Age anymore where religions were "tolerated". We cannot force people to change their beliefs nor take rights from them. This is not Jesus' way And i am sorry, but how is evil to believe something else. To muslims maybe, itsvil that you believe in God. We can't be 100% sure who is right, we'll see after we die. Anyway religion was never based on 100% facts but rather on faith and hope
I think they should bomb your house... like seriously now, nothing of value would be lost. Sorry mods i will probably get banned but its infuriating to see how someone would want to bomb people that don't share their beliefs
Have you ever considered that maybe Christianity is wrong? And maybe Islam is right or hindu or whatever? Because out there, 5 billion people don't believe in the God Christian worship. You have to respect their beliefs as well. Nowhere in the Constitution says that USA is a Christian country. You can't push your beliefs down someone's necks. You can't tolerate their beliefs because you insult human's rights just as slavery is forbidden. If God would have been atested, like 100% evidence that he exists and Christ is his Son, yes then maybe it would be appropiate to do smth like you said "convert them" or "tolerate them". Maybe. But anyway, at least for the moment Christianity is just like any other religion out there. You simply cannot push your beliefs on someone necks, and make USA a "Christian" country as long as at least 30% doesn't believe in Christian's God, and 60% of the christians are not really "true" christians( i mean there are people who call themselves Christians because they believe in God and Jesus but make no effort to follow them, go to church, etc) and if you think otherwise, i am pretty sad for you.
If it was clear than everyone would worship God. &gt;Yes, before I concluded all the others were false and converted to Christianity. Good for you. You stated it well. "I concluded" Exactly. You. 5 billions out there don't have the same conclusion. I concluded you are ignorrant. Is that possible? Yes. Is it 100% correct? No. What you basically say that if you concluded something, than that is correct
all those can easily be justified by having a low sens + small mousepad. Whenever i try to do a 180 i don't do a single mouse sweep, i have to do a sweep on my mous pad, lift, bring my mouse in initial position, sweep again. The only fishy one is 3 but only because of the shot. His crosshair wasn't even on the player. Also i am pretty sure that his teammate that died on plat gave him deathcam information. SO as he was looking short, teammate calls he is ramp he does his 180 and prefire but obv stops right there, which could be just random, and then adjust his aim.
How is it offensive? Its not 100% as i said but its heavily suggested. How do you explain homosexuality among species like cats, dogs, monkeys, bears, dolphins, birds? Because our current understanding of them and even the Bible suggest so is that they have no soul, so no emotions, can't feel depressed to change sexual orientation. And i don't even understand how could a depression change your sexual orientation. There is no such thing. There are people who find out that they are homosexual later in life, some even after marriage with a woman, but it does not mean that they weren't gay all along
I really really liked your answers. I do disagree with one thing though, your last answer. I see the kingdom analogy totally erong because that implies that people in the city knew about their king and chosed to disobey their king, while i think many can argue that amerindians(just an example) didn't really had a choice, i mean the continent separation happend million years ago(at least modern science says so) so they could not really get in touch with jews' God.
Ask her out? I mean the worst case is a NO. And everybody will find failure in their life, but when you have expierience of failure you are more prepared for it. Like seriously you don't have to do anything special but to ask her out. Be confident. Good luck mate.
Where in the Bible actually marriage is defined? I read something about that Paul's writings mainly suggest that marriage=sex(when you become one flesh). I am pretty sure though that the ritual we know today is nowhere to be find in the Bible. Also, im those times most mans had concubines, not married to them. And i reas about fornification and apparently the word does not exist before 1303 AD so it might suggest that the original word in Hebrew might mean something like "whoring". Sometimes i wished i know antic Greek and Hebrew so i could actually read unaltered version of Bible Though these interpretations still imply that you shouls have sex with only one partner.
Which carry? I hope you are not talking about void.
There are no better carries, all are situational. Medusa is good at that 50 min mark when she is a siege tank. But going further into thr game, when supposts are getting 6 slotted, her immobility really cripples her. Most of the fights in that ultra lategame team A baits medusa ult then just reengage and either ignores her while fighting rest of the team, or if she has rapier just hex her. CK is strong because he has good MS and can use reality rift to catch up enemies, but has insane dmg as well, and can rat. Sniper is another stupidly great carry ultra lategame because he can kill waves very fast, can disable blinks easily, and lategame unless you get the first initiation is very very hard to get to him, + he has high DPS
Implying your safelane doesn't get runned over in the meantime 4Head
What the fuck are you talking about gee
Pakistan and Iran people play wc3 dota for some reason, but yea, dota as a whole is more popular
Cs died at some point, i think they just loved 1.6 too much to make the transition and they switched.
Well, Koreans play LoL 95% so obv they don't play LoL's rival but rather another genre like FPS, so it makes sense.
They do. LoL is Koreans absolute favourite so obv they won't play its rival but rather a game from another genre
Because they play far more dota 2?
Yes, much more. What you have in your MM pubs is nothing compare to dota. Though in DotA russians are usually decent players, although they still lack communication and like to shittalk
Honestly if i wasn't friendzoned i would have waited for her :)). Just joking, but yea, she is actualy very beautiful(and that might be a problem in the way that boys probably can't wait until marriage to have fun)
&gt;proud look What does this exactly mean? I can't showoff with my face/hair/style if i have them?
Why?
&gt;Further, DNA and collagen has already been found in dinosaur fossils that are presumably "millions of years old", yet we know that DNA cannot last more than 10,000 years and collagen more than a million. Obviously dinosaurs lived closer to man's existence than what the evolutionary model claims. So you go on a rant about how DNA is flawed but you actually did not imply fossils are dated via DNA? Cheap troll atempt. I mean, what could i expect from an YEC than just to throw words here and there and after someone puts him in his place he just says: "nice try". Ignorance.
Ahhh the global flood. The one that makes things look old. I am wondering how the pyramides did not get destroyed by the water. Must be a miracle. Or perhaps the global flood was just the Black Sea Basin being flooded by water from the Mediteranean? Nah scientist must be wrong. Hurr durr, i have no backup arguments to tell how scientists are wrong, but hey they have PhDs for nothing, their whole life work means nothing because i can always show off my arrogance with an unsupported "I don't believe it". But then we can read the Bible, who knows, maybe it supports some scientific evidence. So the "global" flood. What did the dovd bring to Noe? Oops, an olive leaf. Hmm where did Olive grew ~4000 yrs ago? Oh yea, actual greek, Mesopotamia(turkey if you want). Hmm i wonder where are these regions. Oh yea near Black Sea/Mediterranean. Nah it must be global flood. Probably the pyramids were built only 1000 years ago, scientist don't know how to date. Oh dragons. The dragons legends. Must be more important than actual evidence. Yeap. The chinese dragon definetely looks similar to a dinosaur than any fossils found. nice troll atempt
What i found funny is that you say only the things you want to not the whole story. Which is funny considering that the Bible is all about that context, yet you do not seem to understand that concept. If your ignorance wouldn't blind you, you will know that those T-Rex bones in which DNA was found was coveres by Iron Mineral which preserved it.
What's your excuse then? One of the best? Who says? YECs? Christian apologetics(with your beloved philosophy) agree that the earth is old, the Big Bang theory and many more. I don't think there is anyone out there who goes and tells people that earth is 6k old because they get laughed at. I'm not going to argue anymore with you because you debate just like William Lane Craig, you just pick off on some things in the arguments you don't like or whatever but you don't answer to the whole argument. The only difference is that God gifted him a brain
Again. I told him about how there are 0 YEC scientist and all Christian apologestics(with his beloved philosophy) but nah he keeps telling me about atheists. Funny thing, your "science" is not accepted by 90% of the Christian scientist/apologestics and not accepted by 100% of the rest, yet you still call me a fool for not agreeing with your science. I ask you once more. Can you provide me any objective evidence for young earth supported by atheists? Because Christian scientists and apologists agree on old earth, but unfortunately, you don't so their idea is heavily dismissed
Geez too much salt is bad for you man
I agree. There are plenty of entertainers like you. Is this some "meme" or are we out there?
Nice stalk. If you actually read my posts you would see i am convinced atheist but hey. Do trolls have social life outside of computer? I mean like literally does anyone speaks to you outside of your mom? Are you a virgin actually?
Yeap. I forgot spitting words out there without any backup,links, evidence whatever are not assertions because it came from your mouth. gratz mate, sick debate. Apparently we are out there
Is this a new meme or are we out there? What happened to your day honey? You seem salty PJSalt
43 to be actually correct(normal is 42). So the joke is 1 more chromosome=retarded=every jungler ever
Yeah we are out there
Not really
Ya you are clueless
Well thing is turn rate is the one that makes melee carries viable. Thats why any LoL carry who is not ranged is ass
Maybe because that slow and dumb acts(turnrate) are a mechanic that makes sure melee carries are actually viable not creeps, unlike LoL.
yes, as ADC they are ass. I don't care what works in your pubs
I can see where you are coming from. I just don't see morality to be a religious thing. For example, with your child example, in the Bible, there are verses about stoning kids for disobedience. I don't care that it was written for Jews, or it was Mosaic Law or whatever, God at some point told Moses(he wrote the Leviticus, or at least compiled it) that killing children for disobedience was OKAY. Yet, we can agree that such thing is simply not moral. So we either agree that this thing(stoning children) is moral or we agree that the Bible was wrong on this one, which again contradicts the Christian theology heavy. And i repeat, i aknowledge that this was meant for Jews but we are talking about the same God, who at some point, thought that killing children is ok.
So by your logical fallacy Messi has to learn how to play goalkeeper in order to be good at football? I suggest you not argue so much about things like videogame design as if you had a PhD in design or whatever. If we go around your logic again, if a 10 year boy can't learn 90% of a game in 1month, lets say even 1 year the game is bad. Which is simply not true. The point of dota was never to attract kids, yet it runs for over 11 years now.
5k everyone wants to play mid, whenever someone has to play support either A) intentionally feeds B) is not a good support(myself included) And there are the very few people who actually play support and they are generally very good at the game.
I'm a bit late to the topic but i have few questions, as i really like AM, he helped me rise from 2.5 to 3.8k mmr :) When is it a really bad idea to pick him? If you have a tough lane what do you do? You leech xp? Try to switch lanes? If your team is feeding, but enemy don't really have a push lineup(in that case i guess i should not have picked antimage anyway) what do you do? Splitpush and try to force them back, then maybe TP back and fight? But if they don't TP back what do you do? Continue to splitpush or TP back? Well i guess this depends on wheter you are pushing a T2 tower, or a T3 tower, or how fast they push, or if you are farmed enough to win a fight. Regarding the last sentence, if you are starting to get behind, your team feeds kills, how can you take the most out of that situation? Farm and push or try to fight with team even though i only have lets say, treads, bfury, vlads, manta, but my team is behind? And last thing, do you have any generic good farming patterns advice or maybe you can link me some VODs of pro players or where to find them. I would appreciate even a VOD of your gameplay, especially tough games, because most of the pro VODs out there, they are usually stomps. Thanks for your time.
Already saw that game. Do you agree with matumbaman's build? He went the same in Liquid vs LC and they were ahead in that game. Basically his build is treads,bfury,hyperstone,manta,moonshard then whatever you need. The problem i saw is that he was going a lot of times back to fountain. And i feel he farmed "too much" as i think he could have fight when he got the advantage(i.e he took 2 aegis, basically doing nothing just farming), and by doing that, Gyro eventually caught up. Also, lets say that we are talking about a disaster laning stage, they gank you in jungle then to atleast interrupt you, at what point would you consider skipping battlefury?
no we don't. I saw that most that come from Russian-like countries like Ukraine, Serbia, Belarus, Moldavia Republic usually celebrate on 7th Jan, while others like Greece(if i am not mistaken, Greek people are ortodox christians in majortiy), Romania celebrate on 25th. I heard people celebrate on both just for the sake of it
Well that what I meant. But i wanted to specific that in some countries although Orthodox in majority, people still celebrate on 25th I don't think its a matter of religion anymore. Many orthodox countries don't use Gregorian calendar anymore.
but most of the people try every hero at least 2 games to get a grasp on. From there its them to decide what fits their style and preferences. Before you said that Meepo is a bad concept because its too hard to learn, now you say "try playing" which is more reasonable. The only bad design i see about the hero its that is too hard to perfectly balance, not the amount of skill needed to play him. And again you are argueing with yourself. At first you said that a player has to learn how to play meepo in order to be able to play against, yet now you say with that football analogy that messi should only know what a GK does not learn to play GK. Which a guy replied to you before, saying that most people know what meepo does anyway and can easily counter him and play against him or around him if they are on the same team and draft accordingly
yes. It is a common myth that the Ecumenical Patriarch is the analog of Catholics's Pope which is not true. Ecumenical is from the greek word "oikoumene" or "Empire" and it basically means, that this like the Emperor's priest, if you know what i mean. For example, the Ecumenical librarian was the custodian of the emperor's books. History of religions is a really interesting topic, although i identify myself as an atheist. Always wanted to understand people and their faith.
I will heavily disagree with you, jugg is better than PA lategame in almost every aspecr. Higher dps, higher survivability, higher damage output, better push. There are very few scenarios where a PA could beat Jugg lategame. Also PA is a mid-game carry as well, but Jugg does everything better as OP said Just because something sounds good on paper, doesn't mean it is. Otherwise PA will be a late game monster which she isn't, thats why nobody in high mmrs go for a latetame build. Is true, her skillset screams lategame but she lacks. Blur is a very gimmicky spell, just as Coup de Grace(which is only 450% if i remember correctly). And both easily counterable. Also a 1v1 showdown will never happen, best case scenario PA survives jugg and abyssal him insta(if Jugg didnt abbysal just before omnislash ends) and gets healed up with lucky crits and satanic. But dota is a 5v5 game. And the thing is that PA ia a carry countered by bkb/linkens( you cant jump on someone) and her W, with the common all damage no attack speed build without her W, she is just a tiny with no attack speed
Your point is heavily misinformed. Jugg has a BAT of 1.4 which is the lowest in the game. He attacks much faster at all points of tha game. Also not to say that PA's blink is countered by BKB/Linkens meaning she will have 0 AS
Dude... Last hitting is not a limitation. Ok now you gone a wrong way. Yes a lot of new heroes are much better(weaver), much easier to use(everyone), Shop UI is not a total disaster anymore. Goind around saying that lasthitting or game length its a bad design.... It's reallya delusional path. Lasthitting is probably the main mechanic of the genre, it exists in dota, it exists in LoL, it exists in HoN, it exists in Smite. How is lasthitting a engine limitation? Are items limitation aswell? Exp as well? Again, casual =/= better design. I mean you talk like HotS is the most played MOBA with a flawless design, which everybody knows its not true(tyrande, for example). I would actually say that is a bad design. In dota, or any other moba really, drafting actually means something, you can outdraft your opponents. Items are what make heroes(who would play anti-mage if there was no manta) or unmake them( Omniknight would be so much stronger if Diffusal Blade didn't exist). But whatever, if you think that the "cut everything complex, and fundamental to the genre, make it casual, but still call it a MOBA" Blizzard mentality is flawless, good for you :). Hope your game will grow, who knows maybe someday it will surpass the big 2
Actually you made me curious, what do you think are Dota's major flaws and what does HotS have to offer. Might give the game a chance again.
Yes he is the guy with meepo bad design hero because 10 years old can't play him.
You talk like presuming you are the only arbitrary of what is a flaw. It's ok not to like last hitting, but to call it a flaw, it's a vert wrong way of viewing the word. I mean, yes, Dota may not be the best moba to get into at first, but HotS isn't aswell. Why? Because if you play HotS and then you try something else you'll have some problems. There are items, there is last hitting. And no last hitting is not a limitation. Is a skill needed. In LoL/HoN/Smite/Dota there are items that makes your hero stronger. If you just give passive gold to anyone, so everyone gets their items at the same time, where is the skill in that? if 3 other games, on 3 other engines still have last hitting, but you with your only game that get rid of the most fundamental skill in the genre. I get why you are praising HotS, i would like to as well, i grew up with Blizzard, but their former glory is gone, now they're just a shadow
Fair arguments. But neither of these make it "better". You like it. I don't. Who's right?
Anti-mage farms faster but Ember can actually help his team early on outside of laning stage. He is not as good as AM at 1v1s but in a trilane he is more useful. And ratting, ember rats easier because at some point with AM you lack item slots so you either sell your vlads for example to get a TP or you upgrade your boots to BoTs before finishing your last item. But with ember you can rat and still be ready for the fight instantly while with an AM you either get a TP or you stay with your team ready to fight which limits your farming. But on full rat mode, AM is much better at hitting buildings
Everyone who thinks that shadow queue is a thing is very delusional. Even complaining about shadow queue is so weird, if this thing really exists, and you are there, then it is because you deserve it. You don't get in shadow queue just because GabeN's dick wants it or smth
Yes it is. If the dev team thinks so, then it is
Its not about morality here. It's their game. If they think that you are worthy of Shadow Queue then yes you are. And yes, dodging is a bad thing. Just because you don't agree with who is on your team it does not mean you are allowed to dodge. I guess that e-peen is important
yes. That camp is now a :55 camp
I mean. You realize his attitude in a competitive environment is very different than in a pub. If we talk about pubs then Arteezy should be the worst teammate ever.
MoM is not really optimal(IMO it never was), especially when now burst heroes are popular, going MoM is like accepting defeat. Yes sven needs mobility so blink dagger is very viable. Although the usual build now at least in 5k+ is usually Hotd + SnY. With HotD you can stack ancients, take alpha wolf, armor creep, the purge guy, even the movespeed guy
RTZ is "official" while RTC started because his stream donation bot read RTZ as R-T-Zed.
If he can destroy pubs with awful guides, yes, he will probably become a mod.
Max E and Q, one point in W early on, maxed last. Sometimes you may get W for securing rune if you are alone against one hero on the enemy team. Item build, treads, you can go midas, atos/orchid(i dont recommend both, but atos is usually better in most situations if you don't need the silence), force staff shivas,hex, refresher, moonshard as a 4th item is good, blink is ocassionally good, Dragon Lance as well, and of course bkb if needed.
yes
Well, yes there are kids in all communities, but there are undeniably more in HotS. For example, people in Lol's and dota's subreddit talk only about their game, while people here feel the urge to bash on the other games design. Well, i guess it is because Blizzard isn't the giant they should be in the scene
Again you make assumptions with little to no expierience. Dota has plenty of skillshots. It doesn't have LoL's 2 sec CD tennis machine but a pudge hook or mirana arrow are much harder to hit then lets say Blitz grab or Nidale arrow.
Still few months late with the sniper thing and the other 2 never happened. Eh i guess AM thing is true for the first two TIs but because most of heroes weren't ported at that time
The only problem is that HotS is objectively worse designed than Dota at this specific moment. It is also worse designed then LoL and Smite because all 3 games mentioned have a much bigger community, only Smite which is just a bit ahead. So actually, objectively speaking, it is a HotS players' insecurity. No offend guys, i just dont like when people make unbased assumptions. I don't understand why at least 10% of this subreddit weekly front page contains design issues and how other games failed(altough, objectively speaking, they didn't). i mean, Lol's and dota subreddittors only speak about their game and don't even talk about HotS existence. So, reminding yourself how superior your game design is( if it really is) it is indeed an insecurity
Not against a silencer
Good job EG. I want Alliance to do it though BibleThump
Did I see some wet eyes there? I think the change back to Alliance was a good choice. And right now they play pretty good
Pffff a lot of things. The genre is more popular, the game is free, the game is better balanced, the game has more and better features. It is basically Valve's spoiled child, they want it to be popular and it is working. Thing is, you have to think that CSGO has no competition while Dota is behind LoL so Valve has to work to become mainstream. Other than that, human opinions. A lot like Dota or ARTS/MOBA for their superior complexity and depth, or they just don't like FPS.
its a /masterrace subreddit. What do you think they would do? Its a thing to have daily design bashes on other games on a satiric masterrace subreddit, its another to have on the official subreddit for that game Also your analogy is off the mark because cars cost money, and not all the people afford them. If everything was free, most people would choose to have bugattis over Fiats but they are not free, while games are completely free
I don't see why would they have any bigger chances than OG, Alliance, Secret, LGD, or Cdec
Not really, there are unique individuals everywhere. I can't tell if he is actually serious or just making a bad joke with that "half team"
No there are actually no cheats beyond those techies and instant usage of items scripts. There was a map hack for a while one week ago but it was due to an exploit with pressing Alt-Enter sended you the position of players. Thats why sometimes if you play Alt+Enter you can see enemy heroes in fog. But it is fixed now afaik
You actually have literally no idea. Source was the one with raw aim, because first shot innacuracy was almost non existent thus AK and deagle were laser guns. GO is the most tactical game out of the 3 because you actually have to think what you are going to do not just aim and click.
=)))). If you are talking about COD, they have aim assist and no recoil. Which is more unrealistical? GO is aboit skill, just as Dota. Its not unrealistically innacurate. It has recoil, moving innacuracy and other things.
We'll see.
Well than maybe come up with true facts? It doesn't matter for how long you played if you play didn't understand the game. How long you played doesn't change the fact that you spit bullshit like GO being less tactical(when is actually the game who went more n tactical path) and more aiming dependant than Source(which is funny cuz you said you played 3k hours on and still don't know that Source was the aim,no brain game out of the 3)
Again he comes with the "high competitive" argument while still giving no argulents for his statements. so tell me, if you played at high level why you have no idea about the games' mechanics? And to answer your question, yes. P.S. playing some ESEA cups doesn't mean high competitive level ROFL.
I can't really make a top. Lone druid, tiny, AM, lycan, TB, meepo, AW, alchemist,windranger all have high TD
Sigh, i hate people who go 4 points in Reflection. You hage to realize it does no damage early game anyway. But thats not even the problem. You have to have a coordinated team to play around it. Also, Conjure image simply gives you too much farm speed. Thats why you see pros still going for W and E build. The fighting build simply caps your farming speed.
He went 2-4-3. And i agree, 1/2 points in it are good because of the slow but i hate people going 4-0-4. It limits your farm so fucking much and the illusions don't even do that much damage early game.
You have no clue. Firstly you have to realize that the winrate is based on ending inventory. That means that if the TB has BoTs the game went long so he is probably farmed and will win the game. This is with all the heroes. Does that mean that i should rush BoTs on my Lion or witch doctor ? No. Other than that, you have to realize you are normal skill and don't have any clue about the game.
Finally my ears of fanboying Alliance paying off
Finally my ears of fanboying Alliance paying off
Finally my ears of fanboying Alliance paying off
Finally my ears of fanboying Alliance paying off
Finally my ears of fanboying Alliance paying off
:steamsalty:
lmfao
What? Who the fuck buys treads on tinker?
Yes
Right.
Heheh you would think that.
or the whole earth, its size is capable of doing it
its a replay mate
Well i guess he is trying to make the hero a ganker again buffing his Vortex, but he was fine as it is before, plenty of people, especially in pubs would go for the 1-3-4 build. The idea is okay, he should be a playmaker, not nessecarily a flash farmer as people played him, or at least somewhere in the middle but now he is utter trash. i get why people were complaining because he could jump supports from far away( i mean even then, if you dont play differently against a storm is your prob, i guess people don't like playing differently: see techies complaints, storm complaints etc.). I dont get why Storm is so nerfed to oblivion while Ember is still recking
well you cant crush mid, the hero doesn't offer any outplay possibility anymore. Ulti is way too shit without items, going for a kill at 6 is hard, even escaping ganks is tricky if you wasted mana on something else, Q costs way too much to constantly get creeps +overload charge
exactly. It's basically what happened to TB. They nerfed his illus so they die instantly, then they nerfed tower damage done by illus so he cant splitpush then they made reflection to be better late but useless in 80% of the laning stage because the slow is meaningless, while with the old one once you outnumbered them you got a kill with it 100%. Then i dont know how but my palm is instantly slapping my forehead when i see a TB going for 4-0-4 build then realizing that he has no farming skill so no possibility of coming back. The same with storm. They nerfed his farming, they nerfed his ganking via ult nerf and bloodstone. What is he good at then?
Not really. Magnus seems to tanky and has skewer, while SF will just crush him in lane
ember spirit.
Why did Icefrog nerfed Storm spirit to Oblivion. ^^And ^^TB ^^for ^^that ^^matter.
Chen buffs mostly. And lycan maybe. The meta was same in 6.84-6.85. Get behind that 10 min Mek from shadow fiend/ bloodstone from leshrac or just run at your enemies with Slardar and Doom. Same memeball. Carries have no place in this meta
Personal opinion? Awful. But this comes from an old school carry player. The meta is basically just the same as 6.84-6.85 same Memeball at 10 min, rax down at 20. Some find it entertaining tho
Because legion Commander is a shit jungler. She is such a good laner, that hitting creeps in the jungle is a waste. Also outside of 2-3k mmr range, lets say even 4k, Junglers are punished, especially weak ones like LC. Also its hard to get duel damage vs competent players
No. What explains Spectre's winrate is that 90% of dotabuff games(or dota community for that matter) are &lt;5k( or 4k). So games tend to go longer so spectre is obvs a good pick. her winrate is decent in 5k&gt; but people there are going more for fighting build, not naked radiance. So games end fast anyway. Also People underestimate Spectre's possibilty to fight early. Badman showed its possible, and it works good both for pubs or competitive dota. So yea, still, memeball. I mean, you cant deny it, after watching Starladder and/or WCA
I mean, people overestimate Reflection. Is pretty bad in laning stage, old reflection was better. In fights is okayish, but you need to hit some immobile, with good auras carry like WK, tiny to matter. An Anti-Mage,morph, PL would just Blink/wave/Doppel out. Its good for cancelling blinks tho. Conjure image is shittier than before for obv reasons. In meta form, before skadi you cant actually hit anything without setup from team because you have shit MS. I guess building drums and yasha negates that but still. And please don't tell me about the 4-0-4 build. It requires team effort, you have to convince your teammates to push etc. Also with this build if they trilane you or strong dual lane(which is very common) if you fall behind you have no possibilty of coming back because you cant do the usual kill jungle camps while your Illusion is killing lane creeps so you cant flash farm.
A list can't really be made as people change, heroes too, metas too, you know what i mean. But ofc there are some players who are best at their heroes. Bulldog- best LD and NP player. Arteezy- best lycan and probably Shadow fiend. Sumail- storm Akke-chen S4- bat and arguably magnus(although there is arise, he doesnt play on a top team) and puck(there is FATA so im not sure) EGM- best IO and possibly Naga Siren Dendi- best pudge? 4Head BurNIng- anti mage Etc
It hits the same, idk what you are talking about. Is the same 40-60-80-100% damage scaling as the last one.
A carry by definition is someone who farms and when he gets his items he is capable of carrying. A 20 minute memeballer is not a hard carry by definition.
+1. Maybe this is just because i am a carry player, but the meta has been too stale now, 3 patches with the exact same memeball
You realize there was gyrocopter in wc3 dota right? "Old dota player" my fucking ass
And corki was made after Aurel Vlaicu, Gyrocopter Dota WC3 model. I still don't see how Icefrog ripped, when the model is much older than LoL itself
Which fucking gyrocopter What are you talking about? There was a gyrocopter in wc3 dota, the is corki in LoL and then is Gyro again in Dota 2. How did icefrog ripped him off, i cant understand what you are trying to say.
Its not like that harrass matters 5 mins into the game when most heroes have a 40-50 base damage. And if you go for a 4-0-4 build, then you are doomed to lose if you get behind hence you have no way of flash farming
Yea you clearly dont understand Terrorblade. The build always was max Conjure first. It allows you to go into the jungle and last hit on lane with illusions. So this way, you keep pressuring lanes and have 12-15 lh/minute in a good game or at least 10/min on a bad game. Going for 4-0-4 build or any build really that implies maxing reflection first will handicap you. If you fail during laning stage or they have some strong dual lane you can't farm anymore jungle + lane because you don't have conjure
AM farms faster is the main reason The other reason is that Spectre actually loses to AM late game if the AM is played correctly.
No its not. Diffusal wins every game Radiance does while Radiance doesn't win all the games Diffusal does
Holy fuck. Dunning Kregger effect at its finest
Its not really the best late game scaling hero. After people start to get shit load of stuff( i am looking at supports now) she becomes pretty obsolete comparing to a Medusa, Ember, even gyro if he can unleash his full combo with rapier + refresher before he gets bursted down
Well for carries generally Slark, PA with 6 slots wins vs Spectre and AM more often than not wins against spectre. I am not sure about TB and Naga, although Naga can instantly pop Song when Spectre haunts while TB... he is TB its not like he cares. + they can always go the splitpush path which Spectre is not particularly good at dealing with. With medusa is pretty even, with Rapier on medusa things gets nastier. Ember is tricky aswell, you won't really be able to kill him, while your illus just melt under SoF.
A lot more damage? At the time spectre gets radiance in a normal game is way too late to be very effective beyond disabling blinks. For example thats why it is so good on Alchemist, you get it at like 10 minutes and then you can just run with ulti up at them. But a 25-30 minute radiance won't do so much. I mean, you can get it at 20 minutes but that implies you have phase/treads and radiance so basically you are paper, again, in a normal game. The choice is not between Radiance and Diffusal but between Radiance and Butterfly. Both give the same thing, evasion, while Butterfly gives more damage to you and your illusions, and Radiance can disable blinks and make the whole team miss, not only if they are attacking you.
You farm just fine with drums and yasha. Is the same logic behind as the old TA build. You do plenty of damage with manta and diffusal. Most important, you are not useless for 25 minutes
What is overloaded? He literally has only one skill that needs to be activated-the stun. He has 3 passives. He is the simplest hero in dota.
Well obs you have mains when all the champions are grouped so there are at least 10 of them that do the same shit, so those who can't buy all of them don't feel as they are missing something. Just shit business model, stay classy Riot/Tencent
You realize this guy is 6k and one of the best TB players Holy fuck this 4ks thinking they know anything about the game at all.
What? 6.83 longest game was SFZ vs C9, which is chinese here? And the chinese methodology is dead for at least 6 yrs now
I am pretty sure Draskyl is at least 6k
He bants with LD during pauses mostly, but in games he is very serious. At least at the SL finals this was the case.
Ironic, EE is consistently their best player ... I respect Puppey but his stubborness and innability to play anything more than Dazzle on a top level detriments the team just as much as EE's throws or Misery underperformance
That was pie lie die on the BH
PA doesn't have better laning stage then AM. They are pretty equal, AM is better in 1v1s or 2v1s while PA can farm even if contested with dagger
Yes but than you make a lot of heroes too damn strong. Imagine Anti-mage capable of building Skadi and Satanic. So literally the fastest farmer in the game with now a pretty good lategame aswell.
Well but than no skadi and Satanic
No but if you got lets say 30 stacks they spawn with 90 more agility, which is insane, so sometimes manta is okayish, and after a fight you can push like a tiny
Depends. Matumbaman insight might be better, but i want to hear someone with fluent english
&gt; and some are on the same level as some 4k's/5k's I am not sure you are serious. Was this a bait post?
which i don't understand, considering the next major after Shanghai is there
Ya, right. Bulldog and his friends laughed so hard
he is weak though as a carry. He has very shitty dps without the glass cannon build, but you have no backtrack which could potentially make up for the lack of survivability
Lol he wasn't imba at all, he wasn't picked in competitive for like a lot of time, and even when it was he was picked as an offlaner. Void was a very gimmicky carry, contrar to popular belief
PJSalt NA fan doto
Well, in those kind of situations, morph may not be the best choice :). The best you can do is keep farming and pressuring towers, while having a replicate illusion near your team so you can join the cleanup crew
Maybe i misread what you said, but by following your logic, why do you pray/follow Christ and His word every day? Shouldn't you do it once and be happy with it?
But i can interpretate that Genesis verse like this :. A kills B. So A is killed by C. But the C is killed by D etc and so on. It does not say that a human is entitled to kill a guilty human. Only that the penalty for killing is being killed. Also, was Hitler really the minister of God? I highly doubt so.
But that implies that every authority, every government out there is established by God. I know i am kind of questioning Bible, but i'm rather questioning the interpretation of it. Then i come again on the Hitler example. So then God either established his authority/goverment knowing what was bound to happen or he failed with him. Whichever the case is, i feel bad about Christians, if this is their omnipotient, all mighty powerful God
&gt; we choice how we react to our feelings. exactly. But having those feelings is not a choice. I admit that homosexuality is a sin in the Bible no matter how you interprete it, but i think christians should have a little more compassion for gays, it's hard to remain celibate, let alone "switch" to the other gender.
Actually, homosexuality among animals exists. There are a lot of examples
Mainly because he said that nobody is born gay or lesbian The choice gay people have to do is not "be gay or don't be gay" it's wether they act on their urges. I agree it's a sin to have same-sex relationships, but not to feel same-sex attraction. but tbh, i have compassion for christian gays, it's very hard to remain a celibate. And then there are other Christians that try to remove them from the Church, which is rude, i mean, i wonder how they would do if put in the same shoes as gays.
Yet look, she didn't find out until they moved togheter. I don't understand how you can love someone(i don't mean actions of love, nor do i mean love as loving your neighbor, but i mean like loving your husband, feeling emotionally and physically attached to the person) if you don't spend some time togheter. Sex is not needed here. But you still need to spend time togheter, doesn't have to be sexual. But in my opinion, before you marry someone, you need to know what you are getting in.
Show me one example. Is there any evidence gay people are not born gay? The Bible doesn't specify this.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexuality#Homosexual_behavior_in_other_animals https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_animals_displaying_homosexual_behavior basic stuff, when i get home later i'll find some more
well that would be nice, but there is no example of a person losing changing their sexual orientation unless they are bi to begin with. I mean, there are gay people who marry, but those are living a lie. And look what happens, the artist above is an example. Kids and wife, now he probably shocked them all. They will probably divorce now. I feel bad for the kids.
I'm still waiting on any Bible verse that says that you cannot born homosexual.
Show me one. And i don't mean living a lie by marrying the opposite gender to end up like this artist. I mean an example where the brain chemistry changed, so the person actually changed his sexual orientation not just faked it
Yes, there are things a couple can do outside of sex
It's not really comparable. All of those things have benefits(i guess speeding not), that can outweight the side effects if used carefully. But, being gay, has no real benefit in a Christian world.
Yes it has. There are a lot of reports about a gay couple(animals) adopting a baby
Thats not the definition. Very few species actually commit to a life-long bond. Most are seasonal. Gay couples often adopt a baby(i'm talking about animals here) so it has a benefit
So? Homosexual relationships still happen. Like that pair of male pinguins who succesfully adopted and grew up an egg/penguin. Even if the relationship isn't long term, that is a rarity among animals anyway.
I agree with that, but the baby later could reproduce. So even then, it still has a benefit for the species
I'm not questioning where homosexuality is a sin or not according to Christians. I just said that it's better to remain celibate than to marry someone you don't love. You don't agree with this?
The point was that he said gay isn't natural because it doesn't happen in the animal reign. His argument falls there because it many species show homosexuality behaviour. Homosexuality could be unnatural, but not happening in the animals reign is not what suggests it. You already replied to some of my comments without actually putting any effort into actually reading the context and what i wrote and just blindly downvoting. I hope you don't do the same with the Bible, remember, context is important.
I assume you replied to the wrong post?
It's not really comparable. Being a alcoholic involves physical addiction. Porn is in your mind. You won't have mild psychosis like hearing voices and speaking to random objects in your house, and just generally feeling sick and down, which are all effects of the alcohol withdrawal
I disagree with the first(we have the ability to determine the age of the Universe quite precisely), but i agree with the second. We can't rewind the expansion only a second or smth after the Big Bang. Anything beyond that is to anyone's guess.
The point still stands with any other topic Christian and scientists disagree with. Scientists have no reason to shut their mouth if they discover something, it can't bring them anything but success. Unless they are wrong obvs
I think he is saying he probably won't get another life, or even if he does he will probably suffer for eternity, unless he converts, which is unlikely.
so good is a tool?
There is definetely something. Could be multiple personality disorder. You said she found her "new self", becoming a feminist. I think you should convince her to go to a counselor. Something is up. Her behaviour is really irresponsible for a grown human being, married for 13 years
I would just go with John Owen here: ""If private revelations agree with Scripture, they are needless; and if they disagree, they are false." Though that still doesn't adress where the person has a mental illness or not
&gt;personally The christian view on alcohol, or any other drug, is that it's permitted as long as you use it moderately. Alcohol didn't ruined your life, you did.
I've never heard of that belief in my life. What denomination are you? The system would be way too weak. Live the most wicked life, don't repent, don't acknowledge Christ, and then you are choosing between Jesus and Hell. Why would anyone choose hell? I'm pretty sure this is not the common belief in any denomination, maybe very very very very liberal Christians, but even they would rather believe in purification.
I wondered the same thing .Never heard it in my life
Thats the christian theology wether you like it or not. Jesus is the only way
yea, because forcing someone to marry you and have sex with you it's totally different from sex slavery. Smooth
Yet this "basic" human psychology doesn't stop rapists. Or the mongols 1000 years ago. or the russians 70 years ago. . the common soldier psychology during war is "have fun" by killing innocents, raping women, stealing. So you're wrong. And the last part is irrelevant. They could have married the girls before raping them. Still sex slavery.
The soldiers could have forced the girls to marry them and to bear their children. Is still rape.
I mean, can we really know who is self-defending here? I mean, if a foreign, unindentified military airplane would enter US' aerial space or any other country they would pretty much get deleted from the face of the earth in a matter of seconds. Invading someone's land is not self-defending to me. Israelites were cleary trying to conquer it.
Loving God implies listening and obeying to his rules. From your first post, it seems to me you don't regard OT's God as God, which is false. He was YHWH.
Rapists, or soldiers during war don't care about what the defending side wants. Easily shown by the rape victims of the Mongols 1000 years ago, or more recently victims of russian soldiers during WW2. Wether sex before marriage was allowed or not is irrelevant, soldiers could have forced the girls to marry them and bear their childs. Sounds rape to me
It's funny cause you chosed not to reply to the other comments i wrote to you on the matter. This "the captiver won't be delight so he would let her go" is not related to reality. In a perfect world that would happen. I already give a bunch of examples like the russian army during WW2 where they raped thousands of human, or the mongols under Gingis Khan 1000 years ago. These are concrete examples, where soldiers want to "have fun" by stealing, raping, killing innocents. Rapists don't care wether their victim likes it or not. And i can ensure you, when an army made out of bunch of nomad, barbarian people like Israelites were few millenias ago go at war, they will rape, steal, kill innocents. Especially when even their God allows them to do so. Instead of avoiding my comments please reply to them
I was refuting your point that planets are not mentioned in Genesis thus not exist
Now thats actually one of the most interesting theory i heard of. So what you mean here is that Adam and Eve were directly created, as grown up humans, while others had to go through evolution. That's quite interesting idea.
Tbh, i don't think the movie was necessarily christian, but rather religious. The point of it it's how much power religion has, how much it influences humanity(hence the guy leading that city wanted the Bible). At least that makes sense to me as why Quran and the Bible are on the same shelf. I don't think the movie was about Christianity, they just happened to choose the Bible because the storyline is in America, and probably for marketing.
I think it's anti whatever means to be Christian. Sure homosexuality is a sin. But you don't have the right to fire someone because he is a sinner. I think, from a Christian perspective, we should help gay people, especially those who try to repent and remain celibate, instead of hating them and ultimately forcing them to hate Christianity
lol. Blaming the substance because he has no self control
How does life on other planets affect Christianity though? Did jesus die to save them as well? Or they did not fall? Why are they not mentioned in the Bible, if they exist?
Well maybe he spread. Or maybe they never had fallen. So does that mean, if life on other planets is found, will that steer you away from Christianity?
How are they not better than pedophiles and thieves? How do they affect you? what does poor character mean to you? loving is a poor characteristic to you? Also show me a field where having sex with whatever gender actually matters. If we treat sodomy different than, we should also treat differently any person who practices oral, anal sex, uses condoms, is on the pill, natural birth control or whatever catholics use etc. Soon we'll have no employees
Thats fair and all, but what about people that existed before Christianity? Or those who died before coming in touch with it?
I'm not talking about Jews
For example, native Americans as OP said. Or anyone in Europe really. Again, i'm talking about ancient times. From the cave man to the Roman Empire. How are they judged?
Hmm, off topic now, but related to Adam and Eve, how do you explain black people?
Zai is not even in the team lmfao
ah sorry, i misread what you wrote for some reason
What's your youtube?
Black. Even GoDz lol.
Tbh it was more than only the comeback mechanic. Sniper was truly unstoppable at the time. Shrapnel was just way too good. Sniper is one of the best ultra late game carries. A sniper with rapiers who actually knows what he's doing is game over for the other team. There are ways of getting around medusa, spectre etc, but you can't get around sniper only by killing him, which is very hard cause of his range. Then Shrapnel also made his early game, especially laning stage way too good for a hero that, unless heavily counterpicked dominates ultra late game. Comeback mechanic just made sure that even shitty players that somehow managed to lose the early game as sniper got to lategame
You are wrong again though. Pendragon made a story about IF in 2010 i think called who is icefrog: the story behind bullshit or smth like that. So yea, considering how he tried to cover up the whole dota-allstars situation, i'm not believing a word of his
your flair. if you want to unbalance the game by delivering a new hero every 2 weeks, LoL is the game for you
I mean, we still haven't ported all the heroes from first itineration, afterwards we'll see plenty of new heroes. but i wouldn't be surprised if they did more than one per year. I mean, ofc when there are 70-80 heroes in the game and the dota-allstars forums are packed with suggestions, heroes are being implemented much much faster. Let's keep hating thou.
way bigger because they are first and tried to kill all the other games. If Valve were 2 years faster, maybe only one, it could have been the other way.
Doesn't matter. The game is such a shithole that, it shouldn't be on the map. LoP's case show exactly how effective securing the ENTIRE market before any real competitors arrive can be. And probably the game would not die, because now it's way too big, and 60-70% of the players, and, excuse my language, are deepthroating Pendragon so deep you can't hear a word they say. Though, at the pace they're going with these bad development issues, and because Dota is starting to get bigger and bigger, and its clearly a better alternative for the "core gamer" to quote Pendragon on this one, i wouldn't be surprised seeing more and more people making the switch.
He tried to kill Dota twice. 1. He took down the dota-allstars.com website and destroyed the biggest dota community, putting up a LoL ad in its place. Imagine if all the biggest dota forums today were simply removed from the internet... it was a huge blow back then because that was the main site with tons of history and guides etc. Most people only played dota with the other people they met on the forum, and now all those connections were lost. Riot poached the hero suggestion section for champ ideas, so most champs in LoL are dota rejects from there. The guy who invented Rammus was notably pissed off at Riot for taking his idea. It was replaced with http://playdota.com, which is run directly by good ol' IceFrog and is still up to this day. Anyway, because of all that stuff, the Dota community gained a huge hatred for LoL which led to the whole "Dota is better than LoL" thing from a few years ago. This hatred sort of ended after Pendragon released the DotA-Allstars forum from his clutches in an act of peace making, and what that did was cause us to hate LoL less (and hate Pendragon more). A few pieces of history here for your viewing pleasure: [[1]](https://www.reddit.com/r/DOTA/comments/12zjm6/access_to_the_old_dotaallstarscom_to_be_restored/c70dlon?context=3) [[2]](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/13464x/riotpendragon_response_to_dotaallstars_forum/) [[3]](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1344a8/in_case_you_didnt_see_it_this_is_pendragons/) 2. Sometime through Dota 2's development, the International 2 caught Riot's attention. Dota 2 was still in beta at the time, but TI 2 was huge and got lots of exposure this time around. Long story short, Pendragon brings forth a copyright issue telling Blizzard that Valve should not own the rights to the mod. Little did Pendragon know that Blizzard and Valve are on really good terms, so the whole ordeal was pretty much settled out of court. Officially, Valve now owns Defense of the Ancients and derivatives thereof. :) This hilarious backfire of Pendragon's plan caused him to give up trying to attack Dota and give back the allstars forum up in part 1 of this post. Now that Dota is protected by the juggernaut of a gaming company that is Valve, all Riot can do is hope to hang onto their player base (which they seem to not be doing a good job of...) and work with what they've built so far.
He tried to kill Dota twice. 1. He took down the dota-allstars.com website and destroyed the biggest dota community, putting up a LoL ad in its place. Imagine if all the biggest dota forums today were simply removed from the internet... it was a huge blow back then because that was the main site with tons of history and guides etc. Most people only played dota with the other people they met on the forum, and now all those connections were lost. Riot poached the hero suggestion section for champ ideas, so most champs in LoL are dota rejects from there. The guy who invented Rammus was notably pissed off at Riot for taking his idea. It was replaced with http://playdota.com, which is run directly by good ol' IceFrog and is still up to this day. Anyway, because of all that stuff, the Dota community gained a huge hatred for LoL which led to the whole "Dota is better than LoL" thing from a few years ago. This hatred sort of ended after Pendragon released the DotA-Allstars forum from his clutches in an act of peace making, and what that did was cause us to hate LoL less (and hate Pendragon more). A few pieces of history here for your viewing pleasure: [[1]](https://www.reddit.com/r/DOTA/comments/12zjm6/access_to_the_old_dotaallstarscom_to_be_restored/c70dlon?context=3) [[2]](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/13464x/riotpendragon_response_to_dotaallstars_forum/) [[3]](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1344a8/in_case_you_didnt_see_it_this_is_pendragons/) 2. Sometime through Dota 2's development, the International 2 caught Riot's attention. Dota 2 was still in beta at the time, but TI 2 was huge and got lots of exposure this time around. Long story short, Pendragon brings forth a copyright issue telling Blizzard that Valve should not own the rights to the mod. Little did Pendragon know that Blizzard and Valve are on really good terms, so the whole ordeal was pretty much settled out of court. Officially, Valve now owns Defense of the Ancients and derivatives thereof. :) This hilarious backfire of Pendragon's plan caused him to give up trying to attack Dota and give back the allstars forum up in part 1 of this post. Now that Dota is protected by the juggernaut of a gaming company that is Valve, all Riot can do is hope to hang onto their player base (which they seem to not be doing a good job of...) and work with what they've built so far.
Pendragon was the owner of dota-allstars.com, which was the equivalent of the team liquid forums + all the league subreddits. It was EVERYTHING for our community. He went to Riot, shut down the site, and stole ideas from it( Teemo, Rammus etc.) And now Tryndamere is defending him like he is the "dark knight of dota", picturing IceFrog as a villain, even though he has no evidence just gibberish like " we have the true story yadda yadda, Pendragon doesn't want to tell the full story yadda yadda, he said "let them have their hero yadda yadda" He tried to kill Dota twice. 1. He took down the dota-allstars.com website and destroyed the biggest dota community, putting up a LoL ad in its place. Imagine if all the biggest dota forums today were simply removed from the internet... it was a huge blow back then because that was the main site with tons of history and guides etc. Most people only played dota with the other people they met on the forum, and now all those connections were lost. Riot poached the hero suggestion section for champ ideas, so most champs in LoL are dota rejects from there. The guy who invented Rammus was notably pissed off at Riot for taking his idea. It was replaced with http://playdota.com, which is run directly by good ol' IceFrog and is still up to this day. Anyway, because of all that stuff, the Dota community gained a huge hatred for LoL which led to the whole "Dota is better than LoL" thing from a few years ago. This hatred sort of ended after Pendragon released the DotA-Allstars forum from his clutches in an act of peace making, and what that did was cause us to hate LoL less (and hate Pendragon more). A few pieces of history here for your viewing pleasure: [[1]](https://www.reddit.com/r/DOTA/comments/12zjm6/access_to_the_old_dotaallstarscom_to_be_restored/c70dlon?context=3) [[2]](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/13464x/riotpendragon_response_to_dotaallstars_forum/) [[3]](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1344a8/in_case_you_didnt_see_it_this_is_pendragons/) 2. Sometime through Dota 2's development, the International 2 caught Riot's attention. Dota 2 was still in beta at the time, but TI 2 was huge and got lots of exposure this time around. Long story short, Pendragon brings forth a copyright issue telling Blizzard that Valve should not own the rights to the mod. Little did Pendragon know that Blizzard and Valve are on really good terms, so the whole ordeal was pretty much settled out of court. Officially, Valve now owns Defense of the Ancients and derivatives thereof. :) This hilarious backfire of Pendragon's plan caused him to give up trying to attack Dota and give back the allstars forum up in part 1 of this post. Now that Dota is protected by the juggernaut of a gaming company that is Valve, all Riot can do is hope to hang onto their player base (which they seem to not be doing a good job of...) and work with what they've built so far.
Mine(not OP) is Croatia. Despite general consensus, i think Switz are overrated. I can see Albania or Romania going through, especially since Switz seem to have trouble opening up tight defences.
Their manager is shit. Also centeracks are bad. Mid is overall mediocre. They have problems opening tight defenses, which will be a big problem with Albania and Romania. I think 2nd place in that group is really 33% between those teams
I don't think you've watched any of Iceland lately
I mean you attacked their religion at first glance, i didn't really read it in context. I'll do later. Even if you are right, obvs they will be offended thus downvoting you.
No. El Classico is about history, not current form. Real vs Barcelona would still be El Classico even if they played for relegation
See guys? This is what happens when you put your head high enough your ass. Oxygen levels drop.
No, he doesn't. Most Jews i've been talking to said ESV translation is more accurate to the original text, at least for OT.
Well most Christians don't believe drinking or smoking(tobacco, weed etc doesnt matter) are sins. After all, Christ turned water into vine. The problem lies in being drunk, not drinking.
Idk what catholics you met. Being un-sober is something the Bible advices against. It's a thin-line between adviced against and being a sin, but most Catholics i know lean to the latter. But anyway, who am i to talk, i've done a lot of substances.
So does that mean that we should stay away from nicotine, alcohol, tea, coffee, legal + illegal medicine?
Nah, you are braindead. Splitpush was the do or die tactic Alliance used when things didn't work out for them. Their major game strategy was always outfarm the enemy with all positions, spreading networth between all 5 players, and then hit their timings. And this was back in 2013 and 2015 aswell when they won those 2 LANs(SL and something WCA if i'm not mistaken). People like you only remember the game 5 vs Na'Vi but failed to realize Alliance hadn't dropped a single map before the finals. And they also were the first Western team to beat the Chinese in their own country for a long long long time
Find it then. Bible doesn't forbid any substance, but promotes moderate use. Being drunkness, or un-sober is not recommended. 1 Peter 5:8-9
Well as i said, the Bible is not against any drugs including alcohol. Drunkness just usually leads to bad decisions which end up as sins. But Psalms are poetry anyway
He's not, Aui started as carry
jesus fullfilled the law, didn't overcome it
I don't think its a rule, rather a tradition.
Ah i agree with that, but you can still always go full stop without major withdrawal side effects. But yea, you still need the right mentality and power of will to overcome it, even if you don't feel sick.
I guess because you're implying RTZ is not as good as Miracle- without providing any arguments. If you think MMR is an argument you're stupid
Because playing in a pub is very different from playing in a pro game.
and you watch way too much Fox News.
&gt; but it is more healthy this is not necessarily true
As a Romanian, i don't think that's necessarily true, while there is some rivalry between us, Kassai is a respectable referee. And it's not like there weren't decision in our favours: Giroud's offside(wasn't) and Griezmann deviated shot which should have been a corner
Referee deepthroating France, such a surprise /s
Injured
But we are also very scared whenever we get into France's half. Can't blame them though, 9/11 of our starting 11 is at their first international tournament. I think if we scored that goal from the corner France would have been forced to throw men forward and we could have hit them on the counter attack. Anyway, in true Romanian fashion, even if we get a positive result here i bet we'll lose to Albania or smth
Really? Then why?
I think that aswell. I think either them or us will finish second in the group(assuming France will he 1st, which i think it's still a safe bet). Idk why, but i feel Switz will flop. Great players, but don't seem to be a great colective.
FUCL YOU. GET IN THERE. XOXO FRANCE
Payet is so good. Kante as well.
Not sure if troll or not
Dude he held Chiriches hand than laid down. Dive
I'm not even mad about that. What a shot
I grew up in an orthodox family
They always do well at TI under xiao8's leadership. 3rd place at TI2, 3rd place at TI5. Xiao8 is just a great captain. The only one that doesn't live up to expectations is Agressif, at least this tournament he wasn't very good. If he can get back to his TI5 form, i think we have a potential winner
Not really, but Xiao8 never fails with a team, while Puppey does(2 itinerations of Secret, post ti3 navi). I mean, he has 2 3rd at TI, one 1st at TI, and he even fucking got top 4 with BG at DAC, a team made of former legends who have practiced like 2 days or smth prior to the tournament.
what does super-mechanical mean?
Puppey wasn't captain until TI2 i think. SO ya, he actually never won a TI as a captain, but xiao8 did.
how
and puppey was last at ti4 so idk what's your point. That LGD had the bad luck of drawing Alliance which was the best team in the world by a mile. They lost one regular game, then lost one very closely. And then the liquid are doing it happened, which was a fluke
year when chinese win&gt;&gt;&gt;horrible TI. Nobody said TI was horrible until the finals, who yea were stomps. But that because people had high expectations from TI3 finals. TI5 finals weren't much better at all.
Ok, so let's get into the peasant's brain with some information. Turn rates are the ones that actually make melee carries viable. But nah, better play LoL where if you pick a melee carry you get kited to hell, obliterated by any range hero. Nice forced meta right there. Cast times are then again, something your peasant's brain would not understand so i won't even bother. But yea, LoL is definetely better, with a good client, good engine, spectator mode, in-game voice chat, sandbox. When are you getting an actual client by the way? And lets not forget the amazing varied hero pool, almost 30 heroes are viable in the pro scene! truly a perfect balance!
Oh really? Show me who the fuck goes bot with a melee ADC. Delusional
&gt; one being with three persons. so for example, Dissociative identity disorder?
care to elaborate?
Yea, you're correct. Well, trinity is hard to grasp on.
"True view" lol
Pope is not God on Earth and catholics don't consider him as such. It seems your hatred towards Catholics is based on some misunderstandings or ignorance
I mean, are you willing to argue forcing a victim to marry her rapist is moral?
Forcing someone to marry their rapist is just wrong even in that context.
Stick to your game mate, and to your subreddit. Don't forget to buy some new skins
The question "how can you still be Catholic" seemed quite offensive to me, like catholics kill baby pandas for a living or smth.
Are you a time traveler or how did you see through the eyes of a 1st century Jew? I don't understand why there was no better alternative? Ok, that woman would probably be single for the rest of her life, but that isn't a problem to the modern day Christian who is pretty quick at advicing gays to stay celibate. You say people loved their relatives just as they do know. To me it seems pretty cruel to force your daughter to marry her rapist, even if that means that you'll have to support her financially the rest of her life? That's what love is, being always there for your loved one. &gt;God that is true and then conform to his view of morality seeing he built the entire universe Off topic, but I simply don't agree with this. So basically you're saying something is morally good because God commanded it, and not because God is morally good in his nature. So God is a dictator basically?
oh really? Why? I bet they really liked being raped, and would totally love to live the rest of their life near that man?
But that's a problem with the American, or human in general, and not with meat. A balanced diet is more healthy
perfect? i thought only Jesus was without sin
If you really want to make that analogy, then i would say HotS is tic-tac-toe compared to Dota/Lol
&gt; here are so many stupid things to worry about. But that breadth masks a surprisingly shallow game. this makes no sense whatsoever
Yea, the hero would be broken. Arguably fastest farmer in the game, and then has amazing lategame. But i do think Mana Break is very very bad right now. I mean, look, Diffusal offers 25/35 AS and 25/35 +40 attack damage + 40 mana removal. And it is not an UAM. Mana Break offers 64 mana removal, and 38.4 damage. Either make that ratio 100% so we get the full 64 damage, or change it to pure, or maybe make it a % so it scales better.
I think Manta for Anti-Mage should be core for every game. Bfury 95% of the time aswell
Oh starry starry bear
And also the rankings on yasp use data from only players that are registered
You realize that TB illusions used to look exactly like the hero. I mean, how do you deal with PL mate? Or naga siren? Or CK?
It's called turn rate and it's what makes melee carries viable and not to be kited indefinetely by range carries(marksmen in lol) The AA and spells, your computer is a potato.
Not really. About Gold. 4k+ mmr is about 1-5% of the community. There is just a big difference between pro players and pubbers in Dota. Also a lot of the community sucks balls at the game, but its quite hard to be good at it.
its very obvious. mb you are colorblind or smth
well TB title was Soul Keeper afterall
That guy is a 7k/8k player, i doubt you ever played with him lul
They don't. Hah
Not really. You can still blink+TP and then fight him when you get some farm. I think the only scenarios where you would want a linkens on AM is against Doom and LC, especially if they have shadow blade. Against blink you could get away without it because the casting animations for both spells are quite big and Manta cancels it, but even then going for Linkens would probably be more reliable and give a bigger margin for error
tbh he was kind of asking for it
i don't think it's enough to push him into the meta. I would like much better for IF to keep buffing Vortex and make him more of a teamfighter. Aghs is very funny, and quite good. BH on a much shorter cooldown and very long initiation.
Not sure if you are series or not?
I can confirm that
Literally better than Penaldo at Euro so far /s
I actually thought he missed, somehow still found the corner
Isolated it is, and would probably be called as a foul anywhere on the pitch, but i agree, it was kind of soft
Dude Riot is exponentially bigger than Valve. They are not small, they are lazy
who?
are u ok? triggered much?
how is this relevant to the ability to play carry?
Speed Gaming mate
nah
When was that again?
Dark Seer*
Blink Jugg is pretty old anyway, and pretty good also, especially when togheter with Bfury.
what
2 major wins. Truly overrated. Luckily, there is EG to save the world
Glad a LoP player has knowledge about the Dota memelords. Afterall, 13 years of studying MOBA weren't useless- for realz.
my point is Blink on jugg is not justified because of Miracle, is justified because it's a good item on him
Action Real Time Strategy. ARTS is deviated from RTS since WC3 was an RTS. MOBA was invented by Riot for some reason
whoosh
Runes, champions etc, everything is behind a paywall. Maybe if the champions were actually balanced it wouldn't be such a problem, but since there are only 30 viable champs with the other ones just being worse clones, a player owning them has an advantage against the other one
lol why? I enlightened many friends who would never look back now to LoL
slow? The average LoL pro game is much more boring and slower and more farm intensive. Idk about pubs, or about 2-3-4k dota
Ya, but at least the majority of Dota 2 players don't deepthroat the developer and just close their eyes to every mistake they do just to get a new skin. And we don't hate the game nor the players, but Riot Yet look, Riot is getting away with no voice chat/replay system/sandbox etc, things that have been in the PC games scene for over a decade.
BKB would be broken in LoL but here we have lots of other ways to kite, including bkb-piercing spells. Also, outside of fighting, it is a useless item.
On ranked mmr i'm pretty sure he used to be mid 5k though idk if that's the case anymore, mb he reached 6k. Smaug used to be top 1 OD player(on Dotabuff obv) http://www.dotabuff.com/players/86717663 his dotabuff
oh wow people have different names on different sites, never heard of this
So you can't buy champions with RP or what?
A position one Sven really shouldn't be ganking or fighting until he has like 2 items(Blink + Armlet/Echo sabre, including HotD for ancient stacking) which takes about 15-20 minutes depending on the game. If his lane is heavily contested its worth putting points in cleave even earlier, grab a Mask and go jungle. And no, pros or high mmrs don't skip leveling his stun because their playstyle allows to. They skip it because the other 2 spells are far more important. One lets u be one of the fastest ancient stacks clearer in the game at a very early level while the other offers tons of survivability. Even if you have a "ganking style", i mean, then you should play support sven( even that is played for Warcry though, not for his stun). Also low mmr players are very passive, idk what you mean by aggresive here. The players are much more aggresive at high mmrs, less time-wasting, more efficient. The typical 2k player is very slow, and passive both in laning stage and past it And tbh i don't see how a pro player gets the maxed hammer same as a pubber who maxes it first. Assuming he max the other ones and with no point in stats he gets the maxed Hammer at 14, while the pubber gets it at 7. Lvl 14 on Sven is very reachable in anywhere between 17-23 minutes. If a Sven is lvl 7 at that point, something has gone terrible
Isn't Sumaill from Pakistan? Like born there and lived most of his life there?
I'm not really sure tbh, but i've talked with a historian over at /r/debateachristian as he was very knowledgeable, and he said the best translation of Satan is "accuser". He was responsible for testing faith of humans. Which makes sense, even in OT context, in Job he basically tests Job's faith in yahweh. As angels in Job refers to son of God, he stated that in ancient canaanite religions, these were literally sons of El and asherah, YHWH being the son who was given Israel to rule over. So basically, in the Old Testament, Satan is not a fallen angel, but serves in the heavenly court as a prosecutor.
i think the order is Sven&lt;Ursa&lt;Troll. Troll simply doesn't lose in 1v1s. Ursa is a known Sven counter so there is that, but Sven also has AoE and farms much much faster.
he wasn't a manfighter anyway before. His ability in 1v1 was only due to chrono. I actually think he is a better fighter outside of chrono now.
Saying EG is better than Secret using your logic is just as biased. But i mean, can't we agree EU pubstacks are usually better than NA's? Or EU pro teams in general? I mean, outside of EG, no NA team has any achievements really.
Then u have to bring in arguments
They are not. Idk where OP lives, but nowhere in the US or Europe teachers teach that. Most don't even talk about it, since it's a sensitive subject, and might offend some of the kids and potentially lose their job.
How does change anything? He doesn't want to have kids, because to him this world is cruel. How is it any different if he sents his born child or adopted child in this cruel world? Your comment makes no sense.
As long as my kid doesn't come home crying because he was pushed down the stairs, kicked out of the bathroom for being gay, stand by your standards all you want
Have u ever heard of this being taught in US? No. I can ensure 100% no teacher goes about pushing their beliefs about sexual identity on their students. if they get asked, yes, they might give their opinion, but would not present it as 100% truth
yea, cause i'm the retard dodging arguments
Yes beside the OP. I'm pretty sure indocrinating students is illegal, and most teachers will not risk it, of course there are examples.. Also anyway, OP is putting it like "current teaching on gender(in schools)" like it's a known fact, and teachers have to learn the methodology of how to teach gender issues, which is wrong. There is no such thing. If a teacher starts stating "facts" to the class, that doesn't mean he is required to do so.
5k and 7k shit tiers? What do you mean here?
I mean, you were banned 13 times and still came back. Thats at least thousand of hours/money spent in the game, you're definetely addicted.
Ah u meant behaviour score. I was thinking about MMR for some stupid reason. Can u still see the behaviour score? I tried dota_account_game_debug or whatever the command was but nothing happens
No, Echo Slam is not that great against PL. Against old PL yes, because Old PL used to make his illusions attacking creeps and then fight with them. They lasted longer, and were much harder to spawn back, so an echo slam was devastating, pretty much negating PL's damage in a fight. The new PL however spawns illusions way too fast. Even if he catches you with like 6+ illusions, you'll get them back in 3 seconds. Yes, the damage is always good, but it was not the main reason ES used to be a PL counter. Heroes like Ember who have a spammable spell that can pretty much fuck your illusions and yoh due to cleave all the time destroy PL
Really? PL is one of the best late game carries in the right circumstances.
Noo, Sniper destroys Pudge.
To be honest, Valve hasn't stated any information about what TI is supposed to mean. To some, it marks the end of a "season" in competitive dota, so teams that were consistently placing top 4 should be invited and not those who had recent outbursts like Na'Vi. But it is more and more clear that Valve favours teams that did well in the last Valve tournament prior to the current one. Like LGD and Na'Vi got invited to this TI. The same goes about the regions from which teams are invited. Again, Valve doesn't say what the International is supposed to mean. To many, and to me aswell, it should be the most prestigious dota tournament, where the best play the best. But Valve seem to think TI should be, well, an international competition, with balanced number of represantives for each region. For example, SEA gets 3 places this year. Ok, MVP and Fnatic definetely deserve it, but would you say another SEA team(prob Mineski) would deserve it over Alliance, Vega, Empire, VG.R, Wings, Secret to name a few?
No, TI4 was a Round Robin. TI3 has groups of 4
I assume NP, LD and Broodmama
Thats not true. Everyone remembers the last game where W33 was styling with Invoker and since then everybody says he won them the major. Yes he played very good in the finals but had some questionable moments before, when EE was consistent throughout the entire tournament. And then there is Frankfurt, where EE got them to the finals
&gt;failing to quote &gt;teaching someone how to quote Pick one
Vs OG i think it all started with that response of Cr1t on Ask.fm after winning Frankfurt saying that Secret was a patch team and he got a lot of hate for that. Then comes the bad run of that Secret prior to Shanghai and everybody say he was right. Then Secret beat OG in the WB and proceed to win the Major.
Free entrance to where? I really don't know how the format works. Free entrance to the winners bracket, while the next top teams need to play play offs, something similar to TI4?
Would be quite funny if somehow Secret and EG get to the finals in TI
This. Same happened at Shanghai. Secret was shit prior to it, haven't figured the patch at all. Then they just starting to draft Windranger/Invoker for W33, Slark/Ember for Envy etc and they start winning
Ya.. like they carried his ass in Frankfurt and Shanghai... oh wait
It's sad that your 3k brain(maybe i insult 3k players here, i dont know exactly) is that retarded. Timbersaw had no pushing power but more than enough damage to destroy Alliance. They needed someone who can push, and Envy's itemization and playstyle were good. I'm not saying he had a perfect game, but he did his role.
They got rid of the EG Assasin /s TBH i think they would have did the same with Uni. But i guess he really wanted back in EG, which is understandable
Like honestly, this was the most EE play i've seen. But these are the kind of plays that win you games
A lot of people were saying that after Frankfurt yet look
Im pretty sure Sven doesn't win unless super lucky with crits
ok, but we are talking about a game, not how different people view themselves.
idk what these people are talking about. People in ranked cooperate much better than in normal. I mean, its ranked after all
i wouldn't say god unless you pick him last, but yea, idk what he is talking about. CK is certainly better than Naix lategame
I'm pretty sure on mid timber you max Q and E with a value point in W maybe though it depends on matchup. Against a melee, like alch, DK, maybe 2 points in Reactive are enough,. There are not a lot of trees tbh, and anyway, the point of timber mid is to get a fast BS not gank.
nah, its toxic. Arise will be fined for 5000$ /s
Yeah, but every region outside of NA has at least 1 great team, while NA has 2 decent teams
Had Maradona ever won anything outside of a Italian league title? Nah. Not relevant at all. If some of the best teams in the world want him, then be sure he does something important. I mean what, they are paying him for nothing?
Oh really. Then can you please tell me what a coach is supposed to so in a team? Oh yea you have no idea. I don't undedstand how you can call a coach useless if you have no idea what one does. Are the organizations paying them for being "useless"?
You don't have to be a chief to tell how tasty a meal is. Mad might not be the most talented player but certainly has a lot of game knowledge, which, most teams in NA lack. I mean, look at Vultur's draft, that has to be the worst draft in the history of dota.
Way off from what? Do we want to see the best teams in the world at TI or not?
If DC is a EU team then they should fight their way into the EU qualifier not get a free pass in NA againt Vultur and DB
I mean Secret is 4-1 in the qualis i would say they're doing well
:)))) who? Last place manila EG, DC aka 4 EU? CoL&lt;FDL. If they are better then theh should come here and fight their way through it. I am waiting to watch Madara destroying them or Empire and VP having fun This is just fanboyism mate. If you can't see how this last year EU has been better than NA you're just delusional
So you are saying to me that VoidBoys who never won anything, who never participated at a premium international LAN would beat VP, Empire, Vega, Alliance, Secret, Ad Finem. this is really really delusional. Idk in what kind of bubble you live
Or maybe NA players finally mature enough to not switch teams like socks? Nah, better blame Valve
Definetely troll. Stacked open qualifiers rofl. You mean stacked with t5 teams?
Yea cause NA won every major this year. So delusional. Stay like this forever, murican
Secret was just as elite if not more yet look what they've done. Last EG was just as elite on paper, i mean the same team that won TI yet look what they've done
Your commend still doesn't make sense. Why did you imply getting high is done only by smoking weed?
Whoosh
I think dragon lance is core on him, just too good stats at the price + the range. SnY is shit now anyway. Maelstorm feels just as core tbh, it helps you farm. And sniper problem as a hard carry is getting to that 6 slot. Sniper lategame with rapiers, the game is more or less over. I think u should get a mix between stats, AS, and Damage. A "normal" 6 slot on sniper would be boots skadi daedalus mkb mjolnir lifesteal. Blink is godlike on Sniper, so is Force staff, but at your range mmr i don't think people coordinate themselves in fights to go for the sniper so you might get away without it
Yes. If Escape win, they are going to TI
If Secret win and loses then there will be 3 teams on 6-3 right? Do they play eachother once or what?
Incorrect
Yet he won the most stacked competetion. You're so wrong. You're probably one of the guys who believe Void Boys would qualify if they played in EU
So? They playes good. Its not like Era, Yapz0r and such are some DrinkingBoys level or shit
Yea, then i would probably too
Sniper is not that bad
U mean fantastic five
Tiebreakers with Escape and F5 for 1st place
Hey there is still Na'Vi
No. The winner of the tiebreaker between Secret, F5 and Escape are going straight to TI. The other 2 are joining Alliance and Ad Finem into a double elimination bracket
Also heroes like Tb, jugg, riki, sometimes PL who are natural diffusal carriers are in the meta right now. Also SD is making a comeback into the meta so there is that. IMO the hero needs a rework. He's a pubstomper for ages, but too weak for competitive play
no i think only the site is in chinese. He still speaks english
His itemization, not only on the hero, but in general is so on point. He's not afraid of going outside the box, i always loved that at EE. I mean, i've seen nobody going Solar crest on DP or hurricane pike on DK, yet those items were just perfect in those games
what? EE was a genius that game. RTZ didn't play very well that game, at least his spell usage was not that good. He missed pounces and didn't dark pact som obvious stuns.
EE has been playing almost perfectly yesterday
Elder Titan destroys him. And by destroy i mean it's unplayable
Actually most people who go treads go for deso. I think it has to do with the attack speed. U don't really need damage, meld refraction and deso is enough
We don't
As a EU player, i think the bottom of the SEA must be really bad
First one is Illidan and second one is RTZ
Noo, thats old. He's been going treads-drums-armlet-(insert blink when u need it)-2xcrit and rapier if the game is not over yet for at least 2 patches now
Op hero lmao
Eh, your first sentence is a bit confusing. If your enemies have a sentry and a obs in the same area, or if they stand near a sentry they can see you and you will lose Shadow Dance buff. Yes you cannot scout for sentries, but you will know if you get caught by one
? It gives you damage armor attack speed and health. I think this is the problem. You don't know what armlet does. Get into a demo mode, buy armlet, toggle it and see how it affects your hero.
That's in Dota as well but pings are more explicit.
This is why this company will get away with shit like Dyn Q or not having voice-chat or a diverse meta after "13 years of MOBA research" The casual gamer like the guy above will never care as long as Riot is going to give him a new shiny skin. The company is idiotic, but the problems appear when even the community is so. This is what made me switch games 2 years ago. Really wished people would force Riot to actually make a good game. It's painful to see this because i used to love playing this game with my friends
If i were the guy i would be happy Teemo wasn't credited to me
Isn't that still copying? And anyway Weaver is IceFrog era so your comment makes no sense
Only took them 3 years
It's much faster than typing in chat my R is on CD. Sure, would not be a problem if LoL had voice chat
The technology just isn't there yet. Or spamming pings might be toxic
I mean. By this logic LoL shouldn't copy voice chat and replay system? Or sandbox mode? It's 2016
Yea it's toxic
No, Overwatch is here.
Well took them like 3 years and realizing that every single game in the genre including HotS got it
Something this new? New by what standards?
It's in Dota aswell for at least 3 years now
Isn't voice comms more useful than the chat?
Dota=hots?
The point in case was for Weaver ult, which was blatantly coppied or at least heavily inspired from. Most if not all heroes that aren't Icefrog's aren't in the game anymore or heavily reworked because hey, Guinsoo was not that great at balancing .
800 damage nuke is no joke. Your combo alone is not enough to kill most heroes, u get dagon to finish the job
Eh this is a bit of a stretch. Tranquils soul ring used to be core on PL. Now Soul Ring is picked up every game on alch. DKs used to pick up soul ring as well, so used to do LC instead of bottle, especially on safelane
S4, even Loda and Akke played for a bit etc the list goes on
This is not true and never was. People always remember the TI3 final game but most of Alliance's playstyle relies on timed pushes. Almost every draft of them has a timing. The difference maker it's that they have very good late game decision making, which allows them to extend that timing even if the line-up doesn't
Hard to happen though, a team that is what? At least less than 1 yr old beating lategame Alliance which are known for their lategame decisions
Why can't he?
Because Venge was dead. People didn't realize Akke got Agha
He went from Chelsea, his lifetime club to Man City, a direct competitor at the title. He left for New York something one year later though
The problem in this meta is who are you going to aggro with? Lion? He is useless in aggro tris. So is disruptor. Venge is not terrible but not very good either. Earthshaker and Elder Titan are both good in dual lanes but suck without EXP. Phoenix is just as useless as Lion, maybe even more. The only support in the current meta who is actually very good at aggro trilane is Dazzle. Even then, TB is a pretty good jungler
they're going to wildcard
Didn't VG.R actually beat DC at Manila though?
last place Manila and 9-12th SeemsGood NA Dota LUL BrokeBack
don't forget EG
actually VG are eliminated so no ROTK
I mean, his post is ignorant. He admitted he knows nothing about DDC or never watched him play yet he can still say Aui is better. Aui is not a benchmark on how good you are at Visage.
I think he meant Group Stages. If you're not playing at least Group Stage then you aren't at TI. you don't get any money, and Valve doesn't consider you a participant on their site.
Idk what this means. Icefrog added almost all the heroes we currently have. Actually all. Even those who were created by Guinsoo are heavily reworked and don't ressemble the original ones at all. Only the models and/or name.
I'm sure anything is coded as a dummy.
Well he was important, he shut down the site and stole hero ideas(teemo mainly)
Yea but they are not allowed in pro matches for several months and paches until they are balanced. And in pubs, nobody picks them because they are difficult. I mean, Warden has like a 38% winrate. i mean, just saying, don't try to shit on Dota's balance, when at their last major there were played 95 heroes out of 110 while in LoL the meta is 30 heroes at max
But burden of knowledge.
I wouldn't say it's more delicate. Actually it is, but that's because most of the heroes are very different. Yes the draft is important, but there are a lot of ways to play around a draft, there are counter picks, but more importantly, there are items who can counter specific heroes/drafts etc
u said u were close to 5k. And how was it cancerous? At 3k, even 4k i'm pretty sure nobody could play it properly. Yeah, someone with rapier bots who had an idea was frustrating to play against, but it was a rare occasion.
yes but they were still considered participants
Why wouldn't itemize the bear at the time though? What was different?
Ok tell me how not putting a single level in fissure by lvl 8 is good?
It actually happened to me on another account, twice actually
He's good
And why would it need that? A forum is irrelevant to how good a game is. I wonder when will lol get replays or voice chat
well, of course a 3k/silver-gold shithead like you wouldn't use voice-chat. It's not like it's a team-based game /s wow, you need a third-party program to provide you replays, great technology right there Riot
? Lategame Slark deals literally no damage to TB without stacks. Just watch Secret vs Empire, slark was dying in 4-5 hits while he barely touched TB. Sure they won, but that's because they were able to kite the TB and kill his team then focus him down
Why? People pronounce dragon, flagon, wagon etc with a -ah not -ay
It's way too small of a sample though
Yea cause living your life alone is definetely nice. Kids bring something new to a marriage, a house without kids is very quite after those first 2-3-4 years of "honeymoon" period. Also, kids makes us proud.
Rylai is Ragn0r's creation. The only original heroes that are similar to v1.0(+ - 1 spell) are Rilay, Jugg, DK, leshrac, clinkz and omni. Guinsoo tookover somewhere between 3.x and 4.x
