He's running a mix of medium and low settings, and the fact that it already looks better than consoles with these settings (besides shadows) gives me hope for stunning ultra visuals.
Then play DayZ/Arma? Those games are about as hardcore as it gets, but it seems with the term "hardcore" comes broken messes
I beg to differ. The game is already vastly superior now compared to launch. Originally the game wasnt reaching 30fps on a Titan X maxed, now of course, frame rates have pretty much doubled across the board. Also, BS on the 70fps low settings. Im getting around the 50-55 mark on the high preset when running 833p on windowed (but i get to use max render res to make up for running in windowed) and the game looks fantastic. tl;dr, this isnt DayZ. Every other week this game is getting updates and is already miles ahead of how it was at launch. DayZ hasnt improved at all
Thanks, i was pretty happy with the cost around $700, since a friend of mine lent me a spare copy of Windows 7 which I can update to Win10 whenever the need arises. I also got an NXZT340 case (i think thats what its called) and it looks beautiful. For my first PC, the cable management alone is amazing since i can basically shove any unused cables in the space behind the motherboard
I haven't had that issue yet. The more intensive games I own DO go up to the 4 gigs according to MSI Afterburner, but I've yet to encounter problems based off of going above 3.5
Good points. Honestly Im not too worried about the Division since the latest gameplays scream "downgrade" (though I have heard the PC version looks miles ahead of console) As for FFXV, which is currently my most hyped this year, I dont really know how that'll turn out. Yeah the engine has problems, but PS4 can run 25-30fps and just look at how insane that game looks. From my experience, a 970 is about 3x as powerful as the graphics in a PS4. (Going off GTAV at 80-90 fps on high-ultra, and Shadow of Mordor easy 80+ maxed)
Funny enough, I have this exact kit of RAM, though the specs may be different. 8 gigs, DDR4, 2600mhz But how'd you change the color? Mine's blue
Funny enough, I had a dream that my shorted out PS2 started working again, so I plugged it in and it ACTUALLY worked. Spent the next month binging Kingdom Hearts and Battlefront 2
The entirety of the name "Tom Clancy" is realistic, gritty, possible scenarios, which was why Tom Clancy was such a famous writer.
I love when games do 1:1 scale locations like this! AKAIK this game is a pretty flawless 1:1 scale of Manhattan, and I love how massive all the buildings are and how to scale every corner is.
Well the fact that GTX 970 is recommended is great, that means I can max this game with ease :)
If anything, you'd be CPU bound. Getting an AMD CPU is a major slap to the face with the insane advantages of Intel CPUs in most games. According to a few rumors here and there, a 970 is the recommended GPU, but you're CPU isnt even meeting min req (which is an i5 @3.1ghz)
Usually when a dev says something along the lines of "not at launch" its just a PR way of saying "nope"
Use the Amazon trick to get a free key. 1. Preorder a copy of the Division for any platform you want (this does not force the beta code on the plat you chose, so you could preorder PC and redeem beta for PS4) 2. Check your email, you'll get your Division beta key there 3. Redeem beta key through the Division beta site 4. Once redeemed and linked to your account, cancel the Amazon preorder So there you go. Amazon doesnt charge for preorders until the game releases, which is why this works
Wait, Uverse is what fucked everything up?! I always wondered why port forwarding was so broken, and its because of AT&amp;T?
He wanted to see what heaven looked like
I remember hearing something about a "something" launched to the moon's orbit that COMPLETELY missed because some idiot used yards instead of Meters. I honestly don't know how someone could fuck up that bad. If you're a scientist, you use metric, simple as that
Tomb Raider, Hitman, Ashes of Singularity, and all the MS store exclusive games like Forza, GoW, and Quantum Break. Needless to say, many more are following
I didn't say I was cheering on DX12. I have a 970, which I was promised had DX12 support, but since there's no async compute (god dammit Nvidia) I have little to no benefit
PS4 has internal
Love my S340. Used it in my first custom rig (the one I'm using now actually) I absolutely love the thing
Only once have I seen a gaming employee who cares about PC gaming. I was buying a Steam card to get the Witcher 3, and the woman there was like "Have you considered the Fallout Nuke bundle?" (Mini nuke with all the Fallout games inside of it) She was insanely enthusiastic about it, and said she got one herself because she loves Fallout. And considering the bundle had only PC versions of the games, I'm pretty sure she was PCMR
Didn't know I was a peasant for not using a TV for my PC gaming. Maybe I'm interpreting wrong, but this gives the impression that PC gamers at a desk are considered "peasants"
Got my 970 for $300 at Best Buy (normally $380). They price matched Microcenter, but the reason I didn't go there to begin with is because where I live down in the Sunshine state, there are no Microcenters for at least 20 miles out
Probably my biggest one, Counter Strike GO. It's the game that made me lose my "shaky hand" in FPS games (when I saw an enemy I'd have a mini panic attack and pray completely off target)
Division or Far Cry 3 please :) I would just say the Division, but I'm sure that has some demand on this post
DOOM or Far Cry 4 please :D
Canceled Blizzard game
Because of their damn purchase options, I bought Origins without intending too. You'd think for the sake of customers they'd put the cheapest offer first
Strange. I've gotten 6 legendaries out of my 16 boxes ive opened I guess RNG is a bitch
No
That's a special case IMO. The whole point of the Retina displays is to have the resolution just right, so that the average distance you'll be viewing the display from, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the individual pixels, which I can totally do on my 1600x900 22" monitor compared to my 1136x640 4" iPhone. Honestly I think the whole idea of Retina displays is great. Why go for more when you won't notice it? It's just wasted performance, especially on a mobile device where battery comes into play.
Technically, the 3DS has a 3D display without requiring glasses, and in some games can look quite good, others, not so much. A lot of developers use the 3D differently too, I remember playing a lego Star Wars game on 3DS, and the 3D made it look as if the screen was the front face of a box, and you were looking down at the game happening inside of said box
Must be the locked 30fps with dips to the low 20s. And dont get me started on motion blur
Same, but i have 3.8
Can confirm, while better, it still sucks. Where I am, I have 35 down 5 up, and have no data cap (AT&amp;T) and I just barely convinced my parents to not get Comcast (75down 10up) which had a cap "But its faster" they said "But its a trap" Ackbar said
At first, I really liked uTorrent, until I discovered Deluge. Love at first sight
I really wish I had waited a few months more before making my first custom build, but I couldn't help myself. For only $70 more overall I could have got Titan X performance instead of a 970
Is that Rainmeter I see? If so, what's the clock called
Can confirm. On the last day of school a senior drew it on the board and under it said "when X happens"
But Hardline is so "meh"
He's practically getting a Titan X for $400~, I'd say that's worth
The online mode is currently in closed beta IIRC. That said, you could pick up the not-so official multiplayer version to test the waters for when online does release.
How can you dislike a community full of dank memes and calling out companies on their BS/sucking the dicks of others? Sounds pretty gr8 to me /s
I remember a few months back when me and a few friends re-installed Halo PC on our gaming rigs. The sad part is, one of our friends PCs didn't have the popup for unsupported hardware... FeelsBadMan
Right? I thought I was the only one who was bothered by the fact the story was recycled
That god damn OP. ITS SO GOOD
Idk man, Chaika is cute and has god-tier eyebrows, this chick looks like she's gonna kill a certain MC soon
Well the "New" 3DS has 3D that doesnt really require you to be at the proper looking angle. That said, I haven't tried it myself
What did I do wrong? I said that looking at my phone screen looks better than my monitor, and for more reasons than just the PPI, though that is a big reason itself
Can confirm. Bought Wii U and don't regret it
I'm sure there were a few people who only came for the codes (its a giveaway, so its expected lol) but I wish you best of luck with your game, and congrats for getting on Steam!
I wouldnt say "would have been fine" but rather that people are used to that, and that this is a different case entirely
Looking for a game to push the limits on my rig, this might be the one :)
The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess for the Gamecube. If that counts as the last few years :)
Remember when the advertised Snowdrop as this revolutionary graphics type deal? The game at launch looked "okay" and even pretty solid with certain weather, but in general the game looked bland.
Ik I'll get downvotes for this, but I honestly don't care. As long as it has decent content at launch I'll buy it, and not having the French doesnt change my mind, because the game looks awesome regardless
So just, DO IT
They aren't throwing shots at Nvidia, if that's what you mean
Why? Wouldn't the ads "enhance" your experience? /s
Is running over 500fps or so a bad thing? I have a 2D rhythm game that me and a couple friends play, and I get over 3000fps on my 970 Should I put a frame cap? Or is this "GPU working too hard" thing not an issue? QUICK EDIT: I also get 1000+ in Halo 1
Never done this before, but sounds incredibly interesting! Due to certain circumstances, I can't exactly buy games unless its once every few months, which means my Steam library is relatively small. In the span of say, a week, how much money could be made from this? I'd love to try buying smaller games like Shellshock Live and Golf with Friends with this (Using a GTX 970)
Thanks for the info, but something I noticed is the bat file instantly crashes on opening, any idea on how I could fix that? This is what's in my file: -U -F http://etherocean.com:8888/0x94121B6404D095D1FA24454318FDEB143740260A/0
Sheesh, talk about selfish
I run a 6500 with my 970, and it works perfectly fine, I've yet to get a single CPU bottleneck in any game, even if I went on the lowest settings at the lowest possible res just so see if I could hit the bottleneck Which is awesome, coming from a 1.8ghz quad core Phenom to an i3-3220 and now the 6500 :)
Specs? I'm using Alien Blue so I can't see your flair if you have one
200, warframe boost please, thanks for the giveaway OP!
There's multiple reasons, but yeah it's better just to make you own acc and buy only what you want
Not to be that guy, but I have my 970 already hitting 1.5ghz OC'ed. Anything over in unstable, but is 1.5 all that great when you consider the 1080 is getting 2ghz
14? Nice, I got paid a solid amount for making a website for a small local business, it was definitely a good learning experience and the clients were extremely surprised with how well it turned out, since I'm only 15
Well, you could always become Aiden Pierce and press Q to hack them
Right? All I could think of was that even after all they've been through, they still consider themselves acquaintances or something? Like c'mon dude, they all helped each other in some way or another but nooo
I mean, let's be honest tho, if us redditors were in this whole situation, we wouldn't give a fuck about class with all that happened
Kiznaiver?
Well, now no instant crash but I get this message in CMD then windows says "ethminer.exe has stopped working" "CUDA error in func 'ethash_cuda_miner::getNumDevices' at line 112 : initializati | (cuts off here and goes to a new line) on error."
Yeah I was talking about Osu!, but I'll probably set to max 240 to find a spot between gameplay and GPU workload
Ah, I see, thanks for the heads up
To be fair, I already think Marcus will be a way better protagonist than Aiden. Call me crazy, but I like where Watch Dogs 2 is going compared to the original, and as long as it isn't completely broken at launch, I might pick it up
Prolly cuz all those damn HFR soap operas!
Good automod
Right now I'm using a genetic 900p 60hz HP monitor with my rig, but for my next upgrade I want a 144hz GSYNC 1440p monitor, my eyes will melt from the gloriousness
LUL think your cool m8? It's clear my integrated Radeon HD 3200 is the Titan X killer of 2016
Skylake is worth it if you're getting an i3, as the 6100 is a beast for a dual-core CPU, and is probably one of the best budget CPUs on offer. Also, RAM is pretty cheap, you can get 16gb for around $40 last I saw
Warframe please, thanks!
Thanks for the info lol, Ill keep that in mind
Good example. I got GTAV there for Social Club because the Steam key was $10 more. Definitely worth it since at the time, on Steam itself the game was $60
Uninstall drivers and get the latest ones, might do the trick. Or if this started happening after a driver update, revert. Somewhat relevant source: my friend was running DOOM 2016 at 2fps at the lowest settings, after uninstalling and replacing with the latest drivers, he hits 30 on medium settings with his craptop
Well OP, aren't you clever *thinks to self* dammit I've been fooled again!
Wait what's so important about his reveal? If it's not all that essential, could you fill me in?
If only it was as easy as that IRL ;-;
A small graphics update for Half Life 2. AFAIK, it was originally a mod, and Valve then implemented it into the Steam version of the game. It's no Crysis, but it certainly highlights how well the game's artstyle keeps up even after 12 years
"Please insert disc to start" "Well shit..."
To be fair, that's after they fixed it
Can confirm, my friend has one. Works like a charm, supports 4k, though it's very gaming oriented
Where'd you get the lights? I have the same case except black and blue and was hoping to get some lighting in there
Yes, devs are supposed to fix games, but c'mon man, you can't seriously just "forget" that every single game they've launched in the past few years has been utterly broken on launch.
I played it for around 2, but then I got quite bored of it, and I dislike 70% of the people I meet on servers because how theyre either: A. An asshole B. A kid who gets all "you shouldnt say that" because someone swore in the chat Also, i feel like the game's gone downhill since 1.5
Now that... It's just glorious
At the end of the day, Ark is a fun as fuck (though grindy) game. I just want 60fps on my 970 :(
Not entirely true. But yeah, at the time I bought Skyrim, it was $7 for the base game, and around $20 for legendary, and I figured I didnt need the DLC Now I'm fucked. I dont really care about the new vanilla visuals, I just want 64bit and DX11 EDIT: when you get downvoted for no reason. Am I a peasant for not owning the DLC or something lol
It is, in context
Yeah that's what I'm gonna do most likely, if another game doesn't tempt me too much lol. I have a pretty big limit on when I can spend money/what I can buy due to parents being parents. I have a pretty large interest in the new DOOM after playing the demo that was recently released. Gorgeous game, great performance on my 970, and I really want to play the rest of the campaign. Chances are, if that goes on sale I probably wont pick up the DLCs
Because you dont see a single AA powering a 6700k. Also, a thousand fucking cores. Last time I checked, that's a lot
Most of us are used to needing a power supply, but the fact that a single battery can run a 1000 core processor is baffling to think about. It's not that it's difficult to understand, but rather its crazy to think about
If what I heard from others is correct, isnt this hovering around 970/390 performance, if so, it can max games at 1080p but it wont always be 60fps+
Just wait for partner cards. While the 480 has amazing price/perf, it wont offer nearly as big of a perf jump as the 1070
We need a sequel
Its only been playable recently with the .60 patch. That said, i still go below 60fps under max settings half the time
I used MS support to get a new key for my copy of Win10 that deactivated on it's own after I did a complete overhaul of my PC. Now I have the "activate windows" that makes me look like an pirate lol. They never gave me the key :( the guy insisted that it was a small issue that could be fixed, I even gave him remote access, he found my original key, but it didn't do shit. "Contact me later if you continue to have issues" DUDE, YOU DIDNT FIX THE ISSUE
If it wasnt on the Windows Store, then that might be possible
Is it as god-tier as they say it is? I hear all this praise about gsync and now it's already in my "to-buy" list 1440p, 144hz gsync here I come!
I've found a set of graphics options to help me hover around 45-55fps at 900p (max res scale) on my 970 (still looks good, but nothing like all epic), so I don't have it ALL bad. That said, I can't wait 'till it's optimized. I think it's a really cool system how they have "official mods" where mod creators can get their stuff in the vanilla game. And it means more content for the consumer!
As r/PCMR would say "may your frame rates be high and your temps low"
Can confirm, my first Nvidia product (970) is from EVGA, don't regret it
When you realize you paid $350 for a 970 6 months ago... I cri
Isn't the 390 a decent jump over the 290x? Haven't checked myself but I always assumed it
You dare question the logic of Dying Light?!
I'm aware of this. I said it sucks, but I'm not being a bitch about it
You give a good point. Before I had a Radeon HD 7850, so it was a nice jump
Then why would OP center his post around the whole Oculus deal? Wouldn't this post be completely invalid then?
Well it's also nice for you guys to show some love on Reddit! I wish you the best of luck in your project
That's just stupid. In my scenario, I completely agree that Android is the better option for more tech-savvy people (while iPhones are good for people who want their stuff to "just work"), though I use an iPhone I mainly use it only because I can jailbreak it, which not only gives me more accessibility features, but also lets me customize more than a traditional "vanilla" iPhone would allow. It can also be a solid conversation starter :)
I saw another post where a guy got a deal on a 980ti for $350, don't know if the deal he got was still available though. I'm sure there's quite a few "used" options to get a 980ti which has about the same perf as a 1070, just 6gigs o' ram instead of 8
Every single one of the 50 mods on my game (with 40 having actual added content) works flawlessly with the base game. I've seen "legendary" versions of some mods that add a few extra features but that's it
Might as well call it "Day" at that point
I'm aware of rooting, but I wouldn't call it really an equivalent. It gives you more access to you're device yes, but Jailbreaking is basically just removing the restrictions Apple puts in place and adds an appstore for itself (Cydia) whereas with rooting is a more "complex" system if that makes sense. Rooting is like taking Jailbreaking to the next step
Well it leads to less impulsive buying (ex. Oh shit this game is even less for the next few hours and I don't want to miss this deal) and it allows for consistent sale prices (ex. well shit I was at work while this flash sale was happening so I'm fucked)
I have never had a single issue on any stock iPod/iPhone that I've used (2 iPhones, 2 iPod Touches, 1 family iPad) Now when I jailbreak and add a bunch of tweaks on the older devices like my iPod Touch 4th gen, it'll slow it down and drain battery more, but on my iPhone 5C it was fast enough to bypass those issues. So yeah, I'm sure it was specific to your phone, which can really change your outlook on Apple devices
Your last claim doesn't mean much since 99.9% of my Steam purchases start with a gift card
He may have been paid to be there, but that doesn't mean he's supposed to say "building a gaming PC now"
Bethesda announced they'd have a demo at E3. And good on them, because after playing the demo I need my demon killing fix
Hold up, I don't quite understand, are you saying that 60usd = 110aud, but they just charge you 110usd? Please tell me I'm wrong
I've only encountered a single cheater in counter strike, and it was a deathwatch server, never encountered in comp
Still can't believe that Lirik (popular Twitch streamer) backed up the devs by getting his own promo code to get a 5% discount for the game. People have informed him about the fact the game is by the WarZ devs, but he just says "those games games were released years ago, does anyone even care anymore?" And he's slowly convincing his fans to buy it. It's a shame, I really love the guy, one of the more unique streamers but I call bullshit when it's due
No, because the actual YouTuber is in the comments
Can confirm, cleared 140 gigs when I deleted Gmod
Because you fall under the assumption that everyone and their mother deals with cheaters, which is incorrect. Me and plenty of others I've spoken to in comp matches have either rarely played with cheaters or just never have.
Same here. My logic was "might as well buy all the DLC for &lt;$15 so I could get the remaster but fuck this
I don't know man, when I was his age I was playing Doom on computers that had floppy disc slots... Oh wait, I'm 16
If you mean it sucks, then yeah, you're right Last time I tried SotC (a few months ago) the game ran at awful frame rates and had tons of slowdowns and audio stuttering which made the experience unbearable
It's really cool to see how even though this feature is useless for people like me, that others can fall in love with it. Have fun dude!
I did the same, though I had performance issues since I was on my old PC (i3-3220, HD 7850 1gb) and now that I'm on my new rig, I cant for the life of me find where to get the ISO for the game :(
Should be fixed now
If I were to guess, it's a CPU bottleneck. Max settings at 1080p I run Squad at 53~ fps GTX 970, I5-6500, 8gigs o' DDR4
I don't have the ISO anymore (old PC) but I'll see if I can set it up for you. It revolved around the mouse being aiming, your standard mouse point and click, WASD to move, shift was ball mode, space jump, and holding Q would bring up the sub menu for visors, among other things. It also compensated for the many motion prompts, where the number pad keys would turn the remote, and another button would push in. It worked pretty damn while, I'll PM you with the setup when I get around to it
I would do that, but I let a friend borrow the game years ago and he never returned it :l also I have no disc drive
Call me crazy, but I see not a single thing about Mac OS that makes it better than windows. You have less control, no EXEs, no directX, reliance on an app store, etc. If you mean it looks pretty, then that can be done on Windows too
The fact that that's a thing alone is glorious. Shotgun one of 'em post apocalyptic monsters, get blood all over your screen, then just swipe it off like a badass
What
Please play the shit out of Zelda. You know you want to... *hands over username and passes into the shadows*
The Zelda games are solid too, same with the Metroid Prime series
I personally hate people who don't use voice in matchmaking. I can understand certain scenarios, but you've gotta be fuckin kidding me when 3 people on your team don't talk but one other guy is a killjoy saying "why the FUCK did you guys not follow me" when we agreed on cat and he went tuns
I'm with you there dude. Money is tight, and I REALLY don't want to get a new game only every few months, so G2A makes it more manageable. Like, I know all the shit stuff they do but I can't help it :(
On the bright side, you didn't pay $60 on a horribly broken game
Catgirls... What more can a man want in life /s
Try running Black Ops 3, I doubt it'll work
I've been interested in both, but after playing the DOOM demo I'm hooked
Half Life 2 is only $2, and supports co-op if you use the Synergy mod. Did it with a friend and now we're "patiently" waiting for a certain 3 to release...
Did that guy seriously have 1k+ hours?
Sold my Wii the instant I got a Wii U :/ That's also how I got Trilogy, (virtual console) since the disc was hard to find at a reasonable price
I meant no disrespect lol, each to their own!
Sure. I'll download the ISO later today so I can make sure everything works
Isn't Mario Kart 8 60fps splitscreen? That's what I hear at least
*shaved ice expert
Perfect for counter strike! /s
Just checked, definitely seems like 60 with 2 players
I don't think OP was suggesting that. Rather, seeing the name of a console as the first thing on a trailer in the Steam store is just weird
Am I the only one who gets input lag on an Xbox One controller? On my KB/M it works flawlessly, but my controller has input lag only on Dolphin with makes it extremely difficult to chain combos or even attack properly in Project M
They're also good at triggering me "Don't worry Nico! You'll find true love someday!"
Same. Personally I was pretty conflicted over whether Noriko or Chidori was the right one for my boy Kacchon, but I'm okay with how it turned out. That said, Chidori must remain the rival to Noriko! EDIT: it also felt like Chidori was choosing Tenga only because she gave up on Mr. MC
Her face is so.. "anime" I don't know how else to describe it :l that said, it makes for good cosplay
Wow, some mods can actually be pretty chill!
Plugged in using a micro USB to USB. I've gotten to the point where playing with a keyboard is more effective than a controller
Right? People say "wait for the benchmarks" but still hype themselves up for a card that they don't know much about. Did people expect 980ti performance for $200?
Whether it looks good or not, it isn't practical. It's much better to buy one more expensive cards than two cheap ones to get around the same range of performance
First, isn't there only one Zeppelin at a time? Also, those SMGs existed during the time Other than little emphasis on trench warfare, I'd say it's pretty much WW1
Same here. Fairy Tail is actually what got me into anime, not including the dub of Naruto back on Cartoon Network. At first, I was like, this is the greatest thing to ever arrive in my life, then I realized, it's good but not as "god-tier" as what I originally thought it was Still get nostalgia tho
Looks stunning! But why is she crying?
Oh no, god forbid someone had a typo
Don't worry, one day, you'll be the one on the front page posting about PCMR generosity
The Culling is definitely a TON of fun. It's interpretation of the whole Battle Royale genre is really something you don't see in other games. Unlike in H1Z1 or Arma 3, you're a contestant of an internet game show that is put into an arena with 15 other players. Everywhere you go you hear the announcer commentating on different events, and he has a very "internet" sense of humor, which makes the experience a tad more light hearted than say, H1Z1's "camp, hide and win" It also is focused on melee combat. There's guns and bows but at the end of the day, 90% of your fighting is with melee weapons QUICK EDIT: I fuckin' love this game. For $12 I already have 50 hours in it
Why are there stupid nicknames like this in PCMR? Shouldn't that be reserved for peasants? (Ex. Sony Pony/Xbot)
You're really stupid if you think a $200 card will beat a high end $400+ card
The S is exactly the same as the One, performance wise. PS4 will be better. That said, PC will be best if you want true high end performance/visuals
OP might be the type that believes: 2 GPUs &gt; 1 GPU EDIT: is this not the same subreddit that in most cases, discourages multi-GPU?
You'll still be over 60fps in 90% of the maps tho, so you'll be fine
Replaying Twilight Princess in glorious 4k over here :D
In a few cases. Rarely do games have good multi-gpu support, with many not having it at all. It makes sense to get 1 $400-$500 card instead of 2 $200-$250 cards
Now hold up compadre, you can mount a GPU like that?
Congrats on the 480 launch! My friend is entering into PC gaming, and I'll be sure this is the card he gets since it's so damn budget friendly!
Is it just me, or does that not even make sense
No classes, no vehicle spawns, extremely repetitive gameplay, 5 maps, consumables, hidden "power ups", etc etc
Is Uplay even that bad? Sure it's not amazing or versatile like Steam, but I've yet to have any issues with it
You COULD play it with an Xbox controller, but it'd be pretty clunky. No matter what you do you've have side effects from the translated motion to analogue controls. Also, unfortunately I had issues with the mouse while setting it up to replicate the Wiimote's pointing. The mouse would have an incredibly odd sensitivity and could go off screen on one side whereas on the opposite side it wouldnt reach the edge. Because of these, I basically gave up on the full control scheme. That said, I'll hook you up with the "WIP" controls if you really want them, it works decently other than the broken mouse input, but you may have better luck than me
A friend of mine had that issue.... That said, he's never played counter strike
Well I hated bloom and Spartan abilities in the game. At least say, Halo 5 put these abilities for everyone widening the skill gap. Too bad it's competitive nature was held back by not putting the full thing on PC Halo 3 was my favorite of the OG Halos, with Halo 2 a close second
I liked ODST, felt very fresh and I picked it up for cheap, so it's not because no MC
#story was alright Is this a joke? The story was god awful
That's great and all, doesn't change the fact that they screwed over everyone with lies
Maybe it changes in real time
Yeah, Florida with AT&amp;T and I get unlimited 100 down 100 up, pretty satisfied considering I only had 25 down and 5 up a few weeks ago
Pretty sure it's the mega textures or whatever they call it, along with uncompressed audio. With DOOM's engine large rooms use a single huge texture that covers much of the level. This means you can't really use the same texture over again which would save space.
But you still were screwed over. Just because you were content with the final product doesn't mean it's what it was supposed to be. All that false advertising and bs dodging questions and claiming you can find other players and all this shit, even if you didn't see all that, doesn't mean no one else did. Saying the majority didn't feel screwed over is tunnelvisioning. You're choosing to ignore all of it, when it should be brought to everyone's attention Hello Games lied, falsely advertised, and took everyone's cash and essentially left. Remember all those months they didn't say a thing even on their social media? They were trying to let it die down, trying to make people forget about all of their shit, casually counting their $ while everyone was pissed off about what they did
Maybe he means companies give new features to bring people to their products, and he wants to claim it to be a way of holding consumers hostage
Absolutely true. With a GTX 970. I can't handle medium settings at a consistent 60 without using the automatic render resolution
Please, RGB like that pales in comparison to my. Corsair Strafe. We need RGB monitors too! /s
Is it just me or is this game awful on i5's? Me and a friend of mine run i5 CPUs (6500 and 4690k respectively) and we both get annoyingly low fps regardless of settings and our CPU usage is always at 100% with GPU at around 60-70 which brings it to CPU bottleneck 35-40 fps on most maps *shudders*
Born too late to explore the earth, Born too late to explore the universe, Born just in time to see a black dude make a parody of the Nichijou opening
The beta ran great for me too. I would consistently get 90-100 fps. But on release with the same settings even on the same map I get less than half of that framerate
Anyone who watches anime can tell you there are so many different genres that putting it under one "anime is aids" assumption is tunnelvisioning. What exactly do you think is aids about anime? That it's 2d? So American cartoons are aids too. If it's that you don't like all the power up/yelling/friendship shit, then watch a different show. Not every anime is DBZ, Naruto, or Pokemon, but it's because they're so popular that many people believe that they're all fighting shows with OP characters with dumb plots
Truly is a struggle :(
8350 already does that, still isn't a great CPU
Real world gaming performance is much more important
And your knowledge is wrong, you're going on and on praising something that isn't good about AMDs current CPUs. The reason people want Zen to be successful is so we can move past these CPUs that are so inconsistent for gaming
Would love a blue version for a friend with a blue themed build
I'm aware, I was just pointing out that everything he wanted was already in the current chips. He didn't mention single core perf which is much more important for the vast majority of games
If it can outperform a typical i5 with a competitive price, I'm all for going AMD, but at the moment i5 is king for sub 1k builds
You don't even have to be in that group. You can just go and download it for free from them right now using the accessibility loophole
It's dependant on the card
You don't need the key for Windows 10 is what I mean, its a normal upgrade just like the free period a while back
The whole HL3 thing is a meme. Anyone who actually cares about the series knows it's not flawless. All HL3 needs to be is a damn solid game that ends the story of the series. It doesn't have to be revolutionary, take everything good at the previous games and make them better and actual fans of the franchise will be more than satisfied
VR is too small of a market. If they want max revenue they need to release on both. However, I do think building it around VR to give the best experience would be awesome, and it would push me to get a vive
We shouldn't force the game to be worse overall just so there's less of a chance to suck. That's a really dumb mentality. It's Valve we're talking about here, one of the biggest gaming companies on the planet if not the biggest. They know to put heart and soul into their next big title for the sake of keeping their rep
No but they're part of the experience. I personally enjoy Minecraft every now and then but after installing the shaders mod I can't go back. Same game, but the atmosphere is absolutely stunning with the mod
That's clearly not the purpose of this. If someone wanted a long term 1080 they can buy one. This is for someone who only wants to play for a short burst and isn't fully dedicated to PC gaming
I too like to live life on the edge
No one seems to realize nothing is as bad as onlive. Ive used Geforce Now and it's excellent. No framedrops, visual quality was great, no issues with control latency whatsoever. I've also used gamestream on my PC and Nvidia Shield and had a grand total of 7 ms of latency, making most games 100% playable
Yeah I won't lie, it's stupid intensive. But having played DayZ SA a ton before it got optimized I can handle only being in the upper 30s
It was all part of his master plan
No need to feel dirty, youre a consumer. AMD didn't offer what you wanted, so you went with Nvidia. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that
Yep, it was due to code possibly mistaking "Windows 9" with Windows 95
It's a monopoly because AMD hasnt been keeping up. Feeling bad or buying their card doesn't magically start competition, its up to AMD to make good cards and chips that actually are viable options and release them on time Don't get me wrong, id love to have to research which product is better for my money, but as of this moment that isn't really an option
At what point was Blu-ray obsolete??? It's the absolute best way to view content at home quality wise
If I'm gonna be 100% honest, I couldn't love my rig more. This 970 has never let me down, neither has my 6500. Sure the company has problems, but I don't refuse a product because of the big name behind it. If it's the best option at the time of purchase, I feel no guilt from pulling the trigger However, until AMD offers a card/CPU much better than what I have for a solid price, I have no reason to buy from them
So convenience? The quality is still vastly superior on Blu-ray from my years of watching movies through optical. I could never settle for streaming with how stunning movies look on our 4k HDR 60" display. Hell, even standard 1080p Blu-rays look jaw dropping due to bandwidth and color reproduction
Which means incredibly large movie files and *added* inconvenience, at that point why bother This is also only truly viable with home theater PCs, as watching a film on a monitor at will completely dimishes the quality of the format for the most part
It was on sale days ago though :(
The other asked "what are their names" and got the answer "I don't know yet" and he responded "how do you not know the names of your kids?"
A mouse requires much faster response time than a controller to feel smooth
Probably not great, 760 is getting pretty old
#24 gigs of ram ಠ_ಠ
470 and 480 are the better options atm, after relive they seem to perform better than their Nvidia counterparts
Mods would take down a post promoting piracy, I'm sure this is talking about subs vs free multiplayer on PC
Not saying youre wrong, but I've seen plenty of exceptions in order to nab a sale
It was mostly the sheer amount considering his other specs, but yeah the number is whack too
There's nothing wrong with that logic, I've had comments deleted because a mod interpreted it as promoting piracy
#roughly
You don't need a Titan for that though
Yes that's what I'm getting at. The whole peasant thing describes ignorance. Nobody fuckin cares if someone can't afford it or simply doesn't want a PC because they're fine with their current platform, those people aren't the ones considered peasants
It actually runs pretty well. In Star Marine I get 40-70 fps max settings on a 970. Considering that's without the big optimizations coming it's solid
3 of those are Valve games *coincidence? I think not*
Pretty sure valve still has rights to the IP
#especially with Valve's extremely shitty consumer practices I took this as him disliking most of what Valve does
Then have them go through an approval system, where you earn 1 uploadable spray after you hit level 150 or something to keep demand relatively low Just spit balling ideas here
Jeff wants to make the game better for the community. This system isn't helping anyone
Damn
Wait why? And is this disabled by default? I want to pick up an SSD at some point and feel like my dumb ass will defrag it after a while of using it
Again, it's a joke. Don't overanalyze it. It's just like that creepy picture of a bunch of PCMR dudes laughing. It's just an exaggerated joke showing people who laugh at consoles
What
I completely agree. I never said valve was flawless
No it doesn't. It explains there's a reason for piracy and it can be more than just preventing profit from a dev for the average consumer (like giving them an idea whether it's something they want to spend money on, see if they can run it, etc), however, the mods don't like when you direct someone to a place that revolves around piracy or tell someone to just flat out pirate a piece of software or game
Arma 3 is insanely CPU bottlenecked. With a 970 on medium settings I get 18 fps at some points
Almost anything will do. Mega, Mediafire, and Google Drive being the best options imo
Wow that looks kinda... Off-putting? Something about it looks super creepy to me
Now I remember. Gotta love in-game ads Granted, cup noodles were actually useful gameplay wise. Didn't need ingredients, just buy it
High CPU usage isn't bad. It's the CPU being used to the point that I might as well not have spent $300 on a 970. And that's besides the point. As I said, my friend with an i3-6100 and an HD7870 gets better performance than me on the same settings at 1080p. Also, the beta ran flawless for me. 90-110 fps ultra, now I get 40 with stuttering
So is this fully playable? And at a locked 60 or is performance a "here and there" thing? Im super interested in Wii U emulation but want to wait until it's consistent in performance without too many bugs
Updoot for K-On
Definitely wasn't. I've used multiple drivers and my friend with a 4690k OC'ed (don't know how much) has the same performance issues (Dude has a CPU bottleneck even tho his GPU is a 7850)
E: accidently killed a pixel :(
I see your point, but with how easy and quick it is why not do it anyways? It's like calibrating a monitor that you've had for years to get a nicer picture out of it. Quick and you'll benefit in the long run
Yep, using the "graphics packs" as they call them
I would pay $60 for arena matchmaking on PC
Well he isn't settling for a low power portable
Imo, Apple was a very viable option until Jobs passed
I SAID "*B I G - M E A T Y - C L A W S*"
I see. Well I'll just leave it on my To Watch list and get to it eventually. Gotta see what the fuss is about y'know?
That's more about the community likes more than the medium itself Like r/pcmasterrace. Probably my favorite subreddit. However the front page has a few "peasant" jokes sometimes. Like showing someone failing to aim in a shooter using a controller. It's mostly light hearted humor, but someone new to PC may be put off by that. It's really about educating yourself. If you are interested in a medium that you've just been introduced in, do some research. There are plenty of legit places that will get you started with what you want And honestly, Reddit is a bad place to look for advice when it comes to, in this case, anime unless you're familiar with anime beforehand / are used to Reddit shenanigans / you realize that a community doesn't represent the medium entirely
True immersion
I agree. You want old lady voice acting done right? Look at the intro to Dark Souls 3 (the only DS I played, don't know if she did the other intros
Don't know if they do it yearly, but the time they're top bath scenes post got big, it went to r/all. This made a big commotion because people were like "wtf is this shit". Then the mods on r/anime removed them from r/all to prevent such a fiasco from happening again
Considering Zelda was talking (and crying) in an actual cutscene, I'm pretty sure voice acting is in. It'd be stupid not to seeing how well it's been implemented in a Zelda game with the trailers
The only thing that upsets me about the switch reveal is they announced a subscription for online What the fuck
It helps that I don't care about the genre as long as it's a good show. I've never been really put off by a genre itself
Is this a fucking joke? Time to buy a used Wii U again for Zelda and stick to my PC. Screw paying a subscription to use the internet I already pay for
I completely agree. I play Nintendo for their first parties, but it looks like I might pick up a few others. I have my PC for all the gaming I want besides that, so why the actual fuck would I want to pay a sub and get "bonus" games I'll never play. It's false value for many people. How many people are still playing the monthly games given on PS4 and Xbone other than Rocket League (a game I already paid for on my PC so I wouldn't want it again)
Don't do this, go for the original, not special edition. The original is easier to run, way more mods, more complex mods, and a single ENB makes the visuals much better than special edition
That's Skyrim's shitty engine for ya.
The switch isn't much stronger than the Wii U
There's still tons of mods missing. It might be better 2 years from now when most of the stuff is ported, but the OG Skyrim modding community is thriving
SKSE is already out in beta form. Mods can be made right now and they are being made, but since there's a much smaller amount of consistent players (more players on OG Skyrim compared to Special Edition as of this exact moment, check the community hub) there's less mods being development. Not to mention a higher user base in general, as Special Edition is more expensive, and was only given out for free for those with all the dlc. An example being me and a friend both bought base game for $7 on a Steam sale but weren't dedicated enough to buy the DLC, but I still like to jump in and mod every now and then Also, I didn't downvote you. Someone else did and it appears that you balanced out anyways. Don't jump to conclusions man
Kingdom of JPEG
People buy Nintendo for Nintendo. If you think Nintendo is designed to compete with MS and Sony you're truly dumb
Halo 2 is exactly the same, and runs at 1080p60. You must be thinking about Halo 2 Anniversary which runs on a different engine
I started out with Nintendo, but now I'm primary a PC guy. I continue using the name because Zelda got me into gaming In other words, I don't care that you don't like the Switch, I'm pointing out that according to your comments on this thread, people dislike you for a reason
Shhh, you'll break the circle jerk /s
Maxwell. And the 720p screen saves battery and performance while having a higher PPI then a 1080p television
The Switch isnt that much more powerful than the Wii U. Thinking you'll double the fps with what is essentially a portable home console, you're crazy
Probably from the light around it
You get mad over Steam profile pictures?
Load into single player first, then go online. No matter what you do, loading into online first will take the most amount of time for anything loading in the entire game
That's because even the average Joe knew it was bullshit
That's what I'm getting at. The guy I replied to said that we were why paid mods got stopped, I pointed out it wasn't just us
Well the gameplay itself doesn't really change. I don't see why it would actually be worse over time
I was plenty satisfied with the ending of TP. I enjoyed the dark tone and other than the tedious wolf sections I found it to be excellent
I prefer it because it's the original voice. I see the word "weeb" being thrown around but for most people it's not limited to Japanese. Watching movie for instance, the original language with subs is the way to watch to get the full experience, and most of the time other languages feel jarringly different than how the original voices intended it to be. For example, Zelda crying. The Japanese voice conveyed much more emotion, and it just feels correct with the way her animation tries to show her as bawling. The English version is a lot more toned down and it shows. Whether you think the Japanese version is too over-the-top is a different story, but it's clear that the scene was designed for the Japanese version first and the rest of the localizations just play around what is already there
Doesn't that sell for quite a bit?
No it definitely isn't. Controller is better, but if you get used to KB/M you can easily hold your own
It will in a few years. People are already emulating Wii U
PS3 and Xbox 360 are hard to emulate due to architecture. The only reason we have a Wii U emulator only 4 years after it's launch is because the architecture is so similar to both the Wii and Gamecube, so the very basic framework is already there essentially. As for the Xbone and PS4, they're quite literally computers with their own OS, which will make them incredibly easy to emulate. The main reason we need to wait is so we have PCs powerful enough because for emulation you need a PC much stronger than the original system to have the proper consistent experience
Wow that fucking sucks. You're telling me 10 years from now games will need to run on the Xbox One? You realize how much that would stall the industry right?
The whole point of emulating is to preserve massive libraries of old games. In 20 years little Jimmy can appreciate Uncharted 4 on his laptop, wondering how everything was the time it released
Can confirm, Rocket League is split screen. Played against my brother using a Dualshock 4 while he used his Xbox One controller he brought over Fun times where had
Ignorance is bliss, but not for those around you
If you mean having more friends on the platform, then sure. Other than that, there is little to know reason to buy a PS4/Xb1 when they're prebuilt PCs with a subscription attached
Give me examples for this time and time again, I'd love to hear what x86 consoles that have been hard to develop emulators for
The x86 isn't the whole story. There was very little interest for an original Xbox emulator. No groups wanted to sit down and make one because there was no demand. The only game the majority of people cared about on the original Xbox was Halo, which released on PC. Most of the bigger Xbox titles were multiplatform in general, so why bother when they'll play better natively
ecks dee I leik le memes This guy
So... It's confirmed??? I don't know what to think, I wasn't expecting this...
You dare to call Saitama trash?
#exposed
That's pretty vague, what did the dude actually do?
I hope it replaces the 3ds as well honestly. Both ecosystems joined into one powerful console? I'm in
Character. I'm level 3 mission wise but I seemed to find a workaround for friend PVP using global chat
Anti-aliasing is the removal of jagged edges So you actually complimented the appearance
That's due to the Shaders mod
He forgot to add lakefront property
Be warned, even if you get a nice PC it runs like ass. 25-35 fps on my GTX 970 at 1080p. Absolutely disgusting
A mix of high and ultra. Keep in mind I don't have the auto resolution scaler enabled. Adds 20-30fps but I didn't buy a 970 to render games at fuckin 720p
#downvotes? Really?? No shit really. Who would've thought a comment like that would be downvoted
Yes but PS4 is still ahead by quite a bit. MS really fucked it's launch
Turbo
This game was though EDIT: taking about GR, not WD2
MOBAs are easy to run for this exact reason
#pm_pics_of_lolis
Ghost Recon. Look at the reveal footage and compare with new gameplay
Why wouldn't they want to? Not everyone has a PC set up for local or have friends that live across the street
Have you not played TP? It's like one of the few Nintnedo game not to fall inline either norms of cartoon visuals and happy go lucky adventure
It really doesn't. Even the 3ds display looks like garbage which I believe is a higher resolution. It has a similar PPI to a 22" 1080p display which is awful considering the size And what does "you cant get a better display on your computer" even mean?
I don't see why not. This seems like the perfect game for it
No it's not. V-Sync has an entirely different process from just capping framerate, and it's the extra steps V-Sync does that causes input lag
On mobile, didn't see that. And besides, this is a straight answer type of question. What are the pros? You've been told that by others in the thread. The actual only con is screen tearing, which is less noticeable the higher you get in frmerate due to the extra frames being able to line up with the actual refresh rate more consistently
Can confirm. Reinstalled the game after a few months, logged in, saw a group running towards fresh spawn me with guns yelling "OOOOH BOYS WE FOUND ANOTHER ONE" and I died. Respawns, another dude found me and said "play another game fucker" and killed me. Took his advice
Yes I used NVENC. It's the best option (great quality when setup right, low perf impact) why not opt for it I'll edit later with an image with my settings
Huh, never noticed. Always thought it looked stunning but that's likely because I was watching on my phone. I kind of want to go all out and just use 5k bitrate and keep the 1080p60 to have awesome quality. Is there any real negative to using that?
How??? In this game you essentially hold an attack button then select the direction to swipe. There's no accuracy improvement between controller and mouse because you can only swipe in 1 of 3 directions, same with blocking iirc
Well I really only stream for friends (like a friend I have is only Bronze in OW, second lowest rank in the game, while I'm upper masters so he'll watch me to see how to improve himself as he's new to PC gaming). If it ends up I do get a small following in the long run, of course I'll accommodate.
3 kills but 4 elims
"The cold never bothered me anyway"
It's a joke based off of a popular religion, no one's trying to preach to you here so no need to assert your beliefs
#like Jesus they won't actually do it Did we read the same comment? All you had to say was "I doubt they can after what they've got so far" and that would've been satisfactory instead of disrespecting people's beliefs
#I wouldn't say *best* friends RIP op
ಠ_ಠ
Specs? On mobile so if you have a flair I can't see it For reference, on my 6500 using optifine I get 800fps 10 render distance
Funny how the entire service is purely subscribing for a library of games. It isn't even like consoles where you're forced to pay for MP and get small games as a "free bonus"
You have to pay $2 to see what's using up storage?
I'm using Alien Blue. It got discontinued in favor of the "official Reddit client" but I absolutely fuckin love this app, so I don't plan on switching unless I find something just as good EDIT: I meant removed from the app store, not discontinued
Wasn't Watch Dogs delayed a bunch? I don't hate it as much as most people, but it was still mediocre
You don't need that anymore, it's built natively into steam with the last update
You don't play the Witcher for graphics either, but prettier graphics make the overall experience more enjoyable
HBAO is more accurate to real shadows though, and the reason the back is more litup is essentially simulating global illumination as the back would be decently visible with out wide the doorway is
Look for freesync 144hz 1080p displays. I got one from AOC for $200 and once calibrated the thing is awesome. Only downside is I personally can't use the freesync (Nvidia)
You wouldn't have to run low, but medium if you want to keep 60fps. Imo not worth the trade off.
Yep that's the exact one I got, it's awesome. Also, calibrating takes less than 5 minutes. It's just a matter of having a game in borderless in the background (I used Overwatch) and having your GPU's control panel adjusting colors in real time till you get something that's colorful without being oversaturated
VR games are much smaller than normal games, SSD wouldn't be necessary for the actual experience
The more realistic ambient occlusion leads to shadows overall looking better, which is where the graphics part comes in. With his logic, might as well set LITERALLY every game to low settings because you play the game for the game
Maybe high, I kinda doubt ultra if you want to stay in mid 100s
"Let it Go"
I didn't think I'd care about 144hz, then I tried it
Well, don't enable the free trial. At checkout you can just pay an extra dollar or two with no subscription
Words to live by
All key resellers have just as high of a chance as G2A with stolen keys
#Blizzard: WE FOUND ONE OF OUR PLAYER'S CHILDREN PLAYING WIDOW, WE ARE NOW REMOVING HER FROM THE GAME DUE TO CONCERNS SHE MAY BE TOO HYPER-SEXUALIZED FOR CHILDREN
We couldn't even see the full 100Ghz. The only reason it was capped at that was for slow motion afaik. The highest refresh rate we should even go to is 240hz as you get insane diminishing returns at that point
Mobile, can't see flairs
EA = Early Access
The final product will make Destiny look like the work of an intern, but right now it's still on heavy development
What's your view on drugs?
Framerates + higher graphics settings
Afaik, N64 emulation is just about flawless at this point
Ideally you want 60+ fps at max settings, which at 1440p would be easy on that setup and if he had a 144hz display them even better. Also gotta take into account that not all games have good SLI scaling, so 4k60fps wouldn't always be achievable
Make that 4 🙃 FeelsBadMan because the average Joe doesn't know my phone exists
Recently started monogatari, I'm hyped just waiting to get caught up to the movies (using broadcast order)
Forgot to mention my scroll wheel. At least half of the time it registers 1 tick of movement as 2. This sometimes screws me in CS because I switch too many weapons at once, not getting what I need in my hands
The meta just changed, 3 tanks isn't that great anymore compared to 2-2-2 now. Even 3 dps is solid if you have good heals Source: in masters, been keeping up with competitive since release. 3 tank meta was clearly the worst point of the game, but we're going back to the traditional comp style
So I'm getting punished for maxing the game? Lock it to low settings then for "fairness"
I absolutely hate TF2 but love OW, they're completely different experiences even if the bare bones concept is similar
Benefits the overall experience. Call me crazy, but playing competitively while having nice graphics is a win-win
I'm 3800 in Overwaltch, so I'm in the 95th percentile for all the PC players in the game. I feel no advantage at lower settings because everything is super visible when maxed anyways. Enemies completely outlined in red, teammates have big arrows above their heads Even in CS, with the artsyle all youre getting is lower detail
100fps fully maxed at 1080p on a 970. This is how optimization is meant to be. Really solid visuals and the game is a ton of fun with friends
Out of curiosity, how is that any different from Ebay or Craigslist? I sense a lot of bias towards G2A without any mention of similar practices on other sites
Well I turned "down" the AA to SMAA out of preference. Other than that I touched nothing else. Maybe that's it?
Well I could go on Ebay and sell my 970 for $75 if I need quick money. You cant really assume everything priced cheap is a mistake or has something shady the background. I see what you mean but saying that applies to everything is a bit much don't you think?
The Divison runs poorly though. Takes quite of bit of settings turned down to get constant above 60 on a 970
It's not a circle jerk for the sake of circle jerking. There's reason and fact behind it. OP's friend is supporting a scam which Sean Murray lies to gain hype and makes off with cash gained from false promises
Theyre good value initially, but more pricey games and worst of all, subscription
[Karen] (http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/bakemonogatari1645/images/4/4d/Karen_nisemonogatari.png/revision/latest?cb=20160530075102) from Monogatari series (brushing scene *intensifies*)
I think so. He didn't say anything about max settings, only hairworks
That's not quite how it works
Your games are 200 GB?
I don't think that's being a minority, it's living in a shitty place. I'm a Hispanic in a community full of white people, but no one really treats me any differently than any other dude. If anything I get asked about my culture and I'm happy to talk about my background to people that are curious
Ran better day 1 than DayZ did for years
They view the Cortana name as something more now. Initially it was just a reference to a well known name amongst gamers, now it's a voice assistant for the average Joe. Just don't over think it. It's a name.
Or you didnt get the joke
Didn't come off that way. Might want to edit your comment, that's what's getting you down voted
I mean sure, Cortana is no doubt used way less than Siri. Siri is on every other phone you see on the street, whereas Cortana is limited to Windows Phones and Win10
I find myself during games just calling out "hey Siri" to my phone to ask things. Much easier than alt tabbing out to ask Cortana you know?
Not that I know of. When I unlock my phone I click gone while keeping my thumb on to unlock, so I don't accidentally activate Siri
Glorious
Denuvo was not removed in those cracks from my knowledge, only bypassed
Those are biased results. Every phone is thin these days. The Galaxy S9 could be 1 or 2 mm thicker and it'd still reach sales normal for that line of product
Thanks for the link, but this is missing a lot of more recent stuff, even mass effect 3 saves aren't there
Not talking about the price, I mean just the idea of building a PC yourself is weird to them Funny how when you buy a table you have to assemble it yourself with some instructions. PC isn't much different in that regard
My license plate was "PCMR 144" FeelsGoodMan &gt;even though I have a 970
Keep in mind the game runs terrible. On my 970 I was getting 40ish fps at 1080p medium settings on the Steam (DX11 version)
Can confirm. Bought the game on release but didn't care for online, friends wanted me to get cheats to give them money (I didn't care about being banned) and it was honestly scary how much info I had on other players in a public lobby. Imagine that shit in the hands of someone who wants to do harm
Keep in mind I turned off an effect that boosts performance but makes the game super blurry With that setting i hit 60, but it was terrible to look at
You aren't gonna find it in store save for rare exceptions, it's not a mainstream phone
Are you kidding? The S8 from a design standpoint alone is the most stunning phone on the market. Otherwise I'd definitely go Pixel
To hold a place temporarily
Battery would be my main concern yeah. As for TouchWiz, I don't think it's half as bad now as it was back in the S3 days. It blew my mind how bloated it looked Atm I feel like the S8 and Pixel are the best phones on the market, after all the pixel has its own draw of being developed specifically by Google and it's gonna be extensively supported over time no doubt
Because placeholders don't give accurate details or price. Theyre misleading until the product is official and real information like price come out
Damn dude, I used this all the time back in the day. Shame to see it go
Mario Kart 8 switches to 30fps when there are 4 players. This leads me to believe that fps is not tied to game speed
Arent you wasting that precious time by commenting on said videos?
The days of OnLive are over. With current tech low latency game streaming is viable with SP games
I used Geforce Now myself, and I played half of Metro Last Light with little to no issue (100/100 at 720p60fps on an Nvidia Shield). I no longer pay for the service though
Actually there was a clear reason people abandoned this game. Sure cross play would help with the population, but that doesn't change the game's faults
BOTW is not dull or gritty. Have we played the same game? Dull/gritty is Twilight Princess
I personally saw little to no improvement in gameplay, in some cases like the initial character scene I dropped 20 fps average
As much as I enjoy watching this dude, battlefield is the last game that needs competitive forced in
And fixes a couple performance issues and bugs
With no online without external solutions and by today's standards much of it's mechanics feel outdated and a bit clunky. Don't get me wrong, it's a great nostalgia trip, but it doesn't hold up to what you see in today's shooters (save for content, BF2 was a shining example of a full experience with so much to do day 1)
No they aren't. If they were the guys there'd be a way bigger issue at hand
And I can see why, I don't blame you. But as someone who played this extensively in his childhood and is now spoiled by fancy graphics, smooth gameplay, unlocks, etc
I would much rather have a new AR. Imagine a G36C on this game
There's more kick to ARs in full auto. If you compensate for it yourself it's just as accurate if not better, while doing more damage to armored targets
Valve will never go bankrupt with how things are now
WRIST
Everyone jacks off to Titanfall 2 but the only good thing about it is the SP which was stupidly short. I appreciate them using the time they had to the fullest but it would've been nice if it were longer. The MP is honestly worse than the first game, and there's tons of bullshit deaths (unbelievably low TTK) even for people who are generally great at shooters. Forces you to play safe instead of running and doing crazy shit like the game advertises you to be able to do
Yeah christmas is more widespread, and at this point there's little actual religious influence on christmas
😱😱😱
Yeah he used the wrong word
It wouldn't be at the Microsoft conference if it was PC exclusive
Probably not too much. The game itself was complete before working on it
Except i5s are still slightly better in gaming overall Ryzen is good, but not much is gonna change between the two overall
Exactly. So in this case, either an i5 or R5 works great, and cemu pretty heavily prefers Intel so why not get an i5?
Or their enjoyment comes out of winning? Why do you think competition is so huge within sports and gaming, or even in general? We all have that competitive nature in us, and winning makes people happy
They got into legal trouble which cost them 40 mil. The other guy was saying they needed the money from paid DLC to keep the project alive, otherwise ARK would have been left behind because of financial problems
While I disagree with the statement that ARK runs better, perfect my ass. All very low except textures on medium on my 970 and I get anywhere from 50-85 fps. It's not *terrible* but perfect is a huge overstatement
Something about a breach of contract from another company. One employee of wildcard apparently worked on the game before his old contract became void, breaking his non-compete agreement
I said I agreed with your initial statement that PUBG runs better than ARK, but the game still isn't optimized and it shows. You say it runs perfect, so I'd like to know your settings, GPU and framerate if you don't mind. If perfect for you is 1080p60 near lowest settings that's completely different than a 60 with max without a top of the line GPU
You don't know of the legend himself? I think we need to enlighten him fellas
Awesome. Even more reason to look into this game. Loved the first but it was a bit repetitive after a while. So far it looks like the sequel will really build on the first and improve it in nearly every way One thing I've noticed though is the visuals seem pretty mediocre, not even as good as the first game. Wonder if that'll be sorted out or not before launch, but I guess as long as the benefit is excellent performance I can't complain too much
Impressive. Pretty much everyone these days uses something like Unity UE4.
Yeah, by only a few frames. The minimums aren't all that noticeable in real world usage
There's standalone DLC. From what I hear they were great. You play the other perspectives during the Black Mesa incident
Then you're doing something wrong. Same CPU and I get 25-30fps
You using the community shader caches? That might be a possible culprit
No because the standard isn't there for televisions.
Or make your MMO make use of as many threads as are available on your PC. That alone would allow fps to skyrocket on higher end setups The dude said the game utilized a grand total of one core, and that's unacceptable when you consider that MMOs are very demanding on CPUs
Killing Floor 2, Kerbal Space Program?
Great game, super satisfying gunplay
It's a mod that allows the game to use more ram iirc
Not to mention it has more variety in it's gameplay and free content updates
Lmao, using a leak as a source
You're literally going into damage control mode because a terrible decision was mocked. Really?
It's hardly in a bad state. Just download FAR which auto updates itself so you don't need to. Then you have pretty flawless experience
Quality games are already here
There is also a massive boner for defending destiny. As someone who tries to be as unbiased as possible, here's my perspective I was initially hyped for Destiny. Played the alpha and beta on PS4, and bought it day 1 because I liked what I had already played of it. I went into it and beat the "story" and what a fucking joke that was. The creators of Halo, the creators of such a memorable story that I love to this day, created that? The narrative was genuinely shit. I found the gameplay itself excellent. Gun fights were fun, and you didn't have to put all your attention into it to do well. It had very casual feel-good gameplay that definitely worked in it's favor But holy fuck the thing I disliked most about Destiny: the lack of content. There was nothing. The planets offered no depth, just a fresh coat of paint with little to no crevices to explore. Not to mention they were very underwhelming in size. The story was not only laughable but short. The only highlight of the game? The raid. And in my honest opinion, the game wasn't worth grinding out the same mediocre content over and over to play the one highlight. One thing I've been told over this criticism was "the DLC added a bunch more content!" Oh give me a break. If I have to pay over $150 to get the amount of content that should've been there at launch, there's a problem ---------- This is why people are skeptical for Destiny 2. Honestly, I want the second game to be good, and I want Bungie to learn from their obvious mistakes. There's so much potential but if it's anything like Destiny 1, there will be a huge problem
It's a standalone launcher. Think Battle.net but for Bethesda games. It isn't very far along and I never even heard of it until I needed it for Quake
It sounded interesting to me. What problems did you have?
This is absolutely true. It was easy during flash sales to say "this is insanely cheap, and this deal isn't coming back any time soon, I should pick it up" Sure, if you could handle it thats fine, but the majority of people can't. Tons and tons of money goes into research to figure out how to make consumers pull the trigger on your product, and one method of many are flash sales
Did we play the same game? It has it's faults, but saying it's only worth the $5 is crazy
Half life 2 for $1? Bought it for a couple friends, we plan on playing it through in co-op, 8 people total. Gonna be a good time
But also don't place new ones related to the modding issue. We have to be somewhat fair here
You essentially have a remote connection to your PC. You definitely could open Netflix using this and watch from your couch. I couldn't say how close it would be to watching natively, but it's probably solid when considering it was originally meant to handle more (games)
Yep, but you might need to plug in a spare keyboard and mouse to it via it's USB ports if you don't have a steam controller set up for desktop use
For $15 the Steam Link is a no-brainer for me. Occasionally I'll have friends over and they'll want to play something like Project M (super smash bros) and this'll do just that on the big screen It's little things like this that make me love PC. I can do just about everything you could imagine with one machine
How the fuck can you sit there and take the time to do this shit
The pixel likely records at a higher res then crops to be able to use the 4k stabilization
Does 1440p work? I like having the higher bitrate so everything looks crisp
I personally couldn't speak for it. I was interested in it and did some research, but I down own one. But, I here it feels pretty different from normal controllers, some calling it "it's own beast". It would probably take some time to get used to and has a learning curve
A 970 used can be found for around for $150. It can fit in a sub $450 build if you tried hard enough
&gt;she was annoyed no one wanted to bang her character What a way to get motivated lol
r/savedyousometime ?
Yep, I realize that now
Yes, because one guy equals all of Reddit users
Cemu is not limited to 30 fps, only games that were made with that cap have it. The fence hack breaks V-Sync, allowing you to go over that limit
With FenceHack, it removes the 30cap entirely. It's just that the inventory is so much less intensive If your gameplay is still 30ish, it's because your PC can't handle more than that
With that logic let's just strip everything else away so it's *only* looter shooter with no other elements or varied gameplay whatsoever
The main audience for G2A are people who don't have the money to buy full priced games left and right. If you're friends fall under that category, G2A might be one of their few options for games
It's amazing that I can play that on my phone at full speed through the Reddit app. Technology really is something
Pirated games often don't include multiplayer, and the vast majority of gamers want their MP
Yeah but it's really nice for when sites don't want to use your full download speed
The hate isn't that they have a problem, but rather due to their open system it's easy for someone to use stolen credit cards to buy and resell games for a profit. Afaik no one has actually looked into how many keys on G2A are obtained through illegal means, but it's still a valid criticism
I see where you're coming from, but for real world use where you drop your phone in the sink or bath or whatever and quickly save it, it's nice to know it'll still work without a problem
Good 'ol Kiss-shot
It also helps that Gears doesn't exactly give a huge advantage with a mouse due to cover being such an important factor in it
I don't care how cringy the dialogue is, I just want them to show actual gameplay, not just a vertical slice. I hope the press can get their hands on it and show us unedited gameplay With the Division and Rainbow Six Siege, what they showed us was not representative of the game, who the fuck cares about the dialogue
