I think arbaless/Alvarez is to aracitacia as fiore is to ishgar Kingdom to continent (multiple kingdoms on each continent) like Jura was the best Mage is fiore during the 7 year gap but only fifth on ishgar
Regardless of how you feel about Obama I think he will serious historical credit for the abuse (and racism) he put up with while president.
I think that's part of the theme. Like the nether the Jedi or the sith are perfect, one is too selfless and other too selfish
Watch the episode where erza learns magic, it's also really about believing and people with it in their blood have an inclination. Also Laxus would kick your ass for assuming he's good cuz if his parents.
Congrats don't quit!!!!!
Santorums always cum from behind
What year is this, 2012?
Cringe within a cringe, they just incepted this shit
Ds9 all the way
Where did u get it this bottle? The place I go to doesn't have the port wood edition. Also it's too bad the port took a bitter turn cuz sweetness properly mixed in could amazing.
W..wh...what?!?
I personally think the over choreographed scenes were incredible, the power and skill of the super human Jedi was felt. Also we got to see stuff like opposing force pushes.
I disagree and I think you're nit picking. The scene with maul vs obi wan 1 on 1 was unreal in terms viciousness and killing lust. Personally the new movie had terrible fight scenes to me. The swinging was nonsensical and it wasn't fun to watch (BESIDES how awesomely Rey was just beating that ass) Also IF it's individual moments destroy scenes for you then literally every original storm trooper scene is idiotic, the whole assault on the death in stupid for how exposed the x-wings were but never died, obi wan vs darth is pathetic. But idk you gotta learn to love the parts that cross the unrealistic line for you as much as anything otherwise you end up a mountain of salt.
That's nonsense. The light saber duels from the original trilogy wee limited by the animation of the time and were "more methodical". Also New Hope barely had a plot (most of the plot was made up after its success) and was just a film featuring the newest and best special effects.
I read AoT and frankly after the most recent chapter, fuck that manga. It's pacing has gone from slow and intense to George r r Martin disrespectfully slow.
Please tell your friends gf she is legit a saint. Like she kept talking to him but never got aggressive or tried to prove a point she was just nice.
Stellar, nice word choice
So less established?
What bothers me isn't that this story is real but that someone actually told it too sound real
Jellal cuz during gmg jellal knew he could beat Jura while Laxus was unsure.
But that's the thing they actually know. Like watch interviews with people buying. Sir you know you're chances are low right? Yea. How you know how low? Really low. There many things that need work but monitoring shifty spending choices is not one of them.
Would be interesting to be see Thor be shaped to be centered around the Marvel version cuz most myths are reformed heroes. If you think about now more people probably know Thor from marvel iterations than anything else, the only question is staying power.
It was filler plus mashima said somewhere he regretted the lack of Laxus during Tartaros.
How so?
Like it's painful
Freed But honestly I love them all cuz they are very unique amongst fairy tail in that they contain a capacity for cruelty which I like
Honestly it's a surprisingly diverse world, there's Asian and European diversity. They also have rare instances characters of many other colors.
We all started as lame asses. You'll grow into it, one of the best ways I've found to enjoy whisky is to try good single malts or blends with a crap whiskey (when I started it dewars vs laphroaig). It teaches you to detect the differences and really learn why good stuff is so damn amazing early on.
Ummmm flowers cuz it's Tuesday to a girl ur not dating is weird
Mind blown
Question is will it do anything to protect its people from the problems already over the border.
Do u really not think 1.1 million people in 1 year won't change a population of only 80 mil?
*takes deep breath* Please tell me this is a joke
I'm only going to judge you on this post and ur replies to comments. The reasons you get hate is several fold. 1. You've fallen into the trap of self pity. i. Scrawny: first off scrawny means nothing skinny guys get hot girls as regularly as anyone else. Second if ur body makes u insecure do something about it. ii. Was raised by your grandparents: You had a loving household no one anywhere should feel sorry for you. iii. Moved around a lot: the most interesting people are those who've been around its no excuse. iv. Bullied: most people in world were/are bullied at some point. 2. When people explain the issues you don't acknowledge and you ignore the spirit of what they say and argue the wording. Example on this thread someone said unlocking women and you said "no I'm trying to make myself attractive". In this case unlock women = make myself attractive 3. Asking questions when u don't want honest answers. Saying I'm not as bad as denko is you setting your self up to not look bad. It's like saddam saying come on guys I'm not hitler, don't compare urself to bottom of the barrel when asking about acting appropriately.
Exactly and it applies to more than bullying. Like everything he listed isn't even that bad, get the fuck over yourself.
according your statement women care less about looks less, so why then do u whine about being scrawny?
Source or name?
Many series pull from each other. Fairy tail openly admits to being inspired by many sources..... BUT this is non-sense like there's nothing in common like at all. The only similar thing is music and it's not even remotely similar in style.
My parents are teachers and it's always so special when they can connect with a kid. It's awesome you can do that with fairy tail
My favorite part is the guy who brought it up started being attacked by other feminists. Like talk about making everyone your enemy.
Not everyone is convinced that relationships with banks equals bad.
Sorry but gunna have to agree. There has been zero evidence yuriy is Serena and it's been stated by warred that yuriy is dead. Anything ur saying is just grasping at non-existent straws. Also the important thing about Serena is his magic.
As liberal as I am this is why conservatives say 'no' we have a good but imperfect system to help people pay for college BUT sadly tuition rates just rose making the system we have seem terrible.
I used to watch the anime and read the manga but the anime has gotten unbearable. Like the second fight between Laxus and tempesta was so annoying to watch. In manga it was a two page fight with gray and then plot moved along
The change to portrait in the sources below makes me think it is. Also 45s usually 'real' stuff is long enough to be sold. 'Real'= real look and feel but fake
Yes!!!
This^ people tend to forget this is a story with laws the strengths that bend to hiros wishes. He tries to be consistent but he sways regularly (literally any fight with sting or rogue as examples)
What the fuck?!?
Oh I'm sorry descendants of people who commit atrocities shouldn't ever have the right to complain. OH WAIT THAT IS EVERYONE. You don't say Arab Muslims complain about imperialistic America, nations conquered under Muhammad and successors!!!
Except when denying the holocaust.
Mavis don't fuck around with ppl who hurt warrod
No it's not cuz what we not takin into account is the fact this the pride is more about simple country history and the fact they were a great empire and nothing much else.
Yea I mean we've seen many situations where a character has appeared to have been rekt and hiro keeps them alive. Gildarts did survive a similar assault from the same person.
The idea of Brits being proud of their history as a great empire, is not Brits saying immigration is good but only when they do it, it's them saying " I'm proud of my countries powerful history". The argument being made is "why do Brits have issues with immigration when they are proud of colonization", which I'm saying is false equivalence.
Blockbusters rise and fall is one the best ways to understand why capitalism is so awesome and how it pushes innovation.
Right?!?
People don't pick on fatties. People get picked on and sometimes that person is fat. But there is not a culture of pick on the fatty. One reason for this perception is 1. Being fat is unhealthy and some how stating health facts is mean. 2. Fat people can't always engage in the engage is the same activities as others. Like I can't think of a single out door activity she could honestly engage in Edit: my point is fat isn't a special status of hate, everyone gets picked on for something and being fat isn't inherently a worse trait than other social pariahs
Hillary, the candidate in first is sunk? Are you gunna say that when she's the nominee? Also no there is zero evidence because candidate have over taken the supers in the past. How come only Bernie gets to be a whining bitch. Also how arrogant are you to believe your logic is so perfect that someone who disagrees with you is paid or stupid.
So there shouldn't be endorsements in a democracy?
Yea I mean how could someone trust Bernie to fight golden parachutes on wallstreet when his white took one while bankrupting a small college?
What about the fact that a poor white male stands less of chance getting into college than a wealthy black male because the black male with all the advantages of being rich is considered somehow less privileged than a poor rural white? What about schools that have awards that can go on resumes that only blacks can win but no version for whites? What about the fact that an old white grandmother gets no news story when Detroit cops beat her for no reason? What about the white girl who was assaulted by black students and then almost had charges brought up against her because the black students claimed she attacked them? (The only reason the poor girl wasn't charged was because of surveillance) I'm a person of color btw but the reality is that being white or black or anything else no longer guarantees you have privilege or oppression.
You don't solely on the biases of gender.
That's what they don't get. They say how can Hillary supporters like her given her obvious faults and they can't understand the answer if "because while she's not perfect I still like her a lot". And they don't get this because they legit think sanders is perfect.
You should hang out at r/enoughsandersspam
The baby being black was probably the best gtfo from God himself (also is that sexist?
Username checks out
You misspelled FEC
Yes you should stop supporting sanders because he lost. Decide who you like more, Clinton or trump because those are your options. Like when Hillary lost in 08 people had to choose McCain or Obama, same thing Bernie lost now make a decision.
He's not honest tho. Most of his police and statement are based on lies. The problem is that he gives off the honest old man vibe so people trust him.
And cenk's denial of the Armenian genocide is a clear indication he's a terrible journalist and shouldn't be trusted. See it works both ways.
Well he says no CEOs on wallstreet have been jailed but can't name any laws they've broken. His free college plan doesn't even cover the full cost of college and places a huge burden on the states to make up the difference. His hypocrisy of criticizing super delegates for supporting Clinton early on in the election based on Hillary polling better than him but not asking them to switch based on polls. His lies that he does well in open primaries when he loses them almost 3:1. His hate if golden parachutes when his wife has received one. His claim that he can save the US 324 billion on drugs when we only spend like 302. His voting to continue funding the Iraq war. The list goes on. I don't hate Bernie at all but he's not more honest than other politicians he's just good at giving off the honest vibe.
He's done. If the FBI hasn't found anything to charge Hillary with in a year there is nothing they will find in the next few weeks. Literally lets say that again, in an entire year not one thing worth charging her with has been found. The supers are not switching and Bernie is getting his ass handed to him the recent primaries. The game is in fact very over and has been for months. Sanders funding is dry, the subreddit is losing subscribers, the phone banks and canvassing are dead.
She didn't reveal national secrets. None of the info was leaked. Her server was more secure than the one she would've been using.
Lol perfect logic if you want to dismiss conclusions you don't trust.
Just like how you can't wrap your head around Bernie getting the literally shit kicked out of him for three straight months by Hillary.
His influence is dying as he stays in because more and democrats are starting to hate him.
Anytime an investigation can't come up with a charge after a year I'm quite skeptical of its energy
That's the purpose. You're supposed to say I want take part in the DNC or GOP primary before all the candidates announce to prevent tampering.
Yea THAT is totally want is happening.
Hey I like summers
I fucking hate this whole "ties" shit. Means nothing
In and of itself I think it will do very little. But it might represent a shift in the discussion about Islam and whether we consider certain Islamic beliefs to be threatening.
It doesn't need to be terror to be linked to Islam. A man who's religion (any religion cuz most honestly have issues with gays) is part of homophobia
What about Bernie flipping on super delegates and whether they should be used against voters? I'm sorry but refusing to debate Bernie after the election was over is not flip flopping it's being real.
Ah the old sanders arguement, those who don't agree with me are stupid low infos. No wonder she kicked his ass in every demographic but rural and non-college graduate whites.
Trump's campaign disagrees with you
That's like saying non-Christians are the largest religious group in the world. It doesn't actually mean anything. Independents don't agree with each other, hence there not being a party they are all a part of.
As a Clinton supporter "No fucking way!!!!". Clinton is the establishment candidate, everyone knows it.
The reality is that automatic weapons barely make up gun killings in the US. Most killings are done by hand guns. It's like cars verses airplanes. If you want to save lives in transportation you make cars safer not planes because barely anyone dies by plane. But the problem is when people do die by plane it is 1. Wealthier people and 2. Is usually a far scarier story, this also applies to assault weapons. If your goal is to pass a bill to save american lives via gun control your focus should be on the tools that take the most lives not those that make the biggest headlines. I don't like these bills cuz they are barely going to address the issue of gun deaths but they will protect the middle to upper class and leave the poor communities shooting each other to death.
And we will get R2
It's funny cuz they have the exact same meme but for liberals Edit: not pro-trump just pointing this out. Also way more than 6 liberals calling to ban guns
No because more parties equals less power for each party and it becomes easier for radical parties to get their voice heard. Also if independents truly agreed with enough other people they would have their own party.
Well put. To add to that people label themselves as progressives think everything they want is right and step in the right direction. They then conclude the two-party system which forces compromise is broken because there isn't a party that is just about their ideals. What they don't get is that they aren't perfect and being forced to slowly comprise and not being able to make vast sweeping changes is a good thing. When people say democracy is hard they are referring to how you can't get everything you want quickly.
Typical bernout socialist. Yells at people for not doing Bernie's job lol. You see in capitalism you are required to work and not complain when people who have held positions in the past dont show up and work out of the blue because you are busy masturbating furiously in front of a camera and calling it a speech.
By "place politics my ass" I assume your talking about a sanders speech
Funny you think Bernie is circling a dying body and isn't one himself.
Irrelevant to the topic of no one paying for porn anymore.
I don't know it
And if he says no that should be ok because you supported a democratic candidate and it should surprise you he would cooperate with the DNC. Like part of him running as a dem was things like this happen when you lose.
What successful women does r/politics regularly celebrate? The only ones I know got attention endorsing sanders (tulsi) or lost support for not supporting his lordship (warren)
That's not how this works. Your opinion of DNC corruption doesn't matter.
Right I always thought she had a lil chub but nah she killing it
Because you voted for candidate in their party. You took part in their election process and that has consequences. All you Bernie supporters want the DNC to give you all these concessions but don't want to follow the basic rules of our party. If you hate them so much you shouldn't have voted.
Honestly they've taught me how fascists take over. Imagine if the US was a different country and these assholes were tough enough to militarizes.
You sound like a member of Khmer Rouge. They murdered hundreds of thousands of people for disagreeing with them.
Mark Cuban said it from day 1, net worth is completely unrelated to cash on hand. First trump is only 4 billion but second we as a country have a grave misunderstand of how network relates to spending power.
So I'm correct, you think there are two types of people, Bernie supporters and idiots. As long as you keep that up you will always be in second place.
Hey idiot it's about how your mind is so shallow you literally can't comprehend someone choosing her over Bernie. And frankly it was this in ability of the Bernie campaign to understand why minorities and those over 35 voted against Bernie that got his ass kicked so badly. I'm asking because I want to see if you contain the ability to understand people who don't agree with you. I voted Hillary but I can explain why people voted Bernie. Bernouts on the other hand can't and then they get confused when he loses in every swing state.
Actually American is vastly different. The only countries comparable in size and population are Russia, india and China. You simply can't scale Denmark system to culture and size of the US. Doesn't mean we shouldn't try but still.
See I get everything your saying but I'm on the opposite side. I think society is becoming too dependent on college. We are getting to the point where it is going to cost every single American 100,000 and four years before they can enter the work force. That line alone when applied to a population of 320 million should ring a bell that more college isn't the answer.
Really? Where is this liberal understanding when in comes to conservative oppositions on pc culture. You should watch the videos of perfectly reasonably conservatives and even moderate democrats get shouted down for having opinions far left liberals don't like. I've never seen a video at a university of people from the right threatening guest speakers with violence on stage until an event was shut down. You kinda cherry picked examples of liberals doing the right thing.
Given bill maher has been a victim he's a terrible example. And yea pc is relevant because it's an example of liberals refusing to acknowledge the other side of the isle.
Fuck you
Super delegates are good for 3 way races and there's nothing wrong with that. Also super delegates show which candidate has the support of the party and I see nothing wrong with that either.
The problem is that independents aren't a single group. You can't disenfranchise a huge group of people that can't get along enough to create a cohesive platform.
Trumpsters at least believes the opposition like their candidates. Bernouts legit don't understand people not voting for sanders
Brilliant
You should open yourself up first to possibility of being wrong and then seek help. Anyone this convinced everyone else is stupid needs help.
I love these "I'm not a sanders supporters I just think he's the best candidate" people. Stop trying to trick us into thinking youre not a bernout
You mean fudge? Bernie is clearly dumbledore and every Bernie supporter us their own special version of Harry Potter.
Hey at least you didn't reference Harry Potter. One day you'll learn to stick to facts.
I don't currently see certain parts of liberalism being compatible with democracy. The biggest issue I see as a liberal is every time I diverge from the typical liberal agenda I am questioned on racism, luckily it's hard for cuz I'm biracial but still. While I think nationalism and people like trump and the brexit are a huge threat I think the inability of the left to do what it does so well, and hear all sides of the arguements is giving fuel to the fire that is nationalism. Nationalist ideas aren't new, the number of supporters are and the source I believe is closed minded leftists pushing away moderates with slightly different opinions.
But you used the same logic that you don't like being used against Muslims. Liberals judge all gun owners together and conservatives judges all Muslims together. Neither is good. I will concede there are issues the Muslims community must face but I think the conservative approach is too destructive and the liberal approach is too accepting.
I HATE YOU!!!!!
I literally asked a Bernie supporter one time if he could name reasons people didn't vote Bernie to prove this exact point. His response? "Clearly you need to ask his supporters for help justifying being a paid shill, sorry not my job" -__-
Are they really bonus at this point or expected?
Doesn't that assume literally no money was spent as well?
I love that I couldn't tell if this was going to be a sanders elections loss story or Bernie wandering into the wrong room story!
There are also polls showing that over 80 percent of Bernie supporters have switched to Clinton?
Actually lots of the classified material wasn't classified at the time. What happens a lot is material is made classified later when the state dep decides what is should and should not release
This question is proof you spend to much time in your echo chambers. It's all over Hillary subs, also Google.
Probably has to do with the qualifications to be labeled as an abuser, but that's just the guess in the moment.
The transistor was America.
Like we've ever let that stop us before
Well if we are going by a few commenters then Bernie supporters are still the problem. Actually yes part of democracy is comprising with others. When you hold an election you seeing which values the people support. If the universal healthcare platform is defeated those who lost need to comprise and can't expect to get what they would have if they had won.
If your goal is to spout your opinion and not defend maybe you should be "done here" before you comment
Why do you stretch that idea that people of same religion share more those of the same race into "must agree on everything". I never claimed all Muslims are terrorists or agree with terrorism. All I said is that those of the same religion share more than those of the same race. Race isn't a choice, religion is therefore those of the same race share more than those of the same religion. What about that can't yuh comprehend? Edit: Muslims are commiting terrorism all over the world whether it be Europe, Africa, the Americas or the Middle East
Yea but imma guess you have one of your own
Some of us throw with one hand but masturbate with the other. It's a tough world.
In my experience the latter leads to the former.
The life of a ft fan is a hard one
Muslims agree to follow the Quran. What do all Arabs agree to do? (Since you think people of the same race share just as much as those of the same religion)
Also you sound really racist, like I think all Arabs and blacks are the same racist.
No it's not. I was giving light to the argument that the right wing has against Muslims. You countered with an example about whites. I'm arguing that a group of people organized by race (whites) is a bad counter example to a generalizing a group of people by religion (Muslims) because Muslims unlike whites must choose to follow some form of the Quran while white choose nothing and must agree and nothing.
Honesty, circumcision. The lack of a foreskin makes sexual contact without lubrication hella uncomfortable, hence why a girl only needs to get wet and fingers are all she needs. Edit: first I'm circumcised and love it for difference reasons but biology is biology. If you think I'm wrong explain scientifically why the lack of foreskin has zero effect on the need for lubrication for sexual stimulation. If you can't explain scientifically you can fuck right off with your downvotes, they aren't meant to help you give yourself a safe space.
Again as someone who applied to Stanford to Michigan you still only go to one. Applying to brown and Columbia was was waste of my time.
That's not how it generally works. But rather than lecture you on why on Reddit I'll say good luck and you'll agree with me 1 year from now I promise.
Tier wise one maybe two in each tier, and only the ones that you feel a pull towards. Like usually people that can get in to any ivy can get into any ivy they put their focus into. And on the flip side if you can't get into any ivy usually you would thrive more an a slightly "lower" tier in undergrad. That's subjective btw, for example I think most top level state schools are better than brown for example. What you'll find very quickly is that the school matters a lot less than if you fit with it. And if you are pushing your application and not being the amazing person you are it's not the kind of place that you belong (working the night before tells me you aren't hair being yourself in the app). It doesn't mean you can't rule the world or become president it just means Harvard might not be the place best suited for you to excel. Again I'm just a guy in Reddit so take everything with a grain of salt.
And I think you're hung up "blank makes blank happen". When having a civilized conversation "blank makes blank happen" is a generalized statement. Example smoking leads to lung cancer. If you smoke but don't have lung cancer you not having lung cancer doesn't prove me wrong because I didn't say "every single puff of smoke leads to lung cancer no matter what and there are no exceptions". Same here, circumcision leads to nerve damage and I cited a study that wasn't even very one sided. All you did was say "I don't think I've experienced nerve damage". Which by the way makes no sense since you're not capable of making the judgement. Citing the definition of counter example demeaning and you no it. Defend yourself by respecting those you disagree with not by putting them down and feeling justified because trust me it gets you no where.
They raised you right. Candy land is just that, a place for losers to feel happy. UNO is fucking go time.
If she learns that lesion before 10 she'll rule the world
Did you just have that fucking list ready to go?
ex-gf used to give lots of head whenever she was on her period. Man I miss her sometimes.
That's sad moment when u realize the story is about a guy.......
Clearly never been to Wisconsin
Well other professions usually don't lead to emotional connections. I loved Star Wars and love the actors to played the characters I loved. Kind of makes sense. I don't really have an emotional connection to my local pd. I appreciate what they do but I've never needed to call so I have no real connection with them.
Read my comment again but maybe you missed the part about having a connection the the actors who played the characters I loved.
That's ridiculous. I have an emotional to Obama but I've never met him. Also by definition emotional connections aren't logical. The very fact that people say they have an emotional connection is all the proof you should need (and all the proof you are ever going to get).
Semantics. You are arguing people's feelings about her death, what is your point now? I'm saying people are emotionally attached to the her and given the huge character she played it's not strange. What is your point? That connection is two way
As a tracer main i must take this opportunity to tell both of you to fuck off to hell
Because they are supposed to be opposites. Thin privilege is something society gives to thin people and fat is something society makes up to punish fat people
Reddit doesn't owe you free speech. I suggest you learn about the first amendment before complaining about it being attacked.
Shit isn't funny.
No no no, he uses special mystic powers and a bo staff to defeat many armed enem...........FUCK
Red for power ranger and ties, blue for everything else
This person if clearly an angry asshole who was logically backed into a corner so he decided to start taking swings at the specific words being used than the overall argument.
Exactly and sometimes banning certain content will net a website more users, so it's not about free speech it's about content to attract users and most users aren't racist. Kinda seems like a solid business decision to me.
So what you're telling me is that we could convince Wendy's to sponsor an Asuka Langley skin?
It proves just like trump winning that our country is not owned by the elite, not owned by corporations but rather those who decide to be heard.
No, inhumane is a powerful statement. Not getting water is not powerfully cruel.
Saying Islam has and issue and all Muslims are a problem are two very different logical leaps.
Do you have a source for the idea that most people are racist or is it another SJW situation where you out your feels before reals? God I hate you sjw pricks that don't live in the world of facts.
You're the guy who asks people to switch in mystery heroes aren't you?
That sucks ass man. Wish you had better experiences.
Humor by friend, humor
Except you are using SJW tactics. You are using your feelings to argue about sound business practices and claiming ignoring you feelings is bad. That's all sjw tactics. If I were you I'd revaluation myself cuz you might be a lot closer to the left leaning nutjobs than you think
Lies, SAD SJW CUCK LIES
No you're the CUCK. See now you're even playing Hillary. Are you a blue haired lesbian who believes in the wage gap?
No you're the repeater. See I'm quoting trump again. God you really are Hillary. You sure you don't want to make up story about being harassed for being Muslim?
So Reinhardt?
Listen CUCK feels bitch. You and you're liberal pussy ass, can't handle the world not pandering to you need to crawl back to the Starbucks where you serve real mean like me and die. Enjoy voting for safe spaces.
Also you're account is less than two weeks old. Clearly an under aged Bernie supporter angry he lost trying to act right wing
Is 12 you're age, like most Bernie supporters?
You're angry a true right winger called you out as a racist and a guy who hates trumps America.
God you probably want to have your daughter raped because you're so afraid of being called racist.
You are a SJW CUCK angry that Bernie lost so you pretend to support the GOD EMPEROR when in reality you're an angry high school who just learned about the free market.
If we're honestly r/the_donald jokes always work, r/s4p not so much
Ha! I'm on mobile I see the thumbnail. But just incase I need to check.....
Yea ok
Love back at ya
Or Ana
Looks a lot like an actually dorm or college apartment. Hint: the actual random shit on the walls, girls do that so much
They've forgotten the goal was to exist as one.
Well they bombed it so we could have the freedom to go backpacking. This men didn't die so we could die a few generations later, they died so we could live amazing lives.
So you teach guilty adults?
It's about following our justice system. You are innocent until proven guilty and should be treated as such no matter the circumstances. Now given the evidence these bastards should be tried immediately and found guilty.
Idk man, the question is about fetishes a place where Harry Potter was bound to show up
I think that's a little different because people will slow down temporarily to avoid the speed trap and then speed back up afterwards. The idea of speed traps is to punish speeders (rightfully so) and encourage proper driving because you don't know where a trap might be.
But that's a whole different conversation than speed traps.
This right here is it. "Back in my day you could get calls and use the Internet at the same time." "But why would you call when you could txt?"
Upvote for the first name
She doesn't sound like the "listen to reasonable advice" type
What iconic scenes has he done a good job with? Watchmen and BvS did nothing for me. Superman's death could not even remotely be compared to his death in the comics.
Her assuming white dumbass thought this shit was a Disney Movie. As a guy whose dad left his home country cuz of fucked yo stuff it's amazing how ignorant "not-racist" people are of other cultures and how insanely blind they are to the idea that people of color can be hateful and just from a different culture.
I have some bad news for you, the trap does more than 50 percent......
It's called a Worp-core motherfucker.
It's sounds like your dad and my mom would get along
Ain't no one complaining Aj I don't think we have a problem.
The avoid it being pronounced as "f r I g e", English can be a stupid language
That's partially true. Sadly I think too much of homosexuality bothers a lot of people of a personal level that regardless of their position in life they will hate it. As an example I'm thinking are men who are made to feel very insecure by the idea of two men having sex.
Red team widow is always so good
you main reaper don't you?
Idk he might have a future in programming. Takes everything literally as shit.
Dwight?
That's what I like about this game, it is really about more than simple aiming. Now I only have to find a character to try and main that isn't tracer......
I'm sorry but I need to call bullshit. As a POC in American I am so sick of white people claiming every time another culture likes light skin it's because of whitewashing. You guys are not actually that important and you need to stop with the white guilt shit. The truth is long before white people colonized the globe light skin was a sign that someone was powerful and educated because they didn't need to work outside. Light skin has long been a positive attribute. Same with "fairness". If you don't believe me go visit poor neighborhoods in southeast Asian where all the white tourists are trying to get a tan but the locals are covered head to toe in cloth, somehow these white people aren't convincing the locals to get a tan. It just so happened that when whites colonized they also liked whiter people (go figure) but they aren't the damn source.
If you get killed by a mercy the game win give you a tip saying her gun "does a surprising amount of damage"
If you think the only people who love America are racist or white you need more friends. The biggest pro-American I know is my dark ass immigrant father.
But saying you love America, American culture and think those who come here should assimilate to some level isn't nationalism. You're assuming everyone is the worst of the other argument.
Kind of what this while thread is about
And where does "this is my house and this is how we do things here in general and if you don't like you should leave" fall?
Yes and one of the is conflating the idea of loving America and tell those who don't love it to leave with radicalism. There is nothing wrong with wanting new people to adapt to a new country.
I think they are as well but as he original comment pointed out too often people don't love America enough to stand by it and call those who do racist nationalists. Examples if I go to France I'm going to have to learn French, if I go to Mexico I'm going to learn Spanish. But if I say immigrants should learn English it's racism and nationalism. The issue isn't the denotation or the connotation, it's the apply of the terms unevenly to America.
But that masked part is a huge issue. You can't assume everyone is racist. Example too often the call for immigrants is called racist because of assumptions about those saying it which is simply unfair and dishonest.
It's actually very ambiguous. Example, the idea that everyone should learn English is called racist all the time and people who say immigrants should learn English are accused to hating immigrants. But if I go to any non-English speaking country I am expected to learn that language and that's considered culture. The ambiguity between those who hate immigrants and those who are respecting America like any citizen of any country would do is very high.
So it's not a fine line and the original comment of people jumping on white nationalism all the time is bs.
What's wrong or racist about saying to live in America you should speak English? I went traveling this last summer and I need to pick up a little of each language I was around and you get id have learned it if I stayed. There isn't racism is saying our country speaks English so those coming here should be prepared to learn Edit: Yea also what the hell racism and nationalism are not interchangeable
There you go jumping to the extreme to assume all pro-Americans are bigots further proving my point. Edit: seriously how do you read my comment and think I'm talking about religious censorship?
Then your point is a irrelevant because you have confused correlation and causation.
Read the original comment. It simply says but if Americans do it they are called racists. You seem to be the one pushing two the groups together and your constant harping jus further proving the point that any pro-America comment is seen and attacked as racism. Source: your comments
No I'm saying people too quickly turn any pro-America comment into white-nationalism as you have done
So now you're playing stupid by pretending that the originally comment wasn't referencing accusations of racism for being pro-American. The accusations of racism backing calls for English speaking are rampant and I'm not wasting my time given any source will be dismissed as "rare" by you. As far your comments, you jumping from references to loving America to banning religions shows you combine the groups into one. Nothing I said indicated I want an all Christian country, not even a Christian myself. But you heard pro-America and felt a need to ask that question.
Read even these comments. Someone asked me if I wanted to censor religion because they weren't sure if I could be pro-American without hating non-Christians (not even Christian myself). you played identity politics by referencing military service as if that makes you more qualified to judge and love America. Your service had nothing to do with the conversation, like if you didn't serve would that me I should take you saying you love America less seriously? Hell no.
Jesus I knew you would grapple on to that. Someone telling me I want an all Christian country the response of "I'm not even Christian" is very relevant. When discussing the accusations of racism for being pro-American in a larger culture your particular service has no place in the discussion. If I was attacking you then yes personal defenses would be warranted but when you referenced your military service you yourself were not being discussed so your history had no place in the discussion. See the difference and how it's not hypocritical at all.
Actually they do, all the time. That's what we are talking about. This whole thing is about how pro American statements are seen as racist but if another country did it, it would be patriotism ei language.
Typical Internet argument. Finds the facts that support their argument and ignore those that don't. Is there anything about the current debate involving illegal and legal Mexican children in US schools you are unaware of? Is so ill keep talking but I'm not banging my head against a wall.
But correlation isn't causation and you've skipped the whole discussion. The idea that views when held by Americans are too often seen as radical and dangerous would be in other countries viewed as being patriotic.
You keep arguing the examples as if that's what we are talking about. The discussion and the language is an example of is that too often calls for Americanization are conflated with racism and radical nationalism.
Wait I just read the dumbest thing in your comment. Why the hell do you assume that learning English means abandoning their native tongue? Always with the dramatics, can't imagine a situation that isn't the worst iteration. Fuck you're stupid.
What you didn't see was the previous hook that pulled into the map from Oasis.
Try rereading the conversation see how phrases like "forced child to do things based on their parents nationalities" are ridiculous at best and criminally arrogant at worst. You show it yet again by saying I've not argued your points, the reason you feel this way you like most internet genius twist the conversation in your own head and then have that debate. Your confused because you're fighting an argument only you think is happening and I can't make point when you keep moving the goal posts.
Another internet genius who purposefully ignores the difference between spirit and words. Leave me alone and go whack while thinking about how smart Reddit makes you feel.
The idea that you think I hate anchor babies shows how shallow and incapable of understanding those who disagree with you, you truly are. You are a very lost cause.
You kinda seem like the "butt hurt" one
You Have a degree a in Reddit critical thinking?
"And chew bubble gum" -Abraham Lincoln
So people are really just saying both sides of the conversation
Que Internet video of old buzz knocking out a conspiracy theorist.
No you idiot that was God who said that. Right before he flooded the world to get rid of all the ungrateful shit stains who stopped sucking his dick.
Because your first thought isn't the kids about to die.
So you've just missed the whole point of the comment about how non parents (such as yourself) don't get it?
And none of that is they're lucky their kid didn't get themselves killed.
"Ok what does your internet history look like?!?"
Well the picture along with the "suggestion" which is clearly meant to gain social capital from people they do agree while at the same being dismissive and talking down to those they don't, is what gives it away to the rest of us.
Leftists want they're own trump. Someone who will lie to them and tell get everything they want to hear.
Cuz you get things like money to create and support a family and at least give back to society. Spending you're life playing one game amounts to literally nothing.
Except the thing is different because it requires nothing but wasted time and the only evidence is a single number a coder at blizzard could flip. A painting requires knowledge of how to paint. This is the equivalent of staring at a painting for a long period of time, it means nothing. The guy isn't even bragging about being good just being. Also you seem to very much trying to put some personal thing about working onto me so I'm done talking I didn't come here to yell at a 14 year old about how spending 1/3 of your waking hours playing Overwatch is a waste of time.
I didn't presume to tell this guy or anyone how to spend their time. I only said why people think it's stupid and waste. Stop reaching.
Nope because the benifit other can gain is so low. That's what it means to contribute to society. Do I need to actually explain how raising a family and having a full time job contributes immeasurably more to society than playing a video game.
I'm not judging, never do I tell this guy to "get a life or a job". I don't know anything about him. I'm just explaining why society as a being wouldn't respect this accomplishment.
But he won the majority of delegates. I'm confused, the single most united faction in the primary were those voting trump. It doesn't matter how many other there were because they could get along to fight trump and those who supported trump rightfully won. Like what is you point? That the Republican Party and their electorate the gave us president trump doesn't hold responsibility for his election?
Hey OP congrats on making it this far. In the comments I got in a "discussion" with someone about how society views time spent. I just wanted it to be clear I meant you no disrespect and I hoped you had a great time playing Overwatch cuz it is a fun ass game.
:)
I Apologize, quite a few people have been trying to explain to me it's not my business to tell him to live differently. I've just had to say things over and over.
The phrases poor man's wasn't referring to direct cost but rather the idea that it was a shittier version.
Can I asked why the downvotes? The guy isn't whoring out he's just saying if you like this content we have more I'd love to share. Like he's only saying I'm willing to link only if you want it, so what's the problem?
"Rest of the world", clearly has never been to Asia those fucking people love us.
Ask honestly a lot of the defaults are pretty awesome.
If you wanna get nsfw with it, the white girl being pink was also a racial reference.
Of course it would.
Honestly I thought it was better because of the build up to yoda fighting.
Tell me about how much you loved the rehash known as force awakens
Spawning is non-canon
You didn't read the article in its entirety and then commented criticizing it while missing a huge piece of information. So you actually you were being a cunt about it.
Questioning something when you've been given all the information but refuse to read is indeed being a cunt. You're no different than anti-vaccinations nutjobs or people who thought Obama was going to crown himself king. You're an idiot who can't read.
All I'm hearing is you confirming that you are indeed a cunt
Gotta shoutout to Apache
TD loves Sikhs, regardless of other racism they even call them "good turbins"
I thought we believed in the separation of church and state. Or does that only apply to Christianity?
Funny enough I don't really know any Americans who genuinely like wearing the American flag that like Russia
What's the joke? Cuz a I genuinely think they believe people are scared of Arabic.
It's weird how intelligent your acting but at the same time how incapable of drawing intent from actions. What these women are doing is very clear. Their intent is very clear. Now whether you support their message and their intent is a different conversation. But we all know their message and their intent.
Except I feel they are cramming white people/ English only speakers into a box of ignorant and racist.
Fair enough. I would like to point out that the last big case of that was a guy acting inappropriate on a plane but doing so in Arabic so he could blame it on racism.
Thank you for the expansion of my comment. Edit: Why the downvotes? The guy just expanded what I was saying, hence why I put good turbins in quotes, to highlight what a strange thing to say that was.
But see the left doesn't care about actual beliefs. They categorize people not by beliefs but by sexuality, race, region, and identity. So a Muslims can have the most right wing ideas. But they are welcomed into the left as a racial and religious minority.
My problem is that for all the anti-Islamic sentiment that exists in this country in the past few weeks alone every single high profile example of a hate crime has been shown to be false. For a country that has a problem with hating Muslims, the left sure has a problem finding actual examples of it.
But a huge majority are. I also used the context clue of them commenting of the creation of fear in white america, which is rooted in a fear of Islam. While I did make an assumption I don't think it's one that was out of line for this context.
I love how you don't see them speaking to white people only those who are offended but if someone says "Islam has a radical problem" you'd immediately assume they hate all Muslims.
Don't know to break this to you but it was just the British. America was just another English speaking territory until it and stood up and kicked their ass. The phrase "the sun never sets on the British empire" was around long before America became a powerhouse.
They are commenting on the perceived ignorance of white america that doesn't speak and therefore fears Arabic.
As a tracer/Lucio main I can't tell you how much I would love this.
Later for sure. He plays the games and then gets good clips and writes material for them afterward.
Why'd you stop?
They are still crazy minimal. Like you almost can't do a study on them because of how few there actually are. And we have crime stats for demos like Blacks, Jews and trans that are through the roof.
First of all read the actual hate crimes, they are nothing. Like nothing at all, just harassment that people face with a twist made special for the person. Example, a women gets cat called but this she was wearing s hijab so the guy yells something anti-Islam on top of that. That's nothing. Next I'm a guy with a thick ass Arab beard and it's really a non-issue. Every now and then I get an extra hand swipe but as an American citizen it's really no real hassle. Idk where the hell you are from with and ID card that has your religion (and the wrong one at that). Also Europe is irrelevant we are talking about the United States. Next you assume more Arab people have it worse but you provide zero evidence. You even say your assuming. You're not allowed to assume something as severe as that.
Knows they have highest metal to body ratio, doesn't know how to make plural.
I've looked them up and there are almost zero examples of people being killed for being Muslim in a country of 320 million. And when you have murders at such low the numbers the people perpetrating the crimes are usually sick fucks not extremists. Example a Muslim man shot up a gay night club in Florida, but it wasn't cuz he was Muslim it was because he hates himself for being gay and happened to be Muslim. Next as someone from Kuwait maybe you should ask people in America about what it's like living here? And don't just ask people that will confirm your point of view. Example, a girl at my university did an ethnography to study whether our campus was safe for Muslims. She interviewed Muslim students asking if they felt safe and they all said no. Yet not a single one of the students could name a single incident of being harassed for being Muslims themselves or a single act of violence against any Muslims student. They just "felt" unsafe, which means without evidence they fell for the narrative of being unsafe. I'm sorry you have a religion ID card but that's not America.
You won't take my statements at face value yet you assume murders not even proven to be hate crimes to be hate crimes. Also you won't take my stories seriously but you ask me to take your stories seriously when you mention your own experiences. You are demanding a higher level of authentication for facts you don't like than those you do, until that changes there's nothing I can say.
Please everyone has known forever that you don't post things on the internet you don't want shared. This has been known since like the late 90s.
That's under the huge assumption all of this is one place and controlled by one entity.
All the information is given to them so no I don't see a problem with it.
Welcome to human society. Just because you don't like cars doesn't mean Henry Ford is evil for inventing them.
No because people have trader their privacy and the privacy of their loved ones for a social networking site.
You agree to the term if service.
Yea but if I'm getting ice why would I also need cold water?
If you think people are crazy for not believing something with no facts then you are crazy.
Actually plenty of jobs expect a car for reasonably transportation. Sure you can get to work by biking but it doesn't really work when it's storming or snowing or when you don't want to take forever to get to work.
Classic Reddit debater, has a great imagination when it comes to proving his point and absolutely none when it comes to imagining how they might be wrong. I'm done talking to your stupid ass please don't comment again.
Ashoka is not a Jedi.
Personally I'd be rather upset. Star Wars is the story of the Skywalkers. I wouldn't want to focus on a different Jedi line at all. Also if it's not a child of lukes it ruins the whole chosen one thing as well.
The senate is far taller than a measly 5'10.
Does it qualify as a 76 dad joke if it uses naughty language?
The original is of Lucy and supposed to Lucy unleashing her full power with all thirteen keys
The thing is most people who browse this sub are good players by there is such a huge number of terrible attackers. There are so many people that spam I need healing right after watching the healer die or something similar. So yes you're right as someone who likes Overwatch enough to regularly visit a sub on it you're not who people are broaching about. But then avian you're a tiny fraction of who plays so there's that.
Upvote for the team respect
Prepare to be disappointed by how you contributed now
Then you will never truly main Doomfist because Doomfist loves his yogurt.
I mean when facing off against other meis she even says "I'm putting a rock in this one"
Stop letting people get away with the idea that not voting for Hillary when she was the only person could've who beat trump absolves them of guilt for his election. It was that logic that got us Bush and Iraq and now trump and religious immigration bans. This ridiculousness on the left of voting for the lesser of two evils being some form of conundrum needs to go.
What part was bullshit again?
"I won't respond" In a response. Color me confused
Responds yet again.
I hate when people rate 0-100 but never drop below 75, why do you have all of those extra numbers?
Isn't that why Anakin grows so angry, because what is being asked of him is so boring?
Honestly I don think this one is that bad. They aren't yelling or telling people not to do it they're just saying why they don't like it. It's similar to someone requesting to be called she/he when it's not obvious verses screaming oppression because of a simple mistake.
Im sorry but I'm going to deeper than you guys. None of this besides the name is the professors job. The assignment is due Monday, you turn that shit in on Monday. If you can't do it you need to get excised by your dean from all your classes because something pretty serious must be going. You're nervous about speaking in front a class? Honey that's the point of the assignment, if you can't do it for whatever reason than you are incapable of fulfilling the course and you should drop because you don't deserve credit. With note taking the biggest skill is deciding what information gets written down. Also he professor has lots of stuff to teacher in a short period of time and if they are going fast it's because there is a lot to cover. Students who are terrible at learning in lecture are usual tries trying to write every single thing down.
Perfect example. I'm a senior in compe and we have all learned to passively pay attention to our professors and get the gist of what is being said.
Nah I like the consistency. It's good to able to tell who is who frankly some of the skins are so out there it'd impossible to tell.
And is tyt any different? They're views spikes when they went hard left and started pandering hard to the Bernie crowd.
I'm sorry but how is this any different than when the right points to a Muslim attacker and says see they are a problem? We have a guy who did something horrible and holds certain beliefs. As liberals we should be totally against pinning his actions on everyone and that can be placed in the same box as him. Like seriously the_donald does this every day!
Nowhere in my comment did I meant politics I discussed legality.
Exactly. A discussion on their duty as an institution of education I actually agree with you.
Non-white non-Christian here. You're a bigot and a racist and your school is a cesspool.
By that logic anyone in the bottom 80 percent of America who wants universal healthcare should be dismissed as a selfish asshole
It's the flip of the right wing point of view. They "it's a smart business to get a tax cut but freeloading to use Pell grants or food stamps". The left just flips the logic.
Respecting the man and office are different things. If I meet a seating president I'm calling them Mr. President as should you.
Panty shots of one of the few dope female characters that's also very underage
Yea on the bright side people got pissed very quickly and I'm hoping they cut it out
Because they are brown and criticizing brown cultures or holding them up the same standards that produce the constant bitching about America and Christianity is racism.
They bitch at anyone with as R next to their name.
Maybe a hood or a scarf.
This is the internet where if you say one thing I don't like I assume a whole lot of other stuff about you and then rant at you without verifying what I think I know about you.
That's why I think boruto is so good. It's so similar to naruto with being a rehash. It's respecting the generation we love without ruining the new kids.
The manga design is different than the film. It's Momo without question, don't say things you aren't sure about as if they are fact.
Himawari literally one shotted that Demi-God.
Fairy tail starts amazing and then flies down hill. Enjoy the first 100 or so episodes but know it won't stay that way.
Can I ask what that is?
I'm sorry but the complaints about the drop rates appear to be from the "never happy" crowd. The problem with your logic is that you assume there a threshold for no complaining that doesn't essentially wipe out the insensitive for playing more to earn skins or to buy loot boxes. Legendaries are meant to be rare. You aren't supposed to have all four legendaries for all six of your mains. It's not magnetically possible for an event that has say 11 legendaries for them to be dropped at a high enough rate for normal gameplay to guaranteed the three skins you want without making loot boxes obsolete.
Prepare yourself for the onslaught of liars claiming "I don't care how many other people have the skin, I want it for just me"
And the people angry they aren't getting enough cosmetic only features that will be irrelevant with the next event aren't pathetic?
I'm not a fan of whiners who think them getting exactly what they want all the time is somehow a good thing.
And your just another consumer demanding as much as you can for your dollar. You in particular are not owed anything.
Definitely shino claiming to be mischievous.
For honestly it was the boruto movie. I knew the series and had seen some episodes but the movie really made we want to understand everything.
I see no difference.
Ana "back off!", so sassy
The hokage was the worst by every measure. Under him naruto was abused, one of three great a sanin when full pedo/child child killer, the uchihas were eradicated and his buddy donzo ran around ruining everything (such as the akatsuki right under his nose.
If I was kushina and minato id be so damn pissed. We died to protect the village and no a single one of you people could even let our child know we loved him? Let alone give him a home to call his own. Like the poor kid legit never knew who even he was ever worth anything to anyone.
Meh by that logic way more people should be up there. Kushina, Hiruzen, the frog sages, kurama, the list goes on.
For Shiki it appeared that he could absorb with one eye and expel with the other.
I disagree, there was an attack to destroy the village that he directly himself stopped.
Again how is a fake black leader of a fake black nation empowering? Nothing you said actually answers specifically how this movie actually empowering and not fantasy.
As a Jewish Malaysian who was born in America (essentially a one in a million person in the world, literally look us up we barely exist) the idea that people need to look like you to feel powerful is weak and pathetic because you limit your personal vision to those that share superficial characteristics with you. Edit: you salty racists who only can see idols in people of the same skin tone are pathetic and you'll always be left in the dust by people who are not as bigoted you all.
First if you can't make the points without citing a persons race than its a crap argument. Too often I see arguments like this one that are pure emotion but make no real point as to why it's actually empowering. Second I'm glad you've assumed my racial heritage through my political stances you bigot. Third I'm saying fake stories of POC doing well aren't empowering and you can't even explain why they are. The closest you can do is try to prop up one person as the ambassador of the black people and ask that I take his word as gospel rather than actually argue your point like a normal not race based debate.
But we are talking direct attack. Jiraiya for example was no where to be seen when orochimaru attacked.
It's literally dangerous to be a Jew is Malaysia. It's dangerous for me to visit family. There are actual on the books laws against non-Muslims and non-Malay people in the county today. Also In America I get screening as a Muslim for being of Muslim heritage. The idea that African Americans have it as bad as actual governmentally and legally other countries around the world show how little you know about actual oppression. Typical SJW, whines about oppression but knows nothing about countries that about ban people from office based on race.
We have people of color in all levels and positions of power. After 8 years of the most powerful man in the world being a black man with a Muslim name, how exactly do I need a fake guy from a fake country to normalize my existence and most related to the discussion how does it empower me and people like me in the reality?
How is she empowering? Are we ever going to combine men and women's athletics into a single division because Wonder Woman showed us women aren't physically inferior to men? WW is the same way a fake story about a fake thin women being physically stronger than the men around her.
There you go with your bigotry again. I love black panther thought he was badass in civil war and can't wait to see Michael B tear it up. I'm arguing that this movie isn't empowering not that it isn't going to be awesome. Don't assume things unrelated based on my political opinions.
That part I agree with you totally. In fact my first comment is about how I think the art and reign of a futuristic Africa is awesome cuz of how rarely we see it. I only took issue with the idea of empowerment.
Again exciting from an artistic perspective not a real world empowerment. With the black leaders in positions of power I fail to see how a fake guy is helpful. Also I fail to see fantasy is empowering. You are again avoiding explaining how it's empowering and discussing everything the kitchen sink. Don't tell me about perceived excitement, explain why it's empowering.
As an actual black person commented you're just a white person assuaging you white guilt by over celebrating a black guy in tights.
Again because of people like you minority kids feels they can took up person as a role model. I know the studies and I've lived the life and it's pure racism to support the idea that black people need other black to feel validated in pursuing greatness. And again as usual you say nothing g specific just grand sweeping comments. Nothing pertaining to this movie or discussion. Learn to talk about the points at hand without going full 400 years of slavery.
But again overall you aren't explaining how this movie is empowering. You have yet to discuss specifics. It's a huge problem with your argument, you conflate black super heroes with black representation. But then you never come back to the movie at hand. You go big for the purpose of rhetoric but then never come back down to complete your point. Some black representation can be good but you can't use that to then all is good.
Validation doesn't make my point refutable but not actually defends the movie they just go off on a different tangent.
What are theses spaces people don't feel allowed?
Again the discussion has been moved the from the original point which wasn't whether representation matters but whether a fake story of a powerful African nation is empowering. Everyone keeps changing the subject slightly with each comment and then attacking the slight chance to try and make me look stupid. The idea that wakanda is a secret advanced civilization in Africa isn't empowering because it doesn't exist.
First people keep changing the discussion with each comment rather than address my point. A fake black nation that is more advanced that all majority white nations isn't empowering because no such country exists. Second your point only stands to go against said grain if there is even a shred of reality to the movie.
Also like every other idiot in this thread you have done the typical Reddit thing where the discussion gets changed slowly over the course of many comments to a point that easier for you to defend. My original point was this, a fake Black Country with advanced technology is not an empowering story because no such county exists. Empowering stories are ones that push a reality not a fantasy.
You missed how real the portrayal is. Don't conflate any depiction of black achievement with fake super powers. You can't claim because a with mystical powers is on the same level as decades ago envisioning a black president. One is vision the other is fantasy, vision is empowering fantasy is empty.
Except the fantasy of super powers negates that. The for something to have relevance in real world stereo types you need some semblance of reality. And I'm sorry but no African country is secretly a power house of secret technology. You drawing connections between two types of art that share nothing but Blake leads and I find that very racist.
A lot is not true.
No an empowering piece of art isn't created by simply making a main character a good black guy. It's cheap and exploitative. Truly empowering work requires far more. A super hero in a fake country is too far disconnected from reality to be empowering and not simply exploitative and in the realm of "oh look black people tell us how great we are for giving them a movie in 2018"
I just think the word empowering has a great amount of weight and shouldn't assigned every time a black man shows up on screen.
Your specific problem isn't their concern.
It a mix For 100 meters shorter is better for 200 m longer is better. It was originally thought bolt would only excel at the 200m due to his height.
But with lost things solving a problem one way creates more in another and your specific problem just doesn't seem to be that wide of an issue.
It maybe it's been used as a marketing tool for black exploitation.
The problem is they have but people (like you) will always complain.
Every version of society I've ever seen is like this but in non-capitalistic a societies we don't have the yard stick of money to tell exactly where all the wealth is going.
They're welfare ain't gunna change that, that's mathematical fact.
Why should the janitors get paid more rather than address malaria? A janitor at Microsoft in be grand scheme of the world and in humanity has an amazing life. Why waste wealth making someone's life marginally better when there huge issues to tackle?
You don't understand society should value all people equally all the time.
It's incredible how someone who openly admits to knowing literally nothing about the any of the subjects being discussed tries to explain why the people involved are both lazy and stupid.
Genuinely believe that's a lie or a heavy exaggeration.
As the child of an immigrant from Malaysia yea I find it hard to believe. None of the shit he is describing I have ever encountered even in deep rust belt territory. Hell I've even gone as a non-Christian to lots of Christian/church community events and it never once was an issue with the people there or my personal identity as a non-Christian. Only once have I ever had to say "that was too churchy for me" and even the person apologized and we moved on, no big deal. The pure fact that he doesn't have many white friends says to me he probably sucks as a person and has zero friends. There are a lot of white people in the US and not having any as friends is a huge red flag. Edit: Malaysia is a Muslim country incase you did know
Well since I've never seen evidence of such extreme racism in my life in my vast experiences I'm going to assume an anonymous COMMENT on Reddit isn't telling the whole story, especially when it is full of huge red flags indicating something else is going on. You're angry I'm assuming things but your doing the same, the difference is my assumption is informed by fact while your is informed by a gut need for America to racist.
Ah yes the typical Reddit response, nothing of substance and all salt
Only people I've ever seen beat the shit out of other people for clothes were definitely not in the 1 percent.
But luckily unlike Korra they are planning to have the show last. Korra suffered heavily from the idk if we'll have a next season so we'll be both open ended and conclusive.
Manipulation in this context isn't magic or jutsu, it's straight up human interaction. In that sense Nagato was no more of a God than you or I.
First the more you talk the more I'm convinced you're a white person who hates on America cuz it's cool in your liberal circles. You're the one citing internet comments as anecdotes. The problem you have is you believe you are right so you any evidence supporting you Internet comment or otherwise as true and see my stories and the experiences of most Immigrants to anecdotes. Honestly idiotic a like you is why trump won.
Sarcasm, I was using sarcasm.
Doesn't this make it worse? Like dude is down an eye and even then he's using his remaining one to read.
The last fuller arcs do an excellent job of showing him grow as a man into a hokage.
I mean the guy is being an ass but do you really not get his point?
But it's not cuz the first person is describing being upset at the dog being put down because it's pregnant not that a dog is a being our down. The jackass is saying why does aborting puppies bother you and not human babies? The death of mother in both situations is irrelevant to the discussion. So no you're not describing how they're being ridiculous you're describing how you don't understand their point.
Either way euthanizing the mothers isn't part of the discussion. You don't seem to get that. It's all about how the original poster is admitting that abortions feel wrong but when it's puppies.
Plot, they wanted to show a serious hospital scene.
Honestly it's so fucked how they're dressing her. One thing I've always loved about naruto is the minimizing of fan service.
So essentially what you just did?
You literally said you wanted other content. The response was post it. The salt is justified given you're whining on someone else's post to do something you should be doing yourself. Man up, say "your right I should make the content I want to see" and then give us some damn Sakura/sasuke art. Or not, it's up to you.
By remarking what you actually mean is complaining but not doing anything about it. Also lying about complaining. Like your the typical whiny ass with your "I'm not complaining BUT ....(then proceeds to complain)". Then when told "hey how about you post the stuff you want" you respond with "I'm not complaining I just don't like are the Naruhina shit (literally a complaint)". If you want something different contribute, if your not going to contribute shut up. Pretty simple.
They kinda touch on this with naruto not knowing how to interact with his son. For him his father never existed and when he did Minato was this amazing hero figure that naruto could do nothing but look up to and admire. He literally has zero clue about the friend/brotherly aspect of being a father, he only knows how to be a leader to his son.
English mother fucker, do you speak it?!?
Wooden spoon incoming.
It's a Sam Jack quote
There is a way for a society to creat cultural pressure that snuffs out these types of people. Not every country or region of every country is having problems with Muslim extremism and they all share very similar traits.
Yes but we admit in liberal circles these people are fucked up and need to go. The problem is we can't say that when it comes to Islam.
Japan. Poland. Korean. Many states in the US.
Mainly because nothing's actually been exchanged. Just because a bug occurs doesn't mean you need to pretend it's not an error. Just say sorry that's not what was meant to happen.
Already answered
You've never been an American around Europeans then. It's a well known thing that we put Canadian flags on our back packs when we travel to avoid harassment.
Yes but the two are related. Christianity's stance on abortion is not independent from abortion bombers even if they don't approve of the bombing directly. Same thing with Islam. I'm just judging everyone equally. Does this at least make sense? Like I'm not saying all Muslim or Christians are terrorist but they are non-independent of each other. Countries with low Muslim populations have low levels of radical Muslim terrorism. Same for Christians.
You kinda proved my point not yours and I correct sniff to snuff.
The real issue is with the empowerment message and this is just another example in a long list that all of this love yourself stuff is just profiteering. Like the most basic thing required for a clothing line to be empowering for women should be that it doesn't abuse women to be made, like that's the bottom line.
What if you own a business. I genuinely I'm terrified for the plumber who might have his whole livelihood rekt by a week on the bench.
This America, we make bad choices and then blame everyone else. Like their isn't a person in this planet that thinks McD's is healthy but people still go there in mass.
Holy fuck t-swift is on Spotify?!? There goes my day.
Eating out. People waste so much money because they know how to cook.
That's a terrible comparison. For one these artists aren't making the movies for the critics so them not liking it doesn't matter.
That place creeps me out
I'm sorry but I don't buy that. None of us have decided to run down people exiting a mosque because an extremist Muslim ran down people on the side walk. I don't see why the reverse is true just because they're Muslims.
You mean life? I can't tell you how many anti-vaccers I know that think people who don't get the basic science of climate change are idiots.
I like the spirit of that line of thinking. Naruto's like it's time for me to get mine.
Idk why you're getting downvoted. Even in gaiden Sarada never mentions how angry she is with her father except when confronting him directly. Boruto on the other hand whines at lunch to his friends, your point makes perfect sense.
Yup, but the rules of story allow for it anyway.
What does naruto mean in Japanese?
See what you should've done instead of pick a healer was go hanzo and miss the enemy with a scatter arrow by hitting the floor and get rewarded for missing with an insta-kill. #fuckthescatter
I feel like they go back and forth. For example in the second episode iwabe gave a while speech about how "Lord Seventh is the strongest shinobi ever"
Hence the tension between him and boruto.
Every day when you wake up and don't have to worry about the draft effecting you or anyone you love thank the south.
That's a stupidly broad statement that is simply not true. First in the real world most leadership duties are "administrative". Second I don't think you know what "administrative" even means. Example: We need to come up with a financial viable route for medical supplies into reach the hidden sound village due to flooding. You want naruto to go "nah fuck them and their medical supplies I only care about dropping tailed beast bombs". And third rather than enjoy the story you seem hell bent on whining cuz for whatever reason naruto making missteps in his personal life bothers you on a fundamental level. You aren't driven by reason no matter how much you claim to be.
Well it stems from the fact that an ugly silent type is assume to not have chosen that path while an attractive person may have.
"I can't get an attractive girl so I'm going to convince myself all of them have lots of terrible traits so when I am stuck with ugly women my whole life I can pretend it's by choice"
Sounds like something a pathetic redditor would do, so yea you probably did.
How about take care of yourself?
What the fuck are you talking about?
The law of thermodynamics lets me know they don't work out a lot.
Yea you are, come on admit it.
Oh my god you are like terrifying levels of pathetic.
You really need to stop talking about sex with 14 year olds, it's creepy as shit.
Calls me cute and little and sends me smiley faces while trying to get me to be ok with pedos, dude are you trying to prey on me cuz I think I'm older than you'd prefer.
Wow pedo, just wow
AND now the premise of the series is that the hokage is too busy to have time to be a good father, why can't you accept that? Also naruto has wanted to be hokage his whole life, not a father so there also that. As far attacking you personally it's because you are projecting your person needs for the series and claiming everything is objectively wrong rather than admitting you personally don't like it.
Fat got you down?
Nah my moms a badass who in her fifties can ride hundreds of miles on her bike in any terrain at almost any altitude, but good try. Can do ironmans as well. P.S. Probably why I'm not fat either.
I think you put into words a lot feelings people who are called "Islamaphobic" fail to say. It's not that Quran or Islam is inherently bad but there is a part of the culture the is pervasive throughout the word that needs to look inward and change.
I mean they are violent snowflakes. They are a group of far left nutjobs who are motivated to violent by inconsequential words. Why is someone being violent mutually exclusive with them being sensitive, in my experience they are related.
Yea it's clone justsu not shadow clone, they can't actually done anything:
I've seen a clip where it's moving, I think it's an OVA
You're whole attitude and wording ie "I guess" shows how little you know about what being in the service means to the people that protect our country.
That's such a situational status of safe for a law is meant to honor those who protect our country in perpetuity.
Things have not gotten worse. I don't know where people get the impression that we aren't living in the safe test time in human history to be alive. Also just because one people fight wars for money and two you're safe now doesn't mean you're aren't going to need protection in perpetuity. The reason you are so safe is because no government no matter how greedy would dare fuck with you and that's because of our men and women in uniform. Take NK for example, the reason those crazy people don't do anything is because our military would drop the hammer on them. You're safe not because no one wants to hurt you or take what you have, you're safe because no one would dare try.
I like how you assumed I don't know the difference rather than I made a typo.
What time frame are you discussing because the world is safer than it has ever been, especially for Americans. That is fact. A law about veterans is meant to be about all the service they have given over 250 years and will give in the future. Your feelings on a 7 year period in a discussion that reaches back to our founding and then forward in perpetuity has zero relevance.
So wait are saying those who have served can't spell?
Yea not getting into it with someone idiot on Reddit over wether assuming veterans can spell is right or not. I'd say have a nice day but you seem like a vile individual.
Men
This is best cosplay I've ever seen. Usually something is slightly off, like the sizing of patterns, the quality of small pieces but this is (IMO) live action quality.
Just want to say I agree, based on the song I was expertly something about naruto and crew protecting the village.
Oh please the third parties show up every four years with a crap candidates like Johnson and Stein and go why isn't anyone voting for us?!! Or you have people like sanders who never would join a party until it's time for him to try to actually do something (aka get elected outside of Vermont).
And so it begins again. Jews have always been persecuted for being viewed as a privileged minority. Now again this new movement who hates privilege seeks to stamp them out again.
So the issue with people being gullible. I never assume people are original posters, I upvote what I like. And since I don't see the person IRL is doesn't matter to them or anyone else.
First Palestinians as a people are not ok with homosexuality that's fact. Two they are fine with Muslim gay flags. Three as a Jew it blows my mind that you don't see the age old "Jews are the privileged few and that's why we hate them" creeping up again.
If you don't generalize at some level you can never have a conversation. Basic statements like gays are oppressed are huge generalizations but I don't see anyone taking issues with those. Did I say all Palestinians, no I just said as a people which is true, there's no two ways about it. But it appears you are one of the people we make fun of on this sub so keep talking I might just submit your response cuz I come here laugh not hear some idiot justify not being upset at Palestine's horrible track record with gays.
Exactly! One of the great Hashirama lines was "To protect our, no MY dream" as he stabs Madaraa in the back. At this point he realized Madaraa was not the man he once was.
Please enlighten me.
this is joke right? like four chapters to go right after pulling what I think is the greatest ass pull of the series with gramps coming back to life and you are genuinely concerned somehow two staple characters are about to bite the dust?? come on now
I don't believe this but here's the answer. Not wanting you to take the life of a baby does not mean I am on the hook for paying for your health. Analogue: I don't want you to be able to kill a man walking down the street, but just because I think it should be illegal for you to kill him doesn't mean I now need to buy him lunch.
That's one way to live life.
No we're tired of loser complaining like losers after they lost.
I looked at the guys comment history and I found arguing that women aren't libertarian because they are too emotional.
Your anger shows how pathetic you are at defending your own shit arguments. Btw I'm surprised your superior intellect couldn't tell I miss typed again women. But then again you supported Bernie and are using pseudo science so you really aren't that bright.
Even better Chinese cartoons
It was tho
Read the title of the thread.
What's wrong with Clariel?
With a shitty little laser gun no less
Buffed Kamui? Kawaki RIP
Ah cuz I thought her sexuality was done well. It was piece of her greater character. But alas either hero or bust.
I think it was because Nagato knew literally nothing about Sage mode and naruto knew everything about the Rimmegan. Remember Naruto took out two of the six pains by using Sage techniques Nagato didn't know where possible.
I actually don't mind be chase for some reason subtitle cursing doesn't have the cheapening effect dub cursing would. But that's just me.
Widow disagrees.
I'm a half and half and I find all of this whining nonsense.
Without clicking the link, it's the ass poke one isn't it?
So lots of hairy dicks and balls.
I think you're too worried about what other people think. Have your opinions and your reasons and present them. But being worrying about people's reactions to your opinions is a little too much for me.
Things like "I'll finish this in one move" really make it feel like it on going.
