Its all connected at this point. Jontron, Gamegrumps, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls... Its forming the ulti-fandom RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
The President: Dang nabbit not on an election year!
Shhhhhhh! Spoilers!
Nope. No humens allowed.
They started by destroying our greatest superhero... Florida Man.
I'm wondering if it has too to be a living planet. What about Mars or Mercury?
The plot thickens...
Don't worry guys, looks like Hawaii is still safe and sound!
Those are Roses feet you son of a bi- gun.
She may have also forgotten to clear her browser history, but that's a story for another day...
Almost every Telltale game ever.
If I am remembering right one of the plans in Invader Zim involved hollowing out the earth...
Hmmm. Giraffe mom still takes it.
Definitely. Whether its Star Wars or some other fictional universe its always good to know that there is something familiar to go back to every once and awhile. Poor Lucas. His hearts always been in the right place.
Uncanny Valley effect. Even as a kid, Jar-Jar and Grievous just made me feel... weird. The final fight between Grievous and Obi-Wan in particular makes me feel wierd...
Never.
Ugh, it's called Life Day throughout the rest of the galaxy. Get it right, geeze.
They're like Pokemon. BIRDMOM I CHOOSE YOUUUUU!!!
That makes a lot of sense actually... I don't think she ever specifically says she made it, just that everything there was super advanced.
CHAAAAPPPSSS, NO!
So far I get the feeling that Pearls are more like Butlers or personal assistants rather than indentured servants or slaves. I was pretty surprised to see how much personality Yellow Pearl had and I imagine she may have a lot of pride in her role as Yellow Diamonds servant and confidant. Just because you're someone's servant doesn't automatically mean your life is miserable. Butler and personal assistant are high paying career paths for a reason. On that note, Pearl took her service to the next level by taking up arms for Rose like a knight or a samurai. Hmm... Now if I could only tie in Lil'Butler....
Hot damn. I've seen a ton people take the OPM theme and put it over a new background, but yours is handily the best. Kudos man.
I think it's implied that gems have some sort of religion, because of the moon goddess statue and all that business. From looking at it, it seems to be humanoid and is *holding* a gem, rather than having one on its body. I've always had an inkling that the lunar sea spire might have some significance we haven't heard about, or not, who knows. It's also worth noting that MAGIC exists in this universe so literally anything is possible. Maybe they were created by the Sneeple or some other extra-dimensional beings...
Isn't this also the temple where some kind of battle between Rose Quartz and White Diamond is depicted? The statue may be allusion to that or maybe it's all an elaborate tomb? Also, what was their reason for going there again? I can't remember...
I kinda miss the "monster of the week" format they used to have. I mean, the plot-heavy arcs are awesome, but I'm not a fan of the "impending doom" style of motivation to move the plot forward. A little more focus on the alternate timeline human culture would be cool too. I'm really curious about this Empire City... and Ocean town... Keystone Caverns...
Hmmmm. I see what you mean. When I think about it the reason I liked that format it was because I was rewatching it after I had seen the newer episodes. There are so many clues and such in the old episodes that you really start to appreciate when you see the newer ones. For example, you can see Connie's glow bracelet in "Gem Glow," but you wouldn't understand its significance until "Bubble Buddies." The Shooting Star in "Monster Buddies" is used to blow up the galaxy warp in "Winter Forecast." Or the murals we see in "Serious Steven" that become much more significant as the story goes on and we learn about the rebellion. Basically, I like that there are a lot of seemingly trivial things we see in the background of the earlier episodes that turn out to be super important in the later episodes. I miss the feeling of revelation I guess.
Yeah, but when you look at the mural in the moon base you can speculate on which it could be. We know which is Yellow Diamond and Blue Diamond because we've seen them. We can assume that the other one we've seen, the one that is white with spiky hair, is White Diamond, which would then match the one from the Pyramid Temple.
I dunno, I feel like they nailed the neck too.
Dragon Warrior
They don't contribute at all to the main story if that's what you're wondering. Still good reads though. I love the art and it takes me back to when I was younger and used to read all my dad's old comic books. There's not a lot of plot, just the characters from the show in cute/funny situations.
If I remember correctly Blizz wanted to put them in during BC, but decided it was too soon for a new class and waited until WOTLK to give it a try with Death Knights.
Well, from a storytelling standpoint it seems like a convenient way to make Thrall less of an all powerful Mary-Sue character. As for the logical reason, I feel like we don't have enough context. Maybe they're trying to tell Thrall that Garrosh wasn't his fault or that Thrall shouldn't rely so much on their power. Maybe he's just out of mana.
He's out of mana.
Get to at least level 60 and pick up two professions. You'll learn to play, commit to the class you want, and get the one of the better leveling experience. 1-60 is pretty fun, but 70-85 is a bit of a slog. 85-90 is pretty good and 90-100 is probably the best overall.
It's obviously satanic and occult imagery designed to brainwash our society's children to be godless pagan heretics that worship witchcraft and superstition. [I mean come on guys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ0sZ2Or9oc) *Heavy sarcasm* Just in case.
The Lich King also has personal beef with Kil'Jaeden because they created him through some messed up methods and then tried to enslave him.
We're all just pawns to The Lich King's ultimate plans, however, convoluted or long term they may be. I see The Lich King as an entity that is separate from Ner'Zhul, Arthas and Bolvar, maybe like a melding of all their different personalities, with Ner'Zhuls being them most dominant. Bolvar might be keeping him in check for now, but I feel like its a battle that will ultimately be lost. To sum it up, I think that's The Lich King talking, not Bolvar.
I could see them coming back when Legion forces invade old zones. I mean, what else would they do? Drop armies of level 110 demons into a level 30 zone that is supposed to take place 5 years ago?
I mean, I'm pretty sure hair doesn't ripple like that. Also, gem clothes are part of their bodies so wouldn't it technically be her hair anyway?
Like is a relative term. I mean I like Jasper because I like villains more than heroes a lot of the time and from what I've seen of Jasper she's one of my favorite character. That might change as soon as she get more than about 5 minutes of screen time but that's the thing. I don't really like Lapis because she's only been bitter and miserable so far, but that might immediately change as soon as she's back, who knows.
You missed the pearlgasm from Stronger Then You.
I think the conversation Garnet and Pearl had when they were about to be smushed is pretty telling. Even though she is independent by Pearl standards she's still more of the take order type rather than the give order type.
Twist, its Mr. Smiley.
*sigh* Yup, that must be what I sound like when I talk about MY [favorite musician](https://twitter.com/AurelioVoltaire?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)...
The best *God of War clone* that was actually a complex fantasy RPG strategy, where Jack Black voices a Jack Black who wishes he was as cool as Jack Black.
Judging by the way people look at me when I try to explain who he is we must be some kind of race proto-hipster abominations. Glad to hear someone else who knows who he is though. Actually kinda made my day.
Wow. Pearls regeneration was far more drastic than I realized.
I have a 13 year old sister who claims she hates the show. Yet whenever I come home from college all the episodes I have recorded on the DVR are on the credits. Truly a mystery.
Literally super saiyen.
Ducklord#1570 (Alliance) Need Pandaren I have: a gnome, nelf and human.
Super Saiyan.
Two things. We need someone to put together a gallery of these. I hope this trend continues.
I saw a bunch of these marked down at a failing mall bookstore once. There are few things I regret as much as I regret not buying them all.
Eh, the college she went too was pretty racist too. It's more like she went on a study abroad trip and came back as a self righteous activist.
Get 3 P/P Nexus Whelps. Then everything = dead
True, what I'm trying to say is its a team that everyone should have, since it can obliterate most things in the game.
Why not both?
It's a cult! A *genestealer* cult! While we're at it lets make sure the earth isn't a tomb world!
I mean, the episode where he finds the tape was kinda like him meeting her. She never got to meet him, but at least he got to see what she was like other than just seeing pictures of her.
I think you'll find that electricity comes in a variety of colors.
Interestingly enough some snakes will occasionally be born with vestigial arms or legs. Check and mate nerds.
Creative liberties aside, very nice work.
And yet Teen Titans GO! Is a thing and incredibly popular. Still I feel like the ratio has gotten better. And anything is better than that reality TV phase CN went through... Dark times... Couldn't be more stoked for the new Samurai Jack though. That was a masterpiece that deserves a proper conclusion.
It's Lapis. A conveniant cameo that lets us know a little more about her.
When Amethyst turned into Rose...
I think there's also a photo of a young version of him in Onions house.
COME ON AND SLAM!
The fire keeper reminded me of original timeless isle where you basically had a third faction running around killing people. Then they ruined it with an item that let you transform without being part of the third faction. : /
What are you talking about? Timeless Isle was only for max level players, meaning everyone would have been the same level. Thats what made it interesting because you could only earn the bloody coins on the Timeless isle. Then they ruined it by making an item that let you get bloody coins anywhere in the game and let you stay allied with your faction.
Robert Moran, the creator of this and Unforgotten Realms is actually still pretty active on YouTube and Twitch. He is doing some really cool live tabletop roleplaying streams where you can donate to start events and such. He also made a really good mod for Minecraft called Dwarvs Vs. Zombies and is making a few games of his own as well. Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/user/BruceWillakers
I go back to this at least once a year and binge on it for a week. Such nostaglia.
I agree, but I wouldn't put it past *certain* individuals in the Blizzard hierarchy.
Someone obviously doesn't understand how female armor works. The more exposed the higher your AC duh.
I too can eat lemons without flinching. It's a great party trick and a perfect way to freak out new roommates. I don't do it often because it's pretty bad for my teeth and the dentist told me to stop.
Right behind you.
People these days feel like it's the only solid conclusion to a characters is to kill them off. Personally I disagree, killing a character is usually lazy storytelling unless it has some significance to their character. Like a coward sacrificing himself to save his friends or a villain dying because they're arrogant.
I know what you mean, if you know none of the characters are in danger then what's the point? But what I'm saying is killing off a character to end their story is an increasingly common occurrence these days and a lot of the time it is a waste. Especially with villain characters. Too many stories end with "we murdered the big bad guy and his cronies, now everything is happy again." Look at how Avatar: The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra handles things. Those are great examples the main antagonists not just being killed off and often serving roles in later episodes. You have them join the good guys, being imprisoned and reflecting on their crimes, or just changing their ways and moving with their lives. To me it's just more compelling storytelling. The bad guys aren't necessarily just bad guys. They are people with different perspectives. Then again everyone I know says I have too much sympathy for villains. /shrug
YOU TRY WEARING THIS 300 LB. SET OF MALE ARMOR INSTEAD! IT SMELLS LIKE A LOCKER ROOM AND I CAN BARELY SEE OUT OF THIS DAMN HELMET.
Ya know... Pearl said that the place where they got the time thing would reform eventually right? Maybe that means we might see the time thing again as well...
Blizz has never made a game or expansion where they didn't cut something. It's part of the process. Chances are we would just bitch about it for some other reason.
I kinda peaked with guilds when Army of the Blue Wizard was rocking Emerald Dream. No other guild really lived up to the fun I had in that one and most just hardly ever did anything. I don't even join random guilds anymore because the invites are always too impersonal and I come back in a month and everyone's gone.
It's one of the reasons I find the show so satisfying. We don't necessarily have good and evil, we have groups with dramatically different perspectives. Even better we get to see the "villains" start seeing things from a different viewpoint and change their way of thinking.
Who's real name is Jesus.
You monster.
I would say it's the closest equivalent. It's the most intimate two gems can get so draw whatever conclusion you will.
Maybe Diamonds take a real long time to reform and it's like a bacta tank. Or maybe she was shattered. Or maybe the other Diamonds wanted her out of the picture. Or maybe it's an alien entertainment system, at least they aren't playing "computer games." All of these are probably wrong, but if it's right I will gloat soooooo much.
The first time I emerged into Winterspring after bubbling my wAy through that horrid Furbolg den. It was snowing and serene. I took off all my armor and took a break in a hot spring and then farmed firewater for the following week.
I leveled a paladin for the first time since tbc when I heard about the Ashbringer. I usually play a warlock and rogue
People say it's a reference to an episode of Futurama. The one where Bender gets mind wiped and they go to the bureaucrat place to get him back.
Ryuu-ga, Wa-ga-te-ki-wo, Ku-ra-u!
I'm gonna have a word with those fuckers from the wiki.
Fucking mimes man.
Reminds me of my shitty ex roommate that said we couldn't kick her out for smoking pot because she was pregnant.
Vroom!
There's a professor at my university that studies porn. He has an amazing mustache.
I've been playing for about 3 weeks and I use robust much more than ever before.
We'll call it: The Diverging Hunger Maze
Jesus, I'm glad I barely remember anything about being young. I remember going to Disneyland and seeing goofy for the first time, only to freak the fuck out.
Cause, ya know, Star WARS couldn't possibly be a war film.
Congrats, you win the dumpster diver of the year award! My dad is gonna get a kick outa this. He snags stuff at of the trash at work a lot because his work just throws away old stuff when it gets replaced so he's picked up a lot of nice radios, walkie talkies even a couple of slightly worn high quality office chairs. It's nuts what some people throw away. I'm curious how something like that got there though. Maybe it was just in someone's garage for a decade and they just wanted it gone. Shame really.
They burn themselves to death in city streets as a sign of protest. I would say they are literally capable of anything.
Why would I visit r/Turtlefacts? We're talking about tortoises!
Tell that to your son.
So... How did the raid go?
Wow is probably the most solid mmo experience on the market. It has some faults but I'd choose it over any other.
Certain races, like the orcs and gnomes, cannot commune with the light on the level that would allow them to train as a paladin. That's the lire reason anyway.
Poor fucking infantry.
Better than whatever is going on with shaggy and scooby....
Shield engaged!
Yes, Venom Ruby has seen some shit.
Suspiciously unreasonable naivety. "What do you mean I can't move into your apartment after a week and a half of dating? " "I saved this dog from the street today! I bought him from some hobo for 20 dollars!
Dragon's Dogma. Make sure you play it through more than once.
"Bang." Followed by astonished silence.
It's something I see all the time. Bums get ahold of dogs, usually younger ones, then visibly treat them poorly and then offer to sell them to people who walk by that look concerned. I meet a lot of college kids, almost always girls, who bought a dog off of some deadbeat on the street in an attempt to save it. Then they get overly attached to the poor mutts, which usually have behavioral problems, don't have shots or quickly develop serious health problems. I new one girl that almost sank thousands into vet operations until her boyfriend threatened to leave her and my shitty ex-roommate used to talk to this fidgety rat dog she picked up off the street for most of the day, like it was a person. I dunno, it upsets me how out of touch with how the real world works some people are... Though the latter example was one among many "creepy" behaviors.
Welcome to America, where built in portion control is a feature worth paying extra for.
Tell me about it. My dad has custody of my sister and he has to pay twice the amount he gets in child support back in alimony. Not that he'd ever see a child support check in the first place.
My highschool math teacher was amazing. "What do you want to be? Journalist? Cool, you don't need math. You've got a C, I'm gonna go ahead and give you an A. Don't take any more advanced math classes after this, the advisors are full of shit, they won't help you in college." "I know most of you don't want to be here. You're all in the advanced math class because there are literally no other classes available. Just pay attention for 15 minutes and spend the next 45 minutes doing the homework and socializing."
A portion of it is definitely Lapis' catharsis.
Mother. Fucking. Tenure.
Let's build a wall to keep those assholes off of our planet.
It didn't work because it wasn't tall enough!
Google Yandere.
My best guess: no one at the publication watches/cares about the show. They probably saw there was a discussion online about it and tried to weigh in for some views. Not to mention that all of the quotes are from other publications. There's a chance they just cobbled this together by reading other articles and watching part of the episode. Would explain the incoherent synopsis.
Ah, the bonerwave effect.
Lets throw in a repair mount, Jeeves and the argent squire, for good measure.
I'd agree with you, but, fucking curling.
Vampire! FUCKING RUN!
You sir, you are the hero this world needs.
Wow, no Mei? You bastard.
Ah, used her ult when the peepers showed up. I get cha.
It's Dead Rising all over again.
My apartment managers were going to raise my rent when I went to renew. I told them that if that was the case I would be moving to the place down the street instead. Later that day they told me I could keep my current rate and I also got a pretty big cash back check for a resigning bonus. Good thing I got that bartering perk and put so many points into charisma.
Still a better love story than Twilight.
I'm an alien and this guy is an alien.
He wa only trying to lion the mood! Lion the mood...!
I'm assuming their dialect contains an abundance of expletives as well.
He's a witch!
Tell those assholes to turn their shit music down. Most of the time they're older than I am.
Yeah, but how much budget does Orc costume really need? You need what, a couple of bones and some green paint? Other than that an Orc costume is just being mostly naked.
This is true.
Awwww she must be the cutest little serial killer in Skyrim.
I mean... They're basically the same game if you rreeaaalllyyy think about it.
It's soooo bad for your back, shoulder and neck though. Especially with the 50+ pounds of books you have to carry in highschool.
Careful! They're from the past! They might have old timey muskets or slap bracelets!
That and the actual game is as fucking ridiculous as it is in the show. So many one to two turn draw my whole deck instant win combos.
The easiest way to kill your friendship/relationship is to live with someone. Crazy doesn't help either. If it's any consolation that bankruptcy probably fucked her over for years to come.
I stole a gummy worm from one of those bins where you scoop up your own bag. I felt so bad I didn't eat it and actually threw up from the guilty feeling.
And then leaves the freezer!
Wow, who cleans up all the barf?
Shit like this is why I only tank during leveling now.
Followed quickly thereafter by Plague Dogs and after that, When the Wind Blows.
Jesus Christ, why is this so funny?
Only if Dwayne Johnson gets to be Uther.
Except for us. We were literally standing right there. Good thing none of us understand anything about Orc customs.
I hope we see stuff like this. I really wanna see some crazy tactics again like back in vanilla and tbc.
I'd say Rag is chaotic evil. He just wants freedom and to burn everything.
He really doesn't. He like to pretend he does but you can just feel it in his tone he's making it up and real just lucked out. Still, I like to believe that he did have some greater plan and chickened out. If not for Jar Jar than at least some other things like Grevious or Padme's nonsensical death. The prequel's production was such a clusterfuck I doubt we'll ever know the truth of it though.
Or both.
Like that time he thought was a vampire and became a meme. Ho boy.
Duh. We actually landed on Mars and were too embarrassed to tell anyone. You can't tell because the footage is black and white.
This one can really go either way. I mean, the universe is big. REALLY fucking big. I'm am absolutely certain life exists elsewhere, but we may never find it because of how big the space between us is. That said, maybe there is life that has found a way to travel such distances, maybe they stopped by or are on the way for a visit. Who knows.
It's deeper than you know... https://m.soundcloud.com/francis-lopata/giovanni-by-sakaki-moody-bidoofs-a-pokemon-song
"Nice try wise guy, but that's obviously an ape. Get out of my office."
Why is this so fucking funny...?
I am absolutely certain I will never have THAT kind of willpower. Seriously, HOW?! I wanted to vomit as soon as I realized where this was going....
Wow. This is gonna be even funnier when y'all see tomorrow's front page.
"Fly, you fool."
Well, that's why the picked the most dominant subspecies of human to develop a symbiotic relationship with.
If there was a level of gay beyond maximum,. Like Omnigay.
You'll get them back if they were quest rewards. If not you're outta luck.
If its the outland quest you're talking about, all of your characters will get a wolf head.
Aw yeah! Fuck end up old timer!
I swear they do it on purpose to get ad revenue or some shit.
I boosted a Nelf warrior with my WoD boost, but I switched servers and just use him to farm garrison gold. I might play him a bit in legion if I don't level a new warrior by then.
I just got over my first long hair phase. I just wasn't used to all the extra effort you need to put in to not look like a mess, especially since I have ultra curly hair. I got it cut when I went home from college for a week and was using my sisters shampoo/conditioner since I forgot my own. It was actually looking really good at that point and the lady cutting my hair was actually kinda upset I was going super short with it.
I do this almost every shower... I should see a therapist.
The world of crime.
I'd love to play it, but the barrier of entry is beyond me. I just stick to YouTube playthroughs.
Barney, The Dinosaur.
Oh thank god
Not really. The Gatekeeper kinda gave me the same vibe, but it's no where near as scary.
FTFY: Walmart even takes out life insurance on their part time minimum wage slaves ~~employees.~~
All you assholes won't stay out of the warrior order hall. Y'all just keep coming in like you own the place and beating the hell out of our dog and stuff.
That it's actually a giant egg.
Of course not, it's in glorious HD 3D.
I'm an editor at a college newspaper. Me and one of my writers were about to have an argument during a desk meeting when instead I went: "Nananaw shhhhhh...." and slowly pressed my finger to their lips. Everyone got quite for a moment and I laughed my ass off in my head realizing how that must have looked.
Savage.
I do. I was actually searching this thread for someone else who had.
Robots! For everyone!
Duck Dodgers.
Which is a shame, because it's such a cool show. One of the few that made me feel good about being a "big" nerdy guy as a kid. Heh.
Like, genuine nerdy excitement. Like, when someone is telling me about something they really like and I can see how giddy and happy it makes them. I guess just "giddiness" in general. Gosh it sounds weird when I try to explain it...
As a man with large, well proportioned hands, I can confirm they are very popular with the ladies. For reasons I cannot rightly comprehend.
What about like, 3 normal canines and one especially pronounced one? Specifically the bottom right one.
Your poor girlfriend. But clearly you are a man with your priorities in order.
Sure. But think of something you think you're good at, like really good. Being good at this thing is a core part of your identity and something that most people know you for. Now imagine someone came along that was so much better at this thing that they make you look absolutely terrible, like utterly trash. Now everyone else thinks you're trash and maybe even you yourself have started doubting how good you thought you were. Now imagine you also got the shit beat out of you for 48 seconds. Sure, you made good money, but one, your face probably hurts pretty bad, and two, your ego might be pretty sore. So you can see how everyone might handle that a little differently.
To be fair he was unsubbed for like 10,000.
Meh, I think abandoning is too strong a word. It's more like leaving them in a more suitable home instead of dragging them around or leaving them in Oaks lab. I dunno, it's been literally years but I was always felt pretty satisfied with what happened the Pokémon he left behind. Also, the show is in the weirdest spot where it's impossible to clearly define what is canon and what's not at this point, though I only bother reading plot synopsis every few months cause I'm a grown ass man now and can't justify watching anymore. I think my biggest gripe with Pokémon, it never really grew with the audience. Though the spin off series based on the original game and such were certainly a step in a good direction. Still have a hell of a time with the games though, so the flame will keep on burnin.
I reached a point where I could tell my abusive mother to fuck off after my dad worked up the nerve to divorce her. My life has gone dramatically uphill since. We hardly talk anymore, but when we do I only say about two words.
Man, that ending was so fucked up when you stop to think about it.
No, your whole family just dies and you may or may not have become a prostitute.
That we know of.
Yeah, I live in the area and my brother started growing at my mothers house. Half a dozen people dressed as fake police officers busted in and stole all their plants, valuables and a car. They zipped tied my brother but he broke out and called 911. No actual police ever even showed up.
Oh, I'm sure it was someone they knew behind it. Hell, I'm pretty sure the cops didn't show up cause my mom is nuts and basically calls the cops for fun, but it's a long and sordid tale. They were on the news though, which was pretty funny to me.
He's an asshole, but he brings warriors back to life, awards everyone else the Aegis of Aggramar and then is probably our single most powerful ally against the legion otherwise. Why you ask? He's probably the only Titan keeper that didn't lose massive amounts of his memory and as prime designate probably knows thousands of powerful secrets to keep Azeroth safe. That said, I am pretty sure he is gonna betray us or otherwise fuckup and release the old gods.
Yeah, I was surprised how smoothly it went. I started tanking dungeons for the first time this expac and only got kicked once because the group I was with didn't know the right strat and got angry at me for not doing it their way. Funny enough I saw their group listed after and it was still there almost half an hour after they kicked me and I had already finished it with another group.
Because one half is uber liberal and the other is a bunch holier than thou bible thumpers. We meet up every four years to fight over who runs the government. It doesn't always go so well.
Try reading some of the older versions. He basically threatens to kill him self if she even considers leaving his house.
Try the pair of eyes peering from bottemost drawer.
So are the eyes peering out from the bottom drawer.
I don't think he wants anything to do with this shit.
Man... fuck racists.
Ah, it was a dark day when I decided to borrow my mothers laptop without permission and foolishly chose to check the browser history...
And that's when you'll find the bodies...
What kind of people? The kind that shouldn't be allowed custody of children.
That delicious tenure...
Freudian psychology is hilarious. Apparently women are overly emotional an incompetent because they envy the penis.
I have the same feelings about Pacific Rim. Falls short in a lot of places, but still god damn amazing.
Aw. So how many passed?
"No Redditmans, you ARE the furries!"
Yeah, I find this to be a problem in a lot of movies/shows these days. Characters are either perfect or utterly incompetent with no middle ground. Both are just unlikable character tropes.
/r/sex and /r/nofap
Seals man. They're just living lumps and it's awesome.
"Baby, I'm gonna choosen the heck outa you."
I'll never forget my first time playing dark souls. My friend was hanging over my shoulder. "Don't get the black firebombs, they suck!" He said. I got the black firebombs. "Don't fight the demon yet! You can't kill it!" He said. I fought the demon. "You'll never kill it!" He said. I killed it. With the black firebombs. He didn't talk to me for like three days, when he did he said I was a piece of shit and must have wikied it. 10/10 would dark souls again.
Kinky.
He only destroyed an entire utopian society by refusing their advances.
Romans and Greeks and their penis obsessions.
Well, woman's scorn and all that jazz.
This came around a few days ago. Bubbles is in the bottom most drawer, you can see her eyes. You're welcome.
Which means you get to live! Congrats.
My mom spanked (it was really more of a beating to be honest) until she broke her favorite wooden spoon on my back. Then she realized I was getting big enough that my flailing and resisting might actually hurt her soon and stopped altogether.
Do you have an older brother that goes to tournaments? Congrats, you are now god-king of the MTG nerd clique.
My teacher... she was really sweet and committed. She died of a heart attack when I was halfway through elementary school.
I mean, a crazy emo water angel alien stole the ocean, but than gave it back in exchange for his sons bodily fluids. So that probably up there too. Then remember the time his son morphed into a horrible kitten man abomination. Also the time he saved the solar system by patching up an unstable rector core with duct tape. Oh, and the time his lover metamorphosized into his son. So yeah, there's a lot of contenders. Edit: oh and don't forget when a giant green hand kidnapped his son and the his son exploded it.
Being the Ultimate Quartz probably helps a lot though.
The Tallest strike again!
The voice that talks to the humans in the zoo, they make a big thing of it. You know, from the earrings.
Yeah, they are definitely planning something of that sort. Probably very soon too. "Has the cluster emerged yet?" No. "Then there's still time." Uh oh.
Perhaps for their protection at this point.
With the exception of the person you hire to destroy it after you die.
My mother always bitched about how I should get a job at 16. With no car, no license, living in the middle of nowhere, and also devoting most of my time to high school sports, this was fucking unreasonable. She tried to throw me out at 16 and called the cops on me for being "violent and entitled." Because I told her how stupid she was behaving. The thing is, I doubt this is a new thing. I bet the generation before the baby boomers were shut to them and I bet a lot of millennial a will be shit to whoever comes next.
"Didn't realize it was at the top of my "no no" list until it happened." So, just like most people's sex life?
My grandma screaming at me not to pick up the phone because grandpa was on the computer.
I... oh my god this explains so much...
Yeah, I got that one once or twice too. Man, it felt so good the first time I could tell her to go fuck off without consequence.
Not exactly a maid/cleaner, but we had a rental house that needed to be cleaned after each tenant. One family we had to evict and they left most of their stuff behind. They were pretty scummy and the mom obviously did a lot of drugs and the kids were undisciplined little shits. They left birth certificates, IDs, social security documents and basically all of their kids clothes and toys too. And of course, piles of garbage. Even worse they shit in some of the floor vents, like what the actual fuck? Anyway, the parents had a LOT of sex toys they left behind in the master bedroom bathroom. Being the good samaritans we were we decided to return their more valuable belonging, but when we showed up to their new place they refused to come out and talk to us. So we just ended up leaving everything on the lawn, except for a mostly translucent garbage bag filled with sex toys. My brother tied that one to the branch of the tree in front of their house.
The Metamorphosis by Kafka made me realize what true self-loathing is like and also helped me realize that my abusive mother would have been a leech my whole life if I hadn't cut ties with her early on. It really is a dark, yet utterly fascinating book. There are dozens of ways to interpret it too so chances at you'll find some satisfying deeper meaning.
I play on a med RP server. Occasionally I go around and steal all the food vending machines on station, then I go and steal all the food the chef makes. Cue complete and total anarchy, which forces the captain to order pizza. Then I steal half the pizza. Drama, danger, politics. Overall I agree that most jobs don't feel necessary, but they should be. If the botanist doesn't grow good, people should starve. What's the point of Hrp otherwise?
"I hate peppermint." Slams door.
Grandparents are almost 80, can confirm.
What was in that sandwich...
In other news, PVP still broken and shit. Mostly Ashran.
A deplorable human being is still a human being, such is the curse of empathy.
He is gonna need so many pots to keep these in!
Krolmir!!!!
Probably both
My middle school science teacher raised show Saint Bernard's. She had 8. One day it had snowed and she was out taking them their food when she slipped and fell. They all piled on top of her to keep her warm and she was stuck there for like 15 minutes she said.
1. There are already plenty of ss13 steamgroups. 2. You want to add another program on top of byond?
Now this is the kind of thing Shia Leboeuf is good at. I think he just doesn't pick the roles that play to his strengths and it makes him look like a shitty actor.
I mean... I liked Surfs Up...
Wow... I kinda hurt inside now...
Reminds me of my mother. She'd pick up the mouse or keyboard and just start smashing it on the desk while swearing.
Maaan, I'd go all Enders Game on those little shits if I could do it over again. Well, maybe a notch or two lower actually...
Well, she might have. From what I've seen most OCD people are fully aware of how unreasonable they are behaving but just can't help it.
"Don't worry, I'll totally help you up next..."
He said as he shattered his fathers ribcage and liquefied his internal organs.
I mean: 4 &gt; 0
The blood elves do have druids, there's at least one somewhere in game. I can't be bothered to look it up though.
No, there's one that goes bear form.
I'll tell you what it'll feel like: Vertigo, a shit ton vertigo.
Otherwise known as : Englishman tells America how fucked they are and no one listens, the show.
And his inspirational legacy lives on to this day.
Ion storms man, they fuck with all kinds of machinery.
Probably the good ol' "Women are evil because Eve fucked everything up for everyone."
Damnit, why can't Jasper become the character we all want her to be already?
Look you little shit, I try so fucking hard to stay fair and equitable and you JUST KEEP FUCKING WITH ME! An all too common scenario. "You trespassed in cargo to use the auto lathe? Ok minimum sentence, I won't even take your stuff. Just wait five fucking minutes and you can go, no hassle." Immediately he starts breaking out. Flash them, take their shit, make their sentence slightly longer. Then they call me a cuck and devote their lives to making mine difficult. So sorry if my patience with you is a little thin. Seriously though, between other shit tier officers who arrest people and don't say why, or otherwise just have a power complex, being a proper security officer isn't exactly encouraged.
You mean a prune costume right?
Dicks out for Jambo.
Because, and this is just my professional opinion, people are stupid and architects can't account for that.
Not gonna lie, I'd go for it too, provided he wasn't going to get the death penalty.
I hear like, 3% of all accidents in Canada involve a moose.
So that a bunch of bored news websites pick it up, then write a story on it that gets shared to the front page of reddit, which equates to far a better marketing stunt than anything that 3500 would buy.
Then he just fucks the whole thing up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNC95NZS8TE
I do this a lot, but with Reinhardt.
Weird and FUCKING AWSOME are not mutually exclusive.
Jokes on you: he's a droid!
And others will get like, 5.
I tried to warn my stepmother about the demon that lives in my father's bowels, but she wouldn't listen. Sometimes he'd let one slip and they'd laugh about it and make fun of me. Then they got married. That poor poor woman...
I mean, once a cheater...
The memes, oh god the memes.
Ha, that was my first one too.
You bastard.
Fucking. Savage.
Dayum! Poor kid...
If someone pissed on the toilet seat, it must have been me. I get where you're coming from, but no, not me.
Sure, but for how long?!
This explains so much...
I don't think anyone in all of history has argued this fact.
Now we just need Duel of the Fates playing over it.
Any game with permadeath. Xcom Rimworld Darkest Dungeon Losing a star player has seriously upset me at times.
Apathy. Mostly. I'm a busy person working two jobs and taking college courses. I've also never been in any kind of romantic relationship and really don't know where to start. It just seems like too much of a hassle and I feel like it should just happen naturally eventually. Drives my parents nuts.
I find it so frustrating how so many people can ignore the word of many of the most universally accepted "smart people" when it comes to this issue.
Or, as a giant robot. Zandalari collosus, eh?
I'd love to see Frieda get cut in half by a shield though.
Firefly, apparently.
Ugh, where's your sense of adventure? I miss the good ol days where abominations got their own labyrinths and dungeons and secret treasure hoards to guard. Used to be steady work for the poor guys. Adventurers are also at an all time low so the safety rates have never been higher!
Probably ripping off the dark matter mafia as we speak.
Certainly not WH40k. You smell like heresy.
I mean, I said that, in so many words.
Hmmmm, define what makes someone "good" at SS13 please.
I'm currently in a US in the 1960s class and we recently went over this. I won't go too much into it because I can't explain it very eloquently. Basically, we lost the Vietnam War because we had no idea how to fight in the jungle and kept cycling people out so no one ever learned how. Soldiers were incredibly frustrated and started a movement against the war. They began to question the purpose of the war and found it was futile because Vietnam was basically resisting for the sake of resisting. The US also used "body count" to measure the success of operations. Soldiers could never find any Vietnam so they could never wrack up bodies. They could find civilians easily though. This led to quite of few atrocities that people weren't punished for and were even rewarded.
Hey man, I hope you're done n okay. It's 4am but I too am drunk as shit.
I had plenty of water, I don't think I'll need to throw up because im like, 6'4, plus that'd be rude in my friends place. I'll have some more though. I hope you're also having a good drunk night you lovely asshole
You son of a butch don't get lost CS GO while drunk,
Fucking Jobel man, what asshole
Jobel man, he's. Fucking asshole
For me all it's ever done is take more processing from the program and make it even slower
I've been getting frustrated ever since they went listed. The level of RP has gone down dramatically. Used to be med-high now it's more like low-med. There's way too many people and not enough jobs. You get like 40 civilians every game and being a stealthy antag is almost impossible because there's always someone around the corner. Those are some of the "legit" reasons. Everyone else just says "furries."
Hey, full voice acting was pretty cool, so was certain characters calling you by name. The problem was you could never tell what the hell you'd actually be saying and end up sound like an idiot most of the time. Basically just hit Sarcastic every time and be a smarmy asshole all game.
Hmmm, good theory. To add to it a little, I think they only proofed her, then were holding her hostage to get white diamond to leave them alone. White didn't care though and just shattered her. I guess Homeworld doesn't negotiate with rebels
Except Starchy is Ronaldo. Think about it, both conspiracy theorists interested in the supernatural...
It was Sunny D! Of course!
Really? I tried the female one and found it grating, males seems good though. Maybe I'll try a second run as a lady. Nothing tops how bad Preston is though. My god is his VA bad.
All the vaults were some sort of experiment, those that had GECKS included. The GECK itself was highly experimental which probably explains its rarity.
Texas probably. I imagine that's where the last of the Enclave would have holed up. Florida might be interesting too. I imagine it being mostly the same. We're about done with the West Coast I think. Hey, maybe they'll do middle America and we'll have a train running adventure.
Those were in Egypt I am pretty sure.
Texas. Enclaves final stronghold. We play a tribal.
If I remember right, the Chinese had started to copy power armor, so they needed something to counter it.
I mean, I let Autumn go and helped the old geezers get the band back together. Plus I was reading the wiki the other day on how Texas has a lot of untapped military compounds and the brotherhood was moving in. I'd like to see them as a help able faction, but we'll see.
Not really, but there's of course the scene where All Might and Deku speculate that it might be manifestations of all the previous users of OFA.
Yes, that's BoS is non-canon, but there's another mention of them somewhere, I'm too lazy to track down where exactly but I think it was on someone's terminal. But yeah, Texas would be interesting. I wouldn't mind some more Western themed areas like NV.
Huh. I always thought the sentiment regarding Apophis on this subreddit was that he was kinda shit, but in an incompetent sort of way, basically what you said but a little less brutal. He always seemed OK to me, but I've never been one to get involved in server drama.
Ha. Hanlon's Razor is actually one of the quotes I live my life by.
I mean, plenty escaped Raven Rock, I let Autumn live, the Remnants are still kicking around. Plus you're saying they only had bases on the West and East Coast? Not the 90 percent of the rest of the country? Secret base in Mount Rushmore maybe? Under the Alamo? If the Brotherhood survived the NCR, I'm sure the Enclave are still kicking around somewhere. Anchorage maybe? Hawaii even? This is the entirety of the US government elite we're talking about. They orchestrated the Great War, the Vaults are all social experiments for their benefit. From what I've seen, we've just wiped out a few bases manned by their most incompetent members. These guys are the illuminati on steroids. I'm looking forward to the day they fly in and wreck everyone's shit again.
Well, the Fallout Bible is in that "it's not canon until we say it is" spot, similar to the Star Wars Legends material. Bethesda seems to have been comfortable using elements of it here and there until now, so as far as I'm concerned it's canon enough until they says it's not. But yeah, I've made my case thoroughly enough. If you disagree, you disagree.
It's never too late my child.
Don't worry, Coldsteel the hedheg is coming to save the franchise.
Honestly, just ignore them until they calm down. If you're in a public space remove them from the situation until they calm down.
Dayum! Frickin savage!
How much higher are his hit points and damage compared to a regular groundhog?
Why would you split the head like that my god! Just move affecting down a line!
So that's where all the fathers are! Desert islands!
What some people will do to get out of doing the dishes.
Why isn't that dog on a bag!?
He seems to spend every waking moment shitposting.
Hey now, don't drag Johny into this shit again! His show had a decent ending!
Ha, I'd forgotten about that. But no, I meant the one where he finally gets a date that his mom set him up with.
It's what she would have wanted.
It is, there's an episode where he finally gets a date though, which I kinda feel was the ultimate conclusion.
Damn that's... damn...
As someone who 100%ed FO3 and NV, I am just glad to get more Fallout. It's even a bit refreshing that it's a lot less linear, reminds me a bit of the older games in some ways. It's definitely an interesting diversion from the rest of the series. I think it mostly makes me want to see where they go with it next.
The Deathclaw encounter would have been much better if you'd had to say, drive it off, instead of kill it.
It would have been a little more interesting if each settlement had a unique resource. You'd care if your only supply of tatos was under attack. But since you can grow everything in one place, who cares?
Journalism. We have to talk to a ton of people, do so politely, write a well-rounded story, all on a tight deadline.
That handholding d'aww.
"Aw shit! He killed Jerry! RUN!"
&gt; does quick google search for Slanneshi worshipper orgies Let me just open an incognito page real quick...
I really want to get the Elves and Beastmen, but damn they are expensive. I picked up Chaos Warriors when they went on sale and I don't think they are as unplayable as everyone says, could definitly be better though. They are really tight-asses with the DLC for this game though. The small sales they do have are miniscule.
Wait, is Tactics canon? I know BoS teh game isnt but...
I just put machine gun turrets all over each of the settlements. Come at me bruhs.
Yeah, but the people named Jihad have it worse.
Me: Ok.... *punches Legate Lanius to death*
I'm partial to: "FEEL THE MIGHT OF THE BAAAANNEEBBLLAAADDEE!"1
Apparently it was really popular before 9/11.
15-30 seconds showing everyone happy in the future or something to that effect. But otherwise, I am fine with the ending if that's how they wanted to end it. It's not my place to demand someone change their artistic vision.
Well said. I have a similar viewpoint and have gotten flamed for it a bit , but I'll stand by it to the end. It's not the ending I would have preferred. I think even some minor adjustments could fix it, for me at least. But demanding someone change their artistic vision to suit your personal preferences is unacceptable. If this is how he thought it should end, this is how it should end.
You must have been shitting yourself during that brief moment he looked at bulbasuar. Now you've gotta give squirtal to the shitty kid next door.
Don't forget that huge flop with the paid mods on Steam. Skyrim happened to be the poster child for that mess.
Keep in mind that Cage also happens to be some kind of water god, whatever that entails.
Not yet at least...
This may have been bad, but there were darker days... CN's "reality TV" faze was the stuff of nightmares. Two whole years of Destroy Build Destroy, Dude What Would Happen and other horrendous monstrosities I can't bring myself name... Count your blessings kiddos. The one, beautiful, shining gem in that colossal pile of excrement was Adventure Time. It really saved CN singlehandedly from the darkest possible future...
Pffft, I'm only 22 and remember all this stuff clear as day. Hell, I remember rushing home after school everyday when my parents weren't home yet and watching the original Pokemon, Yu GI Oh, Beyblade, all kinds of stuff. But man, Jackie Chan Adventures and Xiaolin Showdown were something special.
It's like going hollow, it's inevitable for all of us who have started down this path...
Fantastic until the last episode. Just not enough screen time for all the cameos and the main story. "I dis-agree" with the ending on many levels, but if that's how they wanted to end it, that's how it should end. I was really hoping they would go with Samurai Dad instead of Loverboy Jack, but oh well. Honestly, I never wanted an ending, or at least, I never wanted Jack to go home. It always seemed like the overall message of the series was "it's the journey that's important, not the destination." But then the entire journey apparently gets erased. It's not ideal, but he'll, I'll take it.
I felt like you until about three week ago, thats when Windows Update got its grubby little mitts on my PC. Now it just restarts at random for no reason. Can't disable it or anything. Why Bill, why?
[Anything.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OfJk0Zh-IA&amp;t=0m54s)
There was this girl I knew in high school who always had interesting Tshirts with funny stuff to read on them. She didn't really like me for some reason and I was stumped as to why, but one day I found out. We were in the library and out of nowhere she yells at me: "FOR FUCKS SAKE STOP STARING AT MY TITS!" The socially awkward nerd I am, I flusteredly tried to explain I was reading her Tshirt, to which we have a long awkward silence broken by her stammering "oh..." and just walking away. Of course, my immediate thought afterward was that she was flat as a board anyway and had an internal chuckle.
Perhaps the second greatest anime/manga of all time.
I think she may have just been very self-conscious about the whole thing. The story gets even better though, cause I just remembered she's super into Lolita fashion nowadays, I kid you not.
Because the amount of different things your body excretes, sheds and otherwise produces, especially while sleeping, will surprise you.
Aight, I found a pic she posted recently and cut out the identifiable bits. This enough for ya? http://imgur.com/a/V4ijy
He is milking our desperation... and I love him for it. If only I had more than one follow to give...
Certainly not good sir. I lack both the nerve and patience for such an endeavor.
Big feet is such a curse. One of my coworkers left their running shoes in our office the other day. I got curious and took off my own shoe to compare, only to realize her shoe actually fit inside my shoe.
Oh man, I'm 13.5 too. I usually just go with 14s, but shoe shopping is such a damn pain.
Don't give up skeleton!
I enjoy Paradise, though I must admit it's been a little frustrating lately. The karma system is neat, but so few people seem to utilize it since they went listed. Security usually cracks down pretty hard on greytiding and admins usually stick it to self-antags. Being an antag is really frustrating at the moment to tell you the truth. The station is just too small for 100 people. There's usually like 40 civilians with nothing to do. It's not as good as it used to be, but Paradise seems to have the best medium RP experience at the moment for what that's worth. So yeah just my thoughts.
Uhm.... just play on the aliens side until the round is over like everyone else?
Cashed in on the new Chromie scenario Ageless Bronze Drake pet. Now the price is in the toilet, but I got 2 of them early and sold them off quick.
I've had good luck with battlepets. I sold two of the new Chromie scenario ones early Tuesday and feel great because the price is now in the toilet. I've had good luck with Throne of Thunder, Son of Animus drops a lot for me for whatever reason. You can usually milk a bit of extra cash out if you bother to level them, which is pretty easy in WoD content. The big thing about battlpets is that you can pick the server you sell on. I used to do a bit of flipping cross-server and made a tidy little profit, but the effort isn't really worth it for me since I broke 500k. Heres a great website that helps with it: https://wow-pets.com/ You can use it to appraise your collection on different servers. For example, if I put in my warrior on Wyrmrest Accord, my collection is worth 500k. If I put in my warlock on Emerald Dream, its worth 800k, so you can shop around a bit. So yeah, just an idea. It's a great niche market to get started in from my experience.
The face of every person who's arm wrestled me.
I'm really happy about the brig revamp. There was so little room in processing that being warden and HoS got unmanageable and it's much better now.
My biggest concern is that all the screaming from fans will end up influencing the story in one way or another.
Whether this whole thing is real or not, buying diamonds is a fake tradition created by marketing companies anyway. So good on ya.
"Why aren't millennials buying diamonds?" Because we're spending all the money in fucking avocados apparently.
I mean, the only reason diamonds are popular is because they've been marketed well for almost a century. There's actually no religious or traditional aspect that makes them culturally significant. It's one of the most blatant examples of corporate manipulation.
No matter how this turns out I really wanna see the end result. This is some hardcore cyber marketing secret war shit we're looking at.
There's actually a cool workers comp calculator that shows the worth of all body parts, testicles and ovaries included, in each state. It's from Pro Publica I think. I'll try to find a link when I get home.
There's actually a cool workers comp calculator that shows the worth of all body parts, testicles and ovaries included, in each state. It's from Pro Publica I think. I'll try to find a link when I get home.
There's actually a cool workers comp calculator that shows the worth of all body parts, testicles and ovaries included, in each state. It's from Pro Publica I think. I'll try to find a link when I get home.
There's actually a cool workers comp calculator that shows the worth of all body parts, testicles and ovaries included, in each state. It's from Pro Publica I think. I'll try to find a link when I get home.
To be fair, the Romans really created the catholic church. Plus, a man named Jesus almost certainly existed.
I mean, I bring my Nintendo 3ds everywhere and I'm 22. Disneyland included, them lines are long man.
Uhm, sure, but keep in mind I've been specifically talking about Holy Roman Catholicism this whole time, and spreading religion is what the Silk Road was best known for, atleast is what my college history professor told me. I never said the Romans were responsible for each sect of Christianity, just the spawning Catholic Church in particular.
Well, two things are evident. One, you either aren't reading or comprehending what I am trying to say because I am mostly agreeing with you. And two, I seem to be infringing on some of your religious beliefs, so for that, I apologize. So to summarize what I've been trying to say: The Catholic Church as we know it was founded after the ruling authorities of the Roman Empire appropriated the religion for their own political means, as you alluded to when mentioning Constantine, so for all intents and purposes we agree and thats the main thing I have been trying to prove. Hence, the Romans spawned the Catholic church, which had many debates over the proper interpretation of doctrine. They say their church was founded by Jesus himself, which is objectively false and likely part of dogma meant to prove the legitimacy of an appropriated culture. Completely separate from that point and only in regards to your comment about India never having contact with Rome: Rome had direct trade relations with India since its conquest of Egypt. It had further contact via traders on the Silk Road. A quick Google of India and Rome can provide far more details than I'd really like to bother explaining. I never said India didn't have its own independent sect od Christianity. I said it had contact with Rome, which it did. So hopefully that clears things up. I really never had any intention of arguing with anything, but you felt obligated to tell me I was wrong about things I wasn't actually talking about I guess.
To be clear, I'm talking specifically about its official endorsement as the state religion of Rome, which I'm told happened in 380, not the Edict of Milan, that ended its persecution. That's the iteration Catholic Church I'm talking about specifically, which, to my knowledge, is the farthest back you can trace the current structure of the Catholic Church. It may have been called the Catholic Church before then, but isn't wasn't the same group really, or so I'm told. The way it was described to me was that it was a political play by the leader of Rome to put his favored people in charge of the religion, though I suppose that's probably historical theory in a lot of ways. That said, it's been a looonnnggg, time since I took this class, so I might be getting a wire or two crossed, so forgive me. I'm also looking at it as a footnote from the Western history perspective as opposed to a major event from the Roman or Catholic history perspective. Interesting discussion though, I appreciate the discourse. I think the big issue is how we're trying to label things. Catholic Church can be applied to a lot of different groups from different eras.-
Let them all fuse into one super eventual and punch KT on the face.
Well turn on that giant fan you got there dummy!
Hipsters weed and everyone's favorite middle school computer game.
Meanwhile in Eugene, everyone blames the college students.
It's my series arc Morty! I gotta find me that McNugget sauce!
Said no one, literally ever, in the history of time and space and the multitude of parallel dimensions.
It's a show about literally the worst people.
What?!
Said no one, literally ever, in the history of time and space and the multitude of parallel dimensions.
Ha, I had a really long argument with someone about this a week or two ago. I say no. From what I understand they have bases all over the country, for sure in Chicago. I'd like to see a non-shitty Fallout game set in Texas, maybe they find an elaborate weapons stockpile or something. I mostly just want another western themed fallout game. Plus they're such a good villain I doubt Bethesda would just toss them aside after one game and a cameo. I want them to find another giant robot or maybe breed a huge death claw and watch it fight liberty Prime. I honestly feel like we only took out a single splinter of their massive illuminati network.
Read the comics if you haven't already. They're pretty fun.
He didn't really renounce it, he renounced his passive behavior and the lights directive that he should just run from everything.
Dat latent magical energy tho.
So you know how everyone needs to do elaborate rituals and stuff to summon demons? Well now they're all right there, basically within walking distance.
I was on Paradise the other day playing CMO during a Wizard attack. We're actually doing a really good job fixing people and cloning all the victims of the wiznerd, but then the admins decide to throw us a curveball and release four demons at once. There's no safe place once people start getting slashed and bleeding all over the place, but I still press on saving those that I can. I go ahead and give emergency access to basically all the doors in med, since they won't be stopping the wizards or demons anyway. Then some shitty greytide decides to just start beating one of my doctors to death in the geneticist's lab. So I roll in, smack him around with my baton, drag mah boi out and then lock the door. The greytide starts whining about how unfair I am so I say: "Have fun with the demons shithead." Then the demons manifest in the locked room and proceed to tear him apart while I laugh my ass off. Of course, things only get worse from there and the demons are really gunning for me since I'm about the only competent person still alive on the station. I manage to slip away from them each time with minimal injuries, but soon the wiznerd himself arrives. At the time, me and the Bluesheild were trying to revive the captain and the wizard uses a polymorph staff to make her explode. So it's just me, hiding around the corner waiting to disarm the wiznerd when he comes around, but hes wise to my ploy. So after a brief standoff, I say: "Truce?" and then he teleports away. Some asshole had bolted the cloning room doors and cut the wires, so I decide to just drag the captain to the shuttle. Im almost there, but the wiznerd teleports behind me and polymorphs me into a mushroom person. I say: "What the hell man we had a truce?!" And he just says "I NEVER AGREED TO ANYTHING!" SO I follow him and start biting his knees, then a greytide joins in and we beat him to death. Then the greytide transforms me until I become a sassy black woman and we go do tequila shots in the bar. The end
Well, honestly I think Illidan's BC writing really deviated from his character and now he's being better represented as what he is. He is an anti-hero that always has an ulterior motive, whether he's doing good or evil. I for one approve of Illidan's portal opening shenanigans. Let's stop sealing up all the holes and just destroy the demons at their source already. Admittedly opening a rift directly to Argus is a little drastic, but pony up boys, we've gotta save the universe this time around, not just Azeroth.
Well, from a retrospective yeah, but actually playing through the quests and such in BC he was such a damn mustache twirler. All of the actual motivation was retconned in later. I actually like Illidan's overall arc. He does what he thinks is right, everyone else disagrees and treats him like garbage, but he always bounces back it seems and he is usually unapologetic. He's a failure, but he won't let that stop him. He'll bow and cower when he needs to, but he always has is true goals in mind. And I think it's funny how many of his groupies have drunk his coolaid. My only gripe is his obsession with Tyranda, like, get over her already dude.
Yeah, except other than the Naru quest and a part of his book, they've not done much in that regard I don't think. To me it seems like it's been clever misdirection, especially with this latest reveal. I'm interested to see how things go. Here's my theory, he's gonna do the whole redeemed angel thing, but he's gonna do it in the scummiest way. Like, a Naru or a bunch of Naru are gonna die to empower him, or even better, he's going to forcibly take their power like he did with the demons. At the moment, I feel good about how they've treated him this expansion.
On the contrary, I think he looks the coolest and everyone else is goofy.
I need ETC, the Stormwind choir and as many troll war drummers as you can find in a portal to Dalaran stat!
Sargeras is just Fart from Rick and Morty, so don't sweat it.
Is GC3 any good? I got Stellaris awhile back and have been pretty content with it in terms of 4x spess games
If you wear it the correct way that is.
My stepmother was an emotional wreck when she couldn't breastfeed my baby sister when she was born. She just couldn't produce any milk, and worse the doctors couldn't give a clear answer why. They theorized was most likely a combination her age, overweightness and just plain nerves. So I'm sure it must put some emotional strain on people, even if it's more subtle and less dramatic.
If you're a Tauren DK it sucks cause it goes against your culture
Except he could undo the wish at any moment.
Because he was tired of being molested by his baby sitter probably.
But he could. He's in complete control of the situation. Of course he's also 10 and reeeaallllyyy stupid.
I mean, does anime count? Adventure Time has Finn aging at the same rate of his voice actor. Steven Universe.
Fuck you, ketchup is delicious.
You see how I have those two paragraphs separated? That means they are meant to be independent ideas. As in, I asked if anime counted, then I just rattled off series I could think of.
Aw. Try a dog, if you treat them right they will usually love you unconditionally. Cats are a bit more fickle, but shelters usually have ones that warm up to people pretty quickly. You can work your way back up to people if need be. Just keep cool and maybe curb your expectations a bit. Not everyone will have the capacity to love you and many take longer to warm up than others. Meet people, develop chemistry, put yourself in new situations. Most importantly, learn to love yourself and realize your'e worth loving. Don't be afraid to change yourself as long as its to make you be who you wanna be. And if you actually want to be alone, that's fine too, but if you want to love, don't give up! Your daily dose of unsolicited advice from a vodka addled stranger on the internet.
I disagree. Not sure which your talking about, but I feel like both have admirable strengths for kids cartoons.
Well, the irony is that they're both super popular on the same network, but suffer from the same critical flaw, but good point
The very first animated movie, with the "I'm a Goofy Goober!" rock song.
It really just starts relying on crude instead of witty humor. A lot of early episodes has jokes I'd still find hilarious today.
Found the sub.
I mean, he's biologically 10, so his brain probably hadn't developed enough for more advanced and abstract thinking.
The leaf blower one.
Try the website TV Tropes if you haven't already. It's a huge encyclopedia of that kind of thing.
I think that was it, with the no rules free wish cupcake
I often rode the last bus home on weekends after I left some college parties early. There was rarely anyone on besides me and it was a looping 30-minute route. It's kind of surreal, especially interacting with the driver when I finally got off, with my stop being second to last. I'd catch it at 11:30 and get home about 11:50.
I always thought it was a bit too brutal. Like geeze, Wonder Woman and Aquaman, calm the fuck down for two seconds. It is good though. I'm surprised Batman didn't have some contingency to sort the whole thing out, even if he was drunk bat dad instead of Bruce. I actually really like Justice League Dark that came out fairly recently if we're talking good DC movies. Constantine is so underrated, probably cause his TV show was garbage. Oh, and that one where Owl Man wants to explode the multiverse because he's a super nihilist.
You have them knives you fool!
Can't buy it cause I own CP, ugh. Man, I was so jazzed to pick this up and then all this nonsense happens. ~~Well here's hoping they fix it without jacking CF's price up in the process.~~ Edit: Some people on the Steam forum seem to have had the same problem back in April and it never got resolved. Apparently, it's a "newcomer only" deal Another Edit: Looks like removing the game from your library won't work either because the system remembers it if you try to pick it up in a bundle, so I advise against trying that route. I guess I'll just pick it up in a year or two. Sucks cause I was actually kind of looking forward to playing the first one since I started with the second, but I don't feel like getting it without the bundle. Final Edit: Looks like they just bumped the price up so it doesn't matter now I guess. I jinxed it, sorry guys. Still can't purchase the bundle though.
Why not both?!
Yeah, I might be tempted to take the plunge for Wood Elves, but meh on Beastmen
I feel like Bretonnia stills needs a bit of work. Its missing a few things to really ound it out compated to what the DLC adds to the other races.
RIP. Ffffffffffff
Naw more like "Oh hai Naru, lovely power you have there. Ohm nom nom. Now my power is maximum!"
What about handsome boys?
Only the truest ambivalence.
Obviously, that tongue...
And she's already drained him dry of blood... how tragic.
Oh man, this reminds me of the time my high school the principal accused me of being a potential school shooter because of an assignment for a writing class I left in another class. In writing class we were doing obituaries and could pick to do them on a classmate or a generic person we read a short story about. I chose my friend Kevin. I wrote it up and drew a little doodle of his funeral with like: RIP Kevin written on it. I later went to some dumb one-time guest speaker presentation in another class and just continued to doodle the whole time. But when I left, I forgot my notebook with all of this in it on the table. Later in the day Kevin gets called into the office because his name is in the notebook. Then I get called to the office when he tells them it's mine. The principal proceeds to give me this big lecture on how everything in my notebook is unacceptable and is the EXACT SAME kind of stuff they found in the Columbine shooters' notebooks, specifically writing someone's obituary. I explain to her the stuff she is upset about was a class assignment and then she gets all confused and flustered before ordering me to never draw at school again. I'm like "Sure whatever, can I go now?" I told all my friends about it later and one of them who fancied them self a student activist told me that was bullshit and apparently went to her office to yell at her on my behalf, but I never heard anything else about it.
Small town, less than 300 kids in school. Most of the faculty were either really down to earth good people or power tripping assholes. I could write a short book on the weird or nonsensical bullshit that went on from day to day.
That's not how you do it man. You say: "Pick? Why not both!?"
Autocorrect is a bitch man.
I'm not OP, but I'm currently in the market for something that can stream while gaming and edit videos. Looking to spend around 700-1000.
Not in particular. I've just graduated and my field might require some occasional video editing. Gaming is my main hobby and I always wanted to get into streaming just for fun. I've got a decent custom built PC right now that someone gave me, but it's pretty old and seems to be on it's last legs so I was looking to get something moderately better. I've considered building my own, but I'm fairly new to all this and don't really know where to start. My dad suggested I shop around for something prebuilt first
Thanks! I'll check it out! Out of curiosity, how much do you think I'd have to pay for the next step up in quality if $1000 isnt much of an upgrade?
Ah, alright. Thanks!
My name is obviously Mat.
He could just say lint. Blam.
Where's the Szechuan sauce? Or maybe Why doesn't unity love you?
That thing when you're peeing and you don't quite get it all out and then it dribbles into your pants. At least for guys. Not sure if the same thing happen to ladies.
I once joined a guild, bought the expensive Yak Mount, got the achievement, watched everyone flip the fuck out, then left.
Uh, obviously he means the light given off by the glowing pile of fel embers from your most recently obliterated enemies, why... what kind of Light did you think he was alluding to? Do you have something to confess? *reaches for sacrificial knife*
How is destro atm? I decided they ruined it at the start of the expac, rerolled warrior and never looked back.
I miss Trent Green from Paradise. He was the perfect level of RP asshole. He was super robust but never took things too far. He liked to start fights and bully people, but you could tell it was all in-character fun. I kinda miss him, haven't seen him around much since the server went listed, though I know he bums around r/ss13. Then again, I'm not sure how well his schtick would work on Paradise right now. The greytide are a bit out of control at the moment if you ask me and I could see people just beating his head in for talking smack nowadays .
Seems to be the case. It was the first thing we tried, I'd say it worked for about 15 minutes.
I use poison for lack of a better word, it's basically supposed to give them a stomachache and condition them to leave seeds alone. It worked, but only for the corn seeds apparently because that's how they're shaped. They just doubled down on the pumpkin seeds instead. We thought about some kind of noise maker, but neighbors...
I've been talking about it with my grandpa today, he is.... less than open to this idea. He's taken a "we don't negotiate with terrorists" style attitude to the whole ordeal...
Hahaha, I don't have any friends on the internet either.
Cmon, we're all gay for Felix.
Cause universal basic income is still in the trial phase.
I like that both his parents were hoarders. Actually, so is Amethyst. Maybe it's a Quartz thing.
Because an army of your bros showing up in your darkest hour means shit apparently.
Well, I think the problem is with all the "what ifs." Maybe in all those other situations Aku is just out of scene waiting to fuck everything up like he did with Goat Portal. Archer portal at least was a trap. It was made by Aku and would probably have cursed him. Maybe he wouldn't have had the strength to kill Aku if he returned earlier. I like to think the 50+ years he spent helped him find the strength to give that ultimate blow. But overall, I personally don't approve of screwing over someone for "the greater good" mentality. Really, if you think about it, it was all Jacks personal story that only he will remember. Would he have forgiven himself for those kind of actions? I don't think he would have. In this ending, he's at peace.
"If you rearrange the letters, remove a few, then add a couple... OH MY GOD!"
Pokémon world tournament, random dungeon mode (tree/city from gen 5), some contest equivalent. I'm so annoyed they've been so feature backward for the last few games.
Who?
I felt very satisfied by both of Fable: The Lost Chapters endings. Put on Jacks mask and become super evil and powerful, or just fling it into the lava and walk away like a fuckin boss,
Who?
Picture this, Diamond ship vs cluster.
Dude, thank god for steam refund.i bought about 10 games and have refunded about 7
Don't bother man, everyone who gets a harem ends up with not-best-girl anyway, so there's really no point.
Half Life 3
The "honorary degree" kind.
Hell, I'd settle for the chips.
But you'll always have sand.
Weren't they making movies?
Paladins might also be wielding a Naru though
