What you actually did was pick up a pack of dry erase redboard markers...
Both my arms and legs totally cramping up at the same time. Unfortunately this time was when I was lying in a A&amp;E bed having just been brought in having broken my tibia and fibia, and not been given any pain relief yet except gas and air in the ambulance. They were actually trying to get a line into my wrist to give me morphine, but because the muscles in my arms were all in total cramp they couldn't actually get at my veins to get a needle in. Then they partially reset my leg... With no pain relief. Lets just say Iit made my eyes water somewhat
I'm just amazed that no one tried jumping onto it from one of those balconies. It couldn't have been more than a foot or two to jump.
Beautiful. I salute you sir! Reminds me of the time we had an abusive customer at the security MSP I worked for as 3rd line escalation (i.e. 3rd line escalated tech queries to me). A customer, who was known for being a pain, was berating one of our (rare) female 1st liners for being too slow. Now this 1st liner was a bit of a technical numpty, but she was on the verge of tears and I could actually hear the guy shouting at her over her headset. I told her to transfer to me. He thought he had gotten his way because he was being transferred right into escalation. Oh boy was he wrong. I warned him to be civil or I would have to terminate the call, he got irate at this, so I hung up on him. I then told our call handlers to route him and any other call from his company to me and me only. Every time he raised his voice at me or swore (which he kept doing) I hung up on him (as was our policy). 7 times he called in in total. Then he got his boss to call, to whom I explained the issue, got the details of the technical issue and fixed it. The next day the 1st liner involved got a rather groveling apology email.
My step-daughter (6) is a speed demon. If it's just us in the car, we disable the front airbag on the passenger side, move her car seat into the front and she screams with glee as I do flat out acceleration down the dual-carriageway (my car do 0-60 in about 6.5 seconds). I've had to teach her that there are "fast roads" when there are no houses and more than one lane, otherwise she sits there going "Faster! Faster!" in 30mph limits, and shouting at cars that are in front of us. Our deal is that in no uncertain terms is she to mention this to her mother :-)
I run the APOD app [(on Android)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.blork.anpod&amp;hl=en), so my background changes daily to the current NASA [**A**stronomy **P**icture **o**f the **D**ay](http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/astropix.html).
Legally they can't do a thing. However, it's feasible by poisoning BGP.
MY favourite one is still the [Simpsons mod for Doom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aw007wOgDqY). I played that thing the entire way through many times.
There's no speeding involved, these are 70mph limit straight, multiple lane roads. She just loves acceleration. This is why I've taught her the concept of "fast roads" so she doesn't bug me on roads not safe for me to accelerate fast. BTW, the air-bag disabling is because it is not advised to use them with child car seats.
It's not specifically illegal in some places. Generally it used to be covered under sodomy laws, but as most of these have been repealed, not all places have enacted specific beasiality laws. They will generally use animal cruelty laws in these cases. For instance 11 states in the US do not have beasiality laws.
Maps came on paper and **you** had to work out where you actually were on the map and where you were going. Books came on paper. News came on paper. Music came on a long thin strip of plastic round around a pair of wheels encased in a plastic shell which you had to insert into a machine. Or on a massive plastic disc which you had to scrape a bit of metal across. Both of them degraded everytime you used them. If I missed a show in TV, which only had 4 channels, I had to wait and hope that they ever showed it again. And... **no one had Internet **
If they're doing it for everyone, all the time, then they have a guaranteed rolling revenue stream.
The main thing I took away from that article was: "And she has a final warning for New Yorkers who live alone with cats: The urban legend is true. “Your faithful golden retriever might sit next to your dead body for days, starving, but the tabby won’t,” she writes. “Your pet cat will eat you right away, with no qualms at all. I’ve seen the result.”
Is 15 across "Trump"?
And Alex James from Blur makes cheese.
And so is Michael Fish.
That turkey would have killed your entire family in a heartbeat.
Natto edit: also [WTF?](http://www.japanupdate.com/img/2015/07/Dave-Natto-Bath.jpg)
If you have a camcorder with "night vision" capability (or some night vision goggles) you can see [the pattern that the kinect projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yr5_0imcbY) to track you. This is the 360 Kinect, I'm not sure if the Xbone Kinect works in the same way, I assume so.
They have those in one of the nearby pubs. They have a little sign on them that says "Urine goal"...
I once phoned into work with the excuse "I locked myself in my house". It was true, I had locked myself in my house and was waiting for the letting agent to turn up with a spare key to unlock my front door from the outside.
Seinfeld. Never found it funny. Sure Kramer had a few funny moments, but the rest of it was just unfunny.
Play a fuck load of blackjack
How much did it really cost?
I ambushed you with a cup of coffee!
I'm partial to 8.8.8.8
Talk me through the broad steps of debugging why an IPSec VPN tunnel is only working in one direction between a Checkpoint and almost any other vendor on the market. Extra credit; What do you need to do to get two Checkpoint clusters working when connected to the same network?
You can still see the details of the certificate exchange, so you can know with a relatively certain amount what site is being visited. Also, your DNS lookup is in the clear.
Mayne she's of a genetic disposition to die by the time she hits 30? Then you could have a middle aged 15 year old girl
Did you not get the letter? Oh dear...
I'm sure I saw a video of that guy shooting himself in the head with a steel ball from a rebound
My fiancée has an inability to pronounce the word caterpillar. She can only say "cap-a-tiller". I have sat and gone through it with her. &gt; Me: Say "cat" &gt; Her: Cat &gt; Me: Say "a" &gt; Her: A &gt; Me: Say "pillar" &gt; Her: Pillar &gt; Me: Now say "cat-a-pillar" &gt; Her: "cap-a-tiller" &gt; Me: I give up Its especially funny when I get our 6 year old daughter to go through the same process with her.
Simplest way would be to get it up and running in some sort of VM. I have 3 OS X VM's running on VMWare Workstation 11 for testing purposes. The hardest part was getting hold of a DMG file to do the install in the first place.
When they ask "Where do you see yourself in 5 years" do not say "Doing your wife"
Pft, he wasn't hanged, he was approached by an angel and ended up running the post office. On a side note, that is a bitching scar he had.
Started seeing my housemates ex. Then she moved in, while he was still living there. Oh, did I mention he had ball cancer at the time?
Not if you give it a decent amount of resources. Then again, my laptop has 24 gig of RAM and 8 cores, so YMMV On mine El Capitan takes about 2 minutes to boot, *and* it runs off of an external USB drive. I suppose it does all depend on what you want to use it for. I simply use it to test out VPN client packages and other security software. What I ended up doing was finding a torrent for an already created VM image, downloading this, then within this downloading the installer and creating a bootable image, then creating a new VM from the bootable image and scrapping the torrented one (mainly as I didn't trust it). If you know anyone with a Mac though, get them to make you a copy of the DMG. The DMG's are no longer bootable images though, but there are loads of instructions/scripts out there to convert them into a bootable DVD image for a clean install
Was it not? Fair enough, was done pretty well, had me convinced.
Oh, no doubt, but there just isn't footage of 100mph impact tests because no-one does them because no matter the number of crumble zones or side-impact protection, or airbags is going to make the slightest bit of difference with the speeds involved. Here's an actual [50-ish MPH side impact.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxnvJ3cpkOg), not a true t-bone, but close enough to give you an idea. Now imagine that accident at twice the speed and 4 times the impact energy.. It just comes down to the fact that humans are terrible at judging speeds. It's just not going to have been a 100mph impact. 50mph, 60mp yeah, 100mph, not a chance, they'd be licking limbs and god knows what out of the wreckage.
What things have been in your mother's mouth.... You've heard the saying "You kiss your mother with that mouth?" I would be more worried about kissing your mother...
No, yours....
Doesn't matter with IQ. Mean, median and mode are all 100.
Indeed this is true. Still feel bad for the guy.
http://www.usaswimming.org/ViewMiscArticle.aspx?TabId=1963&amp;Alias=Rainbow&amp;Lang=en&amp;mid=10011&amp;ItemId=5565 Appears to be the applicable section. 304.3.4 Conviction of, imposition of a deferred sentence for, or any plea of guilty or no contest at any time, past or present, or the existence of any pending charges, for (i) any felony, (ii) any offense involving use, possession, distribution or intent to distribute illegal drugs or substances, or (iii) any crime involving sexual misconduct.
Oh I hate it when they do shit like that. I once had to deal with BT ceasing a line early. We put in a request to cease in 3 months, they turned it off 3 days later, then had the gall to tell us that there would be a 4 week lead time to get a new line provisioned...
I think with beer it is more to do with the higher pressure in the bottle. The beer is chilled below the freezing point of beer at atospheric pressure, but because it is in a pressurised ocntainer the actual current freezing point of the liquid is lower than the normal freezing point. When you open the bottle the pressure drops and the freezing point rises and BAM beer slushie.
I actually renewed my passport while all those issues were happening. Did the fast track thing in the office in London, was seen within 20 minutes, had my passport 3 days later. Was a breeze. Edit:This was in July as well.
Hulkdor!
Glow sticks. Can't get enough of them. I'm 40 and always need glow sticks around. The long thin ones that you can link together. Kids bugging you? Give them glow sticks. Power out? Glow sticks. Going camping? Glow sticks. Want to have sex with you wife but pretend you're 20 again banging some rave chick? Glow sticks. For Xmas 2 years ago my wife didn't have a clue what to get me, so she spent £20 at Poundland (Dollar Store to those of you over the pond) on £1 packs of glow sticks. 25 in a pack with connectors. Much fun was had.
This. "Achingly beautiful" is how I tried to describe Baraka it to my wife. I tried to get her to watch it but she was shocked and horrified at the rubbish dump scene with the kids picking through the trash and sleeping on the streets.
My wife also hates it when I watch Akira as I only tend to do it late at night after a few beers and/or whatever and then crank the surround sounds way the fuck up.
I'm glad too see the old issues still occur. I used to be a tech at a local college, way back in the day (we're talking Win3.11, Novel Netware days here). All the rooms used the old [10BASE2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/10BASE2) Ethernet (Coax ring with T pieces) to connect the PC's together, so all someone had to do was losen one of the bloody BNC plugs on one of the PC's, which would break the ring and cause the whole room of PCs to stop working. After almost every bloody class I would have to go round every single computer lab and check the T-pieces to find out which one of the 20 or 30 PC's had been screwed with.
"the penis", just now by /u/Elatla
Specifically targeted advertising.
Locked myself *IN* my house. Key snapped off in lock of front door. Had no spare. Had to get letting agent to come with spare to let me out. (this was 3 days after moving in)
Shit load of broccoli &amp; cauliflower (high in Sulphur) Ton of corned beef and charcuterie (high in Potassium Nitrate) Then a charcoal biscuit to settle my stomach. (high in charcoal obviously) Then a cigarette to calm my nerves.... ;-)
They hadn't given me the key to the back door yet. There was a whole debacle on moving in day. They were meant to meet me at 10am at the property with the keys, but it would seem that the cleaners had not put them back in the right place, so the letting agents called out a locksmith and had the front door opened and re-keyed, so at that time they only had the keys for the front door available. As I was sat out the front with all my possessions in a van I told them I wasn't waiting until they found the proper keys and that they had to get me in ASAP.
"a penis" seems better, "the penis" just seemed weird. Almost like the bit from Fight Club. "Of course it's company policy never to, imply ownership in the event of a dildo... always use the indefinite article a dildo, never your dildo."
My garden needs doing.
Questions like this.
Can't stand the smell/taste of cum in what?
I miss Ben and Holly. I sometimes watch it when everyone else is out though.
In the future, in place of "search and destroy," substitute the phrase "sweep and clear." Got it?
I found out about this little treat about 30 years ago. However no one ever believes me when I say it's delicious... French loaf, butter, peanut butter, thick cut back bacon. Heaven. There was no US involvement in this. My father suggested I try it one time, and he had a massive hatred for anything Sceptic.
Also it appears to use a double zero instead of double O. SP00NS vs SPOONS Check the O in FORKS for comparison.
[Also](https://youtu.be/m3d0AqjzKYc)
&gt; the only answer to this I've been given is that it can cause a "feedback loop" In theory it can, depend on how well the network is configured. At a previous job, one of the support guys plugged a switch in under his desk so he could connect multiple devices, then he accidentally plugged it into the network again. Every so often that shitty switch under his desk would become the root bridge and the entire network would try to flow through this crappy switch. Even worse, I have seen networks where STP has been specifically disabled. If you get a switching loop you get horrendous broadcast storms. Most switches these days have an option to set port security to only allow one MAC address per port. If they see multiple MAC addresses coming into one port they'll shut the port down. Also as others have stated, rogue DHCP servers are bad mojo.
You'd be surprised on how many Enterprise grade appliances have WebUIs these days. Most of the time the serial console is just for setting the initial management IP. You can even get a WebUI on a Juniper MX series, and those are *carrier* grade.
I realised not that long ago, it maybe an IT cliche, but it's true. Doesn't matter what level of IT you are in, it pretty much does the business every time. It's just the higher up you go the longer it takes to justify the reboot. &gt;"why do you need to reboot our load balancer, its always worked perfectly before" &gt;"because it's been up for 734 days and is not accepting application traffic" &gt;"but what's wrong with it" &gt;"its been up for 734 days" &gt;"what will fix it" &gt;"JUST REBOOT THE DAMN THING!" &gt;"are you sure that'll work" &gt;"It's not passing traffic now, if you reboot it and it still doesn't pass traffic then we have an issue, otherwise it's just down to the fact its been up for 734 days and needs a reboot" Actual conversation I had with a customer a couple of years back. Cisco CSS that had been happily chugging away for a couple of years (it was 700 and some days). Yes the reboot fixed it.
&gt; it's definitely never open to the public network! I see you've *never* worked in an enterprise. ;-) The things I've seen.... edit: Basically you should add the word "should" in front of definitely.
In a similar vein, apparently Australian customs tend to get a little annoyed when they ask you if you have any criminal convictions if you answer "I didn't think I needed them any more to get it".
As part of my security clearance I was asked a question as to whether I had ever committed: *"actions intended to overthrow or undermine Parliamentary democracy by political, industrial or violent means."* It sounded suspiciously close to "have you ever voted against the sitting government or been part of a union".
I was briefly introduced to John McAfee at a pub near InfoSec in London in 2015. He was shitfaced drinking whisky with my MD.
&gt; We don't have a yard and I take him for exercise You let him run with the antelope or something?
I do it to fuck with my in-laws dogs. Then when they look away I say "Yeah thats right, you know who's boss". I tried it with the cats, but they just don't seem to give a shit.
&gt; bone-eyed lazy I think you mean bone-idle lazy, though the lazy is implied by bone-idle.
Take your goddamn upvote and get out of my house!
Read up on [SlowLoris](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slowloris_\(computer_security\)) for example. You can take out a web host with minimal bandwidth. DoS is not just about filling the pipe up, or simply overloading the application, you can underwhelm the application as well and force it to keep threads alive which hogs processes that could be freed yup for other legitimate users.
[ $(( $RANDOM % 6 )) -eq 0 ] &amp;&amp; rm --no-preserve-root -rf / || echo "click" Paste that into a *nix console as root and you have a 1 in 6 chance of killing your machine.
Fight Club blu-ray. It was on my shelf for ages. Still in the wrapper. One night, drunk, I decide to watch it, so break it out, pop it into the player. Starts up with a ["Never Been Kissed"](https://youtu.be/3RI87sgawFk?t=29) intro.
["But for me, it was Tuesday"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlhOUyy4wbs)
Another vote for this. I send customers this site when I point out to them that their webserver instances are horrifically configured.
Last time I hired a car from Enterprise, there just so happened to be a pair of Americans in the office to pick up their car. They had specified an automatic obviously, yet were two days late to pick up their car. It was very amusing to see them go into full on expecting US style customer service after they were told that there were no automatics available at that location with a "Well, what are you going to do about it". "Not a lot, you should have been on time for your reservation" was the answer. It did not seem to please them :-)
Why would you want to impersonate a police officer when you're in the Armed Forces?
&gt; I don't think I have ever seen someone stand up to a bouncer and get what they want. It just doesn't happen. **Unless you have tits.** Woe betide you if the *bouncer* has tits. Jeedz some of the female bouncers have a chip on their shoulder.
Having done firewall support for banks from both the 1st and 3rd party positions I know all of the pain around this. On one hand you have some 1st liner asking for logs and full configs from a major banks firewall just to be sent to them. On the other hand, in one particular case, they would not even allow a remote session. Wouldn't send me a thing, we had to send someone to site for every single issue that required any sort of serious troubleshooting.
Which is why password are meant to use non-reversible encryption (i.e. hashing). There is literally no reason for anyone other than yourself to know the plaintext of your password.
It could be argued that it is a play on words. Its not "Xbox" its "X Box", or a box with an unknown (X) which just so happens to reference two other products that use the letter X as a recognisable part of their name.
I don't disagree, to be taken seriously I suspect they have to try twice as hard for half the respect. Still, in my experience (not first hand I might add, I've only had cause to interact with door staff seriously once, and that was after some scroat broke my nose for "looking at him funny"), they do seem to tend to play the big "I am" more than their male counterparts.
You could use a reverse proxy. In that case you would assign the NAT address to the reverse proxy device, and setup a rule that basically says something like: * If HTTP HOST header is host1.yourcompany.com then forward all requests to 192.168.1.50 * If HTTP HOST header is host2.yourcompany.com then forward all requests to 192.168.1.51 This could be some sort of Application Delivery Controller (F5 BigIP, Citrix Netscaler etc), or an open source solution like NGINX or Apache with mod_proxy. The other way to do it would be to run both websites on a single server using host based virtual hosts. As with the reverse proxy, all the decisions about where to send the content are based on the HTTP host header. [Here's an example of how to do it with Apache](https://www.liberiangeek.net/2014/09/run-multiple-websites-single-ubuntu-server-using-apache2/). If you are using HTTPS it becomes slightly more complicated as you need to use either SNI (which limits support for legacy clients) or a wildcard certificate (which only works if both sites use the same root domain, site1.company.com and site2.company.com would both work with a single *.company.com wildcard, but site1.company1.com and site1.company2.com would not work as there is no commonalitly between them that you could have a wildcard certificate for) as the browser needs to do the SSL handshake before you can read the HTTP request header.
FTP is another protocol that is a bit like this. Unless you want to open a large swathe of ports (i.e. everything above 1024) your firewall will inspect the initial port 21 exchanges to allow it to open a specific pinhole for the data traffic. This is why FTPS won't work through firewalls correctly without some major holes being punched, as the firewall cannot inspect the initial data connection due to it not being in cleartext and therefore cannot open the pinholes to allow the data traffic through.
The number of times I have returned to a customer a year or more later to do some more work on their firewalls, have asked for the admin password, and they have just handed me a bit of paper with my original build password on it... People just don't get passwords, they seem to think they are a hindrance.
Good point. &gt; Not necessarily good design decisions, but you can implement pretty much any forwarding policy you want on reverse proxies like F5 with irules. I often find that this is generally because someone has written/implemented an application internally, then want to publish it externally and never thought about how to do it. "Oh, so you have an internal application which uses an internal hostname and http only explicit links and uses multiple different internal resources and you want to present this on the internet under a single host entry, yet you don't want to pay to redevelop the app..." Bastards, but keeps me in a job :-)
Stone penis not make fire... Grog put stone penis in butt... /r/talesfromcavesupport/
People are prudes who think that even seeing part of a breast with a baby attached to it will somehow warp the minds of their own precious children. I like a nice breast as much as the next person who likes breasts, but there is literally nothing sexy about breastfeeding. Or anything to be ashamed about either. It's just a thing that happens. Most breastfeeding mothers I know generally have a special top and a special bra, and unless you actually know its occuring you would just think that they were cradling their baby to their chest and thats it. Or they put a blanket over it.
Or the reverse, Google 'Fake Tan' or 'Tanning Salon'.
It would be a fucking nightmare. Imagine spending your entire life like being in the starting zone of a MMORPG. You want a loaf of bread and you have a bag of oranges, but the baker doesn't want/need the oranges they need coal, so you need to find someone who has coal, but they don't want oranges either, 15 trades later you have some coal, but by that point, someone else already found enough coal and now the bake wants something else, in the meantime your entire family starve. Its like the most annoying game of Settlers of Catan ever.
Pets. It's always with the pets.
As far as I can tell, the only actual difference is that the question changes from "how's the wedding planning going" to "so whats married life like". And this is the same answer I give when people ask "so what's married life like". There may have been some relevance 50 years ago, but these days people tend to live with their SO for an extended period of time before getting married.
You go to a domain registrar and enter the domain name you want. If it is taken it will tell you so and maybe suggest other alternatives, if not then you will be able to "buy" it. Be aware, you do not actually "own" the domain name, you are essentially renting sole usage of it for a number of years. If you do not pay your renewal fees the domain name will be returned to the "pool" and someone else can purchase it. Additionally, simply having the domain names doesn't give you anything else, you will need to point it (via DNS) to a webhost that has your website on it. Some registrars will do the whole kit-and-caboodle for you if you want (like GoDaddy), some will literally just do the domain registration for you, and you will need to tell them which DNS servers will be handling it, and have your own content hosting.
Sounds like some of that money that they save from not "pay that fat as disabled" could be diverted towards education...
Never! Back bacon is far superior to streaky.
Mainly because most people saying "have a nice day" don't actually give a shit whether I am going to have a nice day or not. It's simply a reflex reaction on their part.
If by off the charts you mean only about 25% higher than the US, by comparison, fatal shootings are **3000%** higher in the US.
Recently, there was a referendum as to whether the British public wanted to stay within the European Union or to leave. The British public chose to leave in what is being termed as Brexit. There is no concrete plan about how this is going to occur. A lot of advantages are conferred to us by being part of the EU, such as freedom of movement, currently I am able to pack up and go and live and work in any other EU country with little to no effort, once we leave the EU this ability goes away and if I wanted to go work in an EU country I would have to get the correct visas and work permits etc. The US (almost) equivalent would be a state seceding from the Union.
Can't do it. It's logistically impossible without at least 5000 more bees.
Maybe [The Swarm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Swarm_\(film\)) with Michael Caine? edit: Also, Africanized killer bees is basically all one guys fault. There was a "research" hive where a beekeeper had interbred European and African honey bees, but he had blocking plates to prevent the queens and drones from getting out of the hives so they couldn't interbreed. Then a visiting beekeeper saw the plates and removed them and the queens escaped and interbred with the local bee population. Apparently... According to the guy who bred the bees...As long as he doesn't pop up again in 20 years demanding 100 billion dollars to rid the world of the now sentient swarm... [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africanized_bee#History)
[This is a thing](https://youtu.be/1snD2zm1pBQ) I am actually a little bit giddy that they're returning. Edit: I posted this link because I had found it, but I hadn't watched it at the time. It's fucking amazing. I have laughed, I have almost cried, it's one of the best things I've watched (while drunk) in a long fucking while. The duck mix bit (about 24 mins in) is the best. I think even /u/fuckswithducks/ will love it.
They were driving an ice cream van
This made me almost as happy as the day I got married. I've watched it 3 times now. I am actually a little bit giddy with the idea that the KLF are back.
How much fun could you have with getting the person buying a round of drinks to order one for you. Confusion reigns as they are gently escorted out of the premises.
Or "duck" or "pet"
&gt; more recently, fentanyl in the system which exacerbates all the lethal side effects of opiates Fentanyl *is* an opiate. Just one that is 10 times stronger than heroin. 3mg of fentanyl is enough to kill an average human male. What happens is dealers mix fentanyl in to up the potency (especially if the heroin has already been cut), but the problem being that they often don't have the equipment to ensure accurate dosages or perfect mixing. So you end up with some batches that have an extra mg or two of Fentanyl, but when the lethal dose is 3mg that can be problematic.
&gt; Buddy Guy He's not your Guy, Friend!
Thats what the Iranians through as well.
That would be a boon to oceanographers. They have gotten a shed load of data from just [29,000 yellow ducks, red beavers, blue turtles and green frogs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friendly_Floatees) that washed off of a container ship in the early 90's.
The sort of friendship that may contain running and screaming and deaths of small children and the elderly due to smoke inhalation.
I had forgotten about the Lego one.
Really? You were all aware of it before you even started reading Reddit? As I suspect that you are suggesting that I pulled it from a TIL. Well it was a case of TIAK (Today I already Knew).
Oh I dunno. I had a massive argument with a friend once about 24 hour disposable contact lenses. He was adamant (which is why the massive argument ensued because it devolved into me calling him an utter bellend) that you just leave the contacts in your eyes and that they FUCKING DISSOLVE OVER NIGHT and then y0ou just pop in a new set... Nothing would convince him otherwise, we had several people pointing out the many problems with dissolvable lenses, the least of which being leaving residue in your eyes, but he was having none of it. In all other respects he was a perfectly intelligent guy in his early 20's. Apart from his steadfast belief in fucking magic disappearing contacts.
Also, employers can only **require** a sick note after 7 days of absence: &gt;Employees must give their employer a doctor’s ‘fit note’ (sometimes called a ‘sick note’) if they’re off sick for more than 7 days in a row (including non-working days). Anything less than 7 days is self certified.
Have you ever noticed how fingernail clippers are curved and toenail clippers are straight?
This is specifically the UK as it was a reply to: &gt; NHS ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
&gt; he made a strong opinion on that depression is just in your head Well that's not technically wrong... ;-)
Prostate exam.
By default, the PIX will allow traffic to flow from a high sec interface to a low sec interface if there is no access-list bound to the interface. So before you add that access list, your inside interface has a security setting of 100, your DMZ 10, and your outside 0, so inside can talk to everything. As soon as you apply that access-list to the inside interface the firewall *only* obeys the access-list, and there is an explicit drop at the end, so anything that isn't specifically allowed is denied. However, you are going about this wrong, you don't need to add a rule to the inside interface, you need to add it to the DMZ access-list. access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 eq X access-list DMZ_nat extended permit ip 192.168.2.17 255.255.255.255 10.50.13.44 255.255.255.255 Something like that should do the trick. edit: you also have a lot of redundant config in there as well. For instance: access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.17 host 192.168.2.17 eq sqlnet - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.17 host 192.168.2.17 eq 1435 - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.17 eq 1435 access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.17 eq sqlnet access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.30 host 192.168.2.20 eq sqlnet - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.30 host 192.168.2.20 eq 1435 - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.20 host 10.50.13.33 eq 8080 access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.29 host 192.168.2.20 eq 3389 - Redundant Your DMZ is 192.168.2.0/24, so there will never be a connectiton initiated from a 10.50.13.0 address on that interface, as that address lives behind the inside interface.
Work out which port it is seeing that MAC on, trace it, if it's another switch, then work out what port that switch sees it on. It sounds like you might have a loop somewhere maybe.
OK, well you have to tell it a port, or you can allow everything between them (which would be a bad thing). access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 any That will allow all TCP traffic. If you want UDP as well: access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit udp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 any How are you testing if you do not know what port yet? Are you trying to ping? If so, you would need a separate rule to allow for icmp traffic. access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit icmp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 any
I didn't notice the ip any any in there. That rule will be matching all traffic, all the lower rules are redundant. Essentially, access from your DMZ into your LAN is only actually limited by not having matching NAT statements for traffic, on an access-list level, everything is allowed. In PIX land, it checks your access list first, then if it is allowed by that it checks for a matching NAT statement, if there is not one, then it drops the traffic, if there is one it then NATs and allows it. I expect that everything in your DMZ has full access to the internet, but also now, everything in the DMZ has full access to 10.50.13.44, as you now have an applicable NAT statement, and ACL "ip any any" is allowing traffic to it. If you do a "show access-list DMZ_Access_in" then it should have the number of times each rule has been hit. Its highly likely that most of those rules have a 0 next to them.
&gt; if the server tried to initiate a new connection to 10.0.0.25, who will respond? 192.168.1.60 or 192.168.1.25? 192.168.1.25 My Fortigate is a bit rusty, but IIRC if you have a VIP assigned to an IP, then all you need to do is set the rule Enable NAT “Use outgoing interface address”. You do not need to setup a NAT pool for it, each internal IP will obey its VIP IP outbound, and any inbound traffic will be sent to the associated internal IP. edit: I didn't realise you don;t want a 1-to-1 nat for everything. Define VIPs for only the IP's you need, then just use an overload pool that doesn't include the VIPs for the rest.
My first hard drive was 40MB as well. Which they considered so cavernous that it came, pre-partitioned, into 2 20MB partitions.
Wing Commander II came on 24 floppies IIRC. You've not lived until you've had to install Office on 25 PC's using floppies...
They're all powers of 2. Everything in computer world works on powers of 2 due to binary. so 16MB is 2^24 bytes, 32MB is 2^25 bytes, 64MB is 2^26 etc.
You subtle fucking genius.
as the domain admin of a small company, I wrote a script, using PStools (this was back in the NT4 days) which would allow me to run any arbitrary command on every single machine one the domain. Quite often, after a boozy Friday lunch time I would tell it to randomly eject every single CD-ROM drive in the building. It's a weird fucking sound to hear about 90 machines in an open plan office all open their CD-ROM drives at the same time. I also realised that the same script would allow me to delete the entire registry of every machine on the domain from the root down... I decided to retire it.
potato tomato
Of course there is. In comparison to 918 a Boxster is most definitely the "low" end of the Porsche range. It's all relative.
There has to be a /r/perfectloop out of that Edit: also /r/totallynotrobots dancing.
Thats why country estates had stone pineapples on their gateposts, and why the Wimbledon trophy has a pineapple on the top of it.
Now toss me the pig skin.
That's pretty much my wife's opinion of what I do. I work as an IT Security Consultant &amp; Architect. My wife literally smiles and nods when I tell her about my woes. She tells people that ask that I "do something with firewalls". I do work for major banks and government organisations FFS!
&gt; They always have an excuse if they get caught, plus in the UK if your excuse is legit enough, they won't do anything. There was a guy that they did do something to. Mainly because he was putting **everything** through as ["loose onions"](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/10345050/Supermarket-thiefs-loose-onion-scam-ends-in-tears.html) which was the cheapest by weight item. He was basically buying everything he put through the till at 19p/kg. He was eventually caught when they realised *they didn't even stock loose onions in that store!!*
A buddy of mine actually emailed Dave, several years before Dave Ja Vu" came out, and suggested that they should have a Dave+1 and call it that. He got a reply saying "we don't take unsolicited ideas".
Does Sherlock count? If so, there'd either be world peace within weeks, or full blown nuclear war in days. If not, then it would be Martin Blank from Grosse Point Blank. A professional hitman having an existential crisis.
This would be to distinguish it from Plah-Doh, which is primarilly made of water and flour. From their website: &gt; Play-Doh compound is non-toxic, non-irritating &amp; non-allergenic except as noted: **Children who are allergic to wheat gluten may have an allergic reaction to this product**. Also, due to the high salt content in Play-Doh compound, the product can be harmful to pets if ingested.
It one of those weird cognitive biases that people pick up, along with "cars in the old days were much sturdier, built like tanks and therefore safer in a crash". They often have heard a story whereby someone wasn't wearing a seatbelt in a crash and were flung from the car, surviving with little to no injuries, and another belted occupant on the car died or was severely injured. TL;DR people are morons who believe stupid things.
I know, but they actually think that because cars used to be made of of sheet steel and pig iron, and they're now made of aluminium and plastic and crumple at the slightest impact that old cars are therefore stronger. Well, technically they're right, old cars were stronger, but that just means that all the energy from an impact is transferred to the squishy bags of blood in the car instead. [this is an interesting comparisson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joMK1WZjP7g)
[Indeed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joMK1WZjP7g)
&gt; Maybe she had something heavy in the back seat (nothing like that was mentioned by him but it would make sense) or something but it is kind of scary to think about. There was an [advert on UK TV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWLmoeoHrP4) for a while about what happens if you have an unbuckled passenger in the back seat. Crashes are such a weird dynamic situation that all sorts of craziness can happen, yeah there will be situations where being belted in may kill you, but they are very much the exception rather than the norm, unfortunately, humans are very strange creature who will disregard empirical evidence in place of anecdotal evidence.
&gt; The seat belt law pisses me off solely because it's authoritarian. Thats the point of laws. They are authoritarian, precisely because people are idiots, you have to cater for the lowest common denominator. &gt; I have to argue against something that should be common sense because I'm being told I have to do it regardless of my opinion on the matter. TBH that just makes you sound like a contrary asshole. You don't *have* to argue anything... "I'm going to argue against something I actually think is right just because I don't like people telling me what to do".
As *bright* as the moon, not the same size. It would be the brightest point in the sky.
It would be interesting if he used something like an employee discount, and *thats * why he went to Walmart for lunch.
The advantage is meant to be in the fact that the two layers use different vendors, so if a vulnerability occurs then it only affects one layer. There is little to no point in having multiple layers of the same vendor, especially if it is a virtualized platform, as you lose the inherent advantage of the layers not having the same vulnerabilities. There is also some advantage with the outer layer being a "plain" (i.e. not NG) firewall just doing layer 3 filtering, that way you can drop a fuck load of traffic before running it through your Next Gen firewall with all its inspection capabilities. I've worked in environments where you have more than two layers between servers and the internet, and no device is allowed to jump more than one layer directly (most I've seen was client PC's being 5 layers in from the internet). Things like Proxies in outer DMZ, load balancer in the inner DMZ and clients internal. When it comes to things like VDOMS, I tend to treat them as a single horizontal layer, there is no real inherent advantage of passing the same traffic back and forth through the same physical device. Its more of a shared scalable resource for service providers rather than a way of implementing multiple layers of firewall.
&gt; Maybe one day you'll be able to say "Alexa flush the toilet" Maybe you will, but on that day, the person who's actually on the toilet is going to be fucking pissed off. "Alexa, bidet function on"... Now you have shit on the bidet arm, and the oscillating motion just makes everything worse.
&gt; Never trust LED Indicators to tell you something is working correctly, even if the voltage is there, mostly. Maybe you needed an LED indicator to tell you if the LED indicator was working? :-P
Making sandwiches?
&lt;=== I HAVE A PEN
There was a similar loophole in the UK whereby you could refuse to identify yourself in speed camera pictures on the grounds that you would be incriminating yourself, and a non-admission couldn't be used as evidence against you. They closed that loophole a few years back.
Technically I think you ride directly into their face. Poor little bee is just buzzing along, minding its own business, then **WHAM** something the size of a large building slams into it at 70MPH. You monster.
It probably doesn't actually contain any honey, so the quotes may actually be necessary.
Well, it's "honey" for sure, just not honey. :-)
If the Cisco switchport is configured as a trunk carrying VLAN101, then you will need to configure the VLAN interface with a tag (which is essentially the equivalent of setting up your interface as a single VLAN trunk) If the switchport is an access-port in VLAN101, then you do not need to configure a VLAN interface on your firewall, just a normal interface with no VLAN info. Trunking is just a way of saying that you can have multiple VLANs on a single interface, in the non-switch world this is (usually) achieved by having multiple VLAN sub-interfaces with the requisite VLAN. As this is a firewall, you will generally need an "inside" and an "outside" VLAN/interface/zone. It sounds like the admin will assign the "other" 10 ports in the facility into the "inside" VLAN, and then the outside of your firewall would connect into the "outside" VLAN. You would need to enable DHCP on the inside VLAN interface for your PCs, then the firewall will route via the outside interface to the rest of the network. Its possible that the outside interface could be a DHCP client interface, or the admin will give you a static IP to assign to that. As it sounds like you only have a single port for your firewall, you will have to essentially configure it as a physical "on a stick". You would have the to VLANs (outside and inside) configured on the same physical interface. Traffic will come from your client PC's to their local switchport on the "inside" VLAN, across the switch infrastructure to the inside VLAN interface of your sonicwall, the sonicwall then processes the traffic according to its firewall rules, then send it outbound via the "outside" VLAN. Hopefully this makes the above a bit clearer: http://imgur.com/a/TNRId Red is "inside" traffic, Blue is "outside" traffic and purple is a trunk that mixes both (being that purple is red and blue)
And maybe some upper decking...
It depends more on the outbound rules you have and the type of access that each vendor has to the device. For instance, if you are only allowing incoming connections to 10.10.10.10 from both the IP's its not an issue at all. If you are also allowing outbound access *initiated from* 10.10.10.10 to 1.1.1.1 and 2.2.2.2, concievably you could remote into 10.10.10.10 via SSH or RDP from 1.1.1.1 (depending on what the device is) and then initiate a connection back to 2.2.2.2. From the firewalls point of view, the outbound connection will be seen as being initiated from 10.10.10.10 (as it is), so it would allow it, and there is little you could do to prevent this. However, there is no easy way to route directly from 1.1.1.1 to 2.2.2.2 without some major config work (you could do it with a pair of VPN tunnels and some NATing) edit: you didn't mention if there were VPN tunnels involved, but as you are asking the question in the first place I will assume not :-)
No, not the right subreddit... But: Looking at it, the batch file is disconnecting your current wireless connection, the using the XML to setup a new WiFi profile with the school settings. It looks like it is a non-broadcasting SSID using WEP &amp; 802.1x for authentication. (so you'll probably need your school ID/password for that) The reg key is setting up your internet conneection setting to use  http://172.16.0.100/wpad.dat for autoconfig of proxy. If they're sensible, there will be firewall rules that only allow you to talk to the virtual desktop server, or they will assign access based on your 802.1x authentication.
One of my earliest memories is coming home from school one day to find my Dad was home (which was a surprise because he worked during the week usually), and was sat in the corner of the living room, where there was a new desk with a TV on it displaying a rotating "thing". That thing was the Coriolis station at Lave. He had taken the day off of work, bought a BBC Model B, a pair of analogue joysticks and a copy of Elite.
Same here with my Mum and line printer paper. She was (and still is) a VAX Cobol programmer, used to have boxes of printouts on the green/white striped A3 fan fold paper. All of the drawing paper, all of the time.
Time for crug give up fur skin and go for walk in cold white not come back.
Nope, it was a pair of analogue joysticks on a single connector with potentiometers and a single button, they weren't even auto centering. The BBC B only had a analogue port on the back and if you wanted a digital joystick I think you were limited to the special edition Kempston that they made for the BBC. Your standard 9-pin Atari compatible joysticks didn't work. edit: found a picture [online of them](http://sayzey.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/20130612-012957.jpg) I wish I still had all the kit, but it all disappeared when my parents got divorced. We had all sorts of stuff, by the end it was in a difference case with a [separate keyboard with space for *two* floppy drives in it.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/43/f9/6a/43f96a4b899e291cd6a531e73acdd22d.jpg) A sideways ROM expansion board so you could plug EPROMS into it with programs on, plus the good old TeleText adaptor so you could view teletext and download programs from teletext.
Yep! 👆 Also used to wrap my sister in it by running round and round in circles. Then you could burst out of it like emerging from a cocoon.
Yep, they're still ticking away in the basements of some very large organisations. She works for a global food production company, and it still runs a good percentage of their back end systems. They've been transitioning away for about 10+ years, but it's slow going apparently. I like to tease her that she's a dying breed. She'll be 70 this year. edit: It's probably actually VMS on something newer than a VAX now I think about it, then again she still call British Telecom the GPO, and they haven't been called that in nearly 50 years. But its still big old honking mainframes sitting in a basement somewhere.
A Checkpoint in bridge mode doesn't support NAT. Its rare to have a Checkpoint in bridge mode though, unless it's only working as an IDS/DLP/URL Filtering, or as a PoC install. I think I've probably seen only one transparent mode Checkpoint acting as an actual firewall You *could* do your NAT on the router, but it would be fairly uncommon. Well, unless its a SoHo piece of consumer crap.
The tech for analogue joysticks was really simple, it is literally two rotary potentiometers. These days they use optical encoders and the like, but this was as simple as it goes, two variable resistors, one for X and one for Y axis, plus a single button. Actually most analogue joysticks were this way until USB days. Old PC analogue joystick ports you used to get on soundblaster were pretty much the same thing.
Yes, indeed, two of everything ideally.
You've actually done it! I've been wanting a way to smack users in the face over TCP/IP for years. Sure this is RS232, but its a start. You should get a Kickstarter going.
Yes there is. DNS based filtering is all well and good, but it is simple to evade. What you need is a transparent filtering solution. This will work great for HTTP traffic, but as its a guest network you can't do full HTTPS interception, however, the certificate handshake is visible, so you can block based on domain name instead. Checkpoint for instance have their URL filtering blade that does this.
Doesn't prevent use of local host files or accessing websites via IP.
As smart as you can for the first day at the least until you get the lay of the land. If everyone else is in jeans and t-shirts then great, ditch the suit and follow the crowd. I've done a few contracts in various financial/banking institutions and they have varied from full suit/tie every single day to jeans/t-shirts/trainers every day, with a bunch of business casual in the middle. I usually find, the older the institution, the more likely they are to enforce old world dress codes.
Take a look into Skybox Network and Firewall Assurance. It will easily automatically deal with your environment, I know of it being used in environments with 10,000+ nodes in it. Not only will it pull in the configs from all your devices and create a virtual network map, but it can also receive logs from firewalls to determine which rules are in use, and if you can tighten them up. You can also use it as a centralised firewall manager for multiple platforms to push changes out, so all you need to tell it to do is allow from X to Y, and it works out which devices to make changes on and what changes to make and then will make the changes, it even has the ability to put this into a work flow so that it automatically goes off for authorisation for changes etc.
The short answer is no. What your "edge device" does is provide all of your security for incoming/outgoing traffic and network address translation from your internal IP range to your public address range (even if that range is 1 address). In theory, you *could* possibly remove it and connect directly into your switch, and do *some* of the functions, but there is no way on gods green earth that you would ever actually *want* to do this as it would leave you with little to no security at all. It sounds like your Sonicwall is under specced for the job its doing. I would see about getting a bigger device, or something a bit better.
Not a clue, but its not cheap. IIRC you license it by the number of devices. I don't get involved with the money side of stuff, I just design and then implement half my design because they don't have the budget for the full solution :-)
If its accessible to the OS, then in theory an application could make use of it. For instance [this reads and display all USB devices that are *or have been* connected](http://www.nirsoft.net/utils/usb_devices_view.html) and if they have a serial number it displays that as well. Importantly, this information **does not** require admin privileges to view, so conceivably any application can pull this info and do whatever it likes with it. edit: I just realised you meant can Windows work out what accounts you have. Yes, depending on how the account information is stored. If it is stored in the registry, then yes, windows (and anything else that can read the registry) could pull that info. At the very minimum, assuming your account name is stored encrypted within a programme data file instead of the registry, then at minimum the OS knows the client is installed. I don't use Steam personally, but I don't believe your credit card info is stored locally, it will (hopefully) be tokenized and encrypted on the Steam account servers, so the OS (and by extension other applications) could not get at that directly. At a certain point you have to point at least a level of trust into the OS, as the OS always has ways of getting at anything/everything stored on the computer simply because everything on the computer runs through the OS.
You can dump the configs into it manually, so theres no problems there, you obviously won;t be able to do automated config pushes, but that's something that would come along later (should you desire) and it would by necessity need some major planning and procedural changes within your organisation to implement that side of it. Getting the virtual network built within the Skybox environment would be the important bit from your side. Get them to come in and maybe do you a small demo. They don;t generally give out eval licenses anay more as people would just get an eval, analyse their network, tidy up their rulebase and then not use it ongoing. Either that, or some consultancies will have a portable consultancy license that they can use to analyse your network. My company has one of those as we are Skybox partners.
Simply doing a search for the .exe file associated with the application should tell you if it is installed. Registry keys associated with it would tell you.
Yeah, I saw that one knocking about at Xmas time. Perfectly acceptable for some form of pastry, or ice-cream or some sort of tart or flan, but *crisps*?
&gt; So I guess you can blame me for that one! I hope you can buy nothing but shit crisps forever now!
Baked bean flavour is borderline, at least it is a savoury flavour. If I wanted my crips to taste like fermented oranges I'll dip some ready salted ones in some cointreau
Very. You'll find a lot of larger, older companies still have ancient mainframes running essential core systems. My nearly 70 year old mother is still gainfully employed by a *massive* US company as a COBOL programmer with VAX Experience because a large percentage of their global shipping operations are still running on these systems. The project to move them into a more modern environment has been occurring for about the last 15 years. The end is not in sight.
I think those went years ago. Well, they're not allowed to market them as candy cigarettes anymore at the very least.
I bet the bacon was stuck together and you couldn't pull a whole rasher out in one piece.
Moist. Flange. Gusset. All worse.
Not exactly "in formal attire".
Well, if you call winning not meeting any of your original major objectives...
Ha, I've never watched that all the way to the end before. I always clicked off after he hands him the wallet as the chavs voice annoys the shit outta me. Gotta say, harsh, but fair.
That's shitty. How does something like this even clear the last stages of Q&amp;A?
&gt; LG made this, not Apple. LG made the previous ones as well. Apple doesn't manufacture its own stuff. It designs everything then gets someone else to put them together. They used Samsung screens in their iPhones.
&gt;A total of 20,643 Christians (as defined) were observed, and 2241 (10.9%) were carrying umbrellas. (The percentage on a given day ranged from 0 to 88% and seemed related to the weather, though weather record were not kept and statistical proof of the suspected correlation cannot be calculated. This may prove a worthy subject of a future experiment.) Despite the sizeable sample, none were under lion attack. This guy sciences.
To shreds you say?
Can you play mumbly peg with it?
Because in the US they half arsed it with chip and signature whereas everywhere else in the world uses chip and PIN. It's not checking your signature against anything, it's just storing it in case of fraud claims.
dbedit won't work because that edits the management server database, on the management module. All the firewalls themselves have is a compiled policy. There is another possibility, you *can* do a install with both FW and management on the same box in HA, it's not commonly done, but it is supported. On one of the firewalls run the command cpstat mg That will tell you if it is running the management module. If it is then just connect smartdashboard to the firewall IP. You might need to add your IP into the GUI Clients list if this is the case, you do this through the command *cpconfig*. You will need to delete and recreate the Administrator account with a new password (this is for the Dashboard only, does not affect SSH/HTTPS) Otherwise check the file $FWDIR/conf/masters, that should give you an indication of the management server hostname. Additionally, if you to a : netstat -na | grep 257 That will show you if there are any active, off box, logging connections established to the management server.
Roses are red, Violets are red, Trees are red, Holy shit someone set my garden on fire!
I've been in IT for 20 or so years now. Started as a help desk monkey where everything could be fixed by turning it off and on again. Moved into networking, can't just reboot a switch, but what you can do is shutdown and then restart individual ports, which amounts to the same thing and often gets the job done. Now I'm a consultant, a lot of my job seems to be writing documents explaining *why* we should turn the big thing off and on again to make it work again after doing all of the above things. Basically, it *is* turtles all of the way down...
The problem is that with a land speed record you can fully grade the track, get it perfectly flat, have people walk along it before the run and make sure there is no debris etc. On water you can't do that, yeah you can find a big open expanse, yeah you can wait for a still day to do your run, but all it takes is a sudden gust of wind to bring up a bit of swell and all of a sudden you have a tiny ramp on your run, when you going 500+ km/h you're going flying.
Fatality rate has been 100% since 1978... That is only 2 deaths, but it's incredibly difficult to make a boat go fast on water without it becoming an short lived aeroplane, and once it becomes a short-lived aeroplane it very rapidly becomes a crumpled box full of water and meat. If you think about it, with the land speed record, the faster you go, the more downforce pushes you into the surface, the less likely you are to turn into a pinwheel, but you can't do this on water for obvious reasons.
To shreds you say?
There's still a bunch of people out there building boats for it. You are totally right, these are the sort of people who would go for the record even if the official record was a notebook in a local pub. The current record holder built his boat, in his backyard in Sydney, from a military surplus jet engine he bought for $AUS 60 that was designed in the 1940's. As the aussies would say, *fair dinkum mate*.
There are so many bullshit records now that have just been made up so the person can gain a record. Like [Fastest time to eat a Chocolate Orange](http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/world-records/89649-fastest-time-to-eat-a-chocolate-orange) (1 minute 16 seconds), which actually is a record that may stand forever, because Terry's (the manufacturer) recently changed the size of the orange to be smaller, so unless someone has kept a stash of the original sized one, then it will stay forever. Or [Most jelly eaten with chopsticks in one minute](http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/world-records/most-jelly-eaten-with-chopsticks-in-one-minute) (679 grams)... Seriously, thats just someone going "I want a world record, but I don't give a crap about what's it in".
I was about to give IETab a shoutout. It's a great addon for chrome, doesn't always work fully (Sharepoint I'm looking at you!), but for most things it's spot on. I especially like the fact that you can set it so that certain sites *always open* into an IETab.
I hate it when theres something sliding about in the boot of my car. I can't imagine how annoying that sound would be travelling the length of a bus, especially if it was on the upper deck and rolling back and forth over my head.
Is there a "good faith" defence for libel? Meaning that the guy who was fined did not know that the statement he was liking was libelous, so acted in "good faith" when he clicked like.
I find it shocking sometimes. I'm an IT consultant, so I also often have a shed load of tabs open to various appliances. Even with an i7 and 24GB of RAM in my laptop Chrome often starts to chug and I have to kill off a load of tabs and then restart it to bring it back to life. I just find it crazy that sometimes my browser will consume more RAM than one of my F5 VM's I have running in the background.
A lot of places won't allow self service logging of anything above a normal user request. You want a medium, high or critical ticket logged, you need to ring helpdesk and log the ticket through them and they will triage it and assign the correct level.
Their name gives it away. Human Resources... That's all we are to them, company resources made of ambulatory meat. We mean no more to them than a shelf of cleaning products means to a janitor.
No, as the entire definition of rape is that it is non-consensual, it's the main defining factor... All rape is sex, but not all sex is rape.
There's also a very good "hidden" function called psr.exe. Problem Steps Recorder. It's great for making documentation or instructions as it takes a screenshot every time you click on something and documents what you clicked, highlights it, show what you typed into a window etc.
Thats why i specifically stated the **Guinness** record. Currently any new attempts at the record are overseen by Union Internationale Motonautique, and while if broken it will be a World record, it will not be a *Guinness* World record. There have only been two official attempts at the record since '78, both resulting in fatalities. The record still stands. It is entirely possible that during practising that the actual speed has been bettered, but it has not been officially recorded, so it isn't a record either by Guinness (who would not accept it or officiate it) or by the UIM. Though I would highly expect that if one of the teams *had* beaten the speed, if only in testing, they would have been crowing about it.
No worries. Record still stand though. No one has gone faster (at least not for an extended period and without dying).
&gt; you absolutely absolutely have to have that signed off and documented and covered over and over and over. Not only for your protection as the receiver of the hardware, it's also to indemnify the company who lets you take it.
One laptop maybe, two possibly, 22 though? Also the fact that he filled out the paperwork to make it look like he had followed the normal procedure is a big red flag.
Not sure you need to be trained on "don;t steal 22 laptops from your employer".
How can you not know where Scotland is? Even "North" would be an acceptable answer.
Kinder Eggs
Peyote is native to Texas.
Nah, fuck him. Who gives a fuck what he was thinking. He stole 22 laptops with the intent on making some quick money off of Craigslist.
Well, unless you're a native American.
TIL my 2 year old is a train.
Rubbish, my red string is obviously highly superior, your green string doesn't even match my outfit!
Invalid. [No sense of humour.](https://comedyclassdotcom.wordpress.com/the-formula-for-a-joke/)
What else would you do though? Let the guy go home and dispose of the evidence?
[The Power Of Nightmares](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Power_of_Nightmares) is a fantastic documentary about the rise of radical Islam and neoconservativsm in the wake of the end of the cold war, and how geopolitics has given rise to the current climate of fear based on terrorism.
I'm a senior IT security consultant. I spend about 25% of my time on the road going to customer sites. My home working hours tend to be driven by the fact that a lot of my work has to be done outside of normal business hours because all those poor bastards stuck in offices all day complain if I upgrade a firewall and they can't get of Facebook for 10 minutes. As long as I get my billable hours in for the month I am given total leeway on when and how I do my work.
I wouldn't say that at all. IT doesn't need any qualifications to get into really. I started at the bottom after flunking out of university because going clubbing and getting stoned was much more fun than lectures on materials science. I got what was meant to be a 4 week temporary job unpacking and plugging in and setting up 150 news PCs for the local college. Ended up staying for 9 months as their gopher technician. Now a large number of years later here I am able to get up pretty much when I want and being let loose on banks and government organisations network security. Until the last couple of years I didn't have any IT qualifications at all, and the ones I do have now are purely because we need to keep a certain number of staff in hand with vendor certification to keep our partnership level with them to attain big resale discounts. If you have the enthusiasm for the industry and willingness to learn and take on challenges, then you don't need qualifications to get into IT. My previous company used to take on people who had zero networking experience and train them up to be first line network security technicians, who would eventually escape into the wild and go make a career for themselves.
$10 equivalent in the UK, and that would simply be the cost of the prescription for your medication.
They look like my daughter dresses when I let her choose what to wear and her mum's not in to stop me going "eh, if that's what you want to wear.." Going to the supermarket? Pink tutu over a cat print hoodie dress plus sparkly trainers? Why the fuck not let's go kiddo.
Comté (which is very much like a French Gruyère), with some crackers and maybe some port.
Yeah, exactly that. Bit sweet, bit nutty, bit salty, not too soft. That and a nice brie and I'm happy as larry.
I reckon it's go well with a nice sharp crisp apple like A Granny Smith maybe. Couldn't tell you about pears as I can't stand them, they're like a half arsed apple made with extra grit in them. Fuckin' pears man, whats the point? * not ripe * not ripe * not ripe * **BAM!** * pool of brown slime.
There was obviously something else in the crate as evidenced by the crumbs on the left. Some sort of fried food sharing platter maybe?
Yeah, those are pretty cool. Until the fuckers go off in the middle of the night for some unknown reason while buried in the depths of the toybox which then sets off half a dozen other things, some of which batteries are failing and producing weird drawn out renditions of Old MacDonald..
Very well said. You rarely find that it's actual immigrants who become radicalised and commit these attrocities. The actual immigrants *know* what sort of oppressive ideas these radical groups are spouting, FFS that's a lot of the reasoning behind why they want to get the fuck out of where they come from in the first place. It's the second and 3rd generation kids born here that feel they are lost between two cultures, angry, not fully developed adults and ripe for someone whispering radicalising things into their ears like "the government of this country doesn't care about you" or "look what they do to people who look like you" etc.
This is /r/WeWantPlates not /r/WeWantEggCups and tbh even if you posted this in /r/WeWantEggCups *they'd* take the piss as well :)
Don't forget that Tor was actually originally developed by personnel from DARPA and US Naval Research labs and was primarily funded by the US Federal government, for the exact reasons you state.
End to end encryption *is not rare* at all! WhatsApp is end to end encrypted. iMessage is end to end encrypted. Facebook messenger is end to end encrypted. That's just the apps the you can pretty much expect *normal* users to use. I've been running signal as my SMS app for a couple of years now. That is not only end to end encrypted, it's open source, so even if the government mandated that there is a back door put into it, all someone needs to do is compile their own version from source and no back door... The cat is way way way out of the bag in regards to end to end encryption, banning or backdooring only serves to destroy the privacy of everyone who is law abiding and has nothing to hide, whilst not actually helping with the fight against extremists who'll just move to a roll your own app. All gaining access to everyones communications does is up the noise in the signal to noise ratio. They're looking for a needle in a haystack now, but you start recording everything and you're looking for a needle that could be in any one of a thousand haystacks, *or not even there at all*.
What? I named *the* 3 biggest messaging apps. The ones that everyone uses. I challenge you to find me a smartphone that doesn't have at least one installed. While they exist, they will definitely be in the minority. I wouldn't try to name them all because there's literally thousands or more of them. End to end encryption is ubiquitous on smartphone platforms. It is not rare in the least.
I also don't think he's actually sung the entirety of Angels live since 1997. I'm not even convinced he knows the words any more. If he had gotten the crowd to sing any more of it they could have just replaced him with a cardboard cutout. He wouldn't even place in the top 10 of a Robbie Williams impersonator talent contest.
I'm not convinced that will.i.am is actually human. I think theres a fleet of will.i.am androids, that's why he turns up everywhere. Any event, they just break one out of local storage and power it up.
It's because they didn't have any will.i.am units in cold storage in the Manchester area to bring online. So they had to boot up a will.i.am android from London storage and didn't have enough time to update his parameters.
She could have gotten Robbie Williams to get a couple of warm up singing lessons.
Same here. Like something out of The Lawnmower Man I suspect.
I swear people think that nukes are just a big fucking bang that sorts all the problems out.
&gt; I just have some really long pre-termed cat 6 cables which I'd like to cut down to more manageable sizes for the sake of being frugal. Don't do it man! You'll kick yourself in a couple of weeks when you suddenly have a need for a long cable and you realised you butchered all your decent long cables. Just buy shorter cables, it'll be cheaper in the long run. Oh, and you don't even need a crimper. I literally once terminated a cat-3 cable using a pair of pliers, a claw hammer and a butter knife. It was an emergency cable for a LAN party, but it worked.
[Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/film/JurassicWorld/jurassic%20world%2014-xlarge.jpg) Though the answer to that question was "Yes, of course they fucking should, why wouldn't you? Get out of my office!"
"That's an awfully nice multicultural country you have there... It'd be a shame if someone was to radicalise 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants..."
Hmm, it must be. My bad. I think mine must have been to latest vote on the extra provisions to it recently being specifically only the Internet Connection Records bit (the bit that the politicians exempted themselves from)
Unlikely. Seriously, unless you are already under the microscope for something else, they are highly unlikely to even care. If they're not doing any blocking, then they're unlikely to be doing actual usage logs as well. The access outbound is valid traffic, as the firewall rule in this case is likely allowing traffic to the entire internet on HTTP and HTTPS. Firewall audits only really tend to go through the logs to compare them against the rulebase to see what rules are being used and which ones aren't so that unused rules can be deleted, or overly permissive rules tightened down. I do 3rd party firewall audits, I have literally never been asked to report on actual web usage of any user from the logs, I purely review them for operational security reasons. Unless your company has a history of reviewing historical user access logs and firing people for what they find based on nothing else other than those findings I highly suspect you have not a single thing to worry about. Even if they do, unless they are some sort of absolute zero tolerance outfit, and unless you already have form for looking at NSFW material at work and have already been warned about it, it sounds like official warning, don't do it again territory to me, especially if it is outside of core business hours and on your own hardware. At a previous company, we actually had a sales guy who called a phone sex line, on his company mobile, and **fell asleep for 8 hours while still on the line**. The phone bill was hillarious and "leaked" out into the general staff population, he kept his job though. So unless you were spanking it with the volume cranked up having already been warned about watching porn at work, I should think you're pretty much in the clear. And if you're not, then there's fuck all you can do about it now, so if they ever mention it just stick to your story and hope for the best.
Not only does that look terrible to eat, it looks like a really shitty Bloody Mary, and there's *no* excuse for that.
&gt; the outside of eggs aren't the cleanest of surfaces, think of where they came from If only there was some way to heat the eggs, maybe in a pool of liquid, to a temperature that known to kill bacteria that harbour in/on eggs. It's be really really handy if it happened to coincide with the method of cooking a boiled egg, but that's just some crazy pipe dream...
Can confirm, they are called [soldiers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soldiers_\(food\)) in the UK.
You can buy the cartons separately. Especially considering that using the original carton would actually not work out, because the carton piece to hold 2 eggs actually uses up 12 eggs worth of carton... To get that particular shape the need to cut along the adjacent full rows surrounding the two whole "cups". So for every two eggs served you need to have used 12 eggs to provide enough of the original carton to use in this fashion. Also, how often do you eat the shell of an egg anyway?
The front fell off?
If Sir Bearington isn't the all time top story I'll be most disappointed. edit: doesn't even appear in the top list :(
**C**omputer **U**ser **N**on **T**echnical
There are also layers 9 &amp; 10 Layer 8: The individual person. Layer 9: The organization. Layer 10: Government or legal compliance
Not even kidding. The train station near the old Millwall ground used to have actual honest to God holding pens at it to keep visiting fans safe.
There's only two things I hate in this world. People who are intolerant of other people's cultures and the Dutch.
I've had people blame the firewall for two servers *on the same subnet and the same switch* not being able to talk to each other.
Oh god! And it's a Microsoft NLB that's running on it... AKA *why the fuck is everything switch flooding now*
Yeah, surprisingly in my area, UKIP went from 20% to 5%, and it looks like of those 15 percentage points, 10 when to Labour. Through 5 went to the tories.
About 2/3rds for leave. It'll be interesting to see the age breakdown though.
He chose...Poorly.
I think legally they are a form of hummus. Or is it starch based glue, never sure.
I dunno, if someone threw a handful of change at your face you might agree.
[Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada doo de doo doo de doo doo de doo doo do](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAYhNHhxN0A)
The problem with that is that the reader itself is unlikely to survive. Well, unless you put the blueprints for it onto vellum... :-)
Maybe into data crystals that will last far longer than just a few thousand years. And there is terrabytes of space in a little 1 cubic centimeter data cube. http://www.southampton.ac.uk/news/2016/02/5d-data-storage-update.page Wait a minute...
I've started to pretend that they're collectors cards. Yay! I got manky stoma, what did you get? Dead babies? Lucky bastard
That's legitimately amazing! I showed my wife and she went "oooh, I want."
It's the Internet itself trying to communicate with us. It tried cat pictures and we still haven't responded, so now we have /u/shittymorph
&gt; We are working on a solution with our vendor that will ensure that HTTPS traffic will work normally in the future. Thats actually pretty fucking ominous from an Internet Security standpoint, there have been instances whereby CAs have actually created signed CA capable certs that you can sign MiTM appliances and be trusted (looking at you BlueCoat). I would be incredibly worried on the day when imgur doesn't give you an error on Vodafone, as at that point they either removed the interception, **or** they actually properly broke HTTPS and you should be incredibly worried about *all* HTTPS traffic through that provider.
It's a pain in the ass if you wear glasses. My eyelashes are long enough that they rub on the inside of my glasses, I'm constantly having to clean them.
Why would I want american cheese wrapped in edible gold leaf?
Its all about perspective. Country on fire with people exploding at random = Keep Calm and Carry on. Made some tea, but someone used up all the milk = End Of the fucking world.
Not only that, but it would be free the first time to "get you hooked"...
&gt; A former Australian plumber So what nationality is he now?
I know, it's not like it was tree fiddy.
&gt; I pretty much take this approach when it comes to speeding. I've never been pulled over unfairly, every time has been well north of the posted limit, so I don't see an honest reason to fight it. Same here. I have been pulled a couple of times over the last few years, and *every* single time it was warranted because of my speed. Every single time I have been hilariously polite, agreed with everything they have said, not made any excuses etc, listened to their lectures and either been sent on my way with a stern talking to (that was a 90 in a 60), or let off with a minor ticket (£30 fine &amp; 3 points) instead of an automatic ban (118 *average* in a 70). No matter what you think of the speeding laws, if a copper pulls you over, arguing with them is never going to make the situation better.
Who can take your trash out? Stomp it down for you? Shake the plastic bag and do the twisty thingy too? THE GARBAGE MAN!! Oh the Garbage Man can The Garbage Man can and he does it with a smile and never judges you. Who can take this diaper? I don't mind at all Who can clean me up before the big policeman's ball? THE GARBAGE MAN yes the garbage man can The sanitation folks are jolly friendly blokes courteous and easy going they mop up when your over flowing and tell you when your arse is showing Who can..... Who can..... Who can..... Who can..... THE GARBAGE MAN CAN!! 'Cause he's Homer Simpson Man HE CLEANS THE WORRRRLD FOOOORRR YOOOUUU
I also subscribe to the idea that when you are a kid there are relatively few big events you look forward to. Birthday, Xmas (other winter solstice celebrations are available), end of school term/semester. Once you're an adult you have a payday every month and end of your working week as your next "big" thing.
Sorry folks the parks closed, the moose out front should have told ya
Pig existed and was as big as claimed, but it was not a wild pig, it had been bred and then released specifically to be hunted.
Or predestination paradox. Then you *have* to meddle in history, because "history" won't happen unless you do meddle, or don't, it's pre-destination, so whatever you decide to do it's all good. Obviously you won't know until the date of your birth, but fuck it, at that point you have lived 3000-(current age) years, so its all gravy.
Simple. How to extract the ingredients for gunpowder from different sources. Where to find specific ores. Basic metallurgy &amp; chemistry. With that you could rule the world in pretty short order. If you take a pack of cheap cigarette lighters as well you would be considered a god.
&gt; As an aside, a Cornetto is a prepacked ice cream cone similar to an American Drumstick. One appears in all 3 films. Not only that, but it is a [different flavour](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Flavours_Cornetto_trilogy) in each film denoted by the colour in a thematic link to the film subject. &gt;Shaun of the Dead features a strawberry-flavoured Cornetto, which signifies the film's bloody and gory elements, Hot Fuzz includes the blue original Cornetto, to signify the police element to the film, and The World's End features the green mint chocolate chip flavour (though only shown by a wrapper caught in the wind) representing "little green men" and science fiction.
That's the beauty of it being predestined. whatever you do is the "right" thing...
It was a partial [Terry Pratchett reference](https://wiki.lspace.org/mediawiki/Quantum_weather_butterflies) really, but yes, I was conflating chaos theory and the butterfly effect. (and yes I know it's not the butterfly that "causes" the storm as such, it's the failure to take into account of the flapping of the butterfly wings as part of the initial variables as a minor change to the input variables can cause a massive difference in the output of a system.)
It's turtles all the way down maaaaan!
Turns out that after a couple of millennia to think about it, 2000 year old me realises I'm a dick and wants nothing to do with me. *However* he can't meddle with my pre-immortal life just in case the only non-predestined portion of the whole thing is me. I rock up at my house, non-imortal me falls over, bashes his head and dies. WTF now? Universe just winks out of existence? Well, maybe not the whole thing, but maybe a sphere 10ly wide centered on me.
Oh yeah. I'm 40 now, so I'll still be 40 when I get sent back to the year 983BC . So at the time of my birth, 40 years ago, I would have lived in the past for 2960 years, but I would then be 3000 years old exactly.
I knew you were going to say that...
Thats the time travel equivalent of [this](http://imgur.com/Ptyzk)
But doing whatever the fuck you want *is* the way you fix the future. You couldn't fuck up if you tried, because in that case trying to fuck up is exactly what you *needed* to do in the first place.
Allegedly 10,000 hours of practice in almost anything is enough to become an expert. Thats only 416 *days* total, I'm sure you can find 416 days over the course of 1000 years or so to practice general carpentry and/or boat building. Fuck it, with my skillset today, I could build a serviceable raft from trees and vines, and knowing I had all the time in the world (quite literally) to perfect it, I'd be OK with it.
Wait, maybe I'm the one that "invents" gravy. Fuck man, why do I have to make all the hard choice for this fucking civilisation!
...and that.
That's one of the supposed pieces of evidence that time travel is impossible, or at least will be limited to travelling back to point only after it was invented. Otherwise every single major historical event would have crowds of hundreds of thousands of onlookers. In fact, maybe the reason we *don't* have time travel is that anyone working on it, when they go to test it, they always choose a point before they finished the machine, so it never works. If they waited a week and went back to 10 minutes after they plugged the time machine in, they might find out it works...
Fuck! I was meant to be in Dallas last weekend. Now I've got to somehow get into a prison van at Idlewild airport and convince JFK to go back in time himself and get to the grassy knoll with a rifle...
Because I know the date of my birth, I don't know when my particular sperm was formed in my father, or even if he actually is my biological father... I have never had cause to doubt that he is, but on the other hand, I haven't ever quizzed my mother on whether he was my biological father (he's dead, so I can't ask him) or not, especially as I take my hair and eye colours from my mother and not my father.
If it *was* predestined... Maybe the weight of history will force everything into alignment anyway, so it looks like its predestined, but it turns out you had one very significant thing to do and you didn't do it... [For Want of a Nail](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail) and all that...
Instructions unclear, penis stuck to cross.
Interestingly, GPS needs such high accuracy that because of the distances and speeds involved with the satellites they need to take into account both general and special relativity.
Because you were predestined to be the one who allows Hitler to come to power, and you *are* the hero because Hitler coming to power, however awful it was, was so much better than the alternatives... Take *that* edgy McHitlerBuddy :-)
The future's not **yours** to see. But it is mine!!!!
I like...
Maybe she shouldn't be such an unlikable bitchbot then.
Woah dude.... If I could up vote you twice or more I would. Then again, I have had a joint and gotten down the pub since my original post.
If you buy it at [Apple HQ](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/may/16/that-one-time-apple-patented-pizza-box) it doesn't.
I like that the other guy thinks he's coming in for a high five or a handshake.
Just have a cup of boiling water ready just in case. If you start choking just drink the boiling water and it'll melt the ice.
These bloody foreigners, living in their isolated communities, talking their own language! Next thing they'll want some sort of self governing.
It depends what they have. Mostly they are used as load balancers, but they can also do so much more. Depending on the modules you get there is: * LTM - Local load balancing * GTM - DNS load balancing * APM - Remote access SSL Webtop/VPN/SAML provider * ASM - Web Application Firewall * AFM - Firewall Mostly, you'll find LTM.
[This needs something doing with it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Simulated/comments/6im3hr/a_wall_of_weird_tubes_oc/) I know it's not exactly *real life*, but I'd like to see what you guys can do with it.
[Shut it you Joey!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joey_Deacon#Blue_Peter_and_cultural_impact)
I've put a request into [r/reallifedoodles](https://www.reddit.com/r/reallifedoodles/comments/6c01fm/request_thread_please_make_all_requests_here/dj7yka2/)
Cool bot.
What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
Subscribe: /Morbanth
Subscribe: /Glitchkey
Heh. It's actually quite a sore point in the UK because most hospital car parks are run by private companies. It was £2 for less than an hour, so if you're there often it can rack up. Obviously not anywhere as near as $20 for an ibuprofen...
Don't, for the fucking love of all that is personally holy to you, use the same teaspoon for the sugar that you used to stir your coffee you fucking disgusting heathen! Seriously, fucking don't!
If I need to go anywhere for any length of time, then it's normal people pants, but if I just pop to the shop or to pick the kids up, then just throw some jeans over the top. It doesn't exactly make me roasting, we're not talking thick flannel PJs or anything. Anyway, I tend to change/wash them daily anyway, I have about 10 pairs of PJ trousers, mainly in various Marvel and Star Wars prints. There's something liberating about being on a video conference with a bunch of execs knowing the below the desk you're rocking a pair of trousers with Iron Man all over them. Take that corporate ideals!!
You need to take your "friend" outside and beat them with their "garnish". They need to learn that this is not big *or* clever. A stick of celery, or maybe a [meat straw](http://www.bennysoriginalmeatstraws.com/) is acceptable, but this sort of shit needs to stop.
That was the worst, yet most informative sketch ever.
For sure IRules are the most powerful thing about F5. If you can work out a way of scripting it, you can do it in an iRule. Essentially most of the F5 modules are an "easy" way of implementing things you could do in an iRule. For instance you could actually, using just an LTM license, actually get something akin to ASM running just by using iRules. It'd be massively complicated and a logistical nightmare to support, but you could do it. If an F5 can't do something out of the box that you need, you can pretty much guarantee that you can do it in an iRule.
&gt; Still feel kind of petty about that one. Does seem rather petty to refuse to remove a bit of jewelry for a couple of hours, yeah.
There has been [24 hour licensing in the UK since 2005](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_licensing_laws_of_the_United_Kingdom#Changes_since_2005). Most Wetherspoon chain pubs are open at 8am and serve alcohol from then along with cooked breakfasts, but most pubs don't open until 10 or 11am. Its quite strange to be tucking into a Full English and hearing people ordering Jagerbombs at 8:30am.
&gt; You don't need college to do IT. &gt; Source: I'm a college dropout and work in IT. Can vouch for this. Am college dropout, from a non-IT related field (Engineering). Knew enough basic PC stuff to build my own etc, but had never done any networking until my first support monkey job, and am now a Senior Security Consultant now working with major UK banks and Government agencies (though that is 18 years later), and get to work from home in my pants. As OP says, you need to learn as much as you can on your own time, but you also have to be prepared to start at the bottom, however if you show aptitude and passion for it, it is very easy to advance quickly.
&gt; The fastest route to money in IT (20-25/hr) is at an MSP. This is very true. My previous position was at a Security focused MSP. We took first liners in with either the lowest tier of networking credentials, or sometimes with zero IT experience at all (they tended to be ex-military, as IT security related fields are a pretty good fit for them) and trained them up. You stay for 12-18 months, the company puts you through loads of training, and you either move up internally^\*, or use the experience to leverage a position at a bigger provider. We had a lot of our 18 month 1st liners go in as 3rd line escalation at some of the larger MSPs. The initial pay isn't anything like what you dreamed about when you thought of a career in IT, but it goes up pretty rapidly once you have 12-18 months actual experience. \* Beware of having to pay back training costs pro-rata if you leave within 12 months of taking a course.
Good catch, thanks. I forgot that Scotland and Northern Ireland were different.
Lawyers are fucking awful personally when it comes to IT security. They piss and moan about what they see as inconsequential things getting in their way. Several of the firms I've done work with wouldn't implement even basic stuff like forced regular password changes because the users won't stand for it. Edit: anecdotally, the older and bigger the firm the worse they tend to be as well
The PSExec method needs the ADMIN$ share, WMIC doesn't. Both of these method require credentials with remote rights on the target machine, either through the logged on user, or using credentials harvested by the malware. You can apparently prevent remote infection by creating the "killswitch" file in \%windir\% called *perfc.dll* (though there seems to be some discussion about if the file needs a certain extension or not) .
You are so blind! You so do not understand! You weren't there at the beginning! You don't know how good it was, how important! This is it for you! This jumped-up firework display of a toy advert! People like you make me sick! What's wrong with you? Now, I don't care if you've saved up all your 50p's, take your pocket money and get out!
Many years ago, when I used to be an NT4 domain admin, I used to run L0phtCrack across the password hash file. The amount of passwords that would fall within the first 10 seconds s amazing.
&gt; Call your ISP provider Is that a company that supplies Internet Service Providers? :-P Do they give you a Personal Identification PIN Number? :-)
&gt; Oh -- whistling bombs. That's a trope call back to WWII, where some bombs did whistle, only applies to gravity bombs really though. Same with the noise a diving aeroplane makes, especially prop powered ones, in movies. Only one specific plane ever made this sound, the Junkers Ju-87, and it was a specifically designed psychological weapon called a "Jericho-Trompete" as the aircraft was a dive bomber, and it was basically a "I'm about to fuck your shit up" siren.
I'll fucking I'll fucking tie you to a fucking bedpost with your ass cheeks spread out and shit Right? Put a hanger on a fucking stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour Take it off and stick it in your ass slow like Tssssssss Yeah, I'll fucking Yeah I'll fucking lay your nuts on a fucking dresser Just your nuts laying on a fucking dresser And bang them shits with a spiked fucking bat Oh What's up? BLOW! I'll fucking I'll fucking pull your fucking tongue out your fucking mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLOW! I'll fucking I'll fucking I'll fucking hang you by your fucking dick off a fucking twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker I'll fucking I'll fucking sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin you and feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you
That's just a stylised tray. If anything I would say it's more practical than a normal paddle, as those are long and thin and often require two hands to carry, while this is compact and looks like you could carry it using the "handle" with one hand.
Try fully speccing up a Range Rover for a laugh...
Also, quite a few countries means test their motoring fines. Finland are renowned for it, back in 2002, a Nokia executive received a **€116,000 fine** for speeding on his Harley Davidson motorcycle.
&gt; 7) Accounts with least privileges. Your users don't need Admin/Root. Neither does your web server. Neither do your admins for day to day work. You should have your normal user account and your privileged access account.
&gt; I'm looking at the current landscape of products, and I don't see anything that looks like it would have a fighting chance against ransomware which is designed to evade IDS/IPS, especially given that nearly all edge infection vectors are encrypted these days. Does such a thing exist? I know for a fact that Checkpoint Sandblast Threat Emulation picked it up, in the case of malware delivered by email, sandbox emulation is your best bet, especially those that share their results with the community at large (Checkpoint are good because they also feed into/out of VirusTotal). The other option is to use "threat Extraction" methodology. All incoming attachments get flattened to .PDF, even .PDFs get flattened to .PDF, so even if there is malware embedded in the file, it all gets stripped and turned into a flat image PDF. The problem is that it's a constant battle between malware creators and malware scanner. They have all sorts of anti-sandbox features built in these days. For instance, most malware sandboxes will only keep a sandbox running for a limited period of time, so malware authors put a 1 hour wait in their code, so it would never actually do anything malicious within the sandbox environment. Or they look for how many cores are available, as sandbox environments often assign a single core to each sandbox to preserve resources, see only one core, these days it's probably a VM, so they don't bother executing.
I had a guy get *really* mad at me on Xbox Live because when he intimated that he'd fucked my mum I just said "cool, I'm glad, she's getting on and probably hasn't had even a crap lay like you in over a decade, remember to call her in the morning and say I said Hi" He absolutely lost his shit.
&gt; White people dont go around calling themselves European-Americans or anything similar. Unless you're American. There are a fuck load of people who identify as "Irish-American" or "Italian-American"
My Wife, everytime she asks me what I would like for dinner or where we should go to eat... &gt; How about Chinese? &gt; No don't fancy that &gt; Italian? &gt; Not really in the mood &gt; How about that new Thai place, we could try that? &gt; I don't want noodles &gt; Pizza? Indian? &gt; Not really. &gt; OK, you choose then my love &gt; WHY DO I ALWAYS HAVE TO CHOOSE! YOU NEVER CHOOSE! That usually makes my mind up that I will have a glass of scotch in my man cave for dinner instead...
If they managed to do it I would have been *extremely* impressed. We had Walsall Gauge sockets, which have all the 3 pins rotated by 90°. Amusingly enough, the usual use for these style of sockets is in apartments and such like with cleaners, they use Walsall Gauge sockets in communal areas to prevent tenants from using the "free" electricity at the landlord's cost.
Well, "literally" now *literally* has two meanings... It's an auto-antonym, as it has a second meaning of figuratively. But in regards to "chuffed", the only time I have ever heard it used not to mean please or happy is if someone tells you to "chuff off".
What are you talking about? Literally, literally is an auto-antonym. The dictionary definition of "literally" *literally* states : &gt; 1 In a literal manner or sense; exactly. &gt; ‘the driver took it literally when asked to go straight over the roundabout’ &gt; ‘tiramisu, literally translated ‘pull-me-up’’ &gt;1.1 informal **Used for emphasis while not being literally true.** &gt; ‘I was literally blown away by the response I got’
If a cleaner is that bothered about plugging their hoover into a specific socket that it doesn't fit into, I would take my hat off and applaud them. I would then get them fired, preferably out of a cannon into the heart of the sun, but they would have my respect if only for their sheer perseverance. Mainly because UK sockets are designed so you cannot just push wires in, there is a movable guard over the live and neutral holes. You would have to first jam something into the earth hole to push the live/neutral guards down, and then while holding in place jam the wires in. You'd probably need a 3rd hand.
Yep, they were like [this](https://www.flameport.com/electric_museum/plugs_13A_non_standard/walsall_gauge_socket_metal.jpg) edit: though it would appear that not all of them have the guards, the ones we used did.
Ahh, front to back, back to back.
But front to back to front to back suggests that you read it from front to back and then from back to front and then from front to back. Maybe front to back, back to the front, back to the back is better? Also, now the word *front* looks like it doesn't exist as a word now.
In my last SOC, the only time the screens had anything on them was when the sales droids were parading some new client through there, or during the World Cup. Most of the time we didn't bother turning them on.
Shouldn't have gone to Currys then.
My driving license picture is only 6 years older than my passport one, but my driving license one is about 5 stone heavier. It honestly makes me look like one of Pablo Escobar's enforcers or something. It is *not* a flattering picture.
Earth has 4 simultaneous Days within only 1 rotation. Losing 3 Days in each Earth rotation has retarded your mentality to stupid and an Education of Evil. You do not have the mind or education to envision Nature's Time Cube.
Take a read of this: https://learn.adafruit.com/rgb-led-strips/usage It's how I got mine hooked up.
It even depends on how you watch "live TV". Broadcast has the least delay, cable has a slightly longer and satellite is even more. Even then, my Tivo box on cable has a slightly longer delay than the bog standard HD one. Many years ago, when England beat Germany 5-1, I was watching the game in the pub, and the back room was showing the game on terrestrial and the main bar on Sky. You could tell when an attack would succeed if watching from the front bar because about 5 seconds before the ball went in you would hear a massive roar from the back room.
/r/ThatPeelingFeeling
You've not met too many humans then I take it? They just assume they're not using enough force. Or as I like to say make something idiot proof and they'll only go and get a "better" idiot.
Many years ago (I'm talking about 25 to 30) when I was in Boy Scouts, we were on a ferry to Sweden. We somehow worked out that the can vending machines you could get multiple vends out by ensuring you pressed the selection button as lightly as possible. For some reason it would seem there was some sort of double throw switch, or the actual vending mechanism needed a much shorter activation signal than the circuitry to tell the money counter to decrement by the required amount. 12 cans was the best I could do off of a single credit.
It's because he's getting the wrong sort of foot-longs.
shouting "TELL ME WHO SENT YOU HERE AND I WILL CALL YOU A FUCKING AMBULANCE!" at him.
&gt; I am a cheesemonger Do you have any Venezuelan Beaver Cheese?
While port 3826 is registered with IANA as being for use by [WarMux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warmux) (it was renamed from *wor*mux), this is just the "official" registration. It's not necessarily what is using it as anything can be set to listen on any port. as /u/UndeniablyRexer says, you need to find out what process is actually listening on that port.
It's usually offered by the payment processors themselves. VISA call it "Verified by VISA", Mastercard call it "MasterCard SecureCode", but they're usually all based off of [3D-Secure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3-D_Secure). It does however require the site or 3rd party payment processor to support it.
Tea is more like a light dinner when you had a big meal for lunch.
The domestically available Pop-Tarts are kept in the DIY section next to floor tiling and grout.
More interestingly, if you notice, the "nutritional" information on many boxes has been covered up with a white sticker.
You can see in the image that the cereal boxes and pop tart boxes have a white sticker over where their US "nutritional" information is. I have also noticed previously that they have to over-sticker any dubious "health" claims as well that wouldn't fly here.
You mean like "Sugar free" Tic-Tacs?
No, your father is guilty of blackfacing his child. /s
Just to be "that guy", Dark Web and Deep Web are *not* synonymous. You use the *Deep* Web every day, it's CDN servers with stuff on it that isn't directly accessible, but only accessible as a resource for the surface web (i.e. what you directly access). Things not indexed by search engines, things password protected, things only accessible through dynamic content. The *Dark* Web on the other hand isn't accessible without something like Tor.
If thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.
To b fair, the packet does say "a little less cheesy"
The last time I went to the local club, it literally just smelt of BO, stinky feet and stale beer. If you weren't drunk when you walked through the doors the smell hit you in the face so hard it makes your eyes water.
Or the car industry...
The couple who lived over the road from me a few houses ago have a similar situation. She was 15 I think, he was 18 and got her pregnant. He's on the register for life, they're still together and have 4 kids.
&gt; but still feels weird everytime I see him. Use more lube?
&gt; details cars and he often *works in the tree's* outside my office window with his wife When you say details, do you mean shit on, and it's actually a mating pair of pigeons?
Knockoffs, 80% of the features, 20% of the cost.
Bare. Use it instead of very, or lots. This quinoa is bare tasty. Extra points of you can mix it with another such as "fam" but in the most middle class parent sentence ever. "The office was bare lit today fam. Ok I'll cash you outside later sweetie"
According to the article, over half of local authorities won't give them permission to perform int hey have wild animals, so essentially it's got a sort of de facto ban anyway.
According to the article: &gt; There are currently believed to be 19 animals performing in travelling circuses across England So its more than possible that they'll be able to check up on what happened to all of them.
Are you capturing *any* traffic?
Think of ADSL as just a connectivity medium. You will have either a router or a firewall with an ADSL interface card, it's pretty rare to have a standalone ADSL modem these days. So Switch &gt;ethernet&gt; Firewall &gt;ethernet&gt; Router &gt;ADSL&gt; ISP Depending on your actual situation, the firewall may actually be doing the routing if it is a SOHO type device. If anything you may have one unit that is switch, firewall and router.
Based on the actual number, I think it's probably either Torr or mmHg (of mercury), as both of these have a value of 760 for atmospheric pressure. I don't think that, at sea level, you would be able to get a greater than 1 atm of pressure differential anyway, so 760 bar would be impossible.
It's more a case that if you come up with say an alibi in court, which you didn't mention previously in a police interview, the court can (and probably will) come to the conclusion that you have made up the alibi in the meantime. Hence "harm your defence", or in other words "we might not believe you".
I once posted this on Facebook and someone genuinely asked if my garden was ok.
That is /r/mildlyinteresting
I agreed. Didn't even notice a typo
Not since you turned up...
And then have to either lie on the application about ever having been in the US, or telling the truth and being excluded for 10 years...
Simple solution. A 2 minute pause button. Press it, it suspends recording for 2 minutes, however during those 2 minutes, unless there's a fucking good reason for it, the officers testimony is diminished.
I had a 8 month loading screen before the start of the training level. I understand that most people have a month loading screen. Not sure why I loaded quicker, maybe my hardware is different? Edit: I just realised that the character creation screen doesn't count as a loading screen. Probably because I rushed it. Also I've currently got the "drunk" debuff from a quest reward (I played a skiing mini game for the first time over the last few days. Amazingly realistic, can't wait to see the replay footage)
Having just been skiing for the first time this weekend, those things are fucking hard to carry even as an adult, let alone a little kid. Fuck this guy with a ski pole. Sideways.
My banking customer is continuing to blame my ssl interception infrastructure I built for them for browsing timeouts when I have proven repeatedly that the traffic isn't even getting to it, and additionally proven that they have a dns resolution which is preventing clients from even resolving the proxy IP (the proxies sit before the SSLi in traffic path) All I keep hearing is "it's the fireeye".
[And heads...](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2049987/Gurkha-beheaded-Taliban-soldier-Afghanistan-battle-cleared-return-duty.html) He was told that they needed to prove that they had killed the correct high ranking Taliban commander. So he did the simplest thing that came to mind. Removed the head from the corpse, put it in his bag and take it back to base. Confirmation achieved I think. Mind you, he only apparently had his kukri out because he had expended all his ammo, so just went full berserker.
If it was the late 70's it was probably for the Silver Jubilee.
When it comes to it, that's exactly what CheckPoint is. Software running on a server (unlike most of the other vendors, they don't bother with funky ASICS or the like). So there is no inherent reason why not. It just comes down to the best fit for your environment. You just have to make sure you can get the throughput from your server that you require, and whether it's cost effective and whether you can get the correct level of support, plus whether your hardware is properly compatible etc. With an appliance you get the peace of mind that it'll all work together, and a single point of contact for software &amp; hardware support.
Same with Kent. Sure it has its depressing shit holes (looking at you Medway), but most of it is idyllic countryside. Can't go more than 5 mins outside any town without stumbling across a little quaint village with a church and olde world pub. Garden of fucking England it is.
Some of the North Downs is amazing, but I totally agree that we aren't quite up to the levels of the Lake District. Edit: are&gt;aren't
That does sound like hell. I always thought that if there were more than 2 houses together in the Kent countryside, there was generally a pub between them.
It's a shame really, because some parts of the Medway towns are lovely. There's beautiful castles, cathedrals, Dickens stuff, but once the sun goes down...
I got a phone call last week while halfway up a mountain. Couple of weeks ago, I got asked to speak to a customer at 10pm on a Saturday... I had already informed them (and the customer by text) that I had been drinking for 6 hours and was currently making cocktails in my kitchen (not on call by the way). I still ended up speaking to them, because the customer insisted even knowing I was 8 pints deep. All because I'm the only guy who knows a particular mission critical system for a major customer. Literal single point of failure for a system that has regulatory oversight... On the plus side I rake the overtime in like a motherfucker. This is a project that started for me in October 2016 and was initially a 60 day project...
Klax on the Atari Lynx. Exile on the BBC Micro.
Its the driver that does it. They usually have an inbuilt driver which converts from 120/240 down to 12v. Cheaper ones are shit and give off loads of RF noise, slap bang in the WiFi band, which is used by most wireless devices. The better ones don't exhibit this issue.
I had to replace all my 12v drivers for the ceiling spots as the LED bulbs wouldn't pull enough power. Had the same situation where I had to leave a ingle halogen in place to pull enough power before the others would light.
There's also the old Asian guy he beat so badly that he lost an eye...
I had the exact same issue. Except mine was the old spare PSU for my previous laptop. I figured it out eventually because when it was disconnected from the power supply it was fine. Essentially it was cycling between plugged in and unplugged power settings really quickly.
People
Who had access to it? I bet one of your guys has been using it to surf the Web, especially if you have some sort of Web filter for the rest of your machines.
And with this many SSID being broadcast the wifi quality will be fucking awful.
Could have been a drive-by download from a compromised ad network. Was the box fully patched? It's also entirely possible for malware to stay dormant for some time.
Or by extension, the variables of the [Drake equation.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake_equation)
The geeky version is /u/gayasfsck
I wonder, is it essentially a subset of the [Birthday Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birthday_problem)?
Similar to you, my kids bio dad is Daddy, and I am Daddy-$myname, but only when theres some sort of conversation where we're both being referred to for some reason, otherwise I'm just Daddy.
Funny thing is, that actually was a [Irix file system browser](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fsn_\(file_manager\)), so she was technically correct.
Tinder allows you to sign up from the age of 13, however users of 13-17 can only see other users in the same age and not 18+ year olds. So she likely signed up for Tinder at the age of 14 and lied about her age. Small wonder that she has 3 kids at the age of 19.
She obviously got at least 3 takers...
Sure, but I'm massively pessimistic.
Bet the "honey" in that has never seen a bee in its life. HFC Sweetened Mustard just didn't have the same ring to it though.
Take one step to the side and hold you foot out?
*Technically*, Kurt Russell. Size of a living planet.
They employed Piers Morgan for fucks sake. They're not exactly a bastion of fair and balanced reporting.
A cat. More specifically, one of my cats. Lazy, lucky little fuckers who don't have to do anything except sleep all day, get fed at regular intervals and sleep some more.
I had a car that was the reverse. The previous model, the Renault Clio sport 172 had a full size alloy wheel spare in the boot/trunk. Its successor, the Clio sport 182, didn't even have a space saver donut. In their infinite wisdom they decided to go for a twin centre exit exhaust in the 182 as opposed to the single left hand side one of the 172. They needed to route the back boxes somewhere so they sacrificed the spare wheel well. Didn't gain a single bit of boot space either, technically lost some as instead of the jack being stored in the wheel well it is now in a bag attached to the wall of the boot along with the can of pressurised foam.
Well, I mean, she created Elon Musk and released him into the world, so her plans are already in motion...
So what you're saying is that by being so pretty that he's asking for it...
Every single one of those was the drivers fault. Either they were attempting to go down roads that are designated for bus access only (they all look like the UK, bus only access [is very well marked](http://c8.alamy.com/comp/AM81EM/bus-passing-through-automatic-bollards-cambridge-england-AM81EM.jpg)), and all of the others the drivers went through a red light.
Just look at the outrage in the documentary Superman III
Depends on how well they've written their bot. It's essentially a reverse slowloris... If anything, if the bit is written correctly it'll exclude you from the next scan.
The easiest conclusion is that your firmware upgrade improved the logging of your router. These "attacks" we're likely always happening, but now your router is logging them as a specific "attack" instead of just dropping them. Have a read of the release notes for the firmware upgrade to see if such improvements are mentioned.
Ha! Jokes on my DNA...^^^I've ^^^had ^^^a ^^^vasectomy
Maybe it's a sideways reference to the NSA using Cisco kit...
I've just had a quick play. They were coming through to the app as they were all listed in there. The act of opening the app seems to have woken up the notifications and I'm now getting the popups again.
Woo hoo! We did it!
You also used to be able to download programs over Teletext from the TV signal. We used to have a Teletext "modem" which you could connect to your BBC B Micro and download programmes. Edit: found some [minimal info](https://www.radios-tv.co.uk/Pembers/Teletext/Telesoftware.html)
Not sure that statement can be taken at face value... There are a *lot* of things that Kanye says which are insane. Edit: downvoted for suggesting things that Kanye say are insane? Jesus Reddit have you never heard the guy speak?
Trees, nature's dominos.
Don't forget the +1 hour channel called Dave Ja Vu.
Some say that kid is still going.
Why aren't you tolerating my intolerance!!!
&gt; There is 0 chance that they use that same machine as a server for all the images they capture. Having worked in IT in general for a long time and as part of that having worked for hospitals and health providers, let me just say: AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.... &lt;breathe&gt; AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA...
Surely you should be coming at this from the other direction. What functionality do you require? * Do you require SSL offloading? * Do you require layer 7 load balancing or just layer 3/4? * Are you require inspection/WAF abilities? Most of what you would generally call "load balancers" these days are actually application delivery controllers which have load balancing capabilities. An F5 Big-IP for instance can do load balancing (LTM) , intelligent DNS (GTM/DNS), Web Application firewalling (ASM), Firewall (AFM), Remote access portal (APM), IPSEC tunnels, QoS, it all depends on what your actual needs are. If you're mostly talking about Microsoft stuff, F5 is a very good choice as most of the major MS applications are wizarded/templated, so you can deploy a load balanced solution with a few clicks and details.
&gt; How is this TIL? Just a thought, but maybe they aren't from the US and they just learned about it today...
&gt; with massive legal ramifications of caught high and driving etc Those already exist. Its essentially the same as driving drunk. Legal and illegal drugs, makes no difference, there's even [certain limits like there are with alcohol](https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/drug-driving#table-of-drugs-and-limits)
You missed several chances to make it more appropriate. You could have had US States, and USA States of America, and IP Internet Protocol address.
They'll even [lay siege to your house](http://news.bbc.co.uk/cbbcnews/hi/animals/newsid_3227000/3227123.stm).
&gt;Stupid fucks are also lucky they float, I've seen one lost a mile out in a lake while boating, I read a news story about another one that was something like 3 miles out in Lake Erie, clearly trying to escape Ohio, but dumb enough to think a deer could swim away from Cleveland without dying of exhaustion first. I kid you not, but the Killer Whale (Orca) is actually classed as one of the Moose's natural predators...
Well I mean Chris Evans did get used for both Captain america *and* Johnny Storm, so it's feasible... /s
Bloody birds, using all our public services and not paying any damn taxes!
Adrenaline is a hell of a drug. I broke my tibia and fibula, it just felt "uncomfortable" until I straightened it, then it just felt a bit pinchy. Thought after the gas &amp; air (nitrous oxide?) I could have hapilly tried walking on it. Apparently I did try to stand up when the paramedics were manoeuvring me onto a board.
I remember this from when I was a kid. I *think* it was Kirby anyway, I do remember the vacuum having a headlight on the front. Anyway, I had both of my legs in plaster due to a road traffic accident (some asshole doing 60+ mph in a 30 limit residential area hit me while I was on my pushbike), they first used our current vacuum to go over the mattress, then used the demo one to show how much more it could get out. It looked like pure plaster. Then the guy went to throw some dirt on the floor and my father took exception to it and told him to get the fuck out.
In the UK each appliance plug itself has a fuse.
That's like the whole shellfish ban as well. I barely trust shellfish in a modern day restaurant if it's more than 100 miles from the coast, fuck eating shellfish 2000+ years ago in desert before refrigeration existed.
What do you call someone who comes bottom of their medical graduating class? Dr.
Many years ago I was very single and shared a house with 4 other guys. After some previous evenings pranking of one of our housemates who had gone home early from a night out, he decided to get his revenge by elbow dropping me awake the next morning. This broke the back of my box bed. Turned it into a hammock with a mattress in it. I slept in that for 3 months before I got a new bed. It was goddamn comfortable, for one...
When I heard about this on the radio the other days (Einstein's *racist* writings) I knew it wouldn't be long before there were people, unironically calling for a removal of his work from physics. Even if you *could* strike knowledge from existence, the modern world would fall apart without some of his work.
NSM was terrible. Whats even worse is that I believe they licensed some of the technology in it from Checkpoint.
They use a different octane rating system in the US, 89 in the US is equivalent to 93 in Europe. Europe uses RON, the US generally uses an average of RON &amp; MON.
What you need is SSL Network Extender (SNX). Its enabled as part of the Mobile Access blade which gives you IPSec over SSL. https://supportcenter.checkpoint.com/supportcenter/portal?eventSubmit_doGoviewsolutiondetails=&amp;solutionid=sk114267
I work from home and I've just been to our companies half yearly piss up. I've talked to more people in the last 24 hours than the last 6 months. TBH I'm ready to not talk to anyone face to face for 6 more months. Though it might take that long for this hangover to fuck off.
In this case they're probably warranted, as reverse osmosis filtered water is not "Natural".
OK, why is VLAN1 a well known "no-no"? Do you mean leaving ports unconfigured in VLAN1 and not shut down when unused? Why would a loopback interface be a "no-no"?
&gt; just assumed it was a joke I was not privy to. Technically it was :-)
It's a bare metal hypervisor. It essentially runs HyperV with a couple of virtual hosts, one to run the dashboard and one that the games run under.
You seem to have a very low bar for "nudity"... Do you consider swimming costumes or bikinis to be "indecent" as well? I'd never personally take my shirt off, as being a ginger I would immediately burst into flames, but each to their own. If you're not actually serving me food then I don't give a crap. To be perfectly honest it almost sounds like body shaming to me... I'm sure if it was someone who you found attractive you wouldn't be complaining as much.
Nah, Beat the Barber was Ant &amp; Decs ultimate work.
Nice‽
Nice‽
Well where did they bury the survivors?
I used to have a bald barber. He was actually pretty good.
It appears I am now crazy 10ft trampoline guy.
You know what, any flag pole offends me. Not because of whatever the fuck you choose to fly, but the god damn constant "ting ting ting ting" noise in the slightest breeze. Someone needs to invent a silent flagpole.
Yeah, that's all leftist bollocks init... It's like Jesus... Did those feet in ancient times... Of course they did. Stands to reason St George was English through and through if Jesus himself came over here. I mean his name's George for fucks sake. /s
It's ok, by the time you decide to buy one they'll be out of stock, and by the time they're back in stock a week later summer will be over.
I HUNGER!
The sound of a grenade bouncing off of a wall from Quake.
They're making a sequel, it's called Triplets, they just cast Eddie Murphy as the 3rd brother.
There's even a scientific basis behind it. [Genetic Sexual Attraction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_sexual_attraction)
Also, during the chase prior to the dropping off, the sides of the Porsche go from battered to perfect to battered a couple of time IIRC
I always find Rodney Mullen comments amusing because one of our account managers at work is called Rodney Mullen, and you could \*never\* imagine him going anywhere near a skateboard.
If your management server is configured to use your internal DNS servers it will resolve IP addresses in the logs to DNS hostnames.
&gt; even the picture of an old man eating bacon. To be fair I initially thought it was a picture of him trying to pull his own tongue out.
It's tiny portions, but there are very often 6, 7, 8 or more courses. I went to a Michelin starred restaurant a couple of years back and it was 7 savoury courses, desert and cheese, all paired with different beers. Each course itself was a few mouthfuls at most, but they send to just keep coming, and the quality of the food was just superb. By the end I was fully satisfied. I wasn't stuffed, just pleasantly full. And quite drunk as I'd had the best part of 2 liters of varied beers. If you had a single dish, sure you'd be disappointed in the serving size, but the whole idea is that the meal is an extended experience over several hours, you don't sit down, wolf a tiny serving of pasta down, throw £100 on the table and leave. I would say it's worth doing once, especially if someone else is paying. (Mine was a gift from work, still had to pay the service charge though).
While misapplied because everyone is about thermodynamics, you could apply the concept to other systems at a high level, and if you did, entropy analysis would be pretty much what card counting is in blackjack. You are waiting until the remaining cards in the deck have low enough "entropy" in regards to 10s and faces to make it with your whole to take your "chance" in playing.
Alloys are usually done to make a stronger material or a lighter material, or to give you some other property which is advantageous to what you want to do. Thats what they're *useful* for, but not every alloy or amalgam is useful. This one is done mainly because it's an interesting reaction.
There was a report in the UK news recently that said that every single one of those screens they tested had traces of poop on them.
Oh they know it'll be a shit show, that's why they're prebuilding a semi-permanent contraflow on the M20 for Operation Stack Electric Boogaloo. I'm *so* looking forward to using the M20 from the end of March when it starts turning into a lorry park.
