Yep. Two great distractions.
Partially because of how believable it is.
Honestly, it sounds like you didn't do your research.
Accessibility code is pretty fucked. 99% of parking lots have many times more accessible spaces than they need, and 1% of places have nowhere near what they need. It means well, but has almost zero to do with the reality of the situation. For example, in my municipality, balcony thresholds are limited to 1/2" *from the interior*. From the exterior, the limit is somewhere around 4". What the hell kind of sense does that make?
These types of services rely on user reviews. I've had nothing but great experiences, but I pay attention to reviews/ratings. Using uber as an example, I've never had a bad uber ride, where my cab experience has been 50/50. Something like airbnb requires you to browse the reviews and ratings yourself, but the tools are there and they're far superior to any option that's come before.
You shut your whore mouth.
A small bit of advice. Digesting a the things you want to do to improve yourself is fucking overwhelming. Do yourself a favor, and sit down and break those things into single, non-overwhelming tasks. Faced with a complicated series of un-enjoyable decisions anyone will balk. Breaking "get in shape" down to the simple first step of "go for a walk" will not only make it much more digestible, but completing that simple task will build confidence not only in your ability to chip away at the larger task, but in yourself in general.
Look for volunteer work. Also gives you a sense of accomplishment, and is a good way to make real bonds with people.
Bad attitude mainly, but one time I actually was dropped at the wrong place because the dude couldn't figure out his equipment.
&gt; consider if low-e glass is in your budget If you're trying to use the sun to warm a space, you *don't* want low-e glass, as it is specifically designed to have a lower emissivity.
Sounds like a case of plausible deniability to me. That, or "I'm going to fuck you, but don't even try to be my 'boyfriend'".
Interesting. Did some googling, looks like it works well in cold climates if the low-e coating is on the #3 surface (outside surface of interior pane). This helps transmit the absorbed heat into the space. In hot climates, you use the #2 surface (inside surface of exterior pane) to help transmit it to the exterior.
Unfortunately, this is a very real problem for the military.
I like this interpretation a lot.
Hard to say, ain't ever been anything else.
Oh, I thought he was Gary
This is excellent advice. In addition to writing it down, I would email the boss about this to have a record that the discomfort was communicated to them.
Dirty Girl was a great example of this I think.
This big, throbbing, veiny upvote.
Is that where he teaches the 12 sexy disciples that he travels with to be 'fishers of men'?
That wasn't comparing apples to oranges, it was using hyperbole to illustrate a point.
Or an apple and a hunk of cheese
It's probably the sound of flatulance traveling up a urethra. That can't have a pleasant sound.
You have two sphincters. The upper one will let a little poo down to signal you need to go potty. If you hold it long enough, your body will get the hint and take the poo back.
Make a bed of chopped carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Stuff the cavity of a whole chicken with the same. Coat the top with salt and pepper, cook.
When making a soup with thighs though, I just cut each thigh in half with kitchen shears, and debone after.
Changing your pillow case often will help too.
Larger vocal chords = deeper voice. Since size is strongly correlated with strength, deeper voice = stronger man.
Another way to improve STC that we use in high rises is to add an underlayment between the flooring and the subfloor. Something like this: http://www.soundproofcow.com/Step-Above-Flooring-Underlayment.html Additionally, you could add a second layer of gyp on the bedroom side of the walls, and possibly hold them off the studs with a resilient channel. This will help keep the sound from traveling down the studs to the floor structure.
Not to be confused with "Waffle Blue".
Watt
I think downvoting unpopular opinions plays a larger role than you give it credit for. It unites the general population of a sub possibly even stronger than the echo chamber does, while clearly defining what the subs ethos is by what it will not tolerate.
You dodged a bullet. There is a direct relation between how much time a girl spends with horses and how absolutely batshit insane she is.
They most definitely do. It feels like your driving through a movie set. Kinda surreal
Have you ever broken the speed limit, smoked pot, or illegally downloaded software?
That's the core of the issue though. It's understandable to be jealous of previous sexual partners, but with a little maturity it's not that hard to work through. The combination of her not being upfront with him, and her extreme jealousy of the reverse situation does not speak well of her. It strongly implies that she is insecure of him because of how she is in her situation. I wouldn't be surprised if she's cheated on him, or would given the right situation.
I'm guessing the ending will be just as disappointing.
You're right, but that doesn't excuse the poor design. That sort of defensive approach protects the interior but actually makes the streets more dangerous.
&gt;but money buys access Yes, and money used to buy movies. And music. And content in general. What the political machine has yet to realize - much like all content distributors - is that they are no longer needed or even wanted. The harder they push their product, the more the younger generations shun them. We crave authenticity, and there will be a tipping point when their sales pitches and branding efforts not only fall on deaf ears, but unite us against them in droves. This might not be that moment, but it's coming soon.
I like to think that dogs understand mirrors, they just don't really care.
Ok, this is slightly embarrassing. Started as a plastic bag I'd spit into for lube. I eventually used a pillow, various pillow cases, towels, socks, etc to make what turned out to be a very pleasant-feeling female torso into which I would place my lubed up sammich bag. Depending on what I used for stuffing, I could vary my creation's figure to match whatever I was desiring at the time. I've never told anyone of this, and I'm turning a little red just typing it out.
I never thought of it as anywhere remotely close to adorable, but thanks. That makes me slightly less embarrassed.
I didn't realize it at the time, but I was lonely as hell in HS also. Being in an ultra-strict Christian environment I had virtually no avenue to explore sexually. I guess I made do. Edit: kinda makes me wonder how common this is
Good to know I'm not so fucking strange.
You have NO idea.
Lol @ good lord
I like to think of it as zero is the absence of something, while null is non-existence.
"Fuck, this bed is uncomfortable."
Should there be people on our currency at all? It's probably only a matter of time before the design of new bills is sold to the highest corporate bidder. The McOne. The Trump C. Cinco de Starbucks. Coca-Cola's original ten. Dos Equis' XX, the most interesting bill in the world.
The Earth. We'd be floating in space.
"Either we open our relationship or I'm breaking up with you." We opened our relationship. She broke up with me anyway.
Or use one of [these motherfuckers](http://www.mardianconcretepumping.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/mardian-crane-concrete-pump.png).
No, she wasn't yet. I knew her enough to know when the 'change' happened.
Thank you. It was rough.
Wish I would've. Collected myself and decided to see if it could work. It didn't.
I know now :(
It was never exclusive, but it was never fully open either.
This was never exactly exclusive, so it's not like it came out of nowhere. I have had great open relationships since.
I would get my bow and baseball bat, load a bag up with as much food and water as I can carry and head up to the roof of my building. I'd pick the lock to the access hatch and close it behind me. Not being able to lock it from the outside, I'd wait behind the hatch with my bow ready to see who else was smart enough to come up there. The ladder and opening mechanism I think are too complicated for the undead to operate, so I would just have to assess if the people that made it up were friend or foe, and if they had anything to offer. As the chaos died down, I'd start to search my building for survivors and supplies.
Yes, but there are many different degrees of openness.
Exclusivity is a binary concept, but openness has many forms. Like you, most people only care about exclusivity. Beyond that though, there's a myriad of different types of relationships that work for different people.
We had talked about it many times before, and I really did want one. She just went about it entirely wrong. And yes, in retrospect the relationship was pretty much already over, we were just prolonging it's death.
Maybe it's like Taco Bell, where she just reuses the same shitty ingredients over and over in slightly different combinations.
Chop celery with carrots and onions. Stuff inside a Cornish game hen or two. Place hens on a bed of the same. Salt and pepper, maybe some thyme. Generous tab of butter on each, cook.
Actually, not acting on the attraction would be more likely to have this effect. The idea of fucking someone you want but can't have is usually much stronger than the memory of fucking them.
Then gargle and swallow it.
They eat sunbeams! :D
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
Almost forgot, add a bay leaf with the apple and discard before serving.
While fucking her, put a finger (or thumb) to her lips without breaking stride. She will most likely take your finger into her mouth, and suck on it while you keep fucking her. If this is obviously turning her on say something along the lines of "fuck, that feels amazing. I want to feel those lips on my cock".
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
I believe that was a bwink.
Interesting. That's the only explanation here I hadn't heard before.
I have an issue with this point of view. If you have your shit together, and are patient and loving, you can actually fix people. I have done it several times, and had it done to me. This won't end how you are thinking though. You won't magically make them into who you want them to be, and live happily ever after. Every time I've experienced it, or seen it happen, it's a temporary relationship by its very nature. After the wound that drew the person into the relationship is healed, that relationship has ran its natural course. This can lead to an amazingly deep friendship, but if continued past its natural end will usually hurt one or both parties.
I was hanging out with my brother when he was working as a ranch hand one semester to make a little money. He was showing me around, and we were walking among the cattle when it started to rain. Most of them walked over to cover, but one cow tried to hide its head under me to escape the rain. I stood there, getting soaked in the rain, cuddling the shit out of this adorably stupid cow's face. I would say this counts as communing with a cow.
To me it seems that the licensing/exams/qualifications have been successfully made obsolete via a well-crafted app. And with those, the fees. Like so many industries these days, they are fighting to hold onto their monopoly when it is no longer needed.
This is a shit article. It touches briefly on fireproofing, but speaks nothing of the larger challenges of building such a structure out of wood. Is it structurally feasible? What would it take to laterally stabilize such a structure, or to dampen the inevitable swaying/vibration? What are the benefits? Does the greener material balance out the unavoidable increases in volume of material needed? If you want to write an article about a wooden building, write an article about a wooden building. If, instead, you decide to compare it to an icon you should, you know, *actually compare it to that icon*.
The best head you will ever get from a woman is after you have given her 2 or 3 orgasms.
Not necessarily. If you're doing it right, she may not be able to focus. Depends on the girl.
This is a quality in nearly every artistic profession that I refer to as masturbatorial. The field isolates itself from it's end users, and developed a language that nobody outside of the field understands. This exacerbates an already alienating situation.
Um, no. Teeth can be used very effectively during head if a girl knows what she is doing. If she doesn't though...
I'm sorry to hear that.
Empathy, dude. Focus on her, and her pleasure. Not only will it improve your performance exponentially, but it will ensure your enjoyment despite any other factors. Let her pleasure give you pleasure.
Yes, this is quite amazing as well. Best head I've ever had was from two friends of mine. Started out with them both going down on me, then one gave the other an orgasm while she continued to go down on me then rejoined her. The the other returned the favor. It was fucking hot.
My [favorite ramen recipe](http://i.imgur.com/pO0DH.jpg). Also uses a peanut-sriracha combination. They go wonderfully together.
If you die with $1m in the bank, that's $1m of fun you never got to have. If you die $1m in debt, that's $1m of fun you had that you never had to pay for.
As an architect, I like this explanation more.
Didn't the real story end with season 2, and they literally tacked s3 on to bleed more money out of the popularity?
Would you say they're tiny bears that care?
A jar of mayo does make a very unique sound when used as a masturbation aid.
&gt; Since the cop was so intent to find heroin trafficking in the conversations he was listening to, he may have convinced himself that this is what the driver was talking to someone else about. And, actually, he may be right. The man in question may actually be a heroin smuggler. He still has the right to due process however, and ignoring that right is a huge misstep on the cop's part even if the man was doing as he suspected.
I'm guessing they're veneered steel to get the strength needed. My issue is with calling them 'origami', since they're not made from one uncut square of material.
Minor detail.
I think that door works, because it functions by two squares folding. Very origami-like.
I'm in a similar situation, and it can be exactly amazing as it sounds. Be careful though, jealousy can spring up in weird places. Is she ok with you kissing them? Giving them oral? Going out of town with them? Find out if there are any particularities that are out of bounds, and communicate *profusely*, especially at first. Talk through everything so you don't hit any unexpected snags. Most importantly, have fun you lucky bastard.
Wat
As an architect that also smokes, smoking indoors is absolutely disgusting and can actually lower property values.
You know, I really do admire your enthusiasm.
You know, I really do admire your passion.
I'd like to think he got a new paper sorter just like everyone else in the office, but Lisa decided to bring his to him personally.
&gt;"If he's happy, I'm happy." she replied, glad that her regular was back to his normal, happy self. Just a suggestion, I love the story :)
Physiology is *not* irrelevant when the real goal is to not get into a confrontation in the first place. Yes, a woman with a gun could protect you as well as a man with a gun. In this sort of situation however, you will be taken more seriously if there is a man - preferably a large one - with you. This says more about the psychology of the person you are interacting with (which you can't control) than the reality of the situation, but there it is.
If by hard you mean currently impossible, then yes.
In some contexts, that is unfortunately true.
Bombs are a form of free speech. They're so free, they spread freedom craters everywhere they're dropped.
So do you just white-out the $100 and write $104 or something?
alternatively, you could use *shift right-click, s* to toggle the insertion snap instead of typing INS. *shift right-click* pulls up a menu of snap options, all with a single letter hotkey.
Measure. Precisely.
Asshole Saying AsaP?
If you move your company *into* the glass office building, you will have an amazing view. I've always said you should pick the ugliest building in town and move into it. That way it won't ruin your view.
&gt; Skin-tone is #f5e6d3
&gt; #602c00 Lol, racism
&gt; Maybe communication can fix the problem. More likely, getting dumped for being a shitty lover *might* fix the problem.
The term "love" is almost *always* misrepresented. It means 1000 different things to 1000 different people. It has been spread too thin to cover too many actual emotions as well as abstract concepts that are completely void when you dig to the center of them. I've found that a huge part of being an emotionally sound person is to define what is really meant when you use that word, and to learn to decipher what others mean when they use it.
Deep Ellum
More likely, learn to scan and replicate the chip.
Yeah, but that's not going to happen.
Just think of it as celebrating a successful orbit around a star on your cosmic adventure through space.
I wholeheartedly disagree. Old Quentin had subtlety in his writing. There were not really any good guys or bad guys, but he wove the story in a way that made you care deeply about them. Not after kill bill. Now it's pick an extremely hated group and unleash brutal violence against them. All style and no substance.
I would definitely call o brother art.
Here in Texas, we use bullets to open our beers. Shoot'em in the air when we're happy. Shoot'em in the air when we're mad. Use'em for punctuation and dottin' i's and j's when pissing our name onto the side of a barn.
Reminds me of [this room](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3g09ev/room_with_mirrors_on_the_floor_ceiling_and_walls/) with mirrors on all sides and clear furniture.
You mean like [this](http://i.imgur.com/CGfY0.jpg)?
100% symmetry with this one simple trick! Architects hate him!
This actually sounds amazing
Also, be vegan but tell nobody.
Given that it's an insulative material, it would be one of the worst things you could possibly use for thermal mass. It's like 99% porous, which means it would store almost zero heat. To do what you're talking about you would need a dense material that conducts heat well. Pretty much the opposite of this material. Metals would work, or stone. To get the transparent effect you are wanting, good old fashioned glass would work. It's dense, conducts well, and is quite transparent.
I don't believe you. Why do you lie to strangers on the internet?
Brother! I barely recognized you. How was Taiwan?
That was such a shitshow.
I'm sure if we ever discover alien life elsewhere in the universe, if they're vegan, they'll tell us.
Check your UCS. If it's set to something other than World, it will effect where the xref is placed.
Well if there's just the two of them, no reason to break out the twelve pack.
Until recently we wouldn't let you in without one, but I'll be damned if my hard-earned money will be taxed just to give some pinko commie hippie motherfucker a gun as soon as they enter my great state.
In their defense though, most relationship problems I've seen IRL could be solved pretty quickly by open, honest communication. It happens about as often as in rom-coms.
Spoiler alert: I actually am one too.
Facadomy at it's finest.
Didn't he drop out of college to take care of his pregnant wife? That'd put him 20 or so years older than his son. I'm picturing 21 and 40.
Apples and cheese is an amazing combination with a myriad of possibilities. Cheddar &amp; granny. Red delicious &amp; Brie. Gala and manchego. The possibilities are endless, and that's before adding peanut butter into the mix.
Ragu, or Bolognese, is what is commonly referred to as "spaghetti sauce". Technically spaghetti is a pasta, and it is served with some sort of sauce, but the term "spaghetti sauce" has become so commonplace that correcting it is being overly pedantic.
Huh. I didn't know this was an American thing. TIL
I've shot men for less.
That's one of the few statements of the "you have the _____ of a child" variety that is actually a compliment.
&gt;&lt;1% of them actually get to practice architecture in the capacity they were promised Of the one percent here. That is hideous.
Architect here. When I was an intern my boss took me on a site visit to a school we had under construction. Everything looked fine, but something looked.... off. It took us an embarrassingly long time but we finely figured out they had hung the doors upside down. Every. Single. One. They had no hardware on them, and they were mostly glass, and since they were *all* upside down it took a while for our eye to register what was wrong.
That's great that you don't care, but we are in a subreddit about architecture talking about a project posted here. If we took the stance of "well, as long as the owner is happy", this would be a very boring subreddit. From a personal perspective, I actually agree with you. From an Architectural perspective, this thing is a monstrousity that should be removed from the face of the earth via orbital bombardment.
You're mistaking the professions of design and architecture, but that's splitting hairs. &gt;nothing to compare your obviously better works to You make this point, then criticize criticism? That doesn't make sense. I think the lack of thorough critique is due to the mistakes being so obvious and elementary they don't warrant reiteration.
I think some of it is actually eating too healthy as well. Things like oils and fats help break down alcohol, and an excess of salt will help you retain water. An overload of carbs will give you energy after staying up way later than you're used to. Eating a salad will do nothing for a hangover, but eating three cheeseburgers....
This completely ignores the question of whether or not a detailed computer simulation would have conscious awareness.
He gave a professional way to do what the guy asked. Throwing a tantrum will get you nowhere, but actively participating in the meeting in a constructive manner will let everyone know who actually did the work and knows it backwards and forwards.
Don't worry about it. It doesn't matter who you are, there will be people that will be turned off by *something* about you. There will also be people that want to drink your bath water. You can't control who falls where along the spectrum of how hot they think you are, all you can control is how you react to them.
Did you even read what I wrote?
&gt; That's indirectly embarrassing your boss. It could be. It really depends on delivery. It could be saving your boss's ass.
My brother and his wife have one and they love it. I have a tempurpedic and I love it. We can't stand each other's mattresses. Supposedly, 90% of people love either a memory foam or a sleep number, but very few like both.
Ah, the good ol' quality v. quantity debate.
Generally speaking, the denser something is the more matter it has. Some people are so dense that their inertia makes them hard to change course so you have to choice but to let them be.
Really? It's a stark concrete fortress. I love it for it's austere beauty, but "architecture that depends on it's surrounding environment"? Please tell me why I'm wrong.
Grace Farms and Kéré's work are such excellent examples, I'm curious how you think Moshe Safdie's Holocost History Museum fits the description.
&gt; But the form and orientation depend on the open view to the pacific ocean. So it has the environmental reaction of a hotel or resort. That hardly makes it noteworthy, nor is it an outstanding feature of the work.
On selection methods, I'd add the qselect command. *So much time wasted*.
It looks like you've filled them before finishing them. Nearly anything would be safe at this point, as it won't be in contact with the soil. That said, the cedar will deteriorate *much* faster from the inside, unless there is a waterproof barrier between it and the soil.
I will probably die from a heart attack during a particularly intense round of smash bros. That, or during an orgy.
I used to have this opinion, until I realized that the two options for a restaurant owner are valet the lot, or hire a towing company. Since towing companies are pure evil, I have made my peace with the proliferation of valets in Dallas.
Fun fact, when plants first started producing lignon, there was nothing on earth that could break it down much like plastic today. When trees died, the wood just *sat there*, not rotting. This is where much of our fossil fuels come from. If I recall, it was somewhere in the millions of years until bacteria and insects evolved to be able to break it down.
Yes, lignin.
Jealousy is not a single emotion, but rather a complex mix of emotions. Possessiveness is a big one, and can be difficult to express in a positive way. It may have been he felt like he was losing control of the situation, and when he tried to assert control his friend didn't take it well. It could have been he was ok with you going down on the guy, but switching positions made him feel like he was being put into the secondary position. He may have felt he was losing control of the situation letting his friend actually fuck you, or he was losing the one part of you he couldn't let go of.
No, it's not.
The only other real option is to completely eliminate sexual segregation from *all* sports. Most sports would be all men in the most competitive levels.
The more I think about it, the more I like the idea actually. Don't discriminate at all, let the sport decide.
I just realized I can't remember the last time I saw an actual calendar.
I thought that's what the Reddit comment section was for.
I've been thinking about this, and one of the best things we can do in the name of pride, is to wear this attack as a badge of pride. When the ignorant and hateful choose you to target, then you are doing something right. We are the land of the goddamn free and the fucking brave. I don't mean to downplay the tragedy of the moment, but in a sense it means we are winning.
I would add that you should watch some on YouTube change a tire *on your make and model of vehicle.* Some vehicles have odd ways of getting to the spare.
In his formative years, he was under a lot of pressure.
Sometimes you blink and it's gone.
Gehry's work is so much more powerful when it has a meter like those windows to act as a foil to his wild expressionism.
Step 1, you cut a hole in the watermelon?
Incestual sodomy is life?
What's your source for that? I've always seen fish fertilizer listed at 5-1-1, which is nitrogen heavy. Makes for large, green plants but can inhibit budding and fruiting. I always supplement with bone meal at 3-15-0 to boost the P.
Obviously, you are someone with a different aesthetic than the person whose taste you are criticizing.
I'm picturing something like a [Japanese zen garden](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fc/Kyoto-Ryoan-Ji_MG_4512.jpg), that has movable obstructions, and is combed, resetting it, like an etch-a-sketch every time it's rearranged.
&gt; Trump has just been taking a lot of these policies to their logical conclusion, and I think a lot of people had just never thought that far ahead about what they were doing. This is why I believe that Trump is really a Trojan horse (with a ridiculous mane of hair), whose intent is actually to shake the foundation of the republican party
Huh. I thought it was about periods, but I like your version better.
Almost as much as not having love.
I do believe he's a narcissist, but I am hoping that in his old age he's more worried about legacy than power.
You might try a strip club first. The transactional nature of it would add a layer of safety that flirting with someone out in the wild wouldn't have.
It's also not just the rhythm, but the angle and leverage of the cock. It's where and how you grab them, and what you kiss/lick while you're fucking. Reading when and how to be dominant (and what that actually means in the first place), and when to let them take control and fuck your brains out. Saying it's just about rhythm is equating it to masturbation, when it's much more like a non-verbal conversation, or a dance.
&gt; The average is a bit under 50% extra though That is an interesting bit of knowledge. Do you have a source for that?
An average of the two makes sense, but why the "bit under" part? Just good ol' entropy?
Architect here. This is correct. In addition to the standard sized parking space and signage, HC spaces require a 60" area the length of the space for maneuvering. If the space is van-accessible, it requires a 96" space for wheelchair lift + maneuvering.
Your username + that typo is brilliant.
&gt; The best thing I can compare it to is original flavor alka-seltzer That made me giggle.
&gt; from a dude who was supposedly sooo into eating right and staying hydrated Staying hydrated is good, but a "good" diet can actually be bad for the taste. If he was going high protein, most meats and eggs will give it a bad flavor, as will some greens. Fruity things seem to have the most positive impact, and if he was strict low carb, that probably eliminated the sweeter fruits.
What if you come to a four way stop, and *everyone stops at the same time*? WHAT THEN???!! edit: OP pls answer, I'm still stuck here.
Did he take vitamins? Particularly B vitamins can have a string effect.
That is an interesting take on it.
&gt; My husband and I agreed, before our first threesome, that we would both pay more attention to the guest star than to each other that night. If the primary F can handle this, it really is the way to go. It makes for an amazing experience for the guest, and gives both primary partners the chance to explore the novel addition to the bedroom. Letting go and enjoying your guest together can also be an incredibly bonding experience, the afterglow of which will add considerable fuel to your intimacy afterwards.
Honest question, were you hard on him before you got married? Something I've noticed with a lot of couples is that after marriage the woman expects everything to suddenly become amazing. It's not a conscious decision to think this way, women are conditioned from birth to think like this since nearly every form of entertainment portrays it this way. The younger the audience, the more unrealistically they describe relationships. When this doesn't happen, many women take it out on their husband much in the way you describe.
&gt;he said he is happy I’m back to the right way, he told me the memories he had from his circumcision and claimed that we have to sometimes do what’s right and not what’s wanted… This is a **huge** red flag, and having come from a strict religious upbringing it is one that I personally avoid like the plague. The idea that there is a Right that trumps personal development is not something I am willing to live with.
&gt;Think of the guy like a great sex toy you got to share Let's not jump straight to dehumanizing the guy. How about he's a friend they both had fun with?
Thank you. I don't know why this is being down voted either. This sub is usually very respectful, I guess that respect doesn't apply to sex workers.
&gt;It is a handout to the insurance agencies. This is my criticism of it in a nutshell. It is putting a bandaid on a system without addressing any of its integral flaws.
It would be interesting to have equally attractive male and female artists do this and see the relative public participation and reactions.
I would like to add to this, look up polyamory. These are all feelings you get in new relationships, and is one of the reasons an open relationship can be so incredible. You get to experience these emotions while already in a committed, loving relationship. You HAVE to see the emotions for what they are though, and not let them be detrimental to your primary relationship. Above all, communicate. It's entirely possible your partner is feeling a version of the same, and crushing on someone together can be an amazing experience and can REALLY help keep things in perspective. If you can't keep the feelings under control, the poly lifestyle might not be for you, or you guys might need to put rules in place to limit your exposure to thirds. I was in a partially open relationship where we dealt with this by having all communication go through my gf. If you talk, and you think you can engage these emotions without damaging your existing relationship, then good for you! Something to remember though, while you might be falling for her, she fell for you and your partner. Most likely, dating her solo is not an option at this point and any attempt to do so will find you single.
Heavily
&gt; Could have been a bad engineered embed as well. The embeds are still firmly planted in the concrete, that was not the problem.
You don't use embeds for light gauge, and in some of the photos you can see what looks like a structural channel that had broken free of the welds. I'm guessing this was structural steel welded to the concrete structure, infilled with light gauge.
In 2010, the pline cannot have curves. I do not know if that has changed.
Apparently that [has changed in 2015](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/autocad/learn-explore/caas/CloudHelp/cloudhelp/2015/ENU/AutoCAD-Core/files/GUID-AF1A9E90-35FB-4A49-AA39-E3456B4F264D-htm.html).
Also, hoping does not equate to expecting. I'm 99% sure he hopes you do something with it, but that does not mean he *expects* anything.
Or mouthwash. Or drink something alcoholic and hold it in your mouth for a bit.
Is this a joke about his typo? Please tell me this is a joke about his typo.
I would like to add to this that after giving the opening, it sounds like they were game for a foursome. The opening wasn't just a tease, the other guy just couldn't handle the ramifications. He's a selfish, immature asshole. A reasonable person would at that point either had the foursome or laughed the whole thing off. What he did was insulting to all involved.
I can't believe I'm suggesting this, but have you thought about killing the dog?
Doggorettes
Snarlboro Reds
[Relevant post at askhistorians](https://m.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/4qkr04/what_was_sex_like_when_most_people_lived_in_1/?utm_source=mweb_redirect&amp;compact=true).
How about we start a group that lobbies for nuclear energy?
"Sir" and "master" have worked great for me. "Mr. ________" feels way too formal for me.
If it was funded by a crowd-source campaign, it wouldn't need to show a profit.
Hibachi chefs are pretty much percussionists anyway, this would work great.
Also, they're already cold. Will minimally help cool whatever you put in them.
Wait, construction is inconvenient? What a shock!
I've lived here 10 years, and have never heard of this
Definitely more sulking-pissed, instead of not-impressed.
/r/letmearrangethistolooklikeapenis
I also believe gender itself to be an imaginary concept, almost a society-wide mental illness. I see transgenderism as a rejection of this mental illness, but misguided in that it tries to reject the categorization *from within the categorization*.
You hit the nail on the head. The concept of gender itself is flawed. Let's not redefine it to the point of uselessness, let's just abolish it.
I have several friends that self-medicate with weed to be focus their attention span enough to be effective at a desk job. And they are *highly* effective. The drugs they were prescribed for the same purpose were less effective, more expensive, and had some pretty bad side effects.
Put the tax benefits where they belong, in relation to childcare. I personally don't believe a spouse should be classifiable as a dependent.
Being a pedophile does not make one a child molester. A pedophile cannot control whom they are attracted to, but a child molester has made a choice to do something horrible.
Careful on that slippery slope.
I think I have finally convinced my ultra-liberal gf of this. Conservatism and liberalism are the ebb and flow of societal progress. Religion seems out of place sometimes in the modern world, but it is society's millennia old memory of a way to live that is *good*. (Its other things as well, but that's besides the point). It is a way to live that is sustainable on a societal scale that will let most people be pretty happy.
Taking care of a home is nowhere near a full time job. As for the people, like I said - tie the tax breaks to raising children.
Romantic attraction and sexual attraction are not the same thing. Sounds like you might be bisexual, but hetero-romantic.
I mostly agree with you, but would like to point out one nuance. The gender binary has been embraced to the point that nearly every human action, behavior, mindset, etc can be described as either masculine or feminine. Hell, some languages *actually make them masculine or feminine*. The problem isn't usually not fitting into a box, it's fitting into the *wrong* box. If you're told from the time you can speak - by the stories you're told or even the language itself you use to speak - that certain behaviors are masculine, you will think of yourself as masculine if you enjoy those behaviors.
Have you lived alone? Then you've taken care of a household. I've done it several times, sometimes with a partner, sometimes alone. It really doesn't come anywhere near a full time job until you add children to the mix, which is why the tax breaks should be tied to child rearing instead of marriage.
LED is definitely the way to go, solar powered or not.
This is pretty much my method. I'll eat what I want the first day, then split it up and freeze/refrigerate the rest. As a bonus, if it lasts a week then you can repeat and have two different types of leftovers.
The problem is, even if I am right and that this is a symptom of a societal disorder, the damage is already done. These people have a *real problem*, and telling them to just get over it is ignorant at best. My concern though, is that by championing a physical fix to gender issues (although for individuals it does seem to be the best option we currently have) we run the risk of missing the bigger picture and fixing our society's root problem.
The $80k should not be taken at face value, and isn't really the point. The point is that increased income increases happiness to a point, then does exponentially less for you.
Brining takes chicken to a whole 'nother level. I'm a fan of a beer brine personally.
I used to hate her. Ok I still hate her, but I kinda get her purpose now. She's camouflage for a great show about a myriad of interesting characters, that's wrapped in a white woman bow to sell it to the producers.
Sadly, no, there doesn't. At least not in the near future.
[This](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1018059-beer-brined-roast-chicken) is a good place to start. You can mix up the spices any way you want, but keep the liquid/salt/sugar ratio the same. Fwiw, I've cooked chicken with a wide variety of beers and ran quite a few "Pepsi challenge" rounds, and Guinness always wins.
It makes me hate the writers more than anything. They could've made her interesting.
You can't ever "get away with" wearing Velcro, so the answer is whenever you stop giving a shit about what people will let you "get away with" wearing.
Pro tip: fill the pot with hot water from the tap. Boils much quicker.
It's been my experience girls that like chokers are more interested in being dominated.
Their bulk section is amazing. Having grown up in SA though, where you can't throw a rock without hitting an HEB, I'd give my left nut for a non-CM version down the street.
All glass is this way. Can you be more specific?
It's *more* reflective at a narrow angle, but whether or not it looks "completely" reflective depends highly on the light levels inside the glass vs outside the glass.
The tide never comes close to reaching the buildings. Iirc, there is now a bridge built that stays above the tide as well. Here's a time lapse of the tide coming in: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glOSH8WQ_RI
I use duel monitors as well, but I still stretch CAD across both and set it to two viewports.
Or, there's always [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Table-Pads/b?ie=UTF8&amp;node=13468961).
This is the only plausible explanation.
See, Dandy Lions have an enormous pride, and with pride comes parades. Have you seen what a parade does to a lawn?
Come again?
RemindMe! 3 Days "Did he do it?"
Yeah, he seems to have the cause and effect backwards. The desires don't magically create the drugs, like some crystal waving theory of attraction. On the other hand, guess what can literally create desires? Various types of drugs!
He died to carry the weight of your sarcasm.
The meaning of life is to first realize that all the 'meanings' of life you've been told your whole life are full of shit, then to find your way out the other end of the nihilistic fire to forge your own version of what the hell you think it all means. The meaning of life is to find meaning in life.
Was that not a sarcastic explanation?
Yes, I know. That's common enough knowledge though, that I thought you were answering my joking question with a sarcastically serious answer.
PM me if you still need someone to do this.
This article is quite literally about "food for thought".
It photographs amazingly, but is not quite as impressive in person. It's kind of a one trick pony.
I'd be curious to see a "number of current sexual partners" question. I'm assuming the one in the survey was asking about number of total sexual partners.
Since it didn't specify, I listed total. Also being poly, I'd be curious to know how common we are.
I have a theory though, that the placebo effect is dependent on how much you *believe* it to be effective, which has more to do with who sells it to you than any amount of scientific proof.
Also, /r/gardening
Yes, human fingers are not safe to compost.
I don't think this has the irony necessary to be called kitsch.
It's worked well for me so far also.
This is so poorly conceived it is causing me physical pain.
Don't take him back. You were miserable when you were with him, and there is no reason to think this time it will be any different.
That username though
You're welcome. Stay strong, internet stranger.
We'll just find out where the duct is ran for the bathroom's fart-fan and move his desk nearby so we can tap directly into it.
I would add that this response evolved before modern society, back when the most likely result of this would be an actual physical fight.
And if you miss leg day, you can just have sex standing up! :D
No, you really can't.
I'm perfectly fine with guys looking at my SO. However, I'm also fine with her having sex with them.
Don't get too excited there Duke. She's really picky.
The reclaiming is a pretty wonderful experience.
This is pretty much me also. I'll ask sometimes, but prefer not to know details. My SO is the opposite however. She loves to hear about my adventures, and I've even sent her photos before - with the other party's consent of course. I do really enjoy telling her, and seeing how much it turns her on.
I think this sounds more like an unintended side effect of using in-road sensors. If it takes vehicles at an intersection to turn a light green, it will most likely be red before you get to it. A system like this can easily backfire, in just the way OP describes.
I think you're overestimating the budget of smaller towns. What you described is how they *should* work, but this is not always the case.
If it looks like the kind of place that can make a decent cocktail, I'll order an old fashioned with rye. If I don't trust the bartender, or they've proven that it's too much to handle, I'll usually order just a rye bourbon neat or a beer.
Also, could be called inevitability.
Skyn + water based lube in the tip is the way to go.
Huh? Why the hell would you buy a 775 gallon rain barrel? Either I missed your sarcasm, or you don't understand the problem.
Ok, so that's 1/4 cent per gallon. A 50 gal barrel costs around $50. Every time the barrel fills, you make $0.12. You make your money back after filling the barrel around 400 times.
Where should I take my shirtless selfies then?
Also, I don't remember subscribing to /r/shittyelephantstuff
Just got kicked out of the mall for taking my shirt off. Now what?
Finished, this suit is squishy. I used celery for a tie.
They kicked me out again, something about making small children cry.
Eh. I've had quite a few in two different relationships, they are incredibly bonding experiences. She's had them before, I think she knows what she's getting herself into.
This setup paths the current through the mouse's brain, you dads did not.
So technically, it sounds like the offering were getting to the needy.
Yeah, it's nowhere near 50/50. More like 1/100. And no, that 1 is not yours.
And his history of not paying...
He's not, but he definitely struck a chord. For some, it was the same chord they've been trained to hear since birth, by countless rambling old men behind pulpits that they can just *feel* are Right. For others, it was the chord of *anything but the usual*.
If you take *anything* out of your body and keep it in a jar for a while it will start to stink.
People assume that open means easy. It's really the opposite. I'm *much* pickier about who I spend my time with now than when I was single.
And we really didn't want to ride it, but the group chose it because it would be a refreshing change from all those "establishment" roller coasters. And of course your creepy uncle Hank chose it because they don't let black ride it.
Give him time. As he matures, those funny feelings he got thinking of his friend's video will blossom into a love for having a cock in his ass also.
It's actually a fairly sophisticated pun, it's obviously a drawing of a cock.
It's a little known fact, but Art Nouveau was created by mixing modernism with hobbit-hole architecture.
That's how good this guy is. The portrait was done entirely by throwing salt over his shoulder.
&gt;You don't sociologists launching studies about people wanting to with friends and family. I think you that second sentence.
I believe that is a clear cut case of a hater doing what a hater does best. Keep it up, your work is light years ahead of theirs.
If he hadn't, the cumulative bad luck would've killed him before finishing the piece. Therefore, it must've been thrown over his shoulder. I mean, look at the smile on his face.
You don't **see** sociologists launching studies about people wanting to **???** with friends and family.
I found two half eaten pieces of chicken in my truck bed last weekend. There's a trashcan 10 feet from where I park. I understand one piece I suppose, you finish eating a bit of bird while walking, and toss it in whatever receptacle is handy. That I can understand. That second piece though, raises questions.
Someone is about to get the best chunky golden shower.
I think a formal report is overboard if this is an isolated incident. I do, however, think a carefully worded email to the boss asking not to be embarrassed for things you didn't do is in order. This establishes a paper trail in case things ever go south, and opens up a line of communication with the boss.
It might help you to write a letter telling him how he hurt you and why. Even if you just tear it up or burn it it might do you good to get it out.
I have a really faint memory of my brother using our computer to dial into a friend's computer directly.
&gt; If you're wondering how it happened, you can start with drinking and doing drugs at a party with people you don't know until everyone else left. Also, they came on to her and she went along with it.
&gt;I'm somewhat afraid of people finding out. If you are afraid of anyone you know finding out about something, you have to turn to strangers to process it and get your bearings.
Yeah, I went into that expecting something like an Archer spin-off, ended up with Californication but somehow infinitely more relate-able.
You're right, she did not specify who instigated. I would say odds are good it wasn't her though. Either way, she was a willing participant. My point was that emphasizing the drugs and alcohol too much is unhealthy. She chose to do this, she should own it.
Assuming things are all equal, it'd be 1/3 that she instigated, not 50/50. Personally, I'd put her odds at lower than that but I have no other reason to but my own experiences which may or may not apply, and the fuzziness of her recollection. We really just don't know enough about her or the situation. It's besides the point though, her enthusiastic participation is the point.
Monogamy
And the most powerful things in the story are wizards and a beam powered by crystals.
Currently, this is the best pun thread on Reddit.
Monogamy. Open relationships really are better, if you can make the mental shift.
How about *Househunters: Anthropocene*?
Also so the artist can work in more prominent locations, that would otherwise not be an option without permission.
It's like a cross between Banksy and Bob Ross.
That's ridiculous. They're obviously talking about the excellent [weatherstripping](http://duckbrand.com/products/weatherization/window-door-seals) that creates the perfect seal when the window is shut, regulating the temperature and humidity. Without it, the sill wouldn't be nearly as good for the rooting experiment.
I'm actually quite fond of your spelling error. 😊
I like your username.
Yeah, this is a shitty analogy and OP should feel bad about themselves.
Sad.
Reddit most likely follows a bell curve across the entire spectrum.
Yes, I realize that.
Also, she lacked the talent and skill required for such a restoration.
You could try Joe pool lake.
Yeah, why would you stop watering the green grass?
I actually kinda did this. I took a calculus class that was a repeat of one I had taken in highschool, so I was only going to tests. I was walking to another class, and realized in mid stride that I had missed a test completely. I just dropped the class and retook it the next semester.
I think the issue is we lump sex and romance into a single term. It sounds like op is hetero-romantic but bisexual, or at least bicurious. That being said, wanting to perform oral sex on his gay friend makes him not "straight" in the way 99.99% of people would use the term.
And, that they were plural.
Have you ever known someone that lived in constant pain, unable to do anything that could be considered meaningful? Have you ever loved someone that lost the will to live? I thought pretty much like you until I watched my grandmother wither away, and she went pretty quickly compared to many.
&gt; They just want you to burst. Huh?
I think you are describing a catheter. Bonus points if you're into sounding.
For a second, I thought this was about a Republican coup. This is still cool.
Her ass can handle more processes than task manager.
And this is why you find an experienced spotter when you are performing a potentially life-threatening stunt. The guy held it, but had no idea there'd be so much horizontal thrust.
Guy who's obsessed with sexual perversion turns out to be sexual pervert? I'm shocked.
Somewhere, there is an old woman telling a story to her nursing home friends about that time she was contemplating suicide from a deep depression brought on by the loss of her son. Then one day she saw a helpless young man steal a tube of cookie dough and realized how selfish it would be to check out when there are so many others to help.
That was a very strange story. I'm glad it worked out well for you in the end.
The "assless" modifier is referring to not wearing anything under them. If you say someone is wearing chaps, you picture something more "cowboy" and less "gay stripper", although there can be a crossover between the two. It also helps to differentiate to make it easier for cowboys and gay strippers to online shop.
I prefer ass-i-licious.
I'm critiquing the metaphor, not the general gist of this post. You aided my point, because nobody holds someone down and forces them to drink coffee. Having to go there to make the metaphor fit proves how bad of a metaphor it is. The spirit of the post is good, the metaphor was shit.
You seriously don't see how the two things being fundamentally different makes it a bad metaphor? If you want to illustrate the coercive nature of forced advances, pick something that illustrates that. Bringing someone coffee does not illustrate the main point at hand.
That was quite disrespectful of him, good for you for bailing.
The absurdity of metaphors is to make a point. This metaphor is not absurd, it the opposite really. It just flat out does not accurately depict the situation, nor does it's inaccuracy make a hyperbolic point that adds to the discussion.
It falls apart because nobody is going to force coffe down your throat. That part really is the crux of the consent debate.
Nah, he'd be crucified
You're really bending over backwards to make this work. If the metaphor somehow makes sense to you, then that's fine with me. I was just offering constructive criticism because the point of the post is a good one and I felt the metaphor wasn't doing it justice.
Are you not listening? We need to get out and *protest*.
They look at the immanent chaos and think they're above it. They don't care if they world suffers as long as they get to live like kings.
Can you guys also adopt the blue parts of Texas?
And riddled with guilt. So much guilt.
[yes, it has](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/017/426/b4e.jpg)
That has to be one of the least welcoming entries I've ever seen. No overhang or cover, dark foreboding materials, door is oversized (double doors should very rarely be used for an entry) and hovers ever so slightly above the minuscule porch in front of it. You know people trip the first time they enter this place. That is also the most half-assed use of stone I have ever seen. It's like they were almost done building the thing and thought "stone entries are cool, I think we need as stone entry". So they applied as little of the material as possible with no regard to form, or any other design principle really. The complete lack of articulation around the entry door is only made worse by trimming the garage door like the stone is siding. You can tell it was designed purely in 2d elevation, by the complete lack of relief between the two materials on the front of the house, and the fact that instead of turning the corner the stone literally just stops at a piece of trim. The way it's applied there is no question it's really just sticky stone, glued to the substrate. The roof on roof. Covering a roof with a roof is absurd, but that only scratches the surface of why this is such a bad move. I literally cannot think of a worse use of space. It's covered, and you have the structure of the garage below forming a floor. You could move the wall out and capture the space for the house and allow yourself room for a real window instead of that claustrophobic little mess they wedged between the sub-roof and the main roof. You could leave the wall where it is and install a railing. That would make a pretty decent balcony. Then there's that little fucking column. Look at that thing. Not only does it come down and awkwardly intersect with the roof slope, it hits mid-span over the garage door. I have literally never seen a more unsettling column.
It's crossed my mind that life would be significantly better in some ways if I were bi.
Yes, the benefit would come with much discrimination.
Huh?
Yes, just do a full sprint for 40 seconds
I was literally pushing a turd out when I read your comment. It was like you were staring into my soul.
This sadly may be true.
That's his secret. He's always jerking.
Sounds like a cancer diagnosis. "I'm sorry ma'am. Your relationship has dickmatised."
They would have a case against the ex, not grindr
Bro is still in his truck, that's called "standing", not parking. I don't believe he is doing anything illegal, as he can move the second someone needs that space.
I would call it a yellow flag. It doesn't mean you're incompatible, but you have to be extra careful because red flags are hard to see through rose colored glasses.
That was my first thought as well after watching this. Unorthodox, but strangely good muzzle control.
OP said he posted the worst of the vid.
You don't know until you try
It's like we're playing a game of monopoly, but all the properties were owned before we started so no matter where we land we have to pay someone. Also, most of the money in the bank is taken too, so it's a crapshoot how much you get to start out with.
I'm going to give you a slightly different perspective on this. I've met very few people that were attractive at 17 that I can stand being around for more than an hour or two. It's more than just the ego that inevitably develops, their attractiveness means that they never have to try in social interaction because *everything they say is treated like it's interesting*. This has a way of severely handicapping their social development. Being less attractive means you have to learn how to actually be a real person. The main thing you have to overcome is your confidence issue, but once you figure out how to deal with that you're golden. It helps to think of yourself as the underdog. Do people expect you to get the attractive girl? No, but fuck them. They don't know you. If you try and fail, nobody will be surprised so you lose nothing by trying. If you try and succeed however... And trust me, you will eventually succeed if you keep trying and when you do it will be more fulfilling than anything those other people will have ever felt, and it will be real. They will always live in fear that the person is only with them because of their fleeting looks. And they will be right.
Not just interesting, knowing what to expect would help others like OP stand up for themselves.
&gt; From my experience there's a pretty even playing field for the vast majority of normal people I've found the world to be the exact opposite of this.
Holy shit, I love this theory. It explains so much.
Yep, the game was invented as a critique of this exact thing.
At first. Shit is great fertilizer though. High in nitrogen.
Those are all great questions, but I wonder about the choice of using a photo of two ridiculously beautiful young people in an article about actually finding love.
I'm saying for an article about a practical approach to love, they chose to depict a stereo-typically idealized version of it.
In my experience, that is the path of most male/female friendships regardless of whether or not sex is involved.
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Mint and raspberries are basically weeds. They're surprisingly difficult to kill.
I think it's apt to point out that when the forest is on fire, the hunter is no longer a hunter but a runner.
It just dawned on me that pedophiles would make great lifeguards.
Yes, but would you *add-bite* her? I don't know what it is, but I'd sure as hell try.
Mouth-to-mouth might not always be necessary, but it's better safe than sorry.
Regardless of source, no. Just wanted to point out the ideological diversion. I guess I just like pissing into the wind.
Mint can't stand up to the invasive species to end all invasive species: bamboo.
Your popularity in high school does not matter. Learning to navigate popularity does, but how popular you actually are will have little to no effect on the rest of your life except for how you let it shape your mind. In 5-10 years you will likely know almost nobody from high school. The friendships that do last will probably not be the ones you expect to. Friendships formed from sports, popularity, proximity, convenience, fun.... those die quickly. It's only the ones that are formed on what I would call an intellectual level that have a chance of surviving, and that is rare too. People change, if the two of you change too much even that intellectual connection breaks. Again, the experience of making and having friends is hugely important, but the friendships themselves are far from permanent. Because of this, cultivate your friendships. Know which ones to let die or just take a back burner and focus on the ones with a deeper connection. Meet as many people as you can. Get to know as many people as you can. Be open (within reason) to new experiences but be wary of anything addictive. Your life is teeming with potential right now, take advantage of it. In ten years when you look back you will not regret the things you've done, but the things you didn't do. This is all based off my own experience, I hope some of it helps you.
http://www.bamboogarden.com/cold%20hardy%20bamboo.html
You outliving them is so much better than them outliving you.
Very few homes have any sort of pressure usually. Your dryer exhaust, stove hood, and bathroom fan will create negative pressure when they're on but other than that it's a static system. *Most* a/c units do not pull in outside air, they just recirculate the air that is already in the house.
&gt; we get to choose what matters most to us. This right here is the light at the end of the long, dark tunnel of nihilism.
Maybe they ordered a real pizza, and this was just the decoy pizza.
No, he's furiously tweeting away. They just hacked his twitter app to not actually post anything he says.
Some systems do have them. If you build a home with spray insulation you need one, since the insulation is *too* airtight and won't let your house breath. Typically, in type 5 construction the systems are all pervious enough that additional outside air is not needed.
It's possible that was an intended effect.
Given his performance, your comment has quite the ominous ring to it.
Whew! I was picturing it human sized and it was creeping me out.
Not necessarily. I have a wet dream where Trump ends up fracturing the GOP beyond repair, and the DNC splits into two parties.
Lol, well we might've finally found our orange colored wedge to finally make it happen.
Given the situation, I think it would be perfectly ok to tell her he finds it hot to listen to her fuck. No need to mention masturbation.
I would add that he leaked a portion of his memos that contained no classified information.
You guys should fight. If only there was an ap for that...
Aren't we all? The question remains though. Once we're heard, then what?
In my experience that's not the case. People wanting to "just be heard" expect that once their bit of wisdom is finally aired, everyone will see the world as they do and everything will be "ok".
Huh?
Bau-wau haus
Did OP want him to be gay?
Japan is the size of California? Edit: huh. It's [closer than I thought](http://mapfight.appspot.com/jp-vs-california/japan-california-us-size-comparison).
New LED lights blend different colors of 'white' to follow the curve of black-body radiation, even when dimmed. I'm curious how this would look filmed though, as it mimics the arc by playing with colors our eyes see.
One day we'll stop laughing. I wonder if it will be too late.
I would add to this that after your oil heats and before you toss in the onion, throw your spices in the oil for 10-30 seconds. This allows them to 'bloom', which releases their flavor and toasts them a bit but also releases all the wonderful vitamins stored in those spices.
I'm usually all for the anonymity of the internet. I actually think it is paramount we champion it. However, when it comes to things like this we need to consider some sort of unquestionably verified ID. Both have their merit, and I believe both should exist.
Unrealistic health claims. Basically selling snake oil.
I'm guessing that was the tip of the LIVE AWESOMELY guide to living life, well, awesomely.
You're such a well-trained human. Your cat must be proud.
Seriously? /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells must feel so vindicated.
It depresses me that I agree with you.
&gt; It will be sweeter if you wrap your peter c'mon, let's not lie to the poor virgin. Condoms are important, but sex is definitely not better with one on.
&gt; I'll make my OWN court! Don't give the maniac any ideas.
I grew up with some of these people and you couldn't be more right. For them it's a Holy War. They have the Truth, so they know what is Right. You can't reason with them, as they do not start from a foundation of reason. In fact, they are taught from a very young age that to have Faith and believe the Truth in the face of "false evidence" makes you a Good Person. These people were trained to believe that the world was created 6,000 years ago and that evolution is a lie. They've been groomed for this.
My best friend is gay. I feel like he'd much rather take a cock in the ass than a bullet.
Lets just say that I firmly believe that if nuclear war ever happens, it will be started by someone who believes that they are starting Armageddon, and ushering in the end of times.
I've joined the solo chapter a few times.
Actually, ziplock bags are perfect for this, just make sure you squeeze out every bit of air before you seal it. Then lay them flat in the fridge so they freeze really thin so they defrost easily.
So, just like a standard house?
Thanks for the term, I'd not heard of it.
You can tell from how it intersects the main form that it also slopes away from the street and sheds water in the rear of the house. If the top of that form is a flat roof (as apposed to a parapet around a standard 'flat' roof), then it would only require a slight cricket before hitting the main form to drain normally.
Nah, definitely a stylish B
This... is surprisingly good advice.
I would say you're lucky
ella
Imagine how it'd make you feel if you were a chicken.
That's a bingo!
ella
&gt;Privacy concerns have swirled around wearable devices that record what the wearer sees There is something deeply unsettling about this that I can't quite put my finger on. Edit: Yes, I've seen the black mirror episode. To clarify, I don't so much find the ability to record what you see unsettling, but the fact that there is so much focus on preventing you from recording what you see.
Givin' me salmonella
To keep it hot. Actually, like 95% of the time it *is* heating hot water unless you have a tankless.
I had no idea "thou" was singular. Whenever people talk shit about "y'all", I explain that it fills a gaping void in our language - the second person plural. Now I know why that hole is there, thank you.
Odds are this would also fracture the GOP on his way out. Holy shit, I just got a massive freedom boner.
The idea get really questionable really quickly if I don't own the video. But why should anyone be able to tell me I can't record my perspective?
Huh?
&gt; proof of our experiences can be illegal to create Yeah, this is the part that scares the shit out of me.
It doesn't matter how much insulation you have on it, it will still lose some heat constantly.
How exactly does this satisfy the algebraic meaning of dimension?
Your spine does kinda bend when you thrust your pelvis forward. Just saying...
&gt; If you want quality of life, consider the suburbs The only reason in my mind to live in the suburbs is access to school districts or because you can't afford your desired lifestyle in the city. The suburbs are a cultural wasteland.
There are a few here in Dallas also.
You're a wild man, Gary
Honestly, every time I take a *really* large shit - I'm talking personal record breaking shit here - I sometimes look down and think "So *that's* how large of a cock I could take."
Remember to use protection. Centaur babies are [not a pretty sight](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3dq1nd/the_trouble_with_centaur_babies/).
I would add that it is important *how* you inform them. Keep your hands on the wheel, and tell them calmly and respectfully that you have a firearm in your vehicle and where it is. Wait until they respond to start (very slowly as you have said) reaching for identification.
Oh. Hadn't thought of that. :(
Maybe that's what the c stands for? I don't know, I'm not up on my mythical birthing practices
Holy shit. *This* explains where all those half inches have been disappearing to in every plan I have ever drawn. I'm suing for loss of productivity.
Or, you know, just easy.
They say dark humor is like food; not everyone gets it. I think it's more like anal sex; not everyone enjoys it, but that just makes me want to force it on them.
&gt;I don't get the point of this post &gt; why is it the new requirement to be loved? Because it's easier to draw a tenuous connection to something that is someone else's fault than to directly address what seems to be at the core of the issue since it involves turning your gaze inwards.
It's not your fault. You are who you are, never be apologetic about it. However, you are predicating the ability to have a loving relationship on your perceived ability to find 100% sexual compatibility. While sexual compatibility is an important part of a relationship, so is navigating differences.
The actual title of the article was "Is Dallas’ Housing Market Cooling Off?" According to Betteridge's law, the answer to any question asked in a headline is "no".
This is pretty much it. You can even hear it in their name, "involuntary celibacy". It brings to mind something being done *to* them, instead of a result of them being insufferable assholes.
There are a myriad of reasons why a guy couldn't get laid. I would start though by saying that the focus on getting laid *itself* makes them an asshole. Then, joining a movement that takes zero personal responsibility for not being able to connect with anyone enough to get to the sex part makes them a *massive asshole*. So I am sorry, you are wrong. This mentality is self entitled and caustic.
I'm not kicking guys that are down. I'm honestly addressing a worldview.
If you are implying our views are aligned, I assure you they are not. I am disagreeing with you diametrically. We should not go easier on these guys, this sort of critique and even mockery is how a social system polices itself.
No, I didn't. You telling me I'm not your adversary and then telling me I'm wrong when I disagree is quite a high level of gaslighting. No wonder you are defending the incels.
That is not a healthy way to respond to someone that disagrees with you.
You still think something like that could actually sink Trump?
I might've made a difference pre-election but I don't see anything happening if he dropped one right now.
Well, until people heard that a billionaire was giving away money. Goodbye privacy.
Because that's not neeearly as impressive as letting everyone know they own a houses at 10,000ft on the side of a mountain.
The Republican Congressmen don't even need lifeboats, he's so unsinkable.
Instructions unclear, burnt my dick in my tea.
Just imagine it as a long thin knife, so when you try to pull out you split your little guy long-ways.
My patriotic boner just grew four inches longer
*boner halves intensify*
Anytime.
I was also raised in the cult of American Fundamentalism, and I've somewhat made it a personal goal to understand these people [this article](http://www.rawstory.com/2017/06/fundamentalism-racism-fear-and-propaganda-an-insider-explains-why-rural-christian-white-america-will-never-change/) pretty much sums up my views on it better than I ever could.
Dunno, looks like OP's having a ball.
It's kinda like a really ripe cantaloupe.
According to that article, it takes 3-4 hours to reach peak temp on high and about 8 hours on low. In the time frames we are talking about, that means that the high setting will reach peak temp but low will not.
Yeah, but he's also responsible for your presidency.
Well, it was given to them against their consent.
He actually said grammatically fine.
Ah, my mistake
No worries. Have a wonderful day my friend.
When there were only one set of footprints in the sand, that's when my penis was carrying you.
