Last time I locked my beater outside my brother's place overnight (Wilson Ave. L stop) nothing was taken, even though I only used a single U through the frame. But someone used a boxcutter to split the seat in half...
It says &gt; D.C. officials are retiming all 1,600 traffic lights in the District to ease travel for drivers, bus riders, cyclists and pedestrians. and &gt; *Some* of the lights haven't been touched in 30 years and &gt; Sixty percent of signals in D.C. have been retimed already... This does not say what you think it says.
I still don't understand what the actual allegations here are: &gt;Police were aware that a large group of young men groped a string of teenage girls at the We Are Sthm music festival in Stockholm in both 2014 and 2015, while publically describing the atmosphere as being calm, Swedish media are reporting. This implies that the police did not accurately report the number of crimes, but... &gt;The Dagens Nyheter (DN) newspaper says it has seen a memo from last summer, warning police ahead of the event that there was a known "problem with young men who rub themselves against young girls" at the festival. According to DN's sources, the alleged attackers were mostly believed to be refugees who had come to Sweden without their parents. Officers had, however, **avoided informing the public that they had made this connection**, the sources claimed. This makes it sound like the "cover up" consisted of the police reporting crimes, but *concealing the racial/ethnic identity of suspects*. But then: &gt; Police earlier said that there had been "relatively few crimes and people taken into custody considering the number of participants" in the festival, however on Monday they admitted that the full picture had not been given. "We should certainly have written and told people about this, no doubt. Why it did not happen I do not know," Varg Gyllander, a press spokesperson, told DN. This *implies* the former allegations, *but never states them.* Did DN accuse the police of not reporting crimes (a truly sinister allegation)? Or did DN accuse the police of not publicizing a wide-spread type of crime (possibly a public safety issue, but depends on context)? Or did DN accuse the police of not publicizing the racial/ethnic identity of suspected criminals committing a wide-spread type of crime (highly subjective allegation)? I've seen this story developing on /r/europe for the last two days, and the anti-immigrant right is making itself heard loud and clear. Even someone in this thread is blaming the "multi-culturalist" boogeymen for this. And perhaps it's a translation issue (e.g., maybe Swedish police have a different reporting duty than American Police), **but I still haven't seen the actual allegations.** Short of that, this reads like a lot of "Why won't Obama say 'Radical Islamist Terrorisim?!'" fluff. Caveat: I am not in any way trying to claim the attacks didn't happen, or that they should not be taken seriously. I'm making the argument that this "scandal" may not be as sinister as the anti-immigration DN is making it out to be. But I am also an American who hasn't read any of the primary-source coverage.
&gt; The official story was that this simply didn't happen. No abnormal sexual assault numbers, definitely not involving Afghan immigrants. That certainly sounds damning. Forgive me for being persistent about this, but I'm still not clear on what this means, exactly. Are you saying that women and girls reported being attacked to the police and the police did not file complaints (i.e., a formal process that would be recorded somewhere and theoretically initiate an investigation)? Or are you saying that the police recieved a large number of complaints but then made no public statement about the increase in the complaints (i.e., the police did not announce "Hey, everybody! Watch out for a bunch of guys groping girls in public!")? &gt;It has already been stated by the police that most of these sexual assaults at the festival went unreported, despite this in 2014 and 2015 there were a total of 38 actual cases entered into the police database, in 23 of these cases the girl was under the age of 15 and in only two cases were the girls over 18. Again, what does "went unreported" mean? Do you mean formally, as in the police did not record the attacks as reported by the victims, or that the attacks went unreported by the media? I'm sorry if this sounds pedantic, but I'm really trying to understand.
They're not trying to [justify the crime](https://www.google.com/search?q=justify+definition&amp;oq=justify+definition&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.4000j0j1&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=UTF-8), the article added that important fact for context. You mentioned two crimes to make your point; that's literally why the phrase "the plural of anecdote is not data" exists. Yeah, this crime is disturbing (as is the 7/4 stabbing) for the same reason: the motives seem irrational. But that doesn't mean you're less safe. Statistically, you're safer than at any point in the last seven years!
These downvoters must really love their lotto.
&gt; the transplant version of campfire stories. That's a good read - I'll remember that one. I also think a lot of transplants like to have some participation in their community, and the easiest way to get involved in your community is via outrage.
I agree, it is awkwardly worded. But then again they're TV people, right?
It's not entirely meaningless. Even if you accept the idea that grad rates are inflated, employers who want to see that you finished high school don't know that; they just want to know you didn't bail on something that was hard. Even relatively meaningless certifications still have some level of value, because they [signal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signalling_(economics\)) to potential employers that you went through the effort to get them.
&gt;it People are still talking about two different things. &gt; random unprovoked attack on an unsuspecting person Assault. Face criminal charges. Possibly go to jail depending on circumstances. &gt;two juveniles who get into a fistfight... "He said the victim is not cooperating with the investigation." Affray, if charges can even stick. No jail time (nor should there be).
Virginia Challenge: find a (non-chain) restaurant in your town that isn't pizza, chinese, or "**** Grille." Bars don't count. You can go pretty far on 66 before finding a candidate.
We were nice and toasty in the tent with a 15° overnight low, but the condensation was thick by morning. We would have been cold if we tried a second night as our bags were pretty damp. Any advice?
Thanks, that's a good tip! I've basically been watching the [Forest Service webcam](http://www.fsvisimages.com/fstemplate.aspx?site=DOSO1) and went out at the first indication of snow. If only this blizzard had come a week earlier! That weekend (Jan 8-10) was great up on Old Rag, though. The rain kept the crowds away and made the scrambles a lot more interesting.
&gt;Fuck gypsies &gt;I'm not racist, but... Yeah.
Exactly, it seems like /u/Sniper_LTU didn't even read OP's comment.
The final map shows federal tribal trust lands, which excludes many reservations, especially in the east. [Here's a pdf map](http://www.nps.gov/nagpra/DOCUMENTS/RESERV.PDF) that appears to be more complete (but I'm no expert).
I have the same experience: in my recollection, I've never met anyone that would express something so heinous as "she deserved it," or even something like "it's okay to go to bed with a woman who's black-out drunk" which even a few years ago wasn't as widely a vilified sentiment as it is today. But I recently found out that a friend of mine who I've known for years was (is) a hardcore racist who genuinely thinks that black folks are less human than he is. Full-on stormfront shit. You can say I should have known, but I didn't. And I'm not insensitive to these things, I think he was just very careful not to share any of his toxic ideas or thoughts with me. *For years.* Anyway, I'm sharing that because it was an especially poignant object lesson that not everything about society can be directly informed by my daily experience. YMMV.
I'm not going to disagree with you there, but that's literally everyone that's run for office. And I don't mean that cynically - it can be a good thing. People who lead often do so out of dueling strains of vainglorious self regard and idealistic passion. A truly selfless leader is a rare thing indeed, and I don't think I know of anyone who's ever run for president fits that bill. But the trick is to find someone who's willing to put let their ego suffer for their ideals. I think a lot of what people dislike about Hillary is that she's very pragmatic about getting what she wants (in both the ideals category and the political self-preservation category). Add that to a long career in the public view, and you get a lot of gory pics of the sausage being made. One other thing I'd add is that it's useful to remember in the 60s and 70s, parties and ideologies were far less rigidly aligned compared to today. Northern Republicans very well could have been Democrats today, and Southern Democrats... well, lets just be glad that's not a thing anymore.
And giving them a voice in national politics empowers them. Prior to this election cycle it was inconceivable that a Republican candidate would equivocate on the question of the KKK, even if they routinely counted KKK sympathizers among their voters. In the future, these same voters will expect the same level of direct acknowledgement in order to win their vote; they won't be satisfied with Nixon-style dogwhistles. Trump could be spurring the dawn of a new nationalist/racist movement in the U.S. without even knowing it.
It'd be enforced in response to shootings/discharges, not preemptively.
It'd be enforced in response to shootings/discharges, not preemptively.
Come on, you can get [more precise than that](http://aclu.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=004776).
Honest question: should MPD divert homicide detectives to identify and charge joyriding dirtbikers? Or should the homicide detectives keep investigating and solving homicides? What about the district detectives who investigate shootings, sexual assaults, and other violent crimes? How many of those detectives should be pulled off of their cases to solve the dirtbike problem?
&gt; The numbers don't matter Yes they do. They're often all that matters. How much soda do you drink per day? Per week? What is the actual added cost over the course of a year?
Does $0.30 ruin it for you?
Calm down. Literally all of those things have more nutritional value than soda. Moreover, there's no clear evidence that whole milk contributes to obesity, while there's extensive evidence that soda does.
I mean, the [department of revenue sucks at collecting taxes](http://www.phillymag.com/news/2015/04/15/paying-taxes-philadelphia-optional/), and there's plenty of people who [think municipal departments are inefficient](http://www.phillyvoice.com/survey-how-does-philly-feel-about-philly/). But "the money will just get stolen" is such a common refrain on this sub, and yet I've still yet to see a single post making allegations of wide-spread theft on the order of millions of dollars. Hell, even [Chakah Fattah](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/07/congressman-chaka-fattah-indicted-on-racketeering-charges) didn't steal money from the _city_ (he took bribes, misused campaign donations for personal use, and tried to steer a federal grant to a donor). I'm new to this sub/city and I'm just wondering if I'm missing anything or if it's store-brand American cynicism that just happens to be extra strong in /r/philadelphia.
I won't disagree with you, patronage happens. I'm just wondering why everyone here seems to think that it happens _so much_ that the city government can't do anything else. I mean, it happens in DC, too. But when the city council votes on a bill, people talk about the bill, not about corruption.
&gt; Another money grab to throw cash into the fire pit. Here's what I'm saying - I don't see the fire pit. I read the [mayors budget](http://www.phila.gov/Newsletters/MayorsOperatingBudgetInBriefFY2016.pdf) and I see incomes and outlays. I ask for evidence and I get innuendo. I'm seriously messaging multiple people on this sub and nobody has even linked me to a single article about where money is being wasted! As for the "cash grab" part, the estimated annual revenue ($91 million) is just over 2% of the city's budget ($3.95 billion). But since there are simultaneous cuts to wage taxes, it's not actually increasing the city's revenue (revenue is increasing, but that's due to growth in the tax base).
64-years old and just as useful/goofy-looking.
I mean, we'll see, but at best he (legally) directed state money to OARC, an organization which was investigated two years ago with no apparent charges resulting. Never great, but that's some weak guilt by association. I like to at least give someone a chance.
Voters, not members
Where did you get 3+ dead? I've never heard that one before. FBI used 4+ dead, which is where the more controversial 4+ dead or wounded came from.
So is ours, but that doesn't mean easy access to guns doesn't make it higher. Two things can happen at once...
Haha, instead of downvoting my informative comment, why don't you call [or](https://www.casey.senate.gov/contact/) [email](https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=contact) your senators? And since Toomey's up for reelection this year, you can also hold that over his head.
Jesus, is that it? Your dad encouraged you to respond to threats with violence? What happened to tell an adult?
1) People can also learn without having their life threatened. Happens all the time, and with much less risk. 2) Sometimes kids behaving badly don't respond rationally. I don't think getting killed is the optimal outcome.
9 times out of 10 that might work. Then that one time you shoot severely mentally disabled dude that PPD Crisis Intervention Officers are trained to handle. Grats bro. Great job keeping the peace.
Found what I was looking for. Here's a pretty great guide to philly corruption if you're interested: http://thephiladelphiacitizen.org/john-estey-corruption-chronicles/
&gt; will It's cool that you know the future.
I thought it was more about the unions pushing work to NYC over Philly (rather than demanding higher wages). Only skimmed it though.
Gas taxes are enacted in terms of cents per gallon, not percentage of price (so that revenue doesn't fluctuate wildly) Gas taxes are not adjusted for inflation. Gas taxes are for roads. NJ has a lot of old roads, but the 2nd lowest gas tax in the country. This is why the gas tax is going up. Raising the gas tax is an *outstandingly normal* thing to do.
Your skepticism is not based upon any facts. [Here's the revenue and outlays of NJ fuel taxes and transportation capital expenditures since 1985](http://www.state.nj.us/ttfa/financing/apprevenues.shtm). As you can see, the transportation capital fund has consistently received the entirety of the constitutionally-required share of the gas tax. More detail in the [state budget](http://www.nj.gov/treasury/omb/publications/16bib/BIB.pdf) (search for "motor fuels" tax).
Why? This means NJ can finally rebuild its roads! The gas tax is the main source of funding for state roads, and it hasn't been adjusted for inflation since 1985! It's currently the 2nd lowest gas tax in the country, despite the fact that NJ has much older roads than the rest of the country.
It's not about finding a single dollar (see [here](http://www.state.nj.us/ttfa/financing/apprevenues.shtm) for sources and appropriations of road funds in NJ), it's about correcting a broken formula where gas taxes are supposed to fund roads but can't because the rate hasn't been adjusted for inflation since 1985. Because gas tax revenues are so low, general funds need to be appropriated for roads, but this leads to putting off normal maintenance and highly unpredictable funding for major long-term capital projects. This deal reallocates funding to raise the same amount of revenue but do it in a predictable and sustainable way. Moreover, the tax is shifted to people that use roads more, so it's a more equitable sharing.
Does the motor fuel excise tax apply to fuel that's not sold in NJ though?
Since I don't live in NJ anymore, *I* haven't been paying for shit... but I would love to see the Pulaski finished (and as a train and tunnel user, I'd prefer if the Port Authority weren't paying for that). But the long and short of it is, the gas tax was too low to pay for all the needed road maintenance. So rather than increase the gas tax, the Transportation Trust Fund was created. The fund could issue bonds to fund large projects, and would be backed by revenue from the gas tax. But since the tax didn't increase, the fund eventually had to borrow more and more to do needed maintenance. Now the fund is broke (surprise!). Covering up the problem by creating a debt-issuing entity didn't work. You just need to pay for roads.
&gt;The city we were using for their courts declined audits for years What city was that? Morristown?
There's a contractual obligation for pensioners that any change goes to state-wide referendum? Damn.
Well if its any consolation, a lot of the gas tax &amp; toll revenue comes from people that just drive through NJ (like myself). Also, the downward shift in the sales tax should benefit you as well, unless you're doing a great job saving. From a governance perspective, this is an excellent move. NJ has been fucking up transportation funding since Gov. Kean's days. For multi-year transportation projects, predictability is key. It allows you to do the required maintenance that saves money in the long run.
Hm. [Nothing about it in the article.](http://nj1015.com/gas-tax-hike-sales-tax-cut-approved-by-assembly-in-deal-with-christie/) Oh well, we'll know soon enough.
&gt; Jersey has the highest cost per mile for repairing roads, for literally no reason. Adding to [this](http://www.nj.com/opinion/index.ssf/2015/02/report_claiming_nj_roads_cost_2_million_per_mile_t.html) and to what /u/phiwings mentioned, there's lots of reasons why NJ has higher per-mile road maintenance costs. NJ has more traffic (which leads to more road damage faster), and NJ's roads are generally older. &gt; In exchange for... **And a decrease in the sales tax.** That's the main reduction in revenue, and it's actually more equitable than keeping the gas tax low. People can (generally speaking, in the long-run) choose to drive less or not drive a truck. But you can't choose to not buy things. &gt; It doesn't need to cost this much and there's way more then enough money collected to get the job done. I'd like to see evidence of that. A lot of people seem to be complaining about waste, corruption, and fraud without pointing to any actual evidence (and "This is NJ! I don't need evidence!" is not an argument)
But how much will you save on sales taxes? Take your total spending in NJ (on non-tax-exempt goods and services) and multiply that by 1%.
Cool, thx
I'm totally open to the idea that unions drive higher wages for construction workers, but if you look at the figures cited above, it can't be the only factor. Construction unions are strong in plenty of states.
&gt; evidence of systematic mismanagement in the transportation trust fund or turnpike authority So, still zero. &gt; I'm gonna stop here because I think I made a fair point, even if it's not complete You've made a point that you have a lot of complaints. You have in no way tied them to either the transportation trust fund or to the turnpike authority (the two largest state agencies that handle road maintenance and construction). *Edit: And I'm not being pedantic here, I understand that many people just don't know what the bureaucratic process of collecting taxes, allocating the funds via law, and spending them on salaries and contractors involves. In this case, if you're worried that new gas tax revenue will be misspent, you've got to pin it on the folks who will have control of the revenue. The tax money will go straight to the Transportation Trust Fund. Saying "Christie gave his pals Sandy money!" has nothing to do with the good folks at the TTF!
SHOWTIME!
Street rules dictate you have no obligation. No guilt, just enjoy the free music courtesy of population density.
Maybe that's the problem, they sent out aid offers without clearing the extra expense. Either way, there's definitely more to this story, since only Dai's side is talking.
&gt; anchor babies Ugh. They're actual people.
I can't explain the difference other than to guess probably due to strong unions? Seems like the prevailing wage is similarly high in CT: http://www2.ctdol.state.ct.us/WageRatesWeb/WageRatesbyTown.aspx?Town=Fairfield I mean, I'm not arguing that NJ is a cheap place to live, or that the wages paid to asphalt machine operators are optimal. I'm arguing that no one is stealing the money. If you really want to call high wages mismanagement, I suppose I can't stop you. But for my money, that doesn't make the ass-backwards way we have to emergency allocate road funding every year a good idea. And I'm perfectly fine with the notion that road users should pay for roads.
Following the ECG from NYC to DC back in 2011 I crossed the Susquehanna on US40 in Perryville, MD (which is very much not allowed). Got a big fat ticket for that one. Don't rely only on the ECG signs, there's still no legal way to cross the Susquehanna in MD on a bike.
Holy shit, I'm blown away. I've been telling this story for years. Officially retired.
And that's why this press release is so carefully constructed around how a dog got on the patio.
Wow yeah, that's like a footnote to an afterthought. I'd love to be a time traveller who gets to show that author the average $/sqft in Hoboken in 2016.
I thought you only cared if he was an undocumented alien.
80% is functionally equivalent to "mainly". There's been no deceptive redirection of funds as lots of ppl here are suggesting.
How much money did the cigarette tax raise? How much was the school district short by? Is it possible for a new tax to be insufficient? You need to answer these questions for your criticism to be valid.
Okay, so you linked to a reddit comment where someone misunderstood what was going on? **There's nothing in there about a tax being levied on milk or water.** It's OP misunderstanding that rite aid's distributor raised their prices on milk.
What? 80% is for pre-k.
&gt; in two years when the funds are fully diverted That's just the point - no funds were diverted. At all. The same article you linked said the Pre-K plans were fully funded; the additional expenditures are from additional funding. As a matter of policy you can disagree with this part of the bill, but (unlike the PPA or the state) they're not shortchanging the schools. Predicting that they will is just speculation. &gt; Two different comment threads I figure, why not consolidate? It's not like anyone else is reading this.
Don't you understand, this means the tax is working! The liberal utopia is dawning!
Not soda.
&gt; If they steal from someone to pay for, or commit some violent crime because of, their habit, they definitely belong in jail. Yes. I agree. &gt; I don't care if anyone gets rehabbed or not And that's why you're part of the problem. Your intransigence (along with everyone else's) leads to policy intransigence. Addiction goes unaddressed and causes more suffering, more quality of life problems, and more crime.
Link works, but now the URL isn't funny. CURSE THIS WRETCHED EXISTENCE.
... are they really cheaper in NJ? I don't smoke, I'm actually asking.
Not true; bill was promoted with both the parks/rec funding &amp; the pre-k funding. Again, see the article. Also, you didn't specify which "random crap" you'd like to see cut.
I'm shocked that an anti-democratic regressive internet troll such as yourself is opposed to policies that would save taxpayer money. Actually, I'm not. But I am stealing your idea for flair.
I would be totally fine if that's how the actual white supremacists felt.
Yes. It's the only thing that matters.
As a former New Jerseyan, this embarasses me. We're supposed to be the *no fun state* ^TM
The other answer is better, but if we're being serious about this, you could retrofit an actual (downward facing) light fixture onto the existing poles. N. Broad would be better served by other investments, but I'm trying to be imaginative here.
&gt; This is the type of behavior that sparks people like Dylann Roof to propagate No it's not. Don't reduce racist ideologies to a tit-for-tat with opposite-but-equivalent racist ideologies. That's giving into the same race-war narrative these worthless fucks want you to. Hateful people are motivated by hate, whether they're racist against whites or blacks, hate disabled people, or are just misanthropes. The vast majority of people don't hate most other people.
"You're wrong." -[The Facts](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trust-us-politicians-keep-most-of-their-promises/)
They will 'reorganize'-away offices with inconvenient mission areas (like climate), either by laying off staff or (more likely) by distributing then among unrelated offices and hoping they quit. The exodus is already in motion.
**Education** Something something too little tax revenue...
About universal pre-k? I sure do! About the cost of 50g of flavored corn syrup? Not a whit.
Have you ever made a claim?
So, your point is what? That the city won't provide universal pre-k and upgrades to parks?
Why do you keep mentioning car insurance? It'll be cheaper than your mortgage, too; so what? Is it worth not shoveling your sidewalk?
Wait, are you arguing that almond milk is not a luxury good? Almond milk consumption almost certainly increases with income.
Show me where anyone from the mayor's office ever said 100% of funding would go to pre-k. Link or gtfo.
Where does it 'disappear' to?
I don't see Kenney making a lot of excuses. He and Nutter didn't get along, but they've both been hugely effective mayors. Fixing Philly schools is the holy grail, though. You're taking about a problem that will require new state legislation to solve, in a state where republicans hold a veto-proof majority in the legislature. I think we're closer than ever, but to be frank 'getting angry' is only half the solution. You need a plan that builds consensus.
No, burgers (from the German *burghers,* or folk of the burgh [urban middle class]) did not cross the channel to the UK until the German house of Windsor (formerly Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) assumed the British regency in 1901. Adam Smith would have only known roast beef sandwiches.
So your prediction is that in three years the city will stop providing pre-k because it will have lost all the money in legal judgements?
Cynicism isn't a response. Evidence or gtfo. And if you link something, make sure you read it first.
None. Like I've been saying, it was about revenue. Kenney said it was about revenue, the whole time. Council passed it because it raised revenue for pre-k and park improvements, and now we're getting Pre-K and park improvements (plus some additional odds and ends outlined in the philly.com article).
&gt; and while they are adding new services they will continue to moan about how underfunded the existing school system is, guarantee it. ...somehow I doubt you'd prefer a policy that handed over soda tax revenue to the SRC. Either way, [philly spends less per student than the state average](http://crossroads.newsworks.org/index.php/local/keystone-crossroads/81019-multiple-choices-how-much-does-pennsylvania-spend-on-public-schools-and-how-are-costs-shared), and [much less than comparable cities across the country](http://www.philly.com/philly/education/20150116_Phila__district_spends_less_per_pupil_than_most_other_cities.html). By any metric, **the phila school district is underfunded**. But that's not really the point. The point is you want to live in "[a town that works](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foU9W7AkKSY)." And that's your choice. Go ahead and leave Philly. But don't be surprised when the people that actually like living in cities make it a pain in the ass to park (by remove parking spots in lieu of bike lanes, and instituting variable rate parking meters).
&gt; "Dude, I'm on Blair and some other street... my car is fucked..." Words to live by. Also, sound on a security camera. Ballsy.
Wonderful. The mustaches alone are an American treasure.
&gt; they are spending more than they have apparently The city's budget is balanced. Are you referring to the school district? Because that's an entirely different entity outside of city control. &gt; even if right now it costs a little more on the dollar to collect these taxes it will make people more likely to actually pay them. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. A lot of the delinquencies are really old tax bills owed by people/companies who could never pay without going bankrupt. Maybe we would spend a lot of money fighting for pennies on the dollar. &gt; they dont deserve to be able to afford luxury items like soda or cigarettes anyway If you're on medicaid, damn right I care if you get lung cancer or diabetes. Somehow I doubt you disagree.
Fun fact: a 1.5 cent/oz tax is equivalent to prohibition. Now that we're done with silly hyperbole, [people who consume 1-2 servings of sugary drinks per day have a 26% greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20693348).
You're right. When [11.5%](https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/atlas/countydata/atlas.html) of the population has diabetes, it isn't an epidemic. Nobody dies from this, nobody suffers. It's all a Soros-funded liberal plot to get back at soda companies for supporting ALEC. Great job, winning rhetoric.
Oh okay. But how do we make the schools great again? Cut taxes more?
Agreed. That's why I love that PPD is being responsive and launched a new mandatory training to avoid these types of shootings in the future.
...I'm cheered by the idea that there will soon be no living memories of atomic explosions.
Homicide is ~~up~~ down, violent crime overall is down Edit: [linked to an article from September, when YTD homicide was up](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20160919_Why_is_Philly_s_homicide_rate_going_up_.html). My bad, I was at the dog park and my fingers were cold, so I was in a hurry. 2016 homicides were slightly down from 2015: [277 vs. 280](https://www.phillypolice.com/crime-maps-stats/).
You're right, is appalling that some people face such oppressive violent crime in their communities. Perhaps we should try to break the cycle of poverty.
That's not true; among poor households, *per-capita* violent crime is basically the same: &gt; Regardless of whether households were in urban, suburban, or rural areas, persons in poor households had the highest rates of violence (figure 5). In urban (19.9 per 1,000) and suburban (16.1 per 1,000) areas, persons in high-income households had the lowest rates, while in rural areas, rates were similar for persons in mid- (15.2 per 1,000) and high- (13.3 per 1,000) income households. **Among persons in poor households, the rates of violence were similar in urban (43.9 per 1,000) and rural (38.8 per 1,000) areas.** However, among low-, mid-, and high-income households, rates of violent victimization were higher in urban areas than in rural areas. NB: in this report, there are four income brackets: Poor, Low, Mid, High. [Household Poverty and Nonfatal Violent Victimization, 2008–2012](https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/hpnvv0812.pdf)
Thanks, fixed.
I think there's a bit of a volume problem there. There are so many delinquent buildings that collecting and selling all of them at once would crash the property market. I think this goes to a larger point that there's a reason -- besides incompetence -- for all the uncollected taxes.
28 years young. There goes my week...
And the former Enron trader as "the good guy"
&gt;They pick who they let in. Not blind quotas. That's a very recent change, and the vast majority of immigrants pre-date it. It's implausible to assert that a law that took effect in 2014 affects the behavior of people who immigrated before it was passed.
Those are snow guns, you can tell by the downward tilt. You're not actually supposed to fire them, you just use them to intimidate snow and black ice out of your path.
Plenty of protein, tho
Listen, there's no need for projection, we all know you have a hard-on for deporting your neighbors who haven't committed any crimes. Why don't you just come out and admit that you have a problem with brown people? Why else are you so obsessed with destroying the lives of people who haven't done anything to you?
You're the one who's all about religious tests to even enter the country bud.
So why do you want to destroy the lives of so many thousands of your neighbors who've done nothing wrong to you? Why can't you answer a simple question?
/u/phillypede and I have been over this, and they've conceded I'm correct. About half of the approximately 12 million *undocumented* aliens in this country entered illegally, committing a criminal offense. These people are criminals, and /u/phillypede would like them to be summarily deported. But the other half of the undocumented aliens entered legally, but then overstayed their visa. Importantly, that isn't a crime, it's a civil violation (like getting a traffic ticket). Interestingly, despite not having committed a crime, /u/phillypede would also like these people deported. However, most cruelly, /u/phillypede wants to deport people who were brought here as children, and either illegally entered or overstayed their visa due to no fault of their own. These people frequently have no family or cultural ties to their 'home' countries. But /u/phillypede would like to tear them away from their communities, families, and even children by summarily deporting them. I've surmised that since /u/phillypede wants them gone *so bad,* they should be able to explain why. However, they have not.
&gt; Did you go on this passionately about "destroying lives" for Obama's record number of deportations Yes. I wrote my congressperson. But don't deflect: what do you have against undocumented aliens besides your apparent contempt for their foreignness?
Sends kids to foster care, "Not my fault, blame the parents." Despite the fact that their parents were stable beforehand. You can call me a bleeding heart all you want, but you're unabashedly advocating for the destruction families, based on a 'principled adherence to the law.' By all historical standards, you're an unkind, ungenerous, cruel-hearted person. You're not even addressing the fact that over 2/3rds of the 1.5 million kids are *now adults,* with lives, communities, families, and careers.
That's bullshit, they're against the enforcement of drug laws, but somehow the presence of 12m people who aren't hurting them is worth the massive effort and human suffering to resolve? Just because they overstayed a visa?
You're changing the subject. Your **entire stated reason** for supporting summary mass deportations of undocumented aliens is "they are here unlawfully, for which deportation is the penalty." You said they "shouldn't be here" because the law says so. You even said if the law were to change, you'd be fine with it. So the law is the law is the law. I get it. Despite the fact that 42,000 teenagers in arizona have made a stupid choice in the last 30 days, the fact remains they have. It is a proven fact that teenagers do stupid things. But by your logic, Arizona should spend billions of dollars (similar to what mass deportations will cost, adjusted for population) to jail teenagers for smoking pot. This is on it's face absurd. **Or, you have other reasons for supporting mass deportations which you haven't yet admitted.** Don't try to mamby-pamby out of this one. Which is it?
Sometimes I can't help but feel that our local CBS affiliate doesn't take the dawning era of internet prostitution market journalism very seriously.
I'm not asking you to lose sleep over it. I'm using the sheer absurdity of it to highlight your inconsistency. It would be a monumentally stupid waste of money and time to arrest and jail 42,000 Arizona teenagers; everyone gets this. My question is, are you stubbornly in support of this obnoxiously absurd but philosophically-consistent policy proposal? Or do you not really believe "all laws must be blindly followed to the letter?"
&gt; At least you admit it's an absurd example to try to draw a parallel between mj possession and illegal immigration As a matter of policy? Yes. As a matter of principle, **no**. Don't play dense, you understand the difference: you're claiming a rigidly principled response to one policy problem (immigration), while having a completely noncommittal and pragmatic response to another policy problem (MJ). You are selectively and uniquely obsessed with 'enforcing the law for the law's sake' on immigration. Your 'principle' is bunk. **Why are you really so into mass deportation?** /u/jawn_valjorts called you out for being racist. I don't necessarily think that's fair, but given your selective interest in harming immigrant families (especially Mexicans), alongside your posting history of expressing glee at the suffering of immigrants, you certainly look and sound like a xenophobe. What can you really say in your defense? **Why are you so obsessed with mass deportations?**
David Gambacorta shows up here from time to time.
Not Philly astronauts.
Wait, did you mean to reply to me? If so, I'll concede that's fucked up, and anyone that could chant for death is as hateful as anyone else. &gt; do you think they are talking about black police officers? Yes? That having been said, is this indicative of "Black Lives Matter"
&lt;sigh&gt; I'll take the downvotes, but... This reaction really saddens me. There's a whole lot of people on the left who don't necessarily agree with Bernie's amendment. There's a whole bunch of people who like Cory Booker. When 2020 rolls around, we should have this debate, and if you don't like Cory, don't vote for him. **But** if we allow every disagreement to become disqualifying, we will lose any chance of halting or reversing the horrible campaign of dismantling the welfare state that this Congress and Trump are about to start enacting. I'm incredibly worried that a divided left is about to hand power to the right wing fit a decade, just as it did in Canada, Australia, and the UK.
Great point -&gt; he's vain but shameless. Perhaps he'll fold under the falling approval numbers and growing chorus of "you're bad at this, you phony!" But perhaps he'll systematically reject it, and recoil into a delusional universe where he's universally loved but only by 'real americans.' Cue increasingly sad and desperate rallies that grow grander and fringier, even as attendance declines. Cue bused-in 'professional' attendees. Cue [justifications of 'revenge' against 'enemies,'](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/Dean-enemies-1.jpg) and [autonomous thuggery against protests to protect the president's honor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_Hat_Riot). I think Trump is constitutionally incapable of processing criticism, but I think you're right that this may be too much for his psyche. Hell, last time he was unquestionably publicly humiliated, it made him run for president...
For greater context, a lot of criticism of the ESA resulted from the controversey about the potential (and eventual non-) listing of the [Sage Grouse](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2015/09/22/fewer-than-500000-sage-grouse-are-left-the-obama-administration-says-they-dont-merit-federal-protection/?utm_term=.cf200c168c23).
Well, first, yes, because it was a symbolic vote. None of the amendments in the vote-arama actually meant anything, they are designed to get members from the opposing party to vote against issues that they can later be attacked on. The senate was not actually considering legislation that had a snowball's chance in hell of going anywhere, this was just the Democrats teeing up campaign issues for the next go-around. Equating Cory Booker's defensive vote on a meaningless measure designed to get Senators in vulnerable places for the 2018 elections to someone like Ben Nelson who actually prevented progress (via the Public Option in 2009) is so shortsighted as to be missing the point: Cory Booker did not oppose actual progress.
Jesus, dude.
This really blows my mind. The broken pre-obamacare situation was so much worse than Obamacare... And it had been terrible for decades without the 'inevitable change.' I don't even know what to say. People with insurance would hit lifetime maximums and get dumped halfway through Chemo. People who had been responsibly insured for years would get cancer and then insurance investigators would find some minor mistake on their original application to dump them high and dry. 7 million people got medicaid. Why is this preferable? Just to prove a point?
Yeah, I agree. I don't mean to argue we shouldn't try for it; I just hope that we can avoid calling Cuomo a traitor if we don't get a perfect replica of a European UHC system.
&gt; censorship Word that get's thrown around on reddit a lot. I'm just curious: do you think it's *censorship* to delete any of the following: * A comment that uses obvious ethnic slurs (e.g., the N-word) * A comment that, without slurs, expresses a racist sentiment (e.g., "people of X race are inferior at Y and are all to blame for Z") * A comment that without expressing explicit racist sentiment, suggests or implies racist sentiment (e.g., on a story about a violent crime, "I wonder what *demographic* the perpetrators are...?) * A comment that neither contains nor implies racist sentiments, but links to an outside source known for racist content (obviously arguable, depending on the source, but e.g., stormfront, breitbart, etc.) * A comment that contains threats or wishes of death or violence to another redditor (e.g., "I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target...") * A comment that contains threats or wishes of violence to the subject of discussion, but not a redditor (e.g., "those animals deserve to fry for this...") * A comment that does not contain threats or wishes of violence, but is generally uncivil (e.g., "What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?") * A comment which is not uncivil, but raises arguments external to the stated purpose of the sub (e.g., in /r/climate, 'asking' what evidence exists for long-term warming) * A comment which is not uncivil, not threatening, not racist, but just low-effort (e.g., on an article about Donald Trump's proposal for a new wall, "never go full retard...") I think that about covers the range of possible reasons, but let me know if you think I've missed some. I'm honestly curious what you think, because I think reasonable people could call all or none of those deletions "censorship."
That's a much broader claim than I'm trying to deal with - did they ban them because spam? How many were banned? Since a broad spectrum of stories touched on wikileaks in varying degrees, obviously all weren't banned; what was the rule? That's why I'm not asking about posts, I'm asking about comments.
I hear you on all points. I'm just saying I know at least two older couples off the top of my head that would move to a state with a meaningful UHC program. Hear me out: the cost-benefit tradeoff of insurance is that most people pay more money in than they ever get out from it, while some people pay in a whole lot less than they end up getting out. If you have the bum luck to get a shitty cancer with a lifetime treatment cost in the millions, and you don't have health insurance through your retail job, moving to a state with UHC is a pretty straightforward decision. Yeah, there are trade-offs (having to leave your current community/job), but when people are facing medical bankruptcy, those things tend to take a back seat. I'm not saying it can't be solved, I just haven't heard a compelling solution.
&gt; It's literally her job to unabashedly lie That's manifestly not true. The job of WH spokesperson should be to distract, divert, and give non-answer answers. And she's good at those things, too. There's a proud tradition of all of these in american politics, and all WH spokespeople do it. But lying is right out. Also, she's not WH spokesperson, she's "counselor to the President," so she's more like a Karl Rove, Valerie ~~Plame~~ Jarrett, or David Axelrod - she needs to be much more careful with anything she says, since it's assumed this is what the administration thinks (as opposed to WH spokesperson, who is usually easily dismissed). Edit: got Plame on the brain
Nice dishonest rhetorical tactics you've got there.
Totally agree. But it's doable. The major barrier is that when five people go out to the main corner in their town and hold up signs in front of their neighbors driving by, it feels ridiculous. When it's 50 people, it feels amazing. But we need the five at first.
&gt; because you are forcing more cars to pass you. This is something that I evaluate on every single block. I don't love being passed by cars in tight spaces, and *believe me* I'm trying to avoid it. I have to account for the distance to the next light, the light timing, and where I think cars in the line may be heading etc. Sure, sometimes I get it wrong and get passed by like 10 cars, but that's a mistake not intentional. Rolling to the front of the line allows me to do a few things, first of which is to be seen by every single person in the line. True, you might miss me, but you certainly won't notice me if I'm two cars back. Second, however, is one you may not be aware of. If I don't roll to the front of the line, and sit, mid-block at the back of the line, I'm going to get passed by the cars behind the last light. So sure, maybe I avoid getting passed by cars ahead of me, but I'm also gonna get passed by a bunch of cars coming from behind.
For sure it is being archived. The value of the site is both the content and the context. If you google climate change, EPA's site is #3 (right after NASA....). Lots of people use EPA's content because it's 'official.' There are other sources for this information, but people (and businesses) are less trusting of private or academic info.
Also the first president ever to claim climate change is a chinese hoax before being elected. Also the first president ever pay civil fraud penalties before being elected. **Not** the first president ever to blame his persecution on race, however. He's in a proud American tradition there. &gt; more universal issues than their identity politics Yeah, like "get the Mexicans out of here!"
How about not unnecessarily (and possibly illegally) withholding funds just to make a political point? If they want PPD to arrest undocumented aliens, they should pass a law to make them do it.
Man, that's not what you said. You said Kenney didn't consult PPD. But you were wrong. Just admit it. &gt; Focus on the words I write so your comebacks are on topic.
&gt; Illegal immigrants are BREAKING THE LAW being here. no ifs ands or buts Shouting doesn't make it true. Approximately half of undocumented aliens haven't committed any crimes, since they did not enter the country illegally. "Illegal immigrants" only means those that entered illegally (i.e., crossed the border without permission).
&gt; corporations Like the [Corrections Corporation of America?](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/03/your-money/trumps-win-gives-stocks-in-private-prison-companies-a-reprieve.html)
It's a consensus of people who don't actually understand what Trump and Kenney are talking about.
Dude, if you bothered to learn from people who know more than you, you might stop being wrong all the time.
Yeah, I'm not 100% on the history of S.Com, when did Obama change directions?
Nobody's saying they shouldn't ID the drivers. What I'm saying (and Kenney, and PPD, and [all these police commissioners](http://immigrationforum.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/7_6_2016-LEITF-Letter-to-Senate.pdf), too) is that if the parties didn't commit an arrestable offense, they shouldn't be detained *exclusively* for immigration status. Some people are trying to argue that PPD is letting rapists go because they can't ID them. But that's horseshit. If you commit an arrestable offense, you get arrested.
This is the most polite, constructive, and helpful thread I've seen on the sub today, and it's about sexuality/gender terminology. Kudos!
Access to the arts is a stand-in for culture. And this is a legitimate taste difference between people. The number one reason I'd never raise my kids in any of those places is the absolute cultural depravity. Variety is the spice of life, and those places are Stouffer's Mac and Cheese Cassarole. My parents, however, *love* places like that.
That's philadelphia's official motto: *Lactuverunt Baltimorum*
Yeah, I missed bothering you.
Oh, of the Kensington tribe, right.
&gt; What would actually lighten the load is illegal immigrants not being here in the first place, Of course, it would be much easier if everyone left. Then you could sit on your little throne and wave your wand as much as you want.
I think the eugenics things is more than enough of a give-away. But if you really want to browse their comment history, just remember to bring a hazmat suit.
Oh I know. But nazis &lt; assholes.
But you know hold requests aren't the same things as warrants, right? ICE puts out hold requests simply for initiating an investigation into a person's immigration status. ICE doesn't need a judge to sign off on it, or even probable cause. They're issued by ICE officers. The Trump people would like you to think that this is the same thing as a *criminal detainer,* which is issued if an undocumented alien has pending criminal charges. **Edit:** PPD responds to criminal detainers, AFAIK
Considering the scale of other violations discussed in this sub, these seem pretty minimal. Risk factors, for sure, but not really a big deal.
Of all the campaign promises he's gleefully broken, why couldn't this be one?
Not gonna lie, Kenney's making a mistake here. For a person as narcissistic and insecure as Trump, I'd really rather Kenney go kiss the ring. Make your principled stands on points of policy, not personality.
Feeling's mutual, friend. What else would I do afternoons at work if I didn't have you guys?
Yes, I read it. I also read the peer-reviewed study refuting the argument (the full-text of which can be found [here](http://sci-hub.io/10.1016/j.electstud.2015.07.002), via sci-hub). &gt;We begin with an example. Suppose a survey question is asked of 20,000 respondents, and that, of these persons, 19,500 have a given characteristic (e.g., are citizens) and 500 do not. Suppose that 99.9 percent of the time the survey question identifies correctly whether people have a given characteristic, and 0.1 percent of the time respondents who have a given characteristic incorrectly state that they do not have that characteristic. (That is, they check the wrong box by mistake.) That means, 99.9 percent of the time the question correctly classifies an individual as having a characteristic e such as being a citizen of the United States -- and 0.1 percent of the time it classifies someone as not having a characteristic, when in fact they do. This rate of misclassification or measurement error is extremely low and would be tolerated by any survey researcher. It implies, however, that one expects 19 people out of 20,000 to be incorrectly classified as not having a given characteristic, when in fact they do. Normally, this is not a problem. In the typical survey of 1000-2000 persons, such a low level of measurement error would have no detectable effect on the sample. Even in very large sample surveys, survey practitioners expect a very low level of measurement error would have effects that wash out between two categories. The non-citizen voting example highlights a potential pitfall with very large databases in the study of low frequency categories. Continuing with the example of citizenship and voting, the problem is that the citizen group is very large compared to the noncitizen group in the survey. So even if the classification is extremely reliable, a small classification error rate will cause the bigger category to influence analysis of the low frequency category is substantial ways. Misclassification of 0.1 percent of 19,500 respondents leads us to expect that 19 respondents who are citizens will be classified as non-citizens and 1 non-citizen will be classified as a citizen. (This is a statistical expectation -- the actual numbers will vary slightly.) The one non-citizen classified as a citizen will have trivial effects on any analyses of the overall pool of people categorized as citizens, as that individual will be 1 of 19,481 respondents. However, the 19 citizens incorrectly classified as non-citizens can have significant effects on analyses, as they are 3.7 percent (19 of 519) of respondents who said they are non-citizens.
? I'm a bit confounded by your legal reasoning. Federal law is enforced by federal agents, *that's* why feds can arrest you for growing possession. The federal government can't "tell" anyone to do anything without statutory authority. There is no statute authorizing any federal agency to "tell" local law enforcement to detain people for immigration holds. If there were, it would be unconstitutional. What happens now is that ICE issues a request to local law enforcement, and in PPD's case, they ignore it. A challenge to an immigration detainer hasn't made it to SCOTUS yet, but it's dubious that local law enforcement would prevail.
That's a really interesting legal theory, but you're right - it would be very difficult to prove. In the case of visitors from non-[Visa Waiver Program](https://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/visit/visa-waiver-program.html) countries, it would probably be impossible to prove, since the visa application process requires the applicant to provide a ton of proof that they *do not* intend to overstay.
Fair nuff. Spring for the extra sides; always worth it.
I'm not sure what your point was. Just responding in kind.
I still don't understand your point. What does your dad have anything to do with the fact that we're a nation of immigrants?
Fucking Christ, more than half the GOP caucus was around when they were trying to pass a DOMA amendment. The GOP has made an industry out of gay bashing for decades and all that disappears because a narcissistic man child conned his way into your party and held up a rainbow flag once? Your head's farther up your ass than usual on this one.
Right. That's why he's saying "health insurance for all!" While price is devising ways to reverse coverage expansion... The thing is, you don't believe that, and I know you don't. You're full of shit, saying whatever makes yer boi look good.
Improper entry =/= illegal presence. Approximately 50% of undocumented aliens entered the country legally on a visa. This is why the term "illegal immigrants" is a misnomer, it only describes the roughly half of undocumented aliens who entered the country illegally.
Why would you only want to target illegal entrants instead of all undocumented aliens? That policy makes no sense at all.
You're all over the place. You're against mass deportation, but you're also against immigration reforms that would allow undocumented aliens to get right with the law? You think the way it is now is just peachy? &gt; But if they are actually going to focus on deporting criminals that are caught like Trump says This is literally [Obama's policy](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-immigration-criminals-20161114-story.html): &gt; The Obama administration set a priority in his second term of deporting migrants with criminal convictions, and it has expelled 530,000 convicted criminals since 2013. Since taking office in 2009, Obama has expelled 2.5 million people, more than any other president. This is what happens now; if you commit a crime, you're deported.
You know that's [what we do already](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-immigration-criminals-20161114-story.html), right? &gt; The Obama administration set a priority in his second term of deporting migrants with criminal convictions, and it has expelled 530,000 convicted criminals since 2013. Since taking office in 2009, Obama has expelled 2.5 million people, more than any other president. I don't know if you're just not reading carefully, or what, but you just said you want to focus on deporting **half** of the 10-15 million undocumented aliens in the country, based on how they got here - not based on them having committed another crime. Your policy is that if police run warrant check on someone and find that they overstayed a visa, they should do nothing. But if they find that they entered illegally, they should arrest them and hand them over to ICE.
You also don't need *everyone* wearing one. As long as a large enough portion of the crowd wears it, you can distinguish which crowd you're looking at. Lab coats also make great canvasses for signs.
Here's a good history: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Marriage_Amendment#Influence_on_2004_presidential_election Democrats in the NE (and CA) supported SSM, while democrats in other places opposed it. Bush pushed the issue to the forefront to try to create a wedge between liberal dems and moderate dems.
THE PEOPLE UNITED/CANNOT BE DIVIDED!
It's a GOP retreat.
The point of this column is that if Ochoa had been deported after he was arrested and released, he wouldn't have been able to commit this crime. But it ignores the fact that last time he was arrested, he wasn't charged. Byofsky goes to lengths to obscure the facts in this case, but police only release you if they decide you aren't the one they want. So yeah, if the police could have predicted that this guy would later rape a kid, maybe they should have handed him over to ICE for deportation. But that's like saying that anyone who is ever arrested should be jailed *just in case.* What Byofsky is asking for here is essentially that there be no justice system for undocumented aliens. You can see why PPD is opposed to this idea, right? Does PPD's position at least make sense to you?
You mean like, say "Okay, we're not going to do sanctuary city stuff anymore," but then 'unofficially' refuse to respond to detainer requests?
Yeah, republicans are assholes. For that, and a whole lot else.
Yes and no. That partly solves the problem (the part about PPD wasting man hours chasing after regular people who haven't done anything). But it leaves the part about how undocumented aliens will never want to talk to police. I just finished a book called "Ghettoside" about the role of detectives in preventing crime. People usually think of detectives as 'responding' rather than 'preventing' crime. But since so many violent criminals are repeat offenders, it turns out locking up the folks who are wont to commit murder is a really effective way at preventing murders. My fear (and PPD's biggest fear) is that we get a repeat of what happened during the Secure Communities program, where victims or witnesses wouldn't talk to police out of fear that a simple warrant check (which cops do to everyone they meet) would get them detained and deported. One additional thing to be aware of is that ICE detainers come in different flavors. The most common kind is a 'hold request' which is issued by an ICE agent and doesn't require probable cause or a sign-off from a judge. ICE can also issue warrants and criminal detainers, which PPD responds to.
Unless you're being ticketed or arrested, officers already use their discretion as to whether or not to check, and they *nearly always* do it. I don't think it makes sense to give an officer discretion to respond to a hit, though (either for a warrant or for an ICE hold request). That's how you end up with things like cops abusing their authority. Moreover, every police officer is different, and this is a highly political issue. My concern would be that - if empowered to do so -there would be one or two cops who always detain aliens with immigration holds. Even if it's rare, that could still have the same shut-down effect that I'm worried abut.
Like, if I were Kenney? Or if I were in the administration?
Oh man, I would kiss up to Trump so hard. I'd tell him he has some really good ideas, and Mr. Trump I agree, we've got a real crime problem, and Mr. Trump you were so right to point it out, but also Mr. Trump our schools are super underfunded, and Mr. Trump here's why we don't want to respond to immigration detainers, and also Mr. Trump, what if we come up with a way of not responding to immigration detainers, but also saying you were right the whole time, Mr. Trump. I think it sucks that Philly is getting picked on as one of his #1 issues. I mostly blame Toomey for that, but it sucks either way. But I don't think $10 million in federal aid is worth the additional crime that we'd get from going back to S.Comm.
&gt; crazy right wing people screaming Obama fema death camps Yeah, but their methods worked...
Holy shit, if these trends continue, you might not have a single upvoted post all year!
Participating in the world's largest coordinated demonstration will do that to you.
Meh, the revenue is secondary to the economic impact. I'd rather the city do whatever's optimal to develop neighborhoods rather than maximize one-time revenues. Not saying I think Clarke's right, I just don't think *sell, sell, sell* is *always* the correct answer.
&gt; any economic impact Possibly, or it could negatively impact sales prices.
That's the intellectually lazy way out.
Land is a finite resource, so the optimal path is actually already solved, assuming efficient markets: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotelling's_rule Granted, Hotelling never really works out in real life because of imperfect information and transaction costs.
And federal restrictions on tracking gun sales prevent even the most basic investigations. If we had a registry (like for cars, like for drones, like for any other marginally dangerous thing), you could simply look up who was supposed to have the murder weapon, and find out whether it was stolen or illegally sold.
I'm with you on no-knock warrants, but that needs to be addressed across the board. I feel like that's something we need a federal policy on, because some departments are going nuts. I'm not going to lie, I think the need for a national gun registry is urgent. It is absolutely insane that people have made careers out of reselling guns to convicted criminals, but they have. The *Washington Post* did [an investigation](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/10/23/AR2010102302994.html) a few years ago that found that a tiny number of gun shops in MD and VA were the source for the majority of guns used in crimes. One shop in MD (Realco) was the source for 2500 illegally-possessed guns, including 86 used in homicides. The shop was complying with all the laws it had to, but the cops weren't able to trace the straw purchasers. That's fucked up.
&gt; A dumb fuck. Chill, dude.
&gt; Bitch Chill, dude, it's a beautiful morning. We're just having polite conversation here.
Now going back to your point about the soda tax, Kenney was clear the whole time that the point was to raise revenue for pre-K and his parks initiative. It's just a tax to provide services. A lot of public health people also supported it, too, because it gets more people to drink water. But these are separate issues. Kenney wanted the Pre-K.
The article yesterday said no water leaks were reported in the area, but that was early reports.
Registries lead to registration, confiscation leads to confiscation. Given *Heller* it would require a constitutional amendment to actually take people's guns. Shrill right-wing hyperbole aside, a registry would go a long ways towards solving the problems that *most* people have with guns.
&gt; 'Towing is my dream job,' says Lew Blum, ~~owner of Lew Blum Towing~~ petty thief
So your argument is that some (maybe you?) may be offended that I asked Neckbeard not to call the mayor a dumb fuck because that's how some people talk? I guess my argument is, I disagree that the value of your proposed benefits of inclusivity outweigh the value of the norms I'm reinforcing. &gt; potatoes Referring to the concept that seeking to affect another person's behavior is necessarily wrong. That's the essence of discussion: Neckbeard and I were both pursuing opposing ends.
Just a starting point: a registry and a database of sales are different things. I support a registry that has to be actively maintained, like with your car. Other people probably support other things, but that's what I mean when I say registry. &gt;There are still paper records of those gun sales Problem is, when you've got 300+ million guns in the country, and a total staff of ~5000 (the majority of whom are not data agents and aren't located at HQ), you're not actually going to ever be able to reasonably search those records. There's a point along the slope of declining functionality where you go from having a database to not having a database. &gt; Also, lets not forget that gun stores tried to report obvious straw purchases to Eric Holder's DoJ and they were told to allow the sales to go through Haven't heard of that. Link? Could similarly be a staffing issue like with FBI investigations after 9/11.
&gt; More police doesn't make streets safer More detectives make streets safer, tho.
That's a super confusing table, the labelling is totally inconsistent. *I think* it means that 50% of respondents are concerned about having their guns taken away. But that's different from the logical statement that I called fringe, "if we create an effective registry, then it will inevitably be used to take away all our guns." I think people can be concerned about having their guns taken away without believing the above statement.
&gt; Yes, but then a state can decide to ban. And then go door-to-door and confiscate. The registry sets up for that very situation. **In CT, they grandfathered in weapons that were already owned.** The confiscation letters were for people who refused to comply with the law's registration requirement. Literally breaking the law. You keep trying to tie two separate policies together, and it's disingenous of you. &gt; Then we could trust that bans and confiscations couldn't happen. It's true, there is. It would be unconstitutional to ban things people already have. That's why **this has never happened, and never will** without a constitutional amendment.
Oh shit, they onto you.
Heller says that the 2nd amendment gives a personal right to own guns. It does not exclusively apply to handguns, it simply said that handguns count as "arms." The same protections apply to shotguns and rifles. States still have the capacity to regulate arms so long as they're not prohibited. Without a constitutional amendment, the *most* dystopian you'll ever get as far as the 2nd amendment is concerned is regulations that limit size, power, capacity, etc. **They cannot take your guns.** &gt; Your policy isn't going to make these illegal sales go away or even provide incentive against them There are a small number of straw purchasers who resell a large number of illicit guns to people who use them to commit crimes. The absolute fastest and most efficient way to stop this pipeline is to stop gun runners. A registry will immediately make gun running nearly impossible.
This is really great! But where do I comment "Woody's!"?
I think you're completely right about this, I think he does care. But not enough to actually come out and say what he thinks is right - that Obamacare works, and can be improved with tweaks. He may care about his constituents, but he cares more about his party.
Sure, but- better than blocking the only lane of traffic, which is what everyone else does when they're making 'a quick stop.'
Meeting again tomorrow at 2PM to protest Trump's unnecessary, ineffective, and bigoted ban on refugees and immigrants (including green card holders!) from Muslim-majority countries.
The thing to understand about Trump's policy is that it targets the people least likely to be radicalized - people trying to get out of the middle East who desperately want the freedoms offered by America Although fear of terrorism is way overblown (quit smoking!), the number one terrorism threat in the US is domestic radicalization (including radical ideologies of all stripes). 2nd to that are radicals from European countries with Visa Waiver Program access. This shit is stupid, on top of racist and cruel.
Hey, do you know when I get paid? I'm still waiting on those sweet Soros bucks...
1) [They do](http://www.opensourceinvestigations.com/syria/gulf-states-response-to-syrian-refugee-crisis-a-myth-debunked/). Lots more than the U.S. 2) People are in need, the U.S. has more capacity for refugees than any other country. 3) Why shouldn't we help? &gt;so called refugees 4) [Get educated](https://www.state.gov/j/prm/releases/factsheets/2017/266447.htm).
Neither do refugees?
I think the idea is that medical weed would be a substitute to synthetic opiates for chronic pain, one of the main pathways to heroin addiction.
You're not very good at libertarianism.
There were a lot of Jews at the protests, both last night and today. Many had signs about Jews standing against Islamophobia. Directly behind the guy in this picture, there's a whole drumline of kippah-wearing dancing Jews. Why are you asking?
&gt; Some on Council are at odds with the Kenney administration’s proposal, which would funnel much of the money through two nonprofit partners. Those members want the money spent in-house through the city’s procurement and capital program offices. Kenney's position: &gt;City officials said the nonprofits would have to apply to the city and the Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, a quasi-governmental agency that would issue the bonds, to work on individual sites. Applications would include a proposed budget, schedule, and contractors, and if approved the nonprofits would be tasked with hiring for and overseeing that work. &gt; David Gould, Rebuild’s deputy director of community engagement and communications, said the approach will make Rebuild more effective and efficient. He said the city’s procurement process can be slow. That system also requires jobs to go the lowest bidder, which would not give the city the flexibility it would like to hit diversity goals, he said. Lastly, he said the nonprofits have a proven track record on fund-raising and will be good partners in that area. vs. Clarke's: &gt; In a memo to his Council colleagues last month, he called it “needlessly risky and maybe even irresponsible” to “entrust so much money and property to private nonprofits.” In an interview, he said he does not understand why the administration picked the two partners without putting out a request for proposals so others could apply. He said the approach lacked transparency. &gt; He also raised concerns about partnering with the Fairmount Park Conservancy. Clarke, an ex-officio member of the conservancy’s board, said the group does not have a record of working on projects of this scale or of embracing diversity in its own hiring. Either way, it's fascinating that Clarke is on the board of Fairmont Park Conservancy, but would rather have the leverage himself.
&gt; fat cheeto Well, at least we're on the same page as to who to blame. If PA republicans give half a shit about privacy, there are much bigger issues than federal data retention and validation requirements. Like how about warrantless wiretapping and NSA intrusion into our personal data? PA's republicans are mum on those subjects.
I think "get their hands on it" and "control how it's spent" are two very different things, but yes, I think you're right, as long as you're fine with that substitution.
Agreed.
You're absurd, though.
Real ID required states to change a bunch of things about 1) what info they require to issue a DL, 2) the physical characteristics of the DL, and 3) how the retain the DL data. AFAIK, PA has complied fully with 1, and 2, and the remaining steps to comply with 3 are pretty minimal. The main barrier is PA Act 38 of 2012, which bars the Governor from formally submitting a letter of compliance. By standardizing the required proof of identity in order to get a DL (part 1), and making it harder to make a fake DL (part 2), the federal government is seeking to make it harder to make a fake ID ([which is in response to the fake IDs used by the 9/11 hijackers](http://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/04/nyregion/threats-responses-document-fraud-guilty-plea-expected-seller-fake-id-s-9-11.html).)
It's not anticipated if it's a bond.
**Holy shit, is that whole table just fabricated?** I'm legitimately trying to figure out what's up with this table. It's an image without any context. I tried looking up the source, but there is no [SIPP data for 2012](http://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/sipp/data.html)? Was a SIPP survey conducted in 2012? It claims that more than half of "illegal immigrants" enroll in medicaid, despite [explicit federal prohibitions for undocumented aliens](http://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/sipp/data.html). *Maybe* it's counting indigent emergency care expenses that are seperately reimbursed to local hospitals by medicaid? But that's not at all the same as being enrolled in medicaid. Furthermore, it indicates that 22-23% of undocumented families are enrolled in WIC and SNAP, which are both prohibited for undocumented aliens. Finally, it's just an image hosted on cis.org, an anti-immigration website. **What's the origin of this image; where are the citations?**
I Can. I can, indeed.
I meant like an analysis of costs vs. benefits. Not just a list.
All the salt on the sidewalk really got in my way.
With or without child?
Won't argue with you there. If they write any bonds before the soda lobby exhausts its appeals, I think it would be irresponsible.
Woodser's russian propaganda aside, all this liberal kerfuffle about the civilians killed due to *Trump's raid* is a little disingenuous next to Obama's record of drone strikes on the same AQ bases.
http://imgur.com/a/13996
http://www.newyorker.com/cartoons/a20072
The main federal welfare programs for poor people (Food stamps [SNAP]/SSI/assisted housing/WIC/Medicaid) are all [prohibited](https://www.nilc.org/issues/economic-support/overview-immeligfedprograms/) for non-permanent resident aliens, so that includes undocumented aliens, as well as visa holders. Some federal assistance makes it's way to undocumented aliens by subsidizing services that poor immigrants consume. This includes compensation to hospitals for emergency services provided to indigent people (both citizens and immigrants). This is a tiny share of medicaid.
Just to be clear, you mean that there are 15 million victims of identity fraud, not 15 million fraudulent SNAP users. SNAP fraud is primarily a problem of trafficking benefits at a discount (i.e., SNAP enrolees selling their credits to crooked retailers for cash). While SNAP trafficking is a problem, I've never read anything that indicated there was significant identity fraud being used to access benefits. Most "identity theft" on the part of undocumented aliens is used to fake their way through I-9s. However this rarely results in investigations, since they're just contributed wage taxes without ever collecting on the benefits.
For only $200/year, I will provide you with a gold^spray^painted refrigerator box that you can hide in.
True, but I asked about ID fraud for SNAP because my understanding is that they do a lot more work to verify your ID for welfare programs (largely due to the political pressure around people cheating welfare).
Yup.
TBF, he's not really hiding it.
Because there's a cop who's a Nazi who's also a cop. The fact that America has to struggle with the morality of Nazism these days is dumbfounding.
1) you're mom's right about cats. 2) that has nothing to do with policies intended to ensure police can effectively investigate crime.
He's just following the Boehner playbook...
Right, but if Philly complied with ICE's detainer requests, it would mean tons more work - every time a PPD officer interacted with someone, they'd have to run a check for a detainer request. If one came up, they'd have to stop doing what they were doing, detain the person, bring them to jail, do a ton of paper work, and then hand them over to ICE. Every collar a cop makes is like 8 man hours of busy work, spread across the whole department. Half of the reason for being a sanctuary city is to avoid wasting PPD resources (i.e., man hours) on doing ICE's work for them.
How about a link?
&gt; Krasner has never worked as a prosecutor, and has no experience from this other vantage point. Trump has never worked as a prosecutor, and has no experience from this other vantage point. &gt; A political DA can reward their [sic] friends and supporters by dismissing complaints and refusing to investigate and prosecute even criminal behavior under the guise of prosecutorial discretion. This is a great reason to: * Vote for Democrats so we can appoint judges who will overturn Citizens United and get rid of SuperPACs * Amend the PA state constitution to make DAs (and judges) political appointees instead of politicians who have to raise their own campaign funds * Vote for Democrats who support firm limits on campaign contributions This is not a reason to oppose Krasner, especially since George Soros **doesn't live here and has no business interests in Philadelphia.** &gt; Philadelphia’s drug problem is of an epidemic proportion and it may be related to its status as as sanctuary city **This article provides zero evidence to support this claim**, other than saying that Mexican drug traffickers sell drugs. The author implies *without a shred of evidence* that forcing PPD to comply with immigration detainers (i.e., the entirety of the 'sanctuary city' policy), this will somehow stop Mexican drug trafficking organizations. The author also fails to note that the DA has no authority to reverse the Mayor's sanctuary city policy. **TL;DR: This article is a steaming pile of innuendo and bullshit.** I'm fine if you oppose Krasner's policies, but bring evidence and reason to the table or BTFO.
It's almost like a foundational American value!
&gt; Err, I didn't say Krasner had no experience. I was replying to the three core arguments in the article you posted. You don't have to agree with them, but by defending them, you're implying that you do. **Do you agree that lack of experience is categorically disqualifying to political candidates? Yes or no?** &gt; Because you are one of the most vocal progressives So you have a problem with free speech? Yes or no? &gt;You are trying to tell us how our state should be run without knowing that much about it or how the parties shaped the way the state grew. Since I know more about the topics we're arguing about than you do, you're getting pretty far out on that limb. Want proof? Just ask and I'll link you to three times you made factual errors. &gt;his firm specialized in child pornography and solicitation charges. First of all, it's not *the only* specialization of his law firm. Krasner's *personal* specialization is in civil &amp; political rights, which is why McNesby has such a hard-on about beating him in the general. But more importantly, what is the implication of that statement? There are lawyers who specialize in literally every possible criminal area. Answer the question: **are defense attorneys morally responsible for the crimes of their clients?** &gt; Krasner's law firm focused on getting pedophiles off the hook. Sure sounds like you think the answer is 'yes.' &gt;You and other Krasner supporters want to act like every single defense attorney specializes in child solicitation and pornography cases. Provide evidence or BTFO. **You're lying about things I've said before.** &gt; I think it was quite silly that someone with Krasner's background decided to run, knowing damn well it would be used against him the entire way. Without the George Soros' cash donations, he surely would have lost because of it. That's your opinion. *Personally,* I think Krasner was on his way to winning well before the Soros donation. Why? Because the lefties wanted to vote for a 'true-blue' lefty after Trump's election. &gt;The only way to view those pages is through an internet archive. He knew it would hurt his chances. Lol, you're linking to pages that directly contradict your own bullshit arguments. There's like 20 'specializations' in that link, ya doof. Get crackin, you've got some serious internal contradictions to overcome for this next comment. Or you could just keep avoiding all the hard questions.
&gt;You don't want to acknowledge my questions or points, why would I answer every new question you throw at me while you dodge? So, addressing every single one of your questions is dodging them now? We're getting to question-dodging inception! &gt;I'd recommend you spend some time actually living in this state instead of trying to shove your political opinions down everyone else's throats. So you don't think I have the right to voice my political opinions? What about in arenas where you're a neophyte and I actually know things? Like, say, economics? Are you allowed to have opinions about economics, despite having neither professional nor academic training in the subject? &gt; Raising taxes as the de-facto solution is not helping anyone. Literally the laziest response yet.
&gt;Remember when we discussed the highway situation in this state ... Yes, it was in the context of Scott Wagner's claim that the Federal excise tax on trucks is too high. &gt;and you claimed we should just throw more money at the problem? That's one way to characterize my comment &gt; You did not even know or acknowledge the "Highway trust fund" [Lol wut.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrumpPA/comments/6byunn/scott_wagner_on_high_taxes_for_small_business/dhrnyg0/). I'm the one that raised the highway trust fund: &gt;Scott Wagner can say what he wants about the PA sales tax, but the Federal Excise Tax is applied to all big trucks in order to fund the federal highway trust fund. &gt;The tax is actually way too low. ... &gt; and the several articles I handed to you. You didn't link to any articles in that whole thread. It ended when you banned me. Go read it. &gt; That is the thing about you /u/this_shit, if I answer your question you have a different question lined up to replace it. That's called argumentation. But what we're doing here is: you ask a question and I answer it, but then you refuse to accept my response as valid, then you accuse me of not answering it. It's kind of our thing. &gt; If I make any point, regardless of how sensible it is, I'm wrong. Not really my problem, if you base your 'sensible' policy on incorrect facts. Remember how I made the reasoned argument that trucks do exponentially more damage to roads than passenger vehicles, so truck operators should pay much higher taxes into the highway trust fund? Where was your sensible answer to that injustice? &gt;You don't talk to people to try and convince them of anything, you try to force them into voting the way you want them to. You can vote however you want to. Just don't be so obviously wrong on reddit. &gt; then you're gonna have to find someone else. Two threats to quit in the same thread! New badge!
Bear, probably.
His math would seem impressive if you know nothing about China's energy sector. But then again, the internet's greatest climate denialist never claimed to be an expert on energy systems, just widely-debunked theories about how it's impossible to measure climate sensitivity. Yeah, China's INDC is in terms of emissions intensity (per unit GDP). And yes, it doesn't commit them to having lower emission sin 2030 than they did by 2005. And if they manage to keep emissions stable while bringing [250 million out of extreme poverty](http://povertydata.worldbank.org/poverty/country/CHN) and quintupling the size of their economy, that's an incredibly ambitious target. I'm not sure what your point is, but it seems to be informed by fringe climate-denial websites. Maybe try reading the expert analysis from Brookings first?
I mean, I don't think they would do it without major renovations, but from an architectural standpoint, it's a great building.
"I TOTALLY BELIEVE IN CLIMATE CHANGE... but here's a bunch of bullshit climate denier talking points"
&gt; who wins if the climate goes to shit? It's about who loses more. And in this case, Old Man Trump really gave it to those snide, know-it-all yuppies with their graduate degrees, spin classes, and their walkable urban cores.
Yeah but if you get up there, how are you gonna get down? Maybe a rope?
Well, the biggest problem is what CA is trying to deal with now: given the interstate integration of the electric grid, how do we avoid pollution sources moving from 'good' states to 'bad' states, but then seeking they're electricity back to 'good' states. CA and NY have their own grid operators, so they have more flexibility. But PA is part of PJM, which stretches across many states and is therefore under FERCs jurisdiction due to the commerce clause. It's not clear that PA could legally restrict sales of out-of-state power from dirty sources.
That's the problem with diplomacy, generally speaking. But right now, we're the assholes. When it comes to M&amp;V (Monitoring and Verification), there are big challenges with GHG emissions, since they're hard to detect compared to background concentrations. The typical method is to estimate things like fuel consumption or energy production, but china has a tendency to fake those stats. There's a growing field of [satellite-based GHG remote sensing](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014hitr.confE...4B), which is still new, but promising.
According to my calculations, the increase was actually: Error: NaN percent.
The best part of this clout is the firm embrace of Philly politics: &gt;After speaking to Clout on Thursday, Rendell apparently called USA250 chairman Andrew Hohns to offer his resignation. &gt;Hohns then called us to say that Rendell has been “an exceptional asset to the organization,” and that as far as he is aware no board members had concerns about Rendell’s involvement. Hohns asked Rendell to stay on as honorary chairman. Like, "Fuck no we're not getting rid of Rendell, we have to raise a ton of money, you goofballs."
I haven't gotten the final report yet, but I was planning to ask. The vinyl tile is on the 1st floor, stuck directly to the old pine plank subfloor, so if I encapsulate, I'm going to have to do both sides (both the top, and the basement ceiling). But for both cost and aesthetic reasons, I *really* want to expose and finish the old Southern Yellow Pine. If I go the hardwood route, I'm definitely buying from [these guys, and I'm leaning towards the Hickory](http://www.hursthardwoods.com/store/Unfinished-Wood-Flooring/Domestic-Solid/Hickory/2-14-Hickory/). I hate the beveled edge look of pre-finished boards, and I don't mind doing the sanding. Plus, I like the look of the Common #3. Knots are in these days. I keep hearing really good things about the trafficmaster vinyl, but I'm worried that in 10 years it will look like linoleum looks today, if you get my meaning.
Thanks, but I should have clarified, it's over a pine plank subfloor, so anything based on cement would crack up immediately.
How do you get from: &gt;“There are not enough safety resources,” she said. “The principal has to jump in and stop fights, and he can’t protect everybody alone. We just want safe schools.” &gt;Fitler, she said, does not have a full-time school police officer. Having such a person might have calmed the situation before it escalated, Cooper said. To blaming the police?
You replied to the EVIDENCEBASED bot? &gt;You still don't understand, it is a reduction of pollution, it is an increase. It is based on GDP. Increase GDP fast, you can increase pollution fast. I do understand. I understand very well. You're pretending that there is a possible future where China would continue to industrialize without increasing their emissions. Why would they ever agree to that? You're setting up a strawman: as long as china's cuts aren't exactly the same or more than ours, it's a bad deal. But that's bullshit. Like I said before, [China's cuts are 50% more aggressive than the US cuts, based on their actual impact on AGW.](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/1758-5899.12295/full)
[Get ahold of yourself!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvPugcb7QGE)
There's no accounting for taste. I think Boston City Hall is a gorgeous building, especially in the context of its [plaza](https://c.o0bg.com/rf/image_1920w/Boston/2011-2020/2016/09/07/BostonGlobe.com/Business/Images/Boston-City-Hall-Plaza-8183277-GEGU-5486.jpg) and [environs](https://sites.tufts.edu/govcenter/files/2015/11/6.-city-hall-plaza-1280x604.jpg). It looks onto and anchors a huge swath of downtown, providing open visual access reminicient of the civic nature of a government building. And its regular, repeated, rigid geometry reinforces the institutions of state: conservative (small-c), dependable, manifest, and forceful. It's no mistake that so many excellent brutalist buildings are government buildings (commercial &amp; residential brutalism still don't click for me). But I absolutely love Boston's city hall. Philly's city hall comes from another era, but it carries some of the same themes. The open courtyard, the central place in the city, and the ability to see it from everywhere, all meet the same civic challenge. Likewise, the immensely thick walls provide a similar sense of heft to the municipal government. The beaux-arts style is more ornamental and flagrant than Boston's, but it was built in the gilded age, when government had a far less democratic/populist bent. Boston's town hall comes from the great society era, when people were much more optimistic about the use of government power to solve social problems. Edit: if you want to hate on something, let's agree to hate on postmodernism in Philly: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guild_House_(Philadelphia)
Hah! I watched that guy's video like a week or so ago (before we found the asbestos trap). He has such a positive attitude! Worst case scenario everything goes wrong and I lay out the money for hickory and a drum sander.
"What do you mean it's no longer my job to maximize personal profit?"
&gt; The Paris agreement basically says that the US has to reduce carbon emissions by 26% while China and India have no such requirements Nope. China's INDC carries [substantial commitments which Brookings calls "costly" and "ambitious"](https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/china-mckibbin.pdf), and is [50% more effective than the U.S. commitment](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/1758-5899.12295/full). You have no idea what you're talking about, but that's nothing new. &gt;The agreement also states that the US must donate billions of dollars to help smaller countries lower their own carbon emissions, but China and India have no such requirement. (Obama committed $3 Billion) 100% true. It's a bribe to get them to join the agreement. It worked, at an insignificant cost to the federal budget (less than half of one percent of the defense budget for just one year). &gt; but China and India have no such requirement No requirement, but china already contributed $1.5 billion. Smarties are becoming the new leaders of the international order thanks to Trump's incompetence. &gt; I agree with the decision to remove the US from this deal because I don't believe it is a fair deal You have no clue what a **"fair deal"** would even consist of, and I'll bet you 100 $orosBux you can't even outline the elements of an effective international carbon mitigation agreement. &gt; have never read the text of the bill itself. Christ almighty, you're ignorant. It's not a bill. It's not a treaty. It's a non-binding agreement within the framework of the UNFCCC. Goddamn, dude.
&gt; Can't vote UN bureaucrats out of office though. UN Bureaucrats didn't write the Paris Accord, nor did they write the individual national commitments submitted by each country. Unlike the Kyoto Protocol that was a binding treat organization, the Paris Accord was non-binding, and based entirely on national commitments. It was 100% democratically accountable, and unfortunately, we voted for someone who pulled out.
I went with an used washing machine rectifier/regulator for my old CB360. It was like $5 on ebay, performed much better than the stock.
Woof. Even better than Kathy Griffin eating shit?
&gt; An arrest warrant has been issued for 24-year-old Shawn Yarbary. He faces charges including robbery and attempted murder. &gt;"It's an all-out effort at this point to locate this gentleman and get him off the streets of Philadelphia," said Philadelphia Police Lt. John Walker. I get that the police need to take an attack on a city official or politician more seriously than your average violent assault, but with the homicide clearance rate falling into the low 40s, this is a great opportunity to point out what can be done when investigators have the resources they need.
Very cool!
Oh, it shows.
[Better article](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/Suspect-named-in-councilmans-stabbing.html?mobi=true), plus they got him: &gt;Shawn Yarbray, 24, surrended Saturday morning at Southwest Detectives and is likely to be arraigned late tonight or early Sunday morning, said Lt. John Walker of Southwest Detectives. &gt;Walker said they learned of Yarbray's identity late Friday night through interviews with neighbors, the councilman and Yarbray's family and appealed to his family to have him turn himself in. &gt;His family convinced Yarbray to do that, Walker said.
Lol, this is why they call it Gen X. Everyone forgets... But according to my CEO, I'm a good-for-nothing millennial.
Have fun fighting off that army of strawmen, but I never made any of those claims *and you know it*. Of course spending hundreds of billions of dollars on new boats is going to boost steel makers. If an infrastructure bill materializes, that will too. My point is that this type of stimulus spending is exactly what Republicans spent the last eight years criticizing Obama for. If Trump successfuly pushes through a new infrastructure bill (that doesn't privatize federal assets), I'll give him the credit. There's literally nothing stopping him. But wtf do we need a cold war-sized navy for? China's DF-21 makes big boats sitting ducks. We should be spending *all* that money on developing high-energy countermeasures. Yet another thing you know completely nothing about, but stick with whatever BS tumbles out of Trump's mouth.
You mean like, is it good that the government is spending money on boats? Sure, I already did.
You mean 'luxury,' 'luxury-appointed,' and 'deluxe'
Not saying you're wrong, but where would you cut services to spend $10k on the pool?
No, I already said we shouldn't be building the boats, dummy. We should spend the money on the NROs high-energy laser, rail-gun, and anti-missile countermeasure programs. That would actually make us safer. You have a bad habit of defaulting to ad hominem. It's not very becoming.
Haha, there you go showing your anti-democratic self again. 'You're not allowed to have political opinions!' If Trump doesn't want criticism, he shouldn't be so incompetent. If you don't want criticism, you should stop being wrong.
The system we have for disbursing federal emergency aid isn't so much about what's possible, but what's equitable. Think of it like an insurance policy: states and municipalities pay their premiums every year (income taxes, mostly), and then when we have a really bad storm we file a claim.
Wrong again, nine months. But your creeping obsession with that fact is starting to get weird.
Haha, true.
I'm not especially motivated by your hurt feelings, but I've certainly become a lot more active on reddit since the 2016 campaign. I used to be dismissive of people like you shutting down the conversation with aggressive shit-posting and sloganeering. I think one thing that's become clear is that despite its limitations, people are engaging in an increasing share of there interpersonal discourse online. So when people like you spread lies and misinformation, it's more harmful to society than it used to be. Also, wtf is wrong with you? Why aren't I allowed to "push politics," but you're allowed to run an explicitly partisan subreddit, or to squat on subreddit names for people who disagree with you? How are you this incapable of self-reflection? Or do your really buy your own BS?
From what? I've already addressed all your points. I believe in free speech, so I'm not going to keep quiet just because you think I should. You can fuck right off with that noise. You can keep asserting that I'm violating rules, norms, or common sense, but you're the one stalking my account history and getting warned off by the mods. But what's really interesting here is you're impenetrable sense of your own infallibility. Have you even googled it? Are you convinced that the dictionary industry has been bought off with $orosBux? It's just the wrong word, dude.
&gt; You were banned in one subreddit for breaking the rules repeatedly and being warned repeatedly. Don't try and act like it wasn't justified. Why do you phrase that in the passive voice? You banned me. We both know it, so take responsibility for your actions. You banned me because you disagree with the things I say, and you can't handle rational argument without getting all emotional and rage quitting. To wit, &gt; I'm done responding to you in this thread Ciao, babe.
Especially since "unprecedented" is the word [used by the Metropolitan Police.](http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/04/europe/london-terror-attack-new/index.html) There's absolutely nothing negative about the police in the article.
Came here for bear, too.
One in DC, too. Thank the Irish and their silly ways of talking.
That doesn't look like a bear cub...
&gt; Megyan Kelly's new show on NBC last night How's that working? Does she just drop all the fox-era narratives, or is she keeping it up?
No u.
In what context other than the 'cloward-piven strategy' does your comment make sense? If not that, what were you referring to?
Next week on *Brick City Beat,* Detective Chance McGillan discovers he can't run as well as he used to.
Lax as in, none beyond not having a criminal record.
That's fair, and I do respect your appreciation for subtlety. Unfortunately [the mandatory minimums question is rearing its head again](http://www.philly.com/philly/living/mandatory-minimum-criminal-justice-reform-pennsylvania.html) (despite previous bi-partisan progress on the issue), so I wasn't sure if you were using it as short-hand or advocating the cause.
I must've misread, I thought it was a party-line vote. Still though, this bill is realistic and even allows the pensions to continue.
Well lemme ask you this: If I can put someone in jail for a day and guarantee that they'd never commit a crime again, wouldn't that be the same as putting them in jail for the rest of their life? That'd be the *ad absurdum* end of that argument, but generally speaking if you get the same recidivism rate from shorter sentences, you're saving the government and the economy a lot of money.
&gt; “I think that is clear, I am shocked that that is not clear,” says Fetterman, on the idea that Trump is repeating his campaign strategies of 2016. “Why is everyone taking the bait? I'm not sure criticizing the President's foreign policy should be called 'taking the bait.' When the President signs a meaningless executive order, sure we can be choosy about which battles we pick. But this short-signed argument that withdrawing from Paris is meaningless is just wrong. No, it doesn't have any immediate legal impact, but it's going to make every future international negotiation much harder. Staying silent on this one would be ceding the argument on international rules-based diplomacy.
Exactly the kind of long-term investment that politicians have learned to avoid because voters will powerfully disincentivize.
In that it fails to reform, fails to punish, or fails to secure?
I think that's a totally fair perspective, but can we concede that the 'punishment' element of a sentence will likely vary significantly based on who the offender is and the narrative around their crime? Is it *just* that white women will nearly always get lighter sentences than black men?
I'm pointing out a problem with punishment-based justifications for sentencing, and asking if you agree or disagree.
Can't argue there, since punishment's subjective. I'm most concerned that it fails to reform, since these kids will be out in the world soon.
&gt; before the system went live the company did a great job at walking us around to show every feature, shut off locations, and do's and dont's. Sounds like a pretty responsible installer.
&gt; so giddy to defend an unnecessary $18M loss. I'm just trying to be realistic here. You're assuming that this project is run by a bunch of clowns who are less competent than you are. My default assumption is that the project managers had a good reason for the switch. Maybe the additional operating cost of the W.Philly property didn't look as good in the long run. *Or*, maybe some asshole in the dept. brass pulled rank and forced the change, despite the good economics. I'm just saying don't assume what's not on the page. Right now it looks like an $18 million loss. Maybe it's more, maybe it's less. But it's *definitely* not $50 million.
They couldn't have built what they have for $50 million, though. It's a gorgeous and iconic building.
Did they claim it justified the kids actions? Say the kid who had his skull fractured was one of the kids throwing rocks. Is it okay to fracture his skull?
Dude in the comments claims to know shit that he won't tell reporters. And yet we're skeptical of the kid who had his skull fractured.
How so? The kid ended up with a fractured skull, clearly *something* out of the ordinary happened.
&gt; His intent was not to kill/fracture the kids head. So now you know what the guy was thinking when he cracked a 14-year-old kid's skull? My point is, based on what's reported, this does not look good. I'm not saying we should form a lynch mob, but this reflexive skepticism of everything the witnesses said is unhealthy af.
It's a lot that he hadn't previously said. Remember, before his testimony, this was all 'fake news.' Now it's a direct accusation of obstruction.
&gt;racially charged narratives. Okay, lets strip all the alleged racism from the story. Is what happened, as reported, okay? Is it good that Furman was not charged with aggravated assault? &gt;Then everything they reported was basically fuckin lies... That's a different question. Again, say your default assumption was that racism doesn't exist - the kid has a fractured skull. This can't be denied. Furman caused his skull fracture, no one is debating this point. Why was it okay for Furman to fracture his skull, and where are you getting your 'alternative facts' to justify this?
Combined with a fair formula, yeah, this would be the best system. When people get upset about inequality of opportunity, schools should be the number one target for reform. Differences in the quality of school systems are the single largest contributor to the decline in economic mobility. Unfortunately, PA is dead set on moving in the wrong direction on this.
&gt;The loose coalition is backing two bills: one would institute a stacked funding structure that de-prioritizes Planned Parenthood clinics, which provide abortions. Sponsors say that would defund the service. &gt; The other would narrow the window for abortion from 24 to 20 weeks, and outlaw the most commonly-used abortion procedure, which is medically called dilation-and-extraction. It's infuriating that anti-abortion activists will fight for laws that might marginally reduce abortion rates, while causing all kinds of collateral damage (i.e., by cutting poor women's access to cancer screenings at PP), but won't even come to the table to compromise on policies like [CO's IUD push](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/06/science/colorados-push-against-teenage-pregnancies-is-a-startling-success.html?_r=0) that are *incredibly effective* at reducing abortions: &gt;The birthrate among teenagers across the state plunged by 40 percent from 2009 to 2013, **while their rate of abortions fell by 42 percent**, according to the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. There was a similar decline in births for another group particularly vulnerable to unplanned pregnancies: unmarried women under 25 who have not finished high school. What's more, CO's policy actually saved the state a ton of money. But no, it'll 'encourage ladies to have sex,' or whatever garbage.
&gt; Its time to ask what the parents are using the money the government is giving them to feed their kids for, bet its not the intended purpose. What if they're using it for booze. What do you do then? Take it away? What does that solve?
&gt; I fucking hate Government over reach, but it needs to step in when people won't do the right thing. Lol, wtactualf. You just proposed a massive expansion of police powers, requiring a police force that would need to be many times larger to enforce. Not to mention that every contact with an unruly minor stands a chance of getting violent, and all the fucking truant kids locked up together would undoubtedly get violent. We'd literally be building apartment blocks of overnight holding facilities. And yet, 'hey, maybe provide families with a sustainable level of social assistance and a lot of social ills will solve themselves' is anathema. I know you're a vet, but come on, direct application of force is not the solution to every goddamn problem.
My point is that even though the parents are to blame, the burden always ends up in the government's lap. Unfortunately, people's typical response is 'punish the parents' or 'fine the parents,' as if that will snap addicts, the mentally ill, or the poor into shape. These answers feel good, but they don't solve anything.
&gt;"Those were lies, plain and simple,” Mr. Comey said in brief opening remarks. [Hmmm.](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/08/us/politics/james-comey-testimony-hearing.html?action=Click&amp;contentCollection=BreakingNews&amp;contentID=65410388&amp;pgtype=article)
Don't be ridiculous, handgun in the road has Monday written all over it.
Exactly this.
The biggest national reform is the universal mandate that contraception be covered by health insurance. That's true in all 50 states, which vastly expanded access.
Lol.
This is still weird and you should still feel weird.
Isn't that exactly what you'd do if you were worried all your false flags were about to be exposed? Get a crazy, barely coherent guy from Texas to start claiming *everything* is a false flag. The problem is, if you use one person, people will realize, 'hey, he didn't used to be crazy, what happened?' That's why they had to manufacture the whole "Alex Jones" identity, which of course they can do because they're the government.
&gt; Spot on with our talking points? Leak, check. Lynch, check. Nothingburger, check. Dude, did you even watch the hearing? *Sneaking suspicion says no.* &gt; -John McCain asked a great question. Okay, what was his question? I challenge you to parse that 5 minute ramble, in which he repeatedly used the wrong names, words, and incomplete dependent clauses into a single coherent question. &gt;Trump didn't obstruct justice and was never accused of that. Didn't strong arm Comey, he asked him for loyalty And then he fired him. He asked him to do a thing, implied his job was on the line, and then fired him when it didn't happen. Hell, then he told Lester Holt that he fired him because he didn't do the thing he asked for! That's obstruction 101! &gt; -Who gives a fuck who called who?? Cuz the president lied about it, ya nut.
&gt; People don't attack mentally challenged people because they are hungry, they do it because they are shitty people People can become shitty people due to childhood trauma. I'm not trying to justify their behavior, I'm trying to explain why it happens. This sort of thing (hyper-violent children, I mean) is notably less common in places without dire poverty.
&gt; You clearly have no clue what you're talking about. Lol, you didn't even watch the testimony. He was talking about a different NYT story, you goon. Get your facts straight. Comey said Trump lied. The words are in the transcript.
Nah, signs so far say it's been [net positive.](http://www.phillymag.com/property/2017/04/10/tax-abatement-huge-shot-in-arm-for-city-study-finds/) I wouldn't mind if it were capped somehow (seems unnecessary at the $18mm condo level), but I'm not one to argue with results.
I remember when I was 13 I was *pissed* that I couldn't buy D12 model rocket engines in NJ.
&gt; You start looking, and you find that not only is the NRA not some massive, overbearing lobbying organization with an unlimited budget, but that they don't lobby nearly as much as the other side of the fence does. Again, this is an incredibly recent development driven almost entirely by Bloomberg personally. Calling the NRA the 'little guy' is a [clown move, bro.](https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=d000000082&amp;cycle=A)
Progress!
They're replying in part to the thread about 500 walnut. The point stands for a class of 'super-wealthy' individuals who have the option to maintain a tax-advantaged primary residence. But that's not really the bread &amp; butter of our tax base, and it's only relevant if we're trying to compete for Billionaire revenue from NYC.
My friend went to school with a girl named Chrystal Knight. Yes, she was aware.
Can you find my old point &amp; shoot? I left it somewhere near the Great American Scream Machine back in '97. It's the one with a built-in zoom and panorama mode. Thanks!
People always think rationally when their relative is dead in a pool of blood. Come on... we can read the relative's statement critically without taking it as proof of a broken culture. You know who the news crew didn't interview? The kid's neighbors who hated him. You're implying that the rest of the *community* feels the same way as the kid's family.
*I* fucked up? Wow, now we're in new territory. Will the consequences never be the same? &gt; Who cares what Comey said? [Everyone](http://www.newseum.org/todaysfrontpages/?tfp_display=gallery&amp;tfp_region=USA&amp;tfp_sort_by=state)? ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Woah, he's farther than 20 feet from the gun. Perspective is hard to read on the shitty security camera, but it looks more like 30 feet, just to the SUV. Then you have to round the corner and you have another 15 feet to the gun, maybe. That puts the cop in between the gun and the kid running away. That looks a lot worse than it sounded from the article.
Sure, but do you want to be the guy beating up on a grandmother who's looking at her dead grandson's body? You're not wrong, but it's not exactly compassionate.
&gt;Everyone that disagrees with me is a racist. Nobody said that, dude. Calm down.
I called one guy a racist once, and it was because he said the problem with NE Philly was "the junkies and the blacks." Literally, that dude is a racist. I also told projectile_setback to go fuck himself yesterday, but he was way over the line, and it was after he told me to go fuck myself. I didn't call him a racist, he called himself a racist. But mainly, if you can't handle discussion with people that disagree with you, that's not my problem, it's yours. Comparing me to a subreddit full of creative shitposters, while interesting, is dead-on-wrong. My meme skills are pretty much zip. I'm happy to have meaningful disagreements with folks, and I have perfectly pleasant conversations with a lot of people on this sub. But people like you can't handle when I disagree with you and resort to the same bullshit charade of name-calling and pulling the victim card. As if somehow, by failing to buy into your lazy rhetoric, I'm cheating. Grow the fuck up and make a reasoned argument. Use a logical framework and back it up with evidence. This is how adults talk.
Shh, go back to sleep honey
Wherever they go, it'll be worth it. Great beers.
Brought to you by Steve Bannon!
I went to a better-ranked engineering school than you, and I can confirm it has nothing to do with the relevance of these comments or one's ability as an engineer. Wait, what are we talking about?
Officer isn't allowed to act on the possibility alone.
This reads as reasonable. I honestly think this is the most likely case.
Lol, yet you keep commenting!
I just want the criminals to be given gov't funded mansions, is that too much to ask?
Former governor of Massachusetts
Blame Clarke &amp; his unnecessary fight over contractors. If the city wants special rules for minority owned businesses, it should apply to all contracting via separate legislation, not as a negotiated addendum to Rebuild.
No man, that's actually what you're saying. You're criticizing the Grandma for saying her grandson was a 'good kid'. What would you have preferred she said?
Laziest Nazi recruitment effort yet...
If you're just talking about human mortality, Hydro *might* be safer (BTW, that link says that *in the US,* nuclear is safer than hydro). But that's not really meaningful, since we can't build very much new hydro capacity. The need for a long-term waste repository is real, but meanwhile, coal is actively killing people (at a rate 100,000x higher than nuclear, according to that data). Unfortunately, we need baseload power - wind &amp; solar can't provide sufficient stability (at least not until storage tech is much cheaper). Nuclear is the only reasonable component of that transition that doesn't blow us way past 2 degrees of warming.
&gt; which means they're doing nothing to combat the opiate epidemic, they're just treating the symptoms Yeah, sure... but when the symptoms are people dying, they're worth treating. Nobody advocates (well, nobody I know IRL, reddit's a zoo) exclusively pursuing harm reduction. The Mayor's report highlights plenty of other prevention policies. But Philly's in a bit of a pickle, since the majority of our users aren't even from here.
I had a roommate who grew up in Maine, and picked blueberries all summer. She'd had two melanomas by the time she was 30. Girl did *not* use sunscreen...
I wish he'd do this in a more straightforward way. The developer wants to build some tall buildings in a place where there's no views to interrupt. Fine, whatever. But they way they're doing this is by amending the current zoning code that would allow other developers to also build taller buildings in places (within the central delaware zone) where there *are* views that will be interrupted. My guess is that this is a best attempt to make it look like anything other than a favor for a developer. But that's stupid, he should keep the amendments site focused and debate the changes on their merits, not via some BS formula for height bonuses.
Wah wah wah.
I'm gonna invite the downvotes, but red light cameras and speed cameras are the most effective way to improve drivers' behavior. Cops aren't going to be around to catch every DUI, but if driving drunk, or just recklessly stars costing you, you're going to start doing it less.
I mean, I recognize there are a lot of people on the left-wing of the Democratic party who are frustrated with the blue dogs, but rejecting compromise is how you turn into the tea party. Sure they won, but they're not very effective at getting what they want.
Those are impressive tourism numbers for Philly, count me gobsmacked. But I bet a lot of the 190M "domestic travelers" are just chugging along 76 or 80. Anyway, check this out: I was wondering what the polling in PA looked like relative to the pre-legalization polling in CO. According to [this](https://ballotpedia.org/Colorado_Marijuana_Legalization_Initiative,_Amendment_64_(2012\)), most CO polls in 2011 &amp; 2012 were ~50% support, ~40% oppose. But according to the [most recent F&amp;M poll,](https://www.fandm.edu/uploads/files/469804111621898454-f-m-poll-release-may-2017.pdf) 56% of PA voters support legalization, and crucially, only 37% oppose. Sounds like we're ready for a ballot measure.
There's a good WolfPack joke in there...
Holy shit, I'm reading [what it takes to get a ballot measure done in PA.](http://www.palwv.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/259_Referendum-Handbook-1999.pdf) What a bunch of garbage. Basically it's impossible without the legislature approving it, which brings us back to our gerrymandered republican hellhole problem.
Saw what? If it was the sign for Blue Ball, that always gave me a chuckle on our way to Creation.
I did some quick googling on my phone yesterday, and [this is where I got the $200m,](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/marijuana-tax-revenue-hit-200-million-in-colorado-as-sales-pass-1-billion-2017-02-10) so it looks like an updated figure from the one you found. But my numbers on the deficit were based on report on the monthly shortfalls I found (and of course, can't find them now), since I couldn't find a good press source for the total projected number. Where did you find $3 billion? That's a pretty huge deficit.
Now we're getting somewhere! Although, I'd be pissed if I missed out on 5 years of 401k contributions, especially at the beginning of my career. I like the deal the just passed (although, I wish it applied to all civil servants, including law enforcement), and I wish it went a little farther by phasing out pensions for new employees over the next five years or so. I also don't mind retroactive haircuts to pension benefits, although we need to tread really carefully, like by focusing cuts on people who have other sources of income or who have other sources of wealth. Every time you mess with pensions, you're breaking a promise, and no matter the circumstances, it's not ethical.
Always a possibility. Unlike some, Ori Feibush cares about his reputation, so I doubt it would be a full-on *fuck you!* to the neighborhood. But yeah, good to stay skeptical.
[Let the hate flow through you...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cIBD22RhUE)
The AC at the Dew Inn works just fine!
NP, good luck!
You're shitting on a post about the city saving hundreds of millions of dollars through innovative policy. Clearly your ideology cannot be challenged by reality. You must have a small fortune in semi-precious stones to be that jaded.
I spent an inexcusable amount of time looking at that group photo for someone that looked like Templeton Peck...
Is there an article or a briefing from the presentation? I'm interested, but I don't have 21 minutes to kill.
Petcoke! ...which is no greener than met coal... The actual answer is increasing use of electric arc furnaces, which is largely what the US steel industry has switched to.
Ugh, spin that narrative all you want, but Philly balances its budget. All the recent high profile corruption cases have had to do with misuse of campaign donations, people taking bribes, or at the PPA, misuse of funds that the city can't control.
So, did you not realize that that's not the correct budget, or are you being intentionally misleading?
Already did, ya goof. I post about this shit all the damn time: * $14m for Boulevard of the Arts' masts * $18m in architecture, planning, &amp; design for the Provident Mutual Life bldg. in W. Philly * Scott Brown's still-yet-unknown waste for the city council's veterans office The problem is, I know more than you do. But in order to maintain your sense of superiority, you put up ideological blinders that block out evidence that might prove you wrong. "Oh the city saved over $100 million year? That can't possibly be right, everything is corrupt always. La la la. Ego maintained."
Stop playing dumb. I showed you where they saved $100m, it's in my top post. I'm arguing with you here presuming you're actually an accountant. Stop playing dumb: you know the premise of debt-financed capital spending is that you get greater return on your capital than you pay in interest. I refuse to believe you're that unqualified. You're just trying to get away with rhetorical garbage to win a stupid reddit argument. Stop it. If you wanted to make some kind of a 'fungibility' argument, you should have pointed out the city's under-funding its pension liabilities. But that's bunk anyway, because the PSS is providing the same service at 60% the cost. It's just raw savings. Where would you actually cut waste from the Philly budget?
&gt; Don't these politicians realize if they would support negotiating drug prices then the costs of Medicaid would go down? PhRMA would like a world with you...
Check it: rising temperatures increase the amount of electricity people use in a predictable way (even after you account for declining heating energy use in the winter). This means that a warmer future will require more power plants producing more power, more transmission lines, etc. etc. By 2040, if we don't drastically cut our emissions, [electricity will be **18% more expensive** due to increased demand alone.](http://rhg.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/RHG_PowerSectorImpactsOfClimateChange_Jan2017.pdf) Importantly, that's a greater cost increase than if Obama's Clean Power Plan were left in place. **Ignoring climate change will cost you more than if we fixed it in the first place**. This finding is consistent across multiple studies from several different research groups. I can provide the peer reviewed sources if anyone's interested.
FEMA's emergency funding works like an insurance policy. We all pay in a little every year, and then when one region experiences an exceptional weather event, FEMA writes a check to help supplement the costs that the municipalities, counties, and states bear. FEMA rejects claims all the time (google "FEMA rejects disaster relief"). I don't know what metrics they use to assess a claim, so I can't speak to if the rejection is valid or not. But this is hardly "poor planning." Municipalities shouldn't be self-insuring for extreme weather beyond a point. You want to be able to handle a 1-in-10 year storm in within your usual budget, anything more it wouldn't be very efficient to sit on a big pile of disaster relief money.
&gt; it was obvious that the revenue projections were bogus, *Sigh*. Please explain your methodology for calculating the price elasticity of domestically-purchased soda.
&gt; So are you going to make up the funding gap? No you are.
&gt; it doesnt take a graduate of the booth school to see they pulled these numbers out of their ass. No, it takes someone confident in their own ignorance to assume they did. The actual revenue is only 15% off the estimates. Compare that to completely BS revenue estimates like the Bush tax cuts. The analysis here is not super hard, as economic analyses go. You do a literature search for past studies that have rigorously examined the issue (google soda demand elasticity, there's plenty). You examine the literature values for possible outliers, or for values that seem best matched to our situation (i.e., recent, US, urban, high poverty, etc.). You can even estimate your own, if you have okay survey data on consumption. Then you calculate for each product what the increase in price will be, given the tax, and use the elasticity to estimate what the decline in consumption will be. You can evaluate multiple scenarios, too, estimating high or low economic growth.
But that's how taxes work. You get to pay for other people's Pre-K. Ain't life grand!
&gt; What is your point? My point is that there are methods and experts for estimating demand elasticity. You seem to be in denial that anyone could know more about something than yourself.
15% isn't outrageously wrong.
&gt; They better hope for a hot summer. Lol, [no hope required](https://climate.nasa.gov/vital-signs/global-temperature/).
&gt; over a full year of the beverage tax. Yeah, the philly.com article says the same, for FY18, which begins in July.
&gt; A tax credit is not a subsidy. Maybe according to the plethora of weird libertarian bloggers out there trying to make some technical point. &gt; Kenney's salary is a subsidy. You... don't know what that word means, do you? For all practical purposes, a specially-written law that monetarily benefits one person, entity, or industry, at the expense of everyone else, is a subsidy.
If universal babysitting had large, quantifiable positive impacts on student learning &amp; performance, yeah.
Yeah, that's my bad.
89.2 miles of light masts. Edit: we could build light masts along the turnpike 83% of the way to Harrisburg!
&gt; but there is no separate 'Mayor's Fund to End Homelessness'. I just called &amp; left a message to find out. It would be pretty fraudulent (i.e., actionable) to solicit funds for a 501(c)3 that you're spending on other missions. Regardless, you posted the budget claiming it was the budget breakdown for the homelessness initiative, which is stupid levels of misleading.
Ah, the [peace dividend](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia_Naval_Shipyard#Naval_use).
Yup, I'm just an amalgam of whatever reductive click-baity stereotypes you need to shut down your critical thinking skills and react lizard-brain style. I've probably also said things like "true communism has never really been tried" and "why is an investigation needed, we should believe all women!"
&gt; So, more like no bill will get done, especially one with no public scrutiny. Somehow I doubt that the President cares very deeply about the details of the bill. If the reports are correct, it's relative "meanness" is the most detailed technical statement he's made about the policy since negotiations began.
As usual, thanks for your lengthy, informed, and well-composed comment. You're really quite good at these.
These ones are actually an invasive species from Europe. Native Philadelphia dog shit bags stay on the ground where they're born, and live their entire lives without ever moving.
You do understand most people don't leave the city on a daily basis for work, right?
They don't, OP is misreading it. The projection is $90m for FY2018, which is an average of $7.5m/month
&gt; gangbaning Leave that to the mods. &gt;I'm saying a federal program does a better job than raising a kid than a mom that is living off food stamps Great, so lets do that here and pay for it with the tears of middle class soda drinkers.
No, I make excuses. Get back on message! How can such an avid anti-tax crusader such as yourself not know the Governor has effective control over the size of our property tax bill?
&gt; Who do you mail your city property tax to? Not the one that gets to set the millage rate.
It's simply not possible to be unbiased. Reporters and editors must make decisions about what is and isn't in an article. Even if they aren't partisan, they are biased.
Lol, I didn't even downvote you here yet. What the fuck could your first comment have meant other than an accusation that the ACA was kept secret like the AHCA? You're such a clown with these bullshit 'pattern disrupts.' You're a dishonest conversation partner and that's why you get downvoted.
&gt; Did you remove the downvote? Yes, I literally downvoted you, but then *removed* the downvote, just so I could make an unverifiable claim to bolster my point. That's how deep I'm in this shit. &gt; You are a partisan shill always trying to push talking points. Says the guy who runs a walled garden trump-supporting sub, and squats on subs with any combination of "pennsylvania" and "democrat" just so other people can't use it.
&gt; Oh I know, and I have proof to prove it. Do it. Show me your proof. &gt; You are so angry that I have a subreddit that is helping better this state and you don't. I'm enraged. Literally frothing at the mouth. I can't sleep at night. When I try to eat, my stomach is in knots. It's consuming me, this rage. I haven't been able to make love to my wife for weeks. All I can think about is how you have a subreddit and I don't. Oh how I wish I had my own subreddit. *If only I knew how to click that "Create your own subreddit" button on the front page!* Dude, you called me a partisan shill. Get some perspective.
&gt; Democrats repeatedly conducted secret closed-door planning sessions, That's wholly different from the current process. Closed-door planning sessions are part-and-parcel of daily life on the hill. The party works together to get on the same page before working toward their agenda. I was in DC at the time, there's no rational interpretation of "by fall of 2009 had completely cut Republicans out of any negotiations of the final bill" that makes any sense. Republicans cut themselves out by refusing to participate in the floor process. They earned the "party of No" epithet fair and square. Blanket voting No on every possible amendment (including ones offered by republican members!) makes no damn sense. The one article that addresses your point is the C-Span article, and that's a question about closed-door meetings. Again, **the whole time the bill was available to the public**. What the republicans are doing today is writing a secret bill and then **dropping it for a floor vote before members will even have time to read it**. It is the pinnacle of hubris.
How is that Wolf's fault? It was counties asking for the money, but FEMA requests need to be made by the Governor.
So you would rather have no projections than projections that are within 15%? That's pretty dumb...
Yesterday I was walking my dog when I saw a contractor (I assume) stop his pickup truck next to an empty lot. He got out of the truck, and carried two full buckets to the back of the lot, and slowly poured them out. It was early so it took me way too long to realize he was dumping something and it wasn't *his* lot. He then drove off. Until proven otherwise, I'm going to assume he was dumping a mix of elemental mercury and radioactive wastewater. Sorry to whatever homeowner just had their lives ruined...
We're in Olde Kensington, but the truth about asbestos is that unless your home is newer than 1980, or has been gut reno'd since then, there's probably something with asbestos in it (insulation, vinyl tiles, popcorn ceilings, and drywall joint compound are most common). It's not dangerous unless some unscrupulous homeowner or contractor tore it out without using proper mitigation procedures (which is unfortunately super common). The only way to know if you have contamination is if you do an air test. We had a contractor tear out a popcorn ceiling without testing for asbestos (fortunately, we it was post-1980, so it was fine). We recently discovered that a prior owner partially removed an asbestos tile floor before covering it with carpet (so, so dumb). Our air test came back clean, so that was also a lucky break. But knowing what I know now, I'd never buy a house without an air test first.
Wild, did you find out what they were dumping?
We looked at some amazing houses just north of Temple. Honest to god gems with original architectural details that make you want to cream your pants. Century-old plaster details, wrought iron fixtures, and mahogany-trimmed oak parquet floors. But there's no point in rehabbing them since the only market is for slumlords that can run it as a flophouse for gross students.
&gt;Much of the debate on the project, which has stretched for months, has focused on an agreement with the building trades. It includes a target of 45 percent minority participation for workers on Rebuild sites and a 50 percent Philadelphia-resident workforce. &gt;To hit those goals in the project’s first year, a new commitment by the administration, the trades, and the city will begin a 12-month pre-apprenticeship program. Members will receive job training and get help studying for the apprenticeship tests and paid work on Rebuild sites. Out of concern that that pool of workers will be too small to hit the diversity goals, Council members also added a requirement the unions tap workers from existing pre-apprenticeship programs. I'm honestly interested to see how this turns out; if implemented well, it could let a lot of kids get their feet in the door with the trades. If implemented poorly it could just be a big clusterfuck of delays and/or gaming the stats. Edit: UGH, at this goddamn patronage play: &gt;In negotiations, Council also secured a string of changes to the legislation that would give members more control over the project’s implementation, including: * Spots for two Council appointees and the chair of the Parks and Recreation Committee on the Rebuild oversight board. * Annual approval of the list of Rebuild sites selected by the administration, as well as the line-item budget.
&gt;Among the Pennsylvania Constitution's requirements for serving as governor is seven years residency in the state before the gubernatorial election. Having just moved back to Pennsylvania in May, Hart is way short. That's just plain excessive. I completely support residency requirements that disincentivize carpetbagging, but people are much more mobile these days. 7 years is a practical lifetime in politics.
&gt;Program costs began at $11.8 million in FY17 and will increase to $19.5 million in FY18 to account for paying for a full year of pre-K at the rate of $8,500 per child. While the original plan was to increase the number of slots to 3,000 in FY18, this number will remain at 2,000 while the Philadelphia Beverage Tax (PBT) litigation is pending. The plan is to grow the number of locally-funded seats to 6,500 by FY21. [They started with low-income neighborhoods last year](http://phlcouncil.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/FY18-MOE-testimony_submitted-3.31.17.pdf), and are scaling it up to full deployment in FY21, but it looks like they're waiting for the PA Supreme Court to rule.
If they do that (and the sec. of ed. certifies it), does control automatically devolve to the way it was before the SRC? Wouldn't we need to elect a school board pretty immediately threafter?
Nah dude, I skipped it.
That's silly. It's on tape, and we all heard it. Why is it so important for you to deny that Trump enjoys committing sexual assault? I can agree with Bill Clinton's policies while acknowledging he's a skeez/possible rapist. Why can't you admit your favorite politician is a self-admitted groper?
Only two small differences: Bill Clinton never *admitted* that he was a rapist on tape, and he was functionally competent at running a government.
Man your level of denial is like an abused spouse. 'Donny's a good man, he wouldn't do that to me!'
I would consider someone grabbing my genitals without consent to be sexual assault. You?
Lol @ locker room talk. K, ignore all the accusers. **HER NAME IS JESSICA LEEDS.**
If you're comfortable around people bragging about sexual assault, that's on you. I've never been in that situation, but again, I don't suspect any of my friends are rapists.
This guy gets it. **ALL DEMOCRATS ARE CENTENARIAN FONDLERS**.
&gt; Anyways, it's been nice "talking" with you. However, it's clear you're more interesting in partisan trolling than having a civil discussion, so take care. Well, I can't say I'm surprised. This is what people do when their misconceptions are challenged with facts, but their ego overrides and they can't admit when their wrong. &gt; I'm glad you've got a law-degree to made sense of that nonsense It's literally a congressperson's daily job to read and write bills. What else are they supposed to be doing with their time? If you're a professional, I very likely couldn't come out of nowhere and immediately understand your work, and you very likely couldn't immediately understand mine. Why would you insist that laws be written at a 4th grade level? &gt; If Republicans passed a 2300 page bill, even after making it public first for months, you'd be screaming they're trying to ram through a bunch changes that no one wants...and you'd be right It literally has nothing to do with the length of the bill. They could pass a 3 page bill or a 40,000 page bill, but if it cuts medicaid, ends preexiting conditions protections, or eliminates essential health benefits, I'd be pissed. &gt; not a single person who voted on it actually read the entire thing themselves. **Evidence or BTFO.** That's a lie. Here's the process, since you insist on being so wrong: The drafting committee read the bill dozens of times over. Lawmakers of both parties very likely did not read the entire bill end-to-end, because that would be a meaningless exercise; bills have to be interpreted, not just read. They hire staff with expertise in specific areas (e.g., medicare) that read individual sections, then they hold conferences to discuss the effects the bill would likely have on the economy if passed. Then they compare with other legislators in their party, and then they decide on what they want changed, or if they're going to vote on it. Your ignorance of the process does not invalidate the process. &gt; Oh come on. The bill was so bad, lawyers argued over it for months in court, taking it all the way to SCOTUS How is that a measure of the bill being bad? There are literally hundreds of lawsuits about the Clean Air Act of 1970, despite it being a bipartisan law that's held up as an international example of how to write an excellent law. Disagreements about interpretations do not make a law bad. Again, just because you're ignorant of the process does not invalidate it. &gt; I challenge you, right now, to go and read it straight through. No. I challenge you, right now, to go and take an administrative law class. &gt; If you don't kill yourself out of frustration or boredom Again, why in the world would your standard for a 'good law' be one that's 'engaging and entertaining?' WTF are you even talking about? &gt; Democrats rammed it through Congress. You're confusing your frustrations about the policies in the ACA with the process of passing the ACA. You have zero ground to stand on with process, since, and I'll bold this since you're just going to skim my comment: **The Republicans are passing the AHCA in exactly the ways they falsely accused democrats of passing the ACA**. There's no comparison, which is why you quit arguing BS points about whether or not the bill was private, and switched to bitching about length. &gt; It's "obvious" that Pelosi knows very little about anything Yup, you don't like her so she must not have earned any of the influence she has. Subtle misogyny, much?
&gt; such a sad little man Crying inside. &gt; His own wording in those tapes indicate that consent was given Ooooh! Somebody has an interesting definition of consent! Lemme guess, the reason he used the pronoun "them" and not "her" is that he was talking about a person he knew so intimately that he knew they preferred the gender-neutral pronoun? And not because he was speaking generally of all women that he is "automatically attracted to"? You're in too deep, man. This is some deep denial.
Uh huh, why don't you x-post it in /r/PADems ?
Your attacks would be more effective if they had any basis in reality. Since I just explained why the language in the tape validates my accusation, you really aught to focus on something more ad hominem rather than rhetorical.
Oh shit, you're right! The biggest news event from the 2016 campaign didn't happen, and we're all not universally aware of it! Holy shit!
&gt; Show me a transcript which proves your point. No. Quit pretending to be illiterate.
Yeah, go ahead and tell me why that's not a racist comment?
&gt; BTFO with facts. Mmmhm, literally everyone agrees with you and not me. Hey look, I wrote you a poem. It's my original work. Came straight out of the blue. Made it special for you: I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything
He's just concern trolling because I called his other comment racist.
This guy gets it
I care about the internet because for all the fucked up things this govt is doing, the only way to get through to the college crowd is reminding them that Trump will fuck with them too.
&gt; those ~~conservative~~ indifferent college crowds Guldurn 20-somethings and their fidget spinners.
&gt; In Riva has an outdoor dog-specific seating area that you can let your dog run loose. Is that forreal? I'm over in kensington, but I'd make the haul if I could grab drinks with my dog. edit: [damn, dog](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.007754,-75.1921311,3a,75y,312.48h,85.14t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sscwaYzzV2hfeERphj7UkNQ!2e0!7i13312!8i6656)
&gt; Why? Why must the 99.99% of us who had no part in creating this situation suffer at the hands of those who come to our city Because if we don't they end up in the park or in the jails. I'm not suggesting safe injection sites or custodial rehab because I think we should make heroin more fun. I'm suggesting these things because they're likely to be cheaper/result in fewer addicts/fewer deaths than doing nothing. &gt;to willfully inject (for reasons known and unknown) a highly-toxic and often-deadly poison into their bodies? This is why doctors and epidemiologists emphasize treating addiction as a disease. You can't tell an addict not to be addicted, and you certainly can't affect their behavior with incentives. (Separate issue: you can tell/disincentivize people not to try drugs in the first place, but once they're addicted, it's a different question). When the flu hits every year, we don't ask "why should I have to put up with this?" We focus on ways to minimize the impact, like by providing free flu shots.
Downvote all you like, [but stats don't lie:](http://annals.org/aim/article/1814426/accessibility-firearms-risk-suicide-homicide-victimization-among-household-members-systematic) &gt; Conclusion: Access to firearms is associated with risk for completed suicide and being the victim of homicide.
Or alternatively, some day, someone would walk by, tear down the burnt-out chassis in a giant plume of lead dust &amp; asbestos, and then build a wood-framed, aluminum sided car (with granite trim) and sell it for half a million.
Yeah, they were painfully ignorant. Poor dog was probably scared out of its mind.
&gt; At what point is it enough? When the budget is balanced and the pensions aren't chronically underfunded. Like I said below, the GOP runs the assembly. They could cut the budget if they want, but they know any more cuts would be unpopular.
&gt;They include gang bangers in the study, which is obviously going to skew things in the favor of gun controllers. Disingenuously too I might add. What. "Science is irrelevant because it includes black people." Come on.
&gt; Gang and drug trade related shootings are a majority of all gun homicides, followed by domestic disputes. Well, if that were true, maybe I'd agree with you. But the widely-cited 80% "statistic" is just pure right-wing propaganda with zero basis in truth. In 2012 (the last year for which National Gang Center homicide data is available), total gang-related homicides ([2,363](https://www.nationalgangcenter.gov/Survey-Analysis/Measuring-the-Extent-of-Gang-Problems)) were only 15% of total homicides ([14,827](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2012/crime-in-the-u.s.-2012/violent-crime/murder)). Gang-related *firearm* homicides aren't tracked, but since the total number of firearm homicides in 2012 was [11,622](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr63/nvsr63_09.pdf), the *maximum* share of homicides that could be called 'gang-related' is 20%. Same goes for ['drug-related' homicides](https://www.bjs.gov/content/dcf/duc.cfm), which accounted for &lt;4% of all homicides in 2007 (although there's likely significant double counting between the 'drugs' and 'gangs' homicides). &gt; Or because of politics No, [it's because of math.](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/13/upshot/what-an-algorithm-reveals-about-life-on-chicagos-high-risk-list.html) &gt;people who don't carry their guns but are shot in public, or people killed in their sleep by stray bullets. That's how epidemiology works. You have to take into account *all* causes of death to see if there's any statistical difference between populations. You can't pick-and-choose your causes of death. The fact that there is across over a dozen studies indicates a strong, statistically-significant correlation between having access to a gun and a higher risk of both 1) committing suicide, and 2) being a victim of homicide.
&gt; I would love for someone to explain how southern counties, hundreds of miles from the nearest well, can receive ten times the amount of impact fee money that a county with wells does. Well, I'm not really sure where you're getting those numbers. [Philadelphia's the non-producing county with the largest disbursement](https://www.act13-reporting.puc.pa.gov/Modules/PublicReporting/Overview.aspx) with just over $1m, and the rest of the non-producing counties have disbursements of ~$50-150k. Moreover, there's nowhere in PA that's more than 100 miles from the closest wellhead. But that's kind of besides the point. These aren't funds going into the PA state general fund, so they don't address state costs. They only address county &amp; municipal budgets. Yeah, that can help the state budget, since it allows PA to cut spending on counties via consolidation, but these are the same counties bitching about having to pay for their state police coverage (brought to you by the Philadelphia taxpayer, mind you). In the long run, we need to tax gas more and tax income less.
Yo, I downvote you whenever you make shit up, but I haven't downvoted /u/TheGrim1 here at all. Why? Because /u/TheGrim1 makes rational arguments. I disagree with them, but that's fine. Unlike you, they're not making random accusations of vote manipulation; ignoring difficult questions; calling me names; calling my opinions invalid because I haven't lived here long enough; constantly reporting my comments to the mods; or doing any of the other ridiculous stuff you think is justified just because we disagree.
To wit...
Nothing wrong with downvoting you when you make shit up.
&gt; direct quote Wherein you added emphasis to change the meaning? &gt;or valid counter-points in a conversation? You don't make those often, but again, I don't downvote you when you're on the level. I actually don't even downvote you very often, only when you're way off base. &gt;You get paid to do this for a living, we get it. Hahaha, about that making shit up... I'll add that to the list of wild, unfounded accusations you've made.
Mmhmm. Stickin' with the lies. Impressive.
&gt; The real concern here is towns/municipalities shortening their yellow lights to boost red light camera revenue, making roads less safe in order to fill the coffers. I completely agree.
I wonder if they'll end up charging more for the Boner4ever suite. This is a really great Philly souvenir. There's a user over in /r/washingtondc who's been doing a long-running watercolor series called "Postcards from Washington DC." [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5pp7me/postcards_from_washington_dc_week_54_womens_march/) one of my favorites. I promise you all my upvotes if you keep these coming.
Deal.
Haha, my neighbor works at PWD's call center. I could ask her if you like!
Took out all the asbestos-containing vinyl flooring. Saved $1000 and just got a clean air test. Now I'm looking for a cheap dual sport to blow that savings on. Also, there's lead paint under the vinyl. Goddamn floors...
Nah, let's tear it down &amp; build condos.
He had so much important work to do for white nationalism!
&gt; forced cringefest of hipsterdom Pretty much what it always was. I think the first mag I saw was in 2004, and even then it was a little much.
Can't be late to work if you don't show up. rollsafe.jpg
&gt;Mountains are ~~weird~~ the absolute only reason to go outside in summer. FTFY Have fun where the marmots whistle. I'm heading up to the Winds in July and I cant fucking wait.
Cuts will directly affect ~831,000 people in these four states alone: * Alaska: 34k * Arkansas: 301k * Nevada: 277k * West Virginia: 219k All in order to transfer $33 billion in capital gains tax cuts to the 400 highest-income earning households.
For sure. It's the 'any single asbestos fiber could cause a cancer in 20 years' part that gives me the heebie jeebies.
My wife narrowly dodged getting drugged once, and she really doesn't go out that often. She went out with coworkers and her boss offered to buy a round of drinks. They ordered one for her, but she didn't want it, so her friend offered to drink it (6'+ big ex-mil guy). The drink went straight from the bartender to my wife, to her coworker. He passed out in the back of a cab after giving the guy a confusing series of directions. Fortunately the cabbie realized what was happening, called the last number on the guy's phone (his mother), and drove him to his parent's house (fortunately, in the suburbs). Dude woke up completely confused and missed work the next day. If my wife had had that drink, she either would have been raped or killed trying to bike home. Fuck that noise. She reported what happened to the bar owner and they gave her the cold shoulder.
[Toro Toro](http://www.richardsandoval.com/torotorodc/) in DC. Yes, fuck them very much.
The medicaid expansion is funded by taxes on capital gains. Toomey supports a bill that would cut those taxes (benefiting wealthy people whose income is derived mainly from ownership rather than labor). In order to pay for the tax cuts, Toomey is proposing cutting medicaid. The reason PA can't fund the medicaid expansion is the same reason PA can't increase it's taxes to cover our budget deficit. If taxes go up too much, people will leave the state. The reason the federal government can tax capital gains without people leaving the country is that most other industrialized countries have higher tax rates.
Hahaha, what is this, your once-monthly alt for catching up with insults?
Same here. My wife's folks are in pretty dire financial straits. They're going to be working as long as they can (and they accept that their decisions that have made that their reality). But if one or both of them were in need of long-term care... Especially since in PA, nursing homes can come after children for unpaid debts!
No u.
And given our political reality, PA isn't even able to balance a budget deficit on the order of a few billion, let alone initiate a new program that costs ~$35 billion.
Yes. Because the costs associated with moving to another country are far larger than the costs associated with crossing state lines.
M E T A
[Dat cream ale.](http://i.imgur.com/KRAG8lH.png)
&gt;“There’s no amount of shame or blame or anger that will ever make this problem go away,” he said. “This is a health emergency, and we need to treat it like a health emergency.”
Good to know it's part of the program: &gt;In addition to live sex shows, the 52-acre Kirby Park (seen above) offers visitors tennis and volleyball courts, a fitness trail, walking paths, and a pond.
&gt; That said, there are plenty of legitimate concerns about the security of firearms, and, of course, whether it's proper to have guns in an educational facility. I'm replying to your comment below in order to outline everything that's wrong with *this bill*, not necessarily because I disagree with you (i.e., it's not personal). &gt; unless they qualify under different programs like those for retired military or county sheriff's deputies. There is a fundamental difference in the mental tasks that LEOs and teachers practice that makes a teacher with a gun much more dangerous. LEOs practice the judicious use of force on a daily basis. They are required to exercise appropriate care for their service weapon at all times. They are trained to monitor and identify potential threats. It is their job to pay attention to these things. Teachers have a completely different job. They are charged with the incredibly complex and difficult task of maintaining order in a room full of literal children, all while coaxing them to pay attention and learn something. These are fundamentally different parts of the brain, and **teachers should not be observing their students in order to determine when the use of deadly force is appropriate.** The "fear-bias" that police officers exhibit is rational, only because we put LEOs in potentially dangerous situations every day. You can't ask teachers to do the same thing, or you *will* see more shootings based on 'rational fear of deadly force'. &gt;many rural schools are 20-40 minutes away from the nearest State Police barracks, so an active shooter situation could go on much longer there than in more metropolitan locations. There are a dozen other ways to address this concern that don't put the public at nearly as great risk. First and foremost, increasing the number of LEOs. If PA legislators are too concerned about the budget implications, volunteer dedicated SRCs (including retired LEOs or school administrators) would be safer than allowing teachers to carry (even though SRCs themselves increase the risk of violence). If schools are really this concerned about the threat of active shooters, I wouldn't mind a bill that allowed individual schools to apply for a permit to allow an individual administrator to serve as the designated security officer (with all the certification required). But the school would have to demonstrate a hardship and allow a public vote.
&gt;What's really important at this point is to establish an objective account of what happened with physical evidence. Yup, that's exactly what I'm saying. I wasn't critiquing the use of Taser-&gt;deadly force, I was saying that if Ofc. Pownhall used a Taser but then left that detail out of his statement, the investigators are going to tear him apart. Especially since there will be an abundance of physical and digital evidence if he used the Taser. This may just be incomplete reporting (e.g., Pownhall disclosed the Taser use to investigators, but that hadn't yet made it out to reporters), but right now, the official PPD statements disagree with the witness statements on a number of things, and the Taser is the easiest to externally verify.
Meh, reporters rarely get the full story on the scene, and PPD isn't going to comment on an active investigation. I'm holding off judgement until we hear what his actual statement was (and not just the day-of, on-the ground statements from officers on the scene).
Yo I ran over to the hardware store at lunch and when I got back a PWD truck had taken my spot. Can I complain about that here?
Game's the same. Just got fiercer.
Boo, that blows. Take good care of yourself and listen to the doc's orders. You know your situation best, but friends are there to lean on, not worry about troubling.
Clearly a false flag/couldn't be S. Philly anarchists. The use of correct grammar indicates someone with an education and a job.
Nah, it's a bipartisan effort: &gt; The state Senate passed the legislation without debate in a 49-1 vote Tuesday. Wolf says he will OK the bill despite reservations that it could limit transparency. The governor called Senate Bill 560 an “important first step” because it changes state law to enable police departments to use body cameras, specifically in private residences. Wish the law were better, but it's a compromise. This is better than not having the footage at all.
Yeah I meant the ones opposing from the right (Paul, Lee, Cruz, Johnson). Heller was clear that he needed the lifeboat, and I think Collins is pretty honest in her opposition, too.
Happy birthday, that's a good year.
I'm too physically exhausted to do that right now, but I still feel ya. I have couple of 'boring books' on my phone that usually help me get back to sleep. One is about the Pueblo Indian Revolt of 1680. Basically, historians know nothing about it. Pretty fuckin' dull.
&gt; begging me for money Yeah, but they literally just want your shit. Where are you flying your drone?
&gt; One baby's lead levels came back so high that he was sent to CHOP for chelation, and when they tested him there it was a 1! What. Which lab?! That's outrageous!
Can I get that wit?
