This game is just another ff7 spinoff undercover, just watch!!
the fact they have kept Omnishlash unreleased so far, should tell us they have large plans for him. Omnishlash V5 from AC is also popular, so I wouldn't be surprised if he gets Omnishash 1 through 5 in different relics!!
you act as if they wouldn't!
lol it took them a crazy amount of time to get DR ready and ofc it was bugged as heck. And there's still a ton of unsolved bugs that they couldn't patch before releasing yet another bugged hero.
my characters are Ms Marvel (costume), Spidey (ANAD costume), Venom (no costume yet). I manage to wipe everything pretty easily with Cap Marvel and if she is in a bad situation venom usually does the job as he seems pretty tanky and rarely gets badly damaged
Dragoon's Determination is also a massive damage boost. So there's literally no reason to use it on this fight though
I actually got 40 instead of 30 for the lower package, so that was interesting. That said, I have no clue why they wouldn't just give people the advertised amount? Is not like they corrected it right away or a day after... they corrected it today when they were supposed to send them
hopefully something that overall boosts her but also gives her an edge vs her current weaknes... physical
Huh? I said "Wasn't that prominent" it's not the same as calling him unimportant, specially when I said OTHERS were MORE prominent. Don't get all salty just because your fave isn't someones favorite
oh boy now you don't get sarcasm. Just go argue with someone else, your attempts at demeaning while you yourself lack English understanding are hilarious
you are so fragile, perhaps you should get off the internet!
The person didn't play V1, where the characters storylines were being talked about. The person continued to 'pick apart' my sentences by gathering their own meaning out of them when the whole post was an innocent inquiry in how a certain character got in before others who are perceived as more popular. Not once did I state my opinions as facts, and in fact gave proof as to the perceived popularity of other characters due to game's story/updates/etc. And not once did I resort to insults like you or them did, so how am I being a 'condescending ass'. But forget it, this went long enough. I can't wait to see who the 3rd ff14 is, as I play the game, I can't wait to play with a character from the game!
Well Gazillion is not very good at damage control, or squashing bugs
I think they will link him to all the Hulks, Antman, Iron Man, Miles/Gwen/Silk for the 'new hero' type of thing, since this game seems to follow the MCU a lot, an Ultron connection wouldn't surprise me either.
good. I watsed x15 trying for another pull on Lightning's banner after the x50 and ofc got nothing. This makes me feel less bad about it and the savings till SSSB begin now :(
I did, 8 uses has been enough for me. Specially since I usually use Tyro as whm with Wall
Alot of bugged characters, still not fixes for many of them
so are they patching tomorrow? or when do people think?
what is this repeat stage 2 thing? :O
1400 crystals and some more incoming through the stash. I hope I can buy Loki's and maybe Angela's if it turns out good. Only have Loki rank 4 so Also want some bios for him (her!)
100 gem got me... 5* Seed Uniform wtf! hahaha
good, I had no idea if I was picking Jessica or Sif
her other uni also has a bonus, with +7 sec to the skill so +4 more
Cap Marvel's uniforms got +Skill time for her new 6* skill, +7 for Carol Corps and +4 for Ms Marvel
It seems to be an issue with the Facebook link, if you go to the Future Fight APP PAGE on Facebook and click 'remove' (You can do it on your PC), the game will allow you to log in
Probably because it takes 40 to 'unlock him' as he is a 3* minimum, they don't wanna give you more than you 'need' xP
I find Cap Marvel great fun, and even if you are 60 bios in you can always use them for gear. Other than that I'd go for Silk/Hulkbuster. The 6* Hulkbuster skill is pretty fun, and Silk is pretty good. If you have the new costume or willing to get it, Angela is also a great fun character
I'm also not sure about the 4th gear. But right now I have Stark Backing and it seems to work well on her
Smart Racoon and her 6* don't play well with each other, aka they get replaced by each other
honestly I don't think so, it would require too much micro management in keeping an eye for procs plus you might need the skill before. And a healing ISO isn't too bad, she still takes a lot of damage vs physical, and shields don't play well with her passive so I find her options a bit limited now. But not in a bad way, since the 6* is very good
Only ~some~ U+ bosses. All U bosses are still weak to it. But it is a specific thing, ie: It's great for Beatrix but you could also team retaliate her Drainga has its uses on some fights to help with healing while doing good damage, and it also hits the dark weakness for the very few fights that are weak to it. Bioga helps with poison and is rarely resisted so it's another good option. Sadly I find that Blizzaja tends to be resisted more often than Waterja, and in face when things are weak to ice they tend to also be weak to water.
Quel did and it also got a dmg boost, so I'd argue it's a pretty good summon. If you can't hone Baha, definitly better to do Quel + either Maduin or Vale
I like this, even though your Dismissals are pretty high, it doesn't proc enough to call this a dismissal strategy. I didn't think of Reflect on his Cura as my highest hones are magic based, but I'll give it a shot
I believe Marvel has to approve pretty much anything, at least that is what it is like with other Marvel games, so even describing the Uniform/where it comes from etc would need to be approved and that likely takes more time.
Spiderman 2099 is a different character, if they added Miles they could add Miguel too. And people are throwing out ideas of Amadeus Cho for Iron Spider, so who knows!
Its happening a lot today to me
There isn't much use for Flare right now, and even i fit was unless you could hone it to like R3 I wouldn't even bother
I would say at least get Loki's given his current state. The others are more about what you like. But given Loki's flexibility, boosting him and granting him access to female battles is just too good to pass
I would say it is. 2016 relaunch was supposed to be this big thing that has been in the works for over a year, and yet now half of it is delayed and the other half showcases how rushed it all is. Makes you wonder what they were actually doing when they were supposedly working on this content such as DP's review and Black Cat. Bugs on live still persist and they seem unable to handle different things at a time, ie: fix old bugs and push new content (even if it's on the form of a character), and yet all they do is introduce even more bugs. So unless they get things under control I doubt that most of the people who have stopped playing will come back. The game is becoming very stale and the resuse of hero abilities, environments and mechanics is becoming even more apparent.
terrible money grab. Couldn't even use the opportunity to create new models for both characters/these costumes, and the enemies that they have "been working on for over year"
Nice, in 14 days I can get Kingpin to 5 star and then with the 6* tix I could get him to 6*
nop :( I would love to get Shehulk/Angela or Silk to 5*, but idk if I will be able to buy bios for any of them. Angela is 4*, like 70 shy to 5*. And Shehulk/Silk are 3* but I can't afford x2 of their sales to get them to 5*, so I was thinking instead using the crystals for Kingpin's costume
FFT's banner is also packed, unlike these banners that either split the relics into different chars per banner or put new char's relic1 on 1st banner and relic2 on 2nd banner, Both of the FFT's chars get their x3 relics on ONE banner. So x6 character relics on one banner. And of course one of them is Scream. The others aren't bad either, such as a 40% Hp heal that also gives protect. To be honest, I'm pretty much on the same boat as you. My ff9 synergy is lacking, and I have native wall. While I also have AoE heal, the relics in this banner are good and tempting. BUT I will try my luck vs Beatrix and see how I fair without, if I at least manage to beat her then I won't pull. The next FF9 Even has really good stuff too
Sure! But also keep in mind taste, if you like the characters then go ahead. But the Freya event was already translated and therefor not too far away, and that one has a bunch of SSBs plus the very good Garnet's SSB. So that was what made me feel like waiting instead.
Did you claim it from Inbox fist and then check consumable on inventory? if it isnt there and you lost crystals then definitely send a ticket to support
It's a very good deal if you manage to buy the package, but as mentioned by others, you must be rank 4 to be able to use it.
Just make it Knight 4 DeNa harharhar
How many reta uses? max reta on all?
thx a lot I will give this shot!
higher chance to get speed bios from daily chest I'm guessing is what they are referring to
cause of Red Skull, and i guess the ~wound is fresh~ because of the recent captain america comic book.
no thanks when he was being offered as a bundle with shards before.... I know that might no happen again, but ugh too expensive.
Cool Mom Punk Barbie, I'll probably buy tbh
you can do more than one x11 pull on this banner?
I mean it was free shards and what not, but I would had prefered Orange/Yellow gears instead of green :(
its not like things like this happen every single friday...(they do). sigh i dont get why they dont learn
Buy a "rare chance to collect" they mean buy them? :(
sarcasm + question mark + Unhappy face
no, they already said there won't be one
My honest advice in regards to buying any premium character is: Buy the ones you like. Why? because in terms of gameplay they tend to do more harm than good :(. There's really little benefit to owning them, and with all the 8hr tasks they give them, you end up with more 8hr tasks on your board, you gain less gold (due to them starting at rank 1 and having to increase them to rank 5), and they halt your progress due to needing so much gold and books. So really they are mostly something you must really want rather than something that would enhance your gameplay. So far the only "premium" character that has brought more good than harm is Pepper, and she wasn't really premium. She was also promoted as giving out enhanced missions like premiums, but so far she hasn't. But at least she tends to have her 2hr task give good event items #s.
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :(
Or y'know, it might just be The Defenders as he mentions :P Cap Britain is also part of Mighty Defenders, which includes Rescue, Spiderman (both other versions) but most importantly, Shehulk and White Tiger. Both who are very likely to join the game. But with the Sinister Six basically confirmed, the defenders might join as well
you cant even buy the TUs if you already had them (Iron Man), so you could buy the new Cap one (its different from box one). And sacrifice it for a token, but not the Iron Man since it wont let you :(
well this is great news, right before i go to bed!
well that sucks I will just have to read the story on this. I get really bad motion sickness on first person shooters :( I literally put myself through hell just to finish Fallout 3 lol But that sucks :( , the VR thing was never gonna happen for me anyway :(
Upon seeing the 2 trailers and the demo, I don't think it's necessarily anyone we know. It seems the person will be calling the player through the game, so when he says "She's back" it probably just means that she is calling again :(
why? He is gay. There's even a storyline with him and Loki :P
thats another thing, I have 7* SG and 6* plat sword :F. I'm scared of wasted books
I really don't get this type of comments. This is clearly a set scenario and asking for opinions regarding the expenditure of the limited resource that is Mythril. If you have such a problem with someone asking for input or advice on a topic, that as you yourself say, hasn't been asked due to it being far away. Then why even post here? I really don't get people like you in the reddit, what do they want the reddit to be, just full of PSAs? Megathreads? Show off threads? Whatever, enjoy the game.
It will likely happen, she has been added to every game Loki's been in. That said... Lady Loki is supposed to be Loki in Sif's body, so... awkward
All 3 are solid choices, currently Ghost Rider is probably even stronger than Rogue given gearing and what not. He is also a lot of fun with his AoE builds. Rogue is also a blast to play since you can build her in many many ways, you might enjoy her more since you can literally build her up and dismantle and build her up a different way. And Doom is great too, 3 solid builds and a very fun character too
i added 4 of u guys, wasted 30 stamina trying to get one of you to show up... all 4 show up at the last "refresh". The RW refresh UI update cant come soon enough...
I'm currently using Tyro, Ramza, PCecil, Bartz and the healer changes depending on the relic's i've gotten or really just put whoever for leveling and use a shared medica. I've gotten lucky in basically the team having built itself due to the relics I've gotten. First Tyro's SG, then Pcecil's SSB which is a constant 9999x3. After that I got lucky and got Bartz's Excalibur and that just made the game easy mode. His attack is so strong he usually does 8k+ x5. AND gives me a def 50% buff that stacks with protect, or basically eliminates the need for protect. Then the unthinkable happened and Ramza got both of his Relics (Shout/Tailwind) and basically became the most versatile character allowing me not even bring healer for some fights. And of course, as an emergency cure if needed. Anyway, my point is that I think that the setup you wrote about is indeed an amazing one. At this point I would like: PCecil's BSB, Beatrix's SSB, Garnet's Wizard Rod and Selphie's Dreamstage. Usually my go-to RW is Garnet's Wizard rod for the Res up and Regen, but I'm hoping more options start showing up soon!
oh yea i did that... 30 times :(
127, hoping to get to 150 for the fest. Kuja 2 broke me
I just want updated exp multiplier, i dont even feel like playing with the current one
I finished him with all of them rank 1... full mastery. I did go a bit crazy with my hones tho since I like summoners. Had Alexander/Valefor r5 , Levi/Ultros/Shiva/Ifrit/Ramuh r3, Fat Choco r2. Used Focus RW, have innate Wall and Yuna's Medica + High Regen. Had Hope use the x2 Summon Magic , with Alex/Levi. I actually had times I had to reset because I did too much dmg during phase 2 where I wasn't seeing the 3rd background. My tip is: Go moderate on Phase 1, Go Slow on Phase 2 till you spawn the 3rd orb, then go Hard.
Last I read he said he didn't voice Drax, but didn't say anything about Prof X
Have you guys seen the Lady Loki picture /u/rip_cpu made? https://www.reddit.com/r/avengersacademygame/comments/4p0wdk/dear_tinyco_please_add_lady_loki_as_an_alternate/ Chances of getting her as a costume? ;)
Well he said he did voice Drax, just that it wasn't his voice being used for the game. He is Drax's voice on other games
One last question, would it be possible to let the characters walk through "buildings" like Avenger's Park? It just looks very odd to place it and have roads lead into it and then they just walk back or walk away since they can't "enter" without an action. Also maybe sit on benches? Eat some Shawarma? Have a coffee? Pet Cosmo?
nop, still need 3 abilities with mainly power/wind :(
Damn they put Tyr's BSB in a not so great banner. So I guess #1 and #4 for me
If you like Yshtola that much... sure.... but otherwise I just don't think #2 is great. Specially if you have Thyrus. Since you will likely want to use Stoneskin 2 rather than any of her other SBs
Spidergwen and Iron Jane!
Norman has been an Avenger ;)
My only SBs in this realm are Auron's Shooting Star and Yuna's Hymn. Both are good, but rest of my team is poop. Auron/Tidus/Yuna/Wakka 80, Rikku/Braska/Jecht 65~ Luckily I do have 3 solid X Swords, 1 Dagger and Auron's Katana. But I'm having difficulty setting up the right team. If I only had more wind orbs I could hones some stuff to make them stronger! Damn X roster has no Knight 4*++ I was shocked!!! hahaha I'm guessing everyone is going with Shout RW? I don't have any shared shellga SB but I do have protectga shared SB.
omg I totally forgot Rikku has bard!! Did you save up some uses of Powerchain/FullCharge on Tidus? I can hone both to r2 or one to r3, but have no SB/SSB on him so wondering if you spaced out Tidus' abilities and mixed them in with some normal attacks until you got him to low health? I got Shooting star on Auron so he can take care of some dmg. Wakka for breaks, no SBs. Could give him Protect SB or to tidus. Rikku, got no shared shell sb, but could give her bard shell + Dismissal 8 uses. (No thief's revenge). Yuna has Hymn, so I can do the same. Sorry for the longish post, just having trouble with this Cid Mission.
the #3 brought back painful memories
well since its decor I'm sure they are just gonna say "Here you go a 2nd one, and this time its free" Since last time it cost shards for the boxes. I mean there's so many spider tokens in there too that you shouldn't get if you already ranked him up to 5. But alas you can get them
dang missing 17 myhtril for another 50 :(
oh wow i didnt knew that :/ , spider ham's info even says "he doubles" the evidence... but 0 x 2 = 0
I don't. apparently people who dont have him cant even get evidence just yet. It seems like an already tight race to get all rewards from boxes with Spiderham, let alone without
decor only
Thanks for this, now to save my Mythril for IV and then XI
So the octobots will be there for other buildings too? Wondering if its wondering investing in one of those premium things
Got Ham, Spidey on CW. Ham is almost rank 3, just waiting on some sandwiches. Only Missing Statue on decorations, currently at 4 buggle's (saving them for boxes first). Have already bought 3 boxes. I ended up buying the 1 web/12 hrs thingy, its helped somewhat but I still get 1-2 octos I have to deal with which is kinda annoying. Seems they really wanted you to buy the x3 one.
Probably just like Giant Man was advertised to create the world map thingies on CW event for the entire duration of the event on the faq.... aka nop.
No one knows yet. They say they are used for characters, plural, but there's images of different tokens for other characters. So we don't know at the moment.
Its a bad app. Have had it for so long even have FF1 and FF2 for free there (only reason I havent deleted it) but login in its too much of a pain if you have a software token (Since I play ff14) and on top of that its just glitchy. Square tends to give up on their phone apps, you can tell they want people to use it because of all the promotions and "exclusives" they give it but they won't do anything to make it better. At least give us the option to always be logged in if we want to
really still no carnage? Made us get the bio pack and he is still not getting T2 =/ Yet Moonie and Diapers man gets it so soon!
I usually get x4 or x6 from a single mission. Very rarely is there a 2nd mission at the same time
In all honesty I wouldn't worry too much, if they put the stuff on the crates its because they will likely be obtainable in other forms. This is just something for p2p to have something to do since if you got Spidey in CW you skip a huge portion, and if you buy Ham you jump a huge wall. The boxes are likely there in case you can't buy the decorations so you do end up getting "some tokens" but it does suck some people wont be able to get the decorations.
yea there's several threads on this
sadly there's been stuff thats been used like that such as the ronan generators, crossbones safe, etc. :(
http://www.makinggameofthrones.com/production-diary/got-connections-ned-promise-tower-of-joy-infographic I wanna see the mental gymnastics some people will go to deny this now
Thanks for the image. Sorry to be dense but: Full Break + Power Breakdown + Heroic Harmony(mog) + Banishing Blade (Auron) + Tyro's BSB command, is a thing in terms of stacking?
dont care for lizard, but venom is one of my favs. I'm hoping he has some form of dual-voice over, maybe a muffled Venomified voice and an Eddie voice
The only hero i have seen to really make a use of it outside of pvp where you'll likely have Goat's Mask anyway, is Ranged Deadpool due to his own slot 5 unique that has a large chunk of dmg attached to vs Weakened and the unique being very good, plus his ranged hit not having a well placed Weakened. Don't know about Venom as he is a physical hero which means he has access to far better artifacts. Plus Venom already has weaken on the almost mandatory Infect, which is very good.
This will sadly sell like pancakes, the Symbiote costume has been historically used to great success on many Marvel games to sell the game itself or other stuff. Its like if Jean Grey was on the game and they sold a Dark Phoenix costume. Big comic things tend to do very well. That said, I'm disappointed with the costume. No tendrils or other symbiote like appearance, it might as well just be the black costume Black Cat made for spidey.
These are not new tho, other TinyCo games like Family Guy have them. So we were warned of their eventual implementation. And from what I've read, these are even improved. The thing is, yes 95 shards for 2 webshooters isn't worth it. But that's the point. Its a gamble system, if every item in the chest was worth it then there would be little risk to it. Not saying I approve of the tactic, but its done so that ~they~ end up winning. Ie: putting shards in there make you feel you could somehow end up winning vs the house by even making profit. But in the end you will likely end up using those shards to open even more boxes.
Sadly none, He just makes Evidence drop at a higher % rate and without the need of Wasp.
I didn't say that it was good, and you should watch the southpark episode of "freemium isn't free" if you really think we are not being treated like gamblers. Which ironically, is based on Tiny Co's Family Guy game.
thank you. Wow
No one said it was a Casino. But this boxes are very much a gamble mechanic. This game isn't alone in it, in fact most freemium games have gamble mechanics like this one. Japan even has a law where mechanics like this have to show the % of obtaining x item due to gambling. Sadly North America doesn't so we are left in the blind. For the record, I don't think there's a single person that disagrees with what your post was about. And I personally DO NOT support this type of mechanics. Do i think me not buying this boxes sends a message? sure. Do i think anything will change? no. Why? Because this type of games attract "whales" who go all in in stuff like this. The whole point of my post was to explain to you what the boxes are. They aren't meant to provide a discount for your money. ie: Only items worth 95 shards or more. They are meant to raise the ceiling of their maximum profits. Going by your scenario if they had 10 items at a max of 950 with no filler. Then people would either buy all for 950 or enough till they get what they want. That said, it has the side effect of very clearly becoming a "pay2win" scenario and on top of that it has a ripple effect on the tunning of the event and their profits from other stuff such as people who buy this stuff potentially not speeding up stuff anymore, not paying shards for film, octobots etc. By doing it the way they are doing, they seek to get a higher "average" profit due to the people spending more money than they would otherwise. It might sound very dramatic, but this is indeed gambling and its a psychological trap to get you to think you "win" when you get stuff that would be worth more than 95 shards and have another go. Eventually even if you bought all boxes to get what you wanted you end up with a feeling of "Oh well, at least i'm set for this item and this item and I can use this item to buy this thing, and I didn't want this bobblehead but at least the collection is complete. And hey I got my costume!"
ofc they would have, they buy a license to use the characters. Marvel still has to approove stuff and still gets profits from the game, but ultimately Marvel isn't in a place where they have to ask ppl to make games for them. Devs want to use the Marvel IP for profits. By saying that TinyCo would had to pay a pretty penny for Spidey is simply saying that Spiderman alone raises up the overall roster of Spiderman.
People commented on Spiderman's Oscoin cost being 2099 as an easter egg of Spiderman 2099. He will likely EVENTUALLY make it as his own character. But there's nothing in the datamine that points to him being released during this event at the moment.
yes but you gotta invest on his record dive. He is one of the better monks!
well thing is deadpool has no issues being close, and in fact he is deadlier close. Ranged DP is the #2 best char for the Cable tourny and he stands out when he is close to Cable. Plus you can even use Cutting Room Floor on him you for whatever reason want to trigger melee procs with no dps lose
7 of those books were mine lawl, no curtana or doublet tho :(
ngl but this game did make me stop preordering games so there's that
Aw I liked the humble chilean who is essentially agreeing but due to the fact that they are only recently getting drag in a more mainstream manner. And it is so true, in latin/south america there's so much homophia that people go out of their way to avoid being targeted. So of course not everyone in Chile is going to have the experience that others do. I have a really hot straight friend from brazil who has like the best hair ever and does this amazing hair styles that would give any gay hair envy. And he was showing me pics of his time from Brazil and his hair style was very basic/"normal" done, and I asked him about that and he said that people in the streets or just in general people around him would always target him for insults due to his "gay hairstyles" so he would avoid styling his hair for that reason. I mean something as silly as that got him to experience bigotry, I think that's why we get along so well and why he is so open to gay people. And likewise, I think latin/southamerica is becoming more accepting at a much slower rate of anything LGBT related. But hopefully shows like this inspire more people to become proud of themselves and the drag culture. And I hope the racist bitch in the vid gets thrown under a bus.
Overall nice guide, but I'd suggest talking about the gear/iso choices that suit her in more detail as that is likely the #1 thing people are going to be looking for in guides.
try restarting the game, i got mine on the dot of reset
so i screwed up my SL teams and ended up at 25 barebones, but can T2 one of the following characters. Who would you say is more likely to be able to defeat DD. I have groot available for backup as well. Moon Knight, Black Bolt and Ghost Rider. I was gonna T2 all 3 at some point, just been waiting for the gear custom gear for them. But I have decent ones for any of them if needed be. I'm just worried that Moon Knight won't have enough damage to deal with DD, and while GR has great damage it is mainly on vs villains. Lastly, would you recommend MK uni? I have GRs/BBs but MK's doesn't seem that great.
Geez I thought this was /r/Peoplefuckingdying and was about to see some adorable puppy getting a tiny sweater on. It also reminds me of me being a kid and putting socks on my uncle's rottweiler and him being the most playful and adorable dog ever.
Loki's face is the new Sofa
395 for medkits, ore or a decor. I only need to beat malekith one last time and I actually need keys for the sunthings for Cap Marvel's ranks, so no need for any of them. And as much as I'd like the deco, 395 shards for it? No thanks! good luck if you need the characters tho
nah I'm sure gotg will have another mini event, and likely the spidercharacters will be there for the next spider event. Since silk was already mentioned to come at a later date, and spiderman has so many characters
nah to the movies, I'm sure the movies will have their own characters without the need to rehash the old spider characters
There's plenty of topics on this, but it really depends on what you are gearing your team for and on what (if any) banners we will get for 2nd anniv. There aren't any "totally awesome" banners till then, but there's plenty of good stuff in alright banners like the coming FF13 banner 2 with Cid's BSB
Trust me, the Hela lead was overkill
nop its all rng
Doom can't happen sadly, so I doubt it. Kang and the inhumans are most likely the next step after Thanos
no its probably going to be the next big event. Jocasta was also teased, Ultron famously made a Wasp Body so there's one likely monthly Wasp costume, Vision will likely get the same treatment Spiderwoman did this event etc.
I've never heard anyone rate Minfilia low, if anything people just make fun of the fact she is actually this good in FFRK because in FF14... well let's just say she is there for the fan service.
Because they do different things. Yshtola is mainly a healer who has access to wrath for Wall/BSB/PronShell shenaningans on top of being a great healer. Alp's BSB currently still holds even in japan and keeps getting better due to spells like the 6* smn, and he doesn't need hones to use them. Minfilia is a great character, but it all depends about how you fit her. You don't need 2 supports and having FB + either Power or Magic BDown is usually enough. And both M.Bdown and P.Bdow and very important so having to wait to access them can be troublesome. She is just more of a character that you have to figure out how to make her join your team rather than Alph (who has content where he will stand out, as well as being great on any team) and Yshtola well she is a whm and one of the 3 great whm BSBs. They are just different roles, and Minfilia's isn't specific enough to really shine. She is good with her BSB, but doesn't really do anything new.
I'm pulling on Banner 2 at least once, but I kind of want on Banner 1 due to the +Element gear. I know Ice isn't the best ever element in the game in terms of boost, but it is one of the two +Ice armors available. Already have Cid Gloves and Ashe's bodysuit for the other elements, but the other stuff doesn't hurt. Hmm...
3 new characters, I hope on of them is spiderwoman...! But while we have become spoiled with the big updates with lots of characters, I do hope this one comes with more than one rework!
I guess someone had to take over from Lightning guy
well i was done with this event, just glad i didn't stop getting keys. Too bad i did stop getting ore There's also a shehulk one, not sure what the quest was since it just autocompleted and gave me the bobble
fairly sure i'll miss the america one, it's way too rng for only 2 days left. I don't think i ever got that many power attacks in the time i fought malekith
My game keeps crashing whenever Bartz (enemy) uses Light of the Four :( . I've tried everything and it keeps crashing there, dunno what to do. I'm guessing no one else is having this issue
i did, also reinstalled but the same thing is happening. I remembered I have the game linked on bluestacks so i guess i'll try to do the fight there! so weird tho, it's never happened before
seems like 4hr for 1
My guess is that one of them is for sure America Chavez, and I hope than one of the other two is Spiderwoman. My guess for the final one is either Medusa or Kate Bishop
Can anyone please use the helpful resources where this information is well organized and displayed? thankyou https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y5_YGiQYfiYXUORqCeKoEcMGevm77_HqGXXyDbKrQpU/edit#gid=720861082
Spiderwoman would be the most unique character we have gotten in a while, she has nothing to do with Spiderman nor fights like him and the other 3 spider characters we got.
if you have a screenshot your best bet is to send it to support
post was edited, it implied that ares was a prize for the event itself
What? The interview mentions that Ares is part of the hangout system which isn't a part of the event itself. And if you are talking about the post, the post used to imply that Ares was part of the grand prize of the even mentioned in the interview, but was later changed to include the information regarding the hangouts and made it clear that Ares was linked to the hangouts.
tough to even consider this after the black friday + xmas sales
yea but she isn't being used to promote the new diverse "Marvel Now". Those 3 are the prominent ones in Marvel's promo along with Ms Marvel who is already in
As per this clue my guesses are: 100% sure America Chavez 70% sure Kate Bishop And the last spot is likely: Riri Williams, Moon Girl, Nadia Pym
Mayday Parker
Because the interview states that he is the eventual reward for the hangout. This isn't me denying or stating anything other than what was said in the interview, in a thread about interview analysis...
GTA V 733
Lockjaw will likely happen eventually, but I doubt any of the others will make it. And who knows if Zabu is able to be used since it hails from the Savage Land, and therefor X-men rights territory
My guess is you'd have to have some massive hones that might not even be worth it in terms of effort and materials used. Lack of mitigation, boost, high medica and haste are also a big issue since these piglets are no joke in terms of magic damage and damage taken
what?
Thor and Jane Foster are too different people tho, like how Miles and Peter Parker are different people...
i still need his insta, any updates? &gt;_&gt;
sigh, yes it's been posted only a dozen times
no, posts get deleted
There's like 5 other Universal Hero that can do much better than Hyperion and faster. And Blast male is doable with others as well. You can even get 100k with Loki on Universal Villain.
It depends on what you are fighting and your mag boosts. For the most part just chaining onto itself is better. There's a whole thread about Tiamat, so I'll let that slide. But the use of Tiamat on ST fights vs simply using C1 &gt; C1 is honestly questionable.
Fun Fact: It works in every language!
Would get wasted on Silk since she has high dodge and capable of caping easily. Elsa has her shield and movement to help her out as well.
Well, that confirms Kate So I guess Riri + Kate and I'm guessing something Cap oriented tomorrow will reveal America
My money is on America, but yea Nadia does have a chance as well. But it'd be weird to get Nadia considering she is not much different than the Wasp we have, but then again we also got Cho
So... If I have gotten every hero and caged every villain, there's nothing to do right? My villains are even still on their cages
mine is still not upgradable yet, can't even see the old requirements
And in the eyes of NM he still is a tank. For some reason they neglect how spiky the damage is, and think that +Defense and damage negation (not inmunity) helps. Hence why Venom is hurt since even his T2 gave him outdated mechanics. On top of that, Venom has the "privilege" of requiring low hp to deal optimal damage and that's just not viable in this game environment.
lol i hope he posts this on insta
well i'm here to convince you to get him. Reason is, this is the 3rd time he has come back and his price remains the same. So that at the very least gives some piece of mind in that you aren't going to get shafted (hopefully) by a lower cost later on. If you are missing anything from this event, then at the very least you also get a bonus. He was the last character I was missing and I had shards from the sale, so I said oh well!
do you have a screenshot of the CS ticket? They haven't gotten back to me, and it'd be nice to have some solid evidence on it. Plus it's nice to know which representative answered, since we have gotten incorrect info from them before
Pulled x3 of his SSB weapon and I was surprised how good it was. He can dish out so much damage with LS + CB w/ Ace Striker. The BSB will be alright for longer/specific fights. But the fact the SSB is instant and adds a high chance of Interrupt is also pretty good
Yes we have in the megathread. The wording of the event and the fact that articles and interviews have led to misinformation and incorrect wording, is what prompted people to ask support about this. Specially since the FAQ does not mention it. And we just had this happen last event: https://www.reddit.com/r/avengersacademygame/comments/5hp2lb/psa_no_boost_with_thor_costume_confirmation/
Well, keep in mind that they mention that some of the characters will only be able to fight during some of the bosses. So my advice would be to not shard attack/hp TOO MUCH. But a little. That's really the only way to get the cage/keys since you have to constantly beat the boss to get enough items. So probably get as much health/atk on your top 3 characters while also sending some characters to train and fight as much as you can till get either 10 keys (for the box) or you can keep going and try and get the cage.
always check the megathread first.
So much information missing
Thanks, I just heard back from them as well confirming this phew! They also said Winter Soldier and co will be upgradable as the event progresses
oh wow no America, and we getting medusa!?
that 6 &gt;3 cancel on &gt;2 combo is unmatched, my strange has a 200% dmg proc and the amount of times I get 100% on WBI due to killing the WBI boss in less than 2 secs is growing.
Everyone was looking for Malekith's head, never bothered to look under the floor
Mine is rank 2 since civil war so not sure, but can confirm that he isn't upgradable past that yet
In most cases you will get more out of LS, specially if you have some crit up or the enemy is weak to lightning. If you were fighting something with high defense and not weak to lightning, then CB might pull ahead
you gotta have something linked like your ios/play account or your facebook
You are not taking into account popularity and the willingness for people to buy into the characters though. Kate Bishop has quite a big fanbase, I myself have never really cared much for her, but she is undeniably popular and NM is bound to make more money having her as her own character. Riri is honestly a gamble because unlike Gwenpool who literally came to be due to her popularity, Riri is brand new to the Marvel Universe and she hasn't even had time to be fleshed out, so who knows how she will turn out as NM is likely going to have a lot of freedom in terms of her powers.
Because Kate Bishop is a popular character that people want to play as. By your logic, why would people shell out money to buy 750 shards and not just get it for free in 30 days at 25 shards a day. Kate also has different costumes, and is featured in her own comic for Marvel Now, so it's more likely that she will gain costumes as she goes by rather than having a "2nd kate bishop costume" for Clint
Full Charge, idk what i was on
Riri has some crazy looking skills, I'm pleasantly surprised!
If you like the Bio sub characters... then you get the bio sub. I'm sorry but it is that simple, they are creating content that people who pay a minimum premium can enjoy. The sub is not at all expensive and is a monthly optional thing that has no other benefits than giving you 20 bios a day. I just don't see "stacking" as an issue, because there's already ways to get around that. You can save up and get mega 6 tix and boom, 1 day and you have one of the sub characters at 6*. And again, if you wanted a character badly enough then you'd buy it. Buying the sub is no different. Also, the example you have about Carnage, he got lucky with his T2. Because Carnage was added before T2s were a thing, and before that while he was still good, he could not "beast through all modes". They are also taking their time now to remake characters and retune them, something that doesn't give them necessarily a profit. So instead of focusing on the "Oh, what if at some point I want a sub character but then there's too many", maybe focus on all the good stuff they are doing for the F2P characters. tl;dr: * If you want a sub character badly, you pay for it. * There's ways to get around waiting several months for several sub characters. So no real "stacking" issue. * They are retuning old characters and doing a lot of stuff that can be obtained for free. So releasing 1 thing a month for paid customers, shouldn't overshadow all the work being done "available for everyone for free"
She seems like an excellent 6* for shadowland, her T2 is essentially a damage boost but her survival isn't anything in the levels of Universals/Combat/Blasts so if you were expecting her to be the Speed OP, think again. Got lots of stun to stun lock. If I'd compare her to a character it would be Songbird since the strenght of the character falls in their CC abilities.
You can use selectors on her, so in a way she is a more farmable character than a bunch others. On top of that, if you don't even pay attention to her you will have her at 6* eventually. That's how I mysteriously got Cho to 6* without ever playing him lol
i guess you just don't read
Yea I know, I wanted Satanna to be Villain and then get a Hero costume. With Daimon being Hero but then a Villain costume, but alas they made them both heroes even tho Satanna's costume is akin to her Villain role
I T2'd her instantly since she was paywall and had a mega t2. Overall she doesn't even need the heal proc because she is inmune so much through her skills and her inmune buff. Her 5* is her biggest issue, it's such a LONG skill. I think dmg proc obelisk is a MUST for her, because her animations are long and the damage is good but not enough for the long animations. She is essentially a safer Yellowjacket with a bit less damage. Tested with 6* (some awakened iso's) with Hawkeye set (32% dmg) and everything else properly geared minus a custom gear. Easily came on top on WBI and CoOp and did Corvus fast as well, but yea the animations are far too long to not have a DMG proc gear to take advantage of.
the dmg proc I mean is the 1 time to increase dmg % since it works better on bursty skills and multi hit skills, which she has many
Yes, and it's actually better to do so since the skill isn't much dmg and the animation actually lasts 4 secs
not really, I mean I still recommend a 5sec invuln obelisk on him to let him recover and reduce the cd and essentially become a better version of Iron Fists. But he can still be taken out like Carnage. With the costume he does easily become the 2nd best Combat Supervillain tho.... (not like there's much competition tho :P)
You made a thread about uniforms in spite of all the other threads already reviewing them and didn't bother to even check what changes in the uniforms? Cho gets a whooping 40% Atk boost on his 6* and you don't see a big change? Rulk literally gets a massive survival bonus that let's him dish out damage without issues.
ok ill try this on my last pull, against all common sense i'll make one last pull even tho i have gotten everything on that banner except for the claws :(
The whole thing reads as, "It doesn't affect me so it's alright". Specially the gold part, I can't believe that's something that comes from an "official" source. Basically an FU to new players or anyone intending to try the game.
Wouldn't call Buzzfeed "Impactful Journalism", but hey, Fox New is defending CNN so anything is possible I guess.
I personally don't have an issue with the uniforms needed per se, IF the system was meant as a way to specialize in a few characters. But we all know this is just the powercreep train rearing it's head before the next batch of difficult content comes. And we can see the signs, due to them letting us get "more bios" through WBI. BUT my biggest concern is in the fact that we can't transfer our stuff from costume to costume within the same character. That's just plain and simple greedy and counters any claims of "for the costumer" they might have. We all know Black Panther is getting another costume at some point, so asking people to invest in Black Panther's Civil War costume only to render it useless when they release a new one is a low blow. If they simply allowed to transfer stats from one hero's costume to another costume of that same hero, then I wouldn't have as much of an issue with the system because it would then do what they are claiming the system to be. To let you "specialize" in specific heroes.
Bianca is a master of turning the tables tho, because she does actually constantly bomb a joke or two and then she will turn it around and make people laugh for not laughing. Like every time she makes a Selena joke or jokes about a touchy subject where people will either boo or just not laugh, that takes a lot of guts lol
If they did that the amount of tokens would likely be proportionally higher though. We like to assume that "tokens" are the better way to level up characters after events, but the real issue is the lack of gold from missions.
Wow you replied to this just now? Lmao . This was after the election before full counting was done, and I'm Canadian. But l recommend you find something to use that free time on instead of digging old posts! Best of luck henny xx
This.Is.Hilarious.
looks nothing like him even in jill valentine standards of redo
yeh, Jack and Marg seem like they were actually good people.
I mean, a file in game (re7) literally mentions the companies that are behind the project and who Lukas is talking to but the files has BLANKS over the names and any information that is "top secret", so you can't see the names even though they are referenced in-game
Not sure, I didn't save it but the uploader seems to still be uploading stuff
the same guy who leaked the whole gameplay on vids, his stuff is being taken down frequently but that was the latest vid he posted. Don't have any live links
if you aren't going all the way, it isn't worth it imo. Also, you better pick either your favorite character/costume combo or one of the latest costumes because the second that character gets a new costume, the last one will likely be useless.... I wanted to upgrade Cap Marvel but figured she is due another costume very soon, specially with Marvel putting her front an center now. I upgraded Red Hulk, and while his dps got better it isn't a game changer. So yea, the system can be quite punishing
"Why aren't you smiling? Let me change that!"
3/11 Rinoa's Twin Viper (I thought no OSBs?) Red Scorpion (Yay finally an 8 hastega) Holy Shield (XIV) (Sigh i have like 12 of these) lol
yea but it's never stated
pls don't do an octobot type of event, the line about invading helper robots sounded like the octobot fiasco :(
Ultron is very likely going be freemium, so keep that in mind
she dies almost right after after the girl "telpathically" kills her or something, don't know how to explain. But yea it makes no sense lol
should just contact support, is likely something went off when you leveled and had the costume. Probably not programmed to "re-increase" the drops after u level. Hope they help, cause i'm half way there! :(
Robocap is hard, I got a max Lucky and streak 4 is as far as he can go in 1 shot. Could defeat 5 in 2, but not worth it due to hard it is to get 2 wrenches at that point. So now I need to wait to unlock Widow and Kate and level them in order to defeat the following streaks. By this I'm trying to say that while there is a source for purple helmets, it is likely that unless you invest in the fighting portion, you won't get many wins vs robo cap. Like wise, simply getting the cap statue won't mean you will have an easier time getting to streak 7 for the costume. There's no "Do all" generator as they all kind of compliment each other since in order to be able to fight you need to train soldiers, which the Cap Statue is good for. But then you need Credits if you want to use the rewards from fighting since the rank ups are pricy for example. And in order to get the first rank ups/items you need purple helmets.
well I see it this way: Buying generators is because you have a goal in mind, someone who might not be willing to invest too much in the event can buy the Currency Generator to make sure they have enough currency for maybe 1-2 rank ups and the "essential" items needed to progress. Maybe at the end you can even buy some of the other optional stuff. The Purple Helmet one is like the Halloween Generator or the Winter Generators, this can be a hit or miss depending on how the next weeks are handled. I think everyone remembers the Red Decos on the winter event right? They were hard to get and that particular generator made things a lot easier. Also, just because it has "Week 1 items", it will likely still be used on the first rank ups of other characters as well as part of decorations. This type of generators are more on the lines of making things easier. The Cap Statue generator is pretty much about getting to fight faster, but it won't do you much good if you aren't willing to invest in the fighting portion. Since F2P are likely only gonna be able to do streak 1-3, maybe 4 on last day. So going past 4 will require to spend additional shards on skill ups or rushing things. If you are set in getting hawkeye or the costumes, then your best bet is to buy the Cap Statue Generator plus measure spenditure on the fights. Between normal gameplay and fighting the streaks this should net you enough currency and helmets to progress. But of course it all depends if TinyCo decides to lock skill ups based on ranks. I wouldn't buy medkits at all btw, they increased the price of them yet again and this time around they made it worse because getting 2 wrenches takes a lot of time. So medkits are essentially pointless this first week.
What I meant was that he won't be behind some requirement like Cap marvel, electro or Punisher
to be fair, she simply stands at the stark tower like her other action where she stands at the stark tower
So much that you are better off just buying the Mega 2 pack and getting the T2 tix for free
my guess is that since Valentine isn't really an "arc" villain and more of a long running one, they have to fuel the reason for him being there and the heroes not just essentially catching up to him and defeating him. So likely Clary + Jocelyn will have some sort of roll with Valentine offering to bring her back or even doing so without consent
As many of us wonder, we have no idea. Which is why I always find people complaining about the tix, puzzling since I use them so much yet I have so many
ill pass till currency is more widely available xP
If they made Groot usable on his own with that Combat costume? Sure! Same deal with a Warwolf costume, there's just not much point to use these characters outside of their support roles. I've been working towards getting Wasp pretty geared up since she has solid stuff, but offensively her ceiling is pretty low. So it's a similar issues with Groot, not much he can do outside of the healing buff + T2 heal
You don't need them to, that's why Hela is good on shadowlands. And we are talking about him being good in damage, he is an amazing support. Hence OP asking about a costume that doesn't do anything to increase his current role, as support.
From what has been revealed, "Daughters" is the only one that interests me. I mean, I wouldn't mind playing all of them but I don't feel they are worth the season pass price. Maybe steam will have a sale eventually and I'll get to play them.
Well, first you should check if there are other 6* you are interested in because Vali will surely clash with some. That said, I don't see a point in Neo since the times you'd want to actually use a 6* rank 1 summon like Vali is when it hits weakness. Otherwise even on Neutral you are better off just spamming Alphi's CMD 1 in single target fights. Valigarmanda on Alphinaud is essentially placed in a window where: -Fight is Multiple Targets -Alphinaud's Magic is less than 1191 with buffs -Resist/Absorb Wind If the fight is single target, you are better off with cmd 1. And if you are running a mage party and your magic is ridiculously high and the enemy doesn't resist wind, then Tiamat will do more damage
not anytime soon unless you farm or have farmed at least 1 in the upcoming VII cloud bsb2 ultimate.
I usually use a 17 gears Volstagg to solo a combat stage, he is very tanky and once you get used to him you can use him pretty easily to Invuln + Get his summons to draw attention + Reflect dmg back and then use his 5* to get a big iframe window
Bios will always be needed, and the uniform system made sure of that. You will never be "safe" to not get bios for a hero thanks to that system. Sure you can simply not wait around for your hero to get a costume or simply take no part of the system, but eventually the next enhancement/tier/new system will come and bios will be needed again :/
Which one?
omgggg my pulls: 100 - Lambent Hat 1/11 - OSB 1/11 -Mythril Gun 3/11 - OSB + Mythril Gun + Luminous Robe
Holy Swords for everyone or the Holy Sword to rule them all!
Because the people who hit 30 were unable to collect more. If you were at 29 it means you simply didn't have either enough time to get more, or couldn't due to whatever obstacle. But for example, I had hit 30 extremely early on in the week and went on to get both Lucky and Kate to rank 5 as well as get the pizza house. Which means I defeated so many robots that at a certain point there was no real point to continue due to not getting my Arrows rewards that I should had gotten. tl'dr: You were able to continue getting arrows, people who hit 30 because of Lucky couldn't. Essentially making Lucky's bonus not a real bonus.
I haven't, but in the past even the normal card chest had a chance to give you up to mythical paid cards. So I'm guessing this one can give you even some of those variant ones only found on the paid chest. But anyway, good luck on the pull!
It's good on alphinaud!
I got Ultima to r3 because my mage team didn't have access to a multi hit darkness ability outside of Metmaorphosis. And I love it, specially since +Dark stuff is so common. And it has the fastest animation for dailies. If I need to hit Earth, I just use Fat choco tbh. Bahamut is kind of a waste at this point because you are likely to have stuff to go around resists. Tiamat is great even at 2 hits, but getting the 3 hits is tough and if you get your magic that high then you likely have a very well heared Black Mage Summoner who likely has access to a strong BSB. Anyway, I choose Ultima because it's the only source of non-SB aoe Dark Damage.
the spiderwoman one :( been asking for it since the game started! and the fact she got a costume as a premium character only intensified my need for that costume!
Ravioli - Katya
I would say Zell's BSB over Eiko's, if only because you are likely to either waste Eiko's BSB as a 1st turn just for the crit or by the time she gets enough SB the fight is close to over. Sadly Zell's BSB is gone for now :(
I doubt it. They usually only do that if there's a large maint within the event time. And it's been a while since they've given more tokens for free, specially since they added tokens as part of pack purchases. I also doubt we will get an update until after the event is over. But you can always wait till the last day and hope you can buy some tokens if needed?
I wouldn't consider Wiccan over Mordo/AnicentOne. Even songbird is somewhat better. Depending on your roster I'd say Ancient One, she needs any dmg boost she can get and she is incredibly good in any mode with how high her survival is. So if you build her right, with dmg+ stuff she can take on anything. Mordo is somewhat similar to Wiccan in that they both don't exactly need their t2's to stand out in Shadowlands, but they will get about the same WB kills. Songbird essentially gets better at what she does. Idk how your other blasters look like, but I don't think any of the ones you have at 20 is needed at T2. Only Ancient One gets a nice boost at T2. So if you aren't dying for another T2 Blaster, I'd say wait it out.
The calculator is your best bet in this situation that way you can see what is the minimum you'll need to beat s6 ans s7 to get Viv, which is the best option since you are going for the costume.
You don't HAVE TO pull on any of these banners, and if CMs are your main concern then you can prioritize making sure you have either a hastega or a media in said realms. At least a medica really. Also just because you don't have synergy in a realm, doesn't exactly make it necessary to pull if the banner isn't good enough. It's easier to plan if you already have an A team and then you are just trying to figure out how to do CMs (if you care about them). I don't know what your A team looks like or if you are physical/mage/or mixed, but if you have a good team already then pretty much all of these can be skipped if you already got a good team. There's good relics on each of these banners, but without a clear plan as to what you want/need there's no point dropping mythril in them.
I really doubt we will get a T2 Patch and instead the next update with the Elsa/Medusa costumes + Lunela and Kid Kaiju after the current event ends. But I do wish Kingpin and Dr Ock would get their T2s already.
wasn't it at 75k yesterday? sounds doubtful, 100k is too much if people aren't interested. Plus reddit is not the place where you want extra votes as people here likely already liked the thing
I have all at 5 :S , but I think the issue is about how much you can fight. The generators are useless if you can just fight the highest streak over and over. Investing on skills &gt; anything else it seems for this event.
I disagree, and this is about what the topic originally asked: "Is this the worst even for ranking up?" I would have to strongly say no, because getting to streak 7 alone gets you 90% of the materials to rank a character up. Is streak 7 obtainable for F2P? Likely not. But that's what TinyCo has been doing for a while now. So this isn't defending TinyCo but setting up your own expectations as F2P. At the end of the day you are gonna have to make a choice as to how you spend your limited resources to get what you want to get, and whether new sources or higher amounts drop in later weeks is kind of irrelevant since the original source of these items was on each of the weeks. It's like the Aforce event, some people decided to stop killing Malekith 1 in favor of hoarding items for next week, and that ended up hurting them because Red Ornaments became so hard to get whereas have you kept farming Malekith 1 you'd be done with them pretty easily.
When did I claim as such? The title of the post is literally "Is this the worst event for ranking up?" and there was no mention of this being a F2P post. This is not the worst even for ranking up by far. I'll take this over the mess the Daredevil event was or the RNG heavy A-force one. This isn't a P2P vs F2P thing if that's what is in your head, but simply complaining that F2P has issues getting something on week 2 isn't productive when things have changed over weeks. Like the Dr Strange event kept adding different ways to get Rank up items, from Boss Defeats to minion defeats.
this was a weirdly edited episode tbh, it felt disjointed every now and then. Specially the sad scenes for 1 min and then we see Izzy almost orgasming? lol idk how to make it sound less... yea. Also the demon was pretty cool... and then it dies. Wish we had seen more!
None of these seem like game changers, most dissappointed on Kingpin and Jessica Jones being treated as the "Lite Luke Cage". Dock Ock seems interesting, specially SSM since he is likely a very safe costume to invest on. Pretty funny they made SSM essentially the spider-killer with that web resist passive. Luke has potential if built right with a perfect Obelisk that includes 5 sec invuln, but his damage didn't get much of a boost so that is worrisome. Destroyer seems super lazy.
Probably, but he isn't going to survive long enough for the reflection to kill the opponent vs bursty characters. And with his heal being based on getting hit, he really needs to be able to "survive" in order to heal to be able to survive. If that makes sense lol
I used to think Dolphins were the cutest animals in the world. Then I saw those vids of them using Fish, Bottles and humping women... and yea I'm sure this Dolphin wanted more than just a pat on the back
Sadly the Pros of whm are easily countered by "...but AST"
You are assuming country pop superstar trixie mattel will have time for AS3
Sigh. The reason I get invested in series from Netflix is exactly the opposite of this. I have confidence that shows won't be canceled out of the blue and given a proper end. Even freaking Hemlock Grove got a proper end. This show was fantastic. I get that it was expensive, but c'mon netflix. Is it too much to let them have a special to end the show? I just find it difficult to give them credit on new shows after this.
warlock literally got a 10hr mission added today. who is in charge of this stuff?
Valentina because besides the obvious win, I just want to see how extra her prance will be
that damn starlin is till not able to :((
yaaas jeaaaan
i mean if the drop rate is like gotg costumes then the luggage will be the hard part
i thought someone was gonna throw alexis under the bus by handing her that look, but nop, she did it haself
i think she will win
Alexis truly doesn't see herself the way everyone else does huh
I'm literally dumping all my resources on Jean, sadly not 70 yet so no#1
aw! this was pre-dragrace and ppl already were loving her! That trade in the front row was entranced by her cucu
The pearl one was hilarious, it was like Ru was saying: "Okay bitch, haven't been able to get anything out of you so here's your most painful memory, give me something"
ffs the trolls using atk at last minute are out in full force
patch notes will likely come today at 9~11pm PST, with the maintenance being at 11pm PST on tuesday.
Also: Jean has a shitload of popular costumes, so i'm guessing they are gonna keep her OP for the time to come
I was waiting for the update to hit to renew my bio sub, so glad I waited cause like what is the point now? lol If the paid sub can't even get me new characters now
Problem with iframes is that they are a double edged sword. Like I get what you mean, but at the same time if we don't have iframes then "flashy" powers tend to be a no go. Just look at regular groot's 6*, he needs iframes cause that 6* kills him.
Celebrities will be waving back tho
The minimum amount of time possible. We won't know if there are any actual time barriers, but whatever the price is to have her people will get her asap
eh they already teenagefied a nazi, who puts mutants in concentration camps. So they can work anything into cute &amp; cuddly
lmao that's really all i can say
and they say we don't need a butt slider
you still gotta rank him up eventually
they reset characters not matches
Ya and if you have the Magneto extra mission any of the xmen can assist and you get some extra bios from them alongside like 20 of magnetos
lol maybe eventually, but like those are the characters we can already get for free so what's the point? It would suck to eventually have them be useless cause you have no one else to spend them on other than those 4. They should just had added those 4 bios to the normal selector and call it universal selector or something. Would even save them the long ass notice of "This bio selector doesn't affect half the cast" everytime they mention a sale or selector.
not even gonna ask how you got 2k crystals
You didn't think that a 50% chance to crit with no gear or anything isn't crazy good? Wolverine is pretty beastly, he is just not gonna end up being geared the same way everyone else is. In fact I'm sure it will end up being Jean + Wolv/Sharon/Strange. A good Sharon with the new costume just takes out Dormammu or strange easily. The shield piercing from wolv and Jean however will be her demise
why 3 days? I'm sure in about 5hrs we will see our first Jean
i forgot but you have to do Wiccan's Special mission for some of the quests (2), so you get some dialogue about it. I'm willing to bet next update is the brotherhood
Veiled mission has them in the epic quest
so in like 4hrs?
That's what they have been for for like what, 2 years?
yep, her costs seem similar to odin/thanos but with the new materials
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11yyMfAJdaLujNME_WJ37sqxI7VLpsP8kZX0Z_PZPa7U/htmlview?sle=true#
She needs any type of bio/xgene you can feed her, and on the same level as dorm/odin/thanos. Her first rank is 300 feathers, then 600, then 800, and idk the rest since i ran out of feathers. I didn't pay attention to the mastery :S
Some tips: Mags and Jean missions in the "veiled" section of the epic quest: x2 fights each, each fight seems to drop 20~ feathers and some mkraan crystals. So basically you can get 80~ feathers per day. Mags' premium mission seems to drop 30~40 feathers per fight and you can do it twice. So you are looking at 140~160 feathers per day with the premium mission. Also: Skip the missions that require the new materials! they cost like 500 shards to skip vs buying the pack, which imo is overpriced
Mkraan Crystals, (basically chaos norn stones for mutants) Mkraan shards are the regular items
Sure over 3 months that I haven't spent anything so I guess I'm glad they didn't add anything that enticed me that much :P I mean she is my favorite marvel character so no regrets here!
I'm sure he is great but he needs feathers to upgrade his gears so I'm not gonna touch him till I finish Jean
i didnt pay attention but I still have quite a bit in my inventory so I guess i got many. I blame NM for making it mkraan shards and mkraan crystals, plus making them look so similar. Plus it doesnt even make sense since there's only one singular Mkraan Crystal in the marvel universe! :P
Exactly!
You can but the rate is 4:1, so it's pretty bad. And you can only convert a few depening on your lab's level. Like mine is level 7, which is the "optimal" and I can only convert 10 feathers a day
I would definitely get Odin since he is the fastest clearer and overall good. But as someone who hoarded and has Odin/Thanos/Dorm and some BO, I'm just gonna keep hoarding cause I'm sure they will end up adding another BAM character at some point.
you need t2 mags, only beast rank 5 is needed for wolv
No clue, i know you get 100 feathers from the quest itself but that only bumps you to about 3600 There's the chance that there might had been flash sales of feathers, or also that some people are cheating, but i have no clue where extra feathers come from
I got the costume on sunday, with no spending other than Bucky and now have both cap2099 and bucky at rank 3. This first week has been amazing imo , but i guess it sucks you got bad RNG.
Thor is really easy, even been farming the last streak so it was just the heroics that took time. I guess I got good rng cause I only had ti fight like 17 times to get the items
fk i want this but i dont wanna buy the expansion again since i barely play on ps4 now :S
Yea I guess living in delusion is finally impossible
They basically certify your whale status and then send you rewards every now and then alongside with "exclusive" news.
This isn't true. "Senior VP Tom Brevoort has said, simply, “If you had two things, and on one you earned 100% of the revenues from the efforts that you put into making it, and the other you earned a much smaller percentage for the same amount of time and effort, you’d be more likely to concentrate more heavily on the first, wouldn’t you?” " http://comicbook.com/2015/06/05/marvel-comics-is-not-marvel-licensing-the-x-men-and-fantastic-fo/ Sharing of the profits from licensing xmen/f4 was always the issue and the reason why Marvel was against adding Xmen to games, since they wouldn't gain 100% profits from whatever the merc/game was. I mean it's no surprise we suddenly have several Xmen movies and tv shows, and at the same time seeing them open the xmen up in games. Clearly something went down behind the scenes where maybe Marvel gave Fox more profits for tv/movies whilist marvel gets to keep the merchandising profits for the characters
So fest is supposed to have banners right? and with the XV event in-between, I'm guessing Noctis OSB won't be on the banners. It would be interesting if Dena actually decides to put Cloud's USB in there instead of Noctis'
Play off/on, it's YOUR game. You don't have to play all the time and you don't have to play every day. I do at least login and do some daily stuff for alliance, but other than that I do take breaks. I just don't push myself to play something that doesn't interest me, which is why maybe you are burning yourself out.
I would say Kid Kaiju &gt; Kate &gt; Elsa &gt; Gwenpool/Groot/Rogue
The relic LMs are entirely different LMs from those in the grid. Like if you went through the grid and unlocked 2 tyro's SBs, but Wall was only from sentinel grimoire.
It seems like you are trying to pick up a fight or vent, so I'm just gonna say that my post was simply a friendly suggestion based on what you asked and move on cause I ain't got time for that.
All I see is Violet's dress and I wonder why they even put her on it
i heard it was raja and delta tho
All i got from this is that Ru ain't surprised about anything
I think it'd be hilarious if he pulls a katya on the s9 crowning and calls Val's name right before announcing the winner and asks her for water. You know a couple gays would actually pass out
Maybe you collected 1500 after the reset without realizing, but I have been able to collect with no issues. Keep in mind they increased the number of assemble points you receive and send, so reaching the limit is much easier now
same reason they don't want people to go to school or get education. Harder to tell people "we are gonna lower you taxes" and have them believe that that's exactly what it means and that all is good and not that if you lower something, economy is gonna fk you up somewhere else.
no her defense will do nothing, it's the HP but for Sharon her ceiling is pretty low to have an impact. So it's more so for Jean
I mean you can't really focus on getting LM relics. And while BSBs have some use, not all are amazing, likewise for LMs. USBs also get overhyped, there's some really terrible ones coughyshtolacough
Team: 28,902 Vaan: 6992
nobody does
So one look outdoes everything she has done on the show and outside of the show, aka every single working day. oh ok ok
lmfao if they are choosing #3 and #4 between those two, like it should be the opposite with the current top 2 fighting for 3rd. But if it's true then I guess it was fixed for yknowwho
ugh honestly, like no one can literally say anything bad about Pepp cause she is so likeable but gurl, she did not do better than Trinity and Shea.
We all know how it's gonna go down. Peppermint wins, Sasha is being used to make it seem like things are even. Everyone gags at the two frontrunners getting the boot. Show makes headlines about how progressive it is, "Rupaul's drag race crowns first openly transgender queen" yadayadayada, people hate on Pepp winning over shea/trinity, Ru gets to post quotes about how people are being transophobic or afraid of change etc etc. This whole season has been edited to be super political, and it's great because drag queens are indeed about shaking the system. But try as hard as the edit did, Peppermint did not do top 4 worthy. But I guess if the show is indeed trying to get AS3 going sooner rather than later, then it's also obvious they want more queens people will watch for rather than fillers. Worst part is, Peppermint isn't even winning because she is a trans queen. Peppermint is winning because the show wants to use her as a headline.
look at val's tagged pics, 10 mins ago someone had a small vid of something that happens (purposely being vague to avoid having to mark with spoilers). also strangely Aja's nudes are in there
yes it seems they took it down, but it was 2 queens being positioned for something [lipsync](/spoiler)"
Can't tell you that one since it's a friend, but if you know how to save vids from stories i can try and get it
no clue lol, i was just scrolling thro Val's pics and there's a pic of aja nude tagged there
So Black "I hate Fags" Chyna and Katy "You are so Gay" Perry , get celebrated. Oh boy drag race sure loves to take 1 step forward and 2 step backwards this season. Surprised they didn't just replace Ru with Wendy.
So is she gonna be another Aja that ppl hype as an assassin then she gets to S10 and kills nobody?
her entrance was fabulous
lol this is exactly how everyone feels about it, even pepp flairs are in disbelief
insterpicofshea&amp;sashareactingtoAlexiscommentbutwithTrinity'sfaceinsteadofSasha's.jpg
i dont think anyone thinks Sasha is undeserving, it's the fact that it's between her and the undeserving queen who they didn't get to top 2 for nothing
Actually I think this is the only way to accurately describe Season 9, sorry it ain't a gif: http://i.imgur.com/djbabqD.jpg
I don't think there will be transphobia here, on twitter? Absolutely, ppl post whatever shit with no repercussions over there. But sadly I think that's why it's being done in a way, sweep the controversy over the actual merits of the winner under the transphobia rug. I just wish that she had earned the win rather than be given it to her because the show is so thirsty for expanding and headlines, not even because she is trans.
http://i.imgur.com/djbabqD.jpg
Honestly I just think it's impossible. Like sure, a sub to go to and post without spoilers sounds nice. But like yesterday i came back home from going out, feeling my oats and getting ready to watch at around 2am... avoiding the sub to not know anything about the episode, but decide to quickly send a friend a fb message... and bam, Drag Race page posted the What Team are you, and ofc it's on the top of my feed because it's trending. As far as sub itself, it's just impossible. The way people talk is usually the issue, not so much the direct spoilers. And since everyone likes to vague book , you can't really mod someone who isn't actually posting spoilers. Stuff like this happened around maskgate and before, where people would straight up reply to people with stuff that didn't require for you to be a rocket scientist to figure out.
it's ok as long as you gay gasp'd
you so far off your ratings lol iceman is easily one of the most popular characters the xmen has, and Quire is probably among the most hated characters marvel has.
It's pretty simple, they wanted 90s xmen fangasm. Why is Gambit not here? You really think they'll let one of the most popular characters slide without milking him for all he is worth? :P Similarly I wouldn't be surprised to see Iceman slide in in the obvious spidey event, since he was part of the Amazing Friends anyway. Who knows, maybe they'll even add Firestar. The amount of nostalgia for that show is pretty incredible. But really, he will come, he is one of the most popular characters
Let's give you some sources: 100 mutants, and Quire is nowhere: http://ew.com/article/2014/05/21/x-men-best-worst/ 100 mutants, and Quire is nowhere: https://comicvine.gamespot.com/profile/xxinstantkillxx/lists/top-100-greatest-x-men/38509/ http://www.dorkly.com/post/65182/the-25-best-x-men-characters-ever/page:5 http://www.ign.com/articles/2006/05/15/the-top-25-x-men?page=3 Oh look another 100, and Quire ain't even there http://comicsalliance.com/100-greatest-x-men Seriously i have no clue how you even came up with Quire since the hate for him is widely known. The best is you bringing up Marvel Heroes, the game where mutants are the most played heroes and Iceman is amongst the most played heroes lmfao
insertlaughingemoji
I'm sorry but no, this was done for Peppermint. The show is growing and they want the headline.
They are not catering to Peppermint, they are catering to the show getting headlines after she wins
RemindMe! 12 days Is it gonna be raw crow or cooked?
I mean, this isn't much different :P
I got close to 200k with Beast as Leader and WW, my wolv is only 15/15/15/15 though, so that's pretty crazy imo. I doubt we will see an indepth review of Wolverine soon since anyone who whaled the xmen packs likely did so to get as many feathers as they could to get max Jean, and that's just for her rank ups. Both Wolv and Jean need feathers past gear rank 15. I would think he is better than Agent Venom since his Guaranteed Crit (78%!!) is insane and he has more Area attacks than him.
yea I was pleasantly surprised, the actual score was 172k btw. But for a one and only try in a undergeared character with essentially no risk of dying, I think it's pretty great.
wtf at that girl grabbing her wig like it's a puppy
The Proudclad was so ridiculously fast and easy with Lightning w/ USB + TGC w/ osb, that I'm worried we will essentially need combos like this for future ones :S
not like Global would get as much bang from this, but do wish they'd do something stormblood related :(, after all that's where my time is going in 4 days
The lack of damage comes from not having Haste, not having dispel, and they do seem to have slow. Plus we don't know their stats, so I can't be sure that the Cid Raines and Claire (since that's really where all the damage is coming from) are doing enough damage.
My suggestion is to give drmogs/mako might to Vanille/Sazh, give battleforge/acestriker to Fang/Raines and give something like Truthseeker to Lightning. Let Lightning land Slow with tempo, and weave in Dismisal + LS on Fang. Dispel is definitely a must because he uses protect/shell on himself, and try to use Wall AFTER he uses dispelga, which is scripted, but I'm guessing since you are lacking damage you are unable to push the first "phase" fast enough without needing wall.
waiting for someone to tell me that the vet probably used to feed it out there and it's simply looking to get easy food as per memory/routine
good to hear!
It's all about Cards really, which I'm guessing you don't have great ones. As far as T2, yes usually you get a much bigger boost as a T2, specially in the case of someone like Carnage who goes from "ok" to "nearly invincible in pve"
Again, if the magic isn't high enough, % buffs don't mean much. And when the character is the sole source of damage, well you are gonna run into issues. And this is regarding the specific setup that OP was running, aka he needed to a place to put dispel whilst having Wrath But hey, OP beat the encounter by changing one of the physical attackers to a Mage so that now there were 2 sources of magical damage. go figure!
You are comparing a statement about the specific situation of the OP running Cid alone, vs a comment about a Mage team where you have more than one mage and you are ideally maximizing the potential of said buffs where you have far more versatility available. I guess we are both having slow days, but i'm out!
probably a mix of both, people who think they are doing so but in reality they aren't and at the same time ppl ain't giving them the time of the day. No shade to Aja, but I feel her outfit that day was the perfect example of Val haters, someone who goes out thinking they look amazing and then they are told "nah", and all they have is "but is boujee!"
i like how we all just speak as if we were there lol
Facebook birthday greeting eleganza extravaganza
Yup.
Because mag will be useless vs the 20% drk bonus you will be getting from the OSB. So unless you are fighting something that resists dark, the OSB weapon will be better for damage. Likewise, if you have a strong +Holy weapon, it would be better in that scenario vs the BSB fists
all of them are always 20%, jp has yet to be given a bigger boost. So if you have +Drk armor, even if it doesn't get synergy or even has +mag on it, chances are it will increase your dmg far more. I was trying to find the spreadsheet with the mag vs % bonus breakdowns but I can't find it, but yea his OSB weapon is pretty good for him even if you don't reforge it.
I found it: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sCfEd0JjP8OMgdkUWLmn8xvKAO3zZPPAscjwLuu49SI/edit#gid=1390089931 Also has all the boost relics available, to break it down with the numbers you gave me: w/ OSB weapon you would have 662 magic vs w/ BSB weapon 707 mag. With his BSB active: w/ OSB weapon: 1032 mag w/ BSB weapon: 1102 mag But since the OSB weapon has 20% dark damage, your bsb commands would act as if you had about 230 magic more! Except that the % dmg isn't reduced by the soft cap from magic, so it's basically OP damage at this point. It's just so much better, specially on someone like Raines that can further increase his magic. Basically: The higher your magic, the better %dmg is over more magic.
Oh boy, you didn't even realize you supported my dmg argument? Changing to Hope isn't simply a dispel + stun utility, by not having access to hastega he gained another character with Burst Mode, along with the haste that comes with it. On top of having access to what I was talking about, much better use of Cid's +Mag buff since he can keep it up far easier than Sazh can earn SB gauge. Not to mention that Hope gives him access to a type of magic damage that isn't being resisted, which since he has is bsb2 then he has the gloves, which translate to a further 20% dmg boost on his holy attacks. At the end of the day OP was able to see all of this and beat the CM! Hurray for him! But hey, I have a broken ankle and can't leave my bed, what's your excuse for this absurd discussion?
probably renewed at some point, if not instant. I could see them getting new sales up, maybe even a tiered Xmen t2 materials sale with crystals to wipe out the crystals people got from the packs
Okay so, it's revealed that in episode 5 Valentina impregnated Michelle with her child. They are aiming to take over the show and create a spanish edition of the show produced by the one and only, Alexis Michelle. Ru however finds about this thanks to the Nancy Drew of drag, aka Shangela, Ru bands together with all her old timers aka Charlie, Raja, Chad and perform a lipsync ritual that will eliminate Valentina's spawn, sadly Chad dies during the performance and the ritual is stopped. Valentina's cult followers chant her name in order to speed the birth of the spawn, but as a last resort Ru decides to call on her arch nemesis PhiPhi Ohara to curse the spawn back into Michelle's womb. The curse backfires and she is turned into a Gila Monster, which Alyssa is quick to tongue pop into oblivion. At the end of the episode it's revealed that nothing actually mattered and Peppermint is crowned.
Coming to Logo this Fall: The Girls Next Door 2: Electric Boogaloo
Luckily for you Dena seems to love putting the bsb claws on everything they have a chance to
omg the ending killed me lmfao
you just wanted us to see the dick video didnt u
contrary to popular belief, ru actually has x-ray vision so that moment was totally staged
Gwenpool nor Rogue have the AoE power that Kid Kaiju does, my very well geared Elsa can easily get 100k, but I tried with an alright geared Rogue and she was also able to get 100k with little difficulty. Gwenpool has always been able to 100k, just takes some practice and some gamble since her 6* makes her run around the stage which is a pro/con thanks to meteors. tl;dr: Kid Kaiju &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; whoever else you can get 100k with
Depends on what resources you currently have. You need 4 characters at rank 5, which can take a lot of time at 10 bios per day. Ofc this can be sped up if you have Mega Rank 6 tix from events or giveaways. Also depends on your ability to get BAM since you need quite a bit as some of the requirements. Most of the other requirements aren't as bad and only take a week or two in terms of farming materials, such as the 1k phoenix feathers requirement which can be done in about 2 weeks as non-premium.
Slightly disappointed they didn't submit the crew one, that's like the episode I would show to any of my straight friends or anyone who didn't knew what Drag race was
Right, but it still has to air.
1k crystals is still faster to get than 4 rank up characters, so if you don't have mega rank 6 then you don't have to worry about that since you will get it before the 4 characters to 6
choose freelancer on the options, healer or whatever it's pretty fast
Nothing is as bad as Bruce costume doing the same animations as Hulk :S
i'm not sure i trust her to define drama, specially considering she was barely involved in any. Probably called out Kimora on not knowing what an adjective was, and she thinks it's scandalous.
I do feel bad for Aja since before season even started she had to take it from Naomi, and now that she was on the show she still can't find individuality in the eyes of the fans. But i mean, it really isn't the fault of the other queens.
oh pls, nina jokes about that every live she does, every event she does. Ofc she is gonna bring it up with Aja, and again, it was Nina who even brought it.
lol what she said to Farrah doesn't even count as a read, and poor Farrah set herself up for that one when she came for her wig line
ofc, you can still pierce through invincibility with some characters
Hasn't been my case, then again I use Jean
I wanna see why everyone is laughing and then Kimora is just dead staring
cap is awful, i capped mkraan crystals and now i'm getting less value for my premium magneto mission. It's honestly such a slap on the face for paying customers
I have a top 5 ranked jean mind you, so my jean is super geared. Idk how a top wolverine would do, but for me Jean just destroys entire rooms in seconds and the bosses die instantly because she teleports to them and just kills them. This is all on auto. I will start maxing Wolverine now, so we will see
yea, a lot of people do
it's basically off season, ppl get hypersensitive
can you imagine if this was true and PhiPhi actually got edited favorably lol
i believe that, adore looking at the camera was hilarious, probably a cry for help! But tbh, Alaska and Katya both have said that Alaska's breakdown was much worse than what we got.
Maestros chest says it drops "nightshade", as in a the character nightshade?
lmfao ben's reaction was mine, followed by laughter. This is all kinds of wrong lmao
he was scarily dead on too lol
I keep seeing all these things and I just wonder why Ru never even bothered to try them with PhiPhi. Like yes, Valentina fans have been messy on social media and Nina repeatedly said that Val said she would come to her defense. But like what's good Ru? You didn't even try to save Phiphi. And I can't believe I'm even defending Phiphi
Oh I agree about the reducing part, but like what fan favorite has ever actually stopped their messy fans? Katya kept telling people to not even hate on Alaska, because she was her biggest fan. And that didn't stop from people turning on Alaska or calling her awful stuff. Why is the "Valentina needed to say something" so important here? The extremist fanbase of the show has always been the least favorite part of it, because while we all love the messy drama that unfolds, I would like to think that we can all draw a line when queens start getting harrased. But Ru saying "Why didn't YOU do something?" makes me roll eyes at her so fucking much, because she doesn't do shit when this stuff happens to other queens, and she is the one who edits them and knows who is going to be a popular character. tl;dr: We have too many examples of this stuff happening that Ru passing on the blame to someone and not being called out is sadly disappointing
I have shown this to about 7 ppl and we still gagging
Cause Ru did such a good job in calling out the fans attacking PhiPhi, instead of you know, egging them on with her own tweets.
lmfao 65 nightshades
But if she wins tonight and then in the finale, you'd be missing the biggest rigga morris in herstory
The HD was beyond homophobic to Kimora, and on pride month!
I mean, she also mentioned it on interviews, on instagram lives. But I guess people needed a press release, as if it would had done anything. Katya basically disowned her fans if they even mentioned anything bad about Alaska, and it still didn't stop them.
we all know phi phi is that gurl we knew she was, but still. Can't pass the blame like that when Ru herself has been the one egging on fans to attack someone.
i felt so bad for her in the reunion clip hiding her face behind her hair :(
http://www.vh1.com/live-tv
non official links aren't allowed, so can't help you there and asking for them would get this post deleted. You can watch it from anywhere here with a dummy account, so there should be no excuse really
what season was she on?
Shea is being too much, like almost scripted. Like girl, where was this attitude through the season? Even her fight with Nina was tame compared to this.
And just like that, Valentina gets her rudemption. And y'all thought people would turn on her. Now let's start a kickstarter to put Shea in a bunker.
There's no snark? You are being too delicate about something that you are posting very little information about, and people posting counter stories are suddenly wrong but you are always right? hmm okay.
You didn't post what wolverine you are fighting, or what their equipment looks like. Hence the invincible comments. Leauge is also very important, because literally everyone can have wolverine. But ranking him up is a different story. You are making a "guide" about something and you lack incredibly important details. Idk what comments you are reading here that are supportive of your statement, and instead asking you what league you are in or how this is just the regular sharon rotation. You aren't upset, yet you say "You seem to be having trouble hitting two buttons to kill the AI", if this is about hitting two buttons then why are you even posting this? Good luck with your gameplay, and I hope you learn to take feedback.
yea, she has no counters against destroyer other than hoping her 6* kills him while she dies the first time lol :S
show us! cause even strange with costume wasn't getting that, i would love to see her at her highest. I only just maxed her so I'm really interested to see what her cap is, since Korean cards are not something I have
wait is knowhere man active?
Those are pretty good. I would say if you focus on PVP with her, then go for ITGB, otherwise the other will be a lot more dmg since she basically has maxed crit rate with her 6* buff. (It's very easy to get the +crit you need to max it)
Those are pretty good. I would say if you focus on PVP with her, then go for ITGB, otherwise the other will be a lot more dmg since she basically has maxed crit rate with her 6* buff. (It's very easy to get the +crit you need to max it) . And yea, her skills just have so much attached to them that they can clear entire waves/rooms faster than Odin. Plus even her basic attacks are AoE. Her 6* in particular even summons homing phoenix projectiles, so even if the AI uses it while the enemies are far away, they will still get hit by something. And she is very quick at closing distance with her teleport.
Her 5* has iframes and can take out destroyer, but she does so much damage that it's difficult to time it properly to not get yourself killed. Imo the best way to defeat him is literally by dyeing! Yep! Using her 6* basically kills her, but then in the time before she resurrects the 6* is still doing damage to Destroyer and potentially kills it. But keep in mind that I'm talking really well geared Destroyers here, something in the low ranks of Timeline won't cause much trouble because they will die before she gets a lot of damage reflected.
Oh so we only accept receipts if they come from Nina's lives, as the reunion clearly showed.
I'd say they are niche at best right now. If you run a full mage team, and the boss is weak to an element plus you are running a +Mag sb like Papalymo's that has +Magic Cast time, then sure, since you were likely to cap those 2 chain mag hits anyway. Ofc they also shine with Chain SBs... but Chain Sbs need a lot to shine as it is
Trinity was the highlight of the reunion for me (well besides Pepp's twins) with that lil speech at the end where she came for the top 4 (including herself).
I've seen Katya perform this so much that I actually had to take a second to remember it's actually Tatti's song
at this point we all know about, but we all post pretending we don't. That said, you might wanna edit the comment to block the spoilers since the topic isn't a "spoiler" topic
Honestly the only queen who I see in a different light after this is Sasha. Everything else was so obviously exaggerated that the stuff that might had some truth behind it kind of didn't live up to the super dramatic moments.
I would go for the first one, since that is just a lot of damage and bit of survival. If you get a good one with better Invuln, then that's probably better. The heal skill seems to work fine for me, but are you sure you are still "not full" when the hp stops working? Because if your hp is full you won't heal (see the green numbers)
I truly wish that a % of Val's fans would go towards Trinity because she so deserves to be more popular.
See, I agree with your first statement... and then she says something like "Girl, you are a role model" to Valentina. When she herself isn't acting like one here, which she does in Social Media. It's all those little things that made her look like she was being somebody else and it was pretty interesting that she was essentially calling someone else fake. But yes, we know the reunion had a lot of exaggerated and scripted stuff, but she was just the one I was actually surprised about how she acted.
Yep, but I want to see her getting tons of instagram fans so Wow gives her her own show where she just calls out every girl on the show and goes around saying who the true winner of each season really was!
I wouldn't go as far as to call her mentally unstable, which I find uncalled for, but I think they simply don't care. Like, she doesn't actually hang out with any of them besides Eureka and, ironically, Valentina. So why would they care to "clear the air" if they think she is making it up. She literally called Alexis a racist, and yet we didn't see that drama unfold.
At the risk of being rude... she is being honest for once? jk but really, it's just shade
Sure, but you aren't taking into consideration the 2 buffs she gets from her 3*. Jean's is stronger than Sharon's, altho a bit hard to "cap" since it only absorbs 70% of the damage at a time. And she places a huge debuff on the enemies, something that sadly you won't see on stuff that resists it.
Basically almost every mob in the game has 1~2 skills blu can learn, and you learn them by defeating the enemy after they use it, but it's only a chance to learn. Afterwards, you equip them. Each spell has a certain amount of "Blue points" and you have a maximum blue points, so you spend them to equip the abilities. Mix-Matching skills also give you Job Traits.
Expecting Sharon level of change is a recipe for disappointment
I honestly have no idea what the people who don't DPS as healers even do in all the downtime there is. Bosses aren't always using attacks, every healers has different types of on demand or layers of healing to set up and take care of chip dmg. Like WHM has a ton of regens which even make their Job Gauge less efficient. I'd love the gauge to also trigger on DPS crits.
I like how she loves the drama of the show even if she is thrown under the bus
22/24 uh oh Missing ff12 Burst &amp; Selphie's USB
love Alaska getting pissed at being asked who should had won Miss Congeniality and restating VALENTINA!!. Ms Thunderfuck lives for Valentina, wonder why they didn't get pics of them together when they did a show together
damn Trinity held her own against Bianca with that come back lol, didn't get assassinated like poor Kimchi
I just realized everyone except Roxxxy from her top 3 has won except her lol
oh i didn't realize phiphi was on that picture lol
How's your head?
Shea giving us the cliffhangers we didn't have all season!
I mean you have to pay for it, so it's not like she didn't deserve she just probably didn't want to put the $ till now
it does! it was my first because of it
You don't need much if you only want 100k for him, Atk iso set, max SCD through cards/gear/alliance He doesn't need ITGB or Snare, but either of them can help. But I run him without either just fine. Dmg % + is better. 5 &gt; 4 &gt; 3 is usually what you want to use, and just reuse 5 as soon as it comes up so you are always invulnerable from damage. You can use Crossbones for phys atk, and venom but really, if your sole goal is 100k then he is pretty easy to set up.
she is so good, I remember hearing about the show when it aired but never felt like giving it a chance. Then one day I watch it on Netflix and was so in love with it. I was both upset and happy when she got JJ, because I thought maybe netflix will relaunch the show! but then since it's a marvel show, she likely doesn't have time for another
You are not my real mom and you never will be
That was nice of Jinkx to try an diffuse the situation really quickly, you can tell Alyssa wasn't very happy about it
Liza Minnelli lies!! We saw another one where she has all her drag race looks that ppl went crazy for, but this bish hasn't put it up for sale yet!
Patt, Papa Velour and Wintergreen AS3 top 3 confirmed
aaaw that snl comment was so fun
Reveal was cute, but Trinity gave it all through the entire thing
okay shea did get murdered in that one
Peppermint also said she would buy another pink skirt with the 100k
You guys literally let sasha stans call other people names in the sub and we report them and it goes by unmodded.
Milan took everything off and... oh honey
Not at all, specially since chances are you are getting hit by AoEs. Therefore not even need to Wrath that much. Heck in the important battles I even get more SB gauge that I can use, if she had gotten an amazing USB you could even weave that in.
My guess is new Special Missions with Quest Pack attached like Inhumans + Dormm
shutdown? more like a polite correction
Exactly!
this i can relate to, c'mon gaymers
I tried with my phys team and was having a harder time than usual. Switched up to my mage party that uses Raines' bsb as rw, and it went down pretty easily. But yea I did have to SL due to bad RNG on the first hits a few times
Like 5 months? Not sure on the timeline, but like it came out after the next fest. It's pretty far away
There's several threads on this.
Lol Sasha is so fake, contradicts herself in the same interview. Honestly I like her more now that she is more cut throat, but I think she is going to be the same thing that happened with Jinkx where people expected the sweet lovable Jinkx we saw on the show and got the outrageus and loud real Jinkx but still hilarious. For all the fake she's got in her body, Trinity seems like she maintained herself as the most real &lt;3
everyone thought it would mean her downfall, as if they didn't have 10+ seasons of experience that says otherwise. As long as they stay relevant, fan favorites are eternal!
Honestly? Who knows. She was just calling her fake before the show even aired. It's probably because Val had been performing at Micky's before and was gathering a crowd following. And since Val isn't part of Detox's "LA Queen clique" she seems to preach and defend, she decided to come for her. I know she and the other one that isn't willam from their ex-group, came for Val once when Micky's put Val as the main attraction in a poster and didn't make mention of them being on the show. Now she is hiding behind Val's fans coming for her as the reason to hate her. But really it seems to amount to pettiness and jealousy.
I mean if they give us Shea and Valentina at the reunion I don't see it as a problem. All they care is that people talk about the show on social media, and those 2 going at it would give you that. I still hope Shea doesn't do it cause she is just gonna get Raven'd. So I hope Trinity does instead and slays. Plus she has shown to be able to grow and give different things in a short period of time. But I do think that without Willam's randomness they do have to create something.
Might had been cause in the previous episode Pearl and Violet spook each other about there being "one too many" episodes left, and wonder if they would bring someone back. And then they mention Trixie as being the one they'd want back.
meh, they've become farmable through 60 stamina missions and now dailies in JP. And of all places to put it in a CM, is a Torment. Which means it comes back and you don't have to finish it right at this moment.
There was a 5* mote overlap visual guide somewhere here, but I have searched different terms and I can't find and I forgot to save it :( Anyone has a link to it? Thanks!
Yea, thanks!
Rikku's USB :S
Lies, detox doesn't know how to @ anyone. But Delta would surely join in the vaguebooking
yea we all made jokes about she learnt to @ in that same topic!
My husky does this... but also gives me a wahwohwow if he smells another dog on me :/
Medusa just looks like the porn parody of the version of the character of a tv show
oh plz, if you know who shea is you'd known she is a professional dancer. It has nothing to do with her performance.
Nop, i've replied already that she actually shows attitude now that she is off the show. And isn't trying to be miss perfect with the things she says or how she acts. And evidently a lot of people seem to think the same.
i know!! shit was cold and savage without actually calling her names
great. (but yas we do)
After watching Alaska's videos, I was expecting something entirely different.
that's literally amazing for buff recasts, specially now with the extra seconds from LMs
Katya came out as the true brainy queen, i could not believe it: https://youtu.be/wudEdP0BCxw?t=11m17s 11m:17s if it doesn't link directly
I mean, Lightning's USB synergizes with her BSB, but Twinstrike is still a better use even after using the BSB. Specially now that it will be x4 hits.
These teasers are much less effective when Marvel already revealed the contents of the update :P
I mean his bsb commands are machinist. If you dive him: You've got 30% chance to induce fire imperil when using mch skills, his bsb2 cmd1 also has a 25% chance to induce fire imperil. And his Relic LM has a chance to dual cast mch skills. So he can essentially be your go to fire imperil, and with x3 fire imperil his cmd 2 is actually pretty good dmg, which again, has a chance to be dualcasted. Nothing game breaking, but he definitely has some neat stuff available now
setting yourself up for disappointment
