OHH MYY
Yes...yes it is...
I thought I was in /r/enlightenedbirdmen
He already did though
lelelelel
&gt; santy annie
WE OUT HERE FAM
your comment was 54 minutes ago fugg i'm old
I read that as a fat joke
think i'm just gonna post up at that mars stage all day sunday
Yo'ure btw that username is the tits
^^^YOU ^^^SUCK
k
&gt; Kind of a peek behind the curtain but muh immershun
aw fuck catch diarrhea planet then hit up flume
I just load up an askreddit thread before I go in
I'm loving it
Owens ain't scared
Hey when do those dbry books ship
Fuck I marked out for the big show
no! hogan's heel turn in 96 was WONDERFUL. totally fresh for him. completely refreshed his career. the nwo angle eventually got stale, but when it began it was amazing.
basically house show rules nothing "counts"
i can't remember the last Natty match
the fuck
Dasand - rudestorm
I'M IN LOVE WITH THE ^^coco
dj le master trole 2013
thats_racist.gif
HBK superkicking Flair
you fucking guys
Lawyer up, hit the gym, delete Facebook
Hopefully something better than this
/r/keming
&gt;einhorn &gt;ein horn &gt;one horn makes sense!
boiler room sets are the best for people watching
Next week on /r/todayilearned
I love this
Dq is so good and the view from hay merchant patio is incredible
It's so sweet
I've got one that's fourteen months
It's not the same sweet as like a raspberry wheat but it's so good
OOHHHHHH!!!
James Harden?
y-you too. ..
related: https://soundcloud.com/inbirth/she-said
Get some Tito's in your life
i was already in a good mood and this made it better
can't go wrong with Svedka I think i just have that Texas bias for Tito's
It's like really fast high pitched stuff. ..I dunno man I just found out about it
nah dan schneider's got all that pussy on lock
BUTT WATER! BUTT WATER!
Dr Wizard
lol Yes it's scripted but Cena very likely has a big level of input on that script
JOHN CENA SUCKS!
So I've been bamboozled?
Computer aided drafting Cubicle jockey
Thought it was! !
Nah I use spotify and soundcloud mostly Mix in some podcasts too but i hate when I get up and forget to pause them
how do i say dank in Mandarin?
what it CAES though
&gt; dog sticks itself in the mouth of an apex predator when the tiger looked like it was about to eat the dog i checked real quick to make sure i wasn't on liveleak
&gt;looks like Suzanne from the back. can't use that.
him describing that flaky, buttery croissanwich (croiss aannnn whichh..) had me in stitches omg this burger king employee talking to terry funk OMG TERRY FUNKS VOICE HOLY SHIT I'D LIKE SIX OF THEM NANTZ VOICE HOLY SHIT WHAT IS HAPPENEDING BARNETT? omg when DID JR learn all these voices? PATTIES HOLY SHIT [this is AMAZING](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/comedybangbang/images/8/8a/Jason-mantzoukas.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130626170411) sorry for the live reactions
hey, hofstetter! in a non-creepy way we've stayed up late nights together many times ^( ^i ^watch ^laughs) great show
Oh My GOD That was amazing
What delicious pasta. Better than navy seal imo
Man you got here and we lost go to Dallas
We did!
lel guilty by association xD
nightcore
F V T V R E _ B T S 他媽
^^^nnoooooo
Fuck that cold showers are awesome
Good luck
BBBRRRAAAAPAADIOOOO
I've never played a Fallout. Convince me to buy a ps4 and get 4
sold
Got steam damnit
Ain't got one
Dis Gus Ting ^^^iloveit
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/stop_penis_erect_archer.gif
HAPPY SATURDAY *clap clap clapclapclap*
*[CONTEMPLATIVE JAZZ MUSIC]*
Weren't they huffing poppers that whole episode?
Damn son
Amyl nitrate!
Asking the important questions
Dude I'm almost thirty and major lazer is dope
thank
what's the story there?
Easy it's pronounced "jag thindh"
fucking lol
looks like a helicopter from RL Grimes "Void" artwork
So don't hesit8
[what the fuck venusaur doing](http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/His+very+best_98f9d8_5368933.jpg)
everything i've ever heard about bubba makes him sound like a prick
It's like sex on cocaine, getting hard seems impossible but once you are it's there for like six hours
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ʀᴀɪsᴇ ᴜʀ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀs ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ (ง°ل͜°)ง I TRIED TO SILENCE MY DONGER ONCE; BOY THAT WENT WELL (ง°ل͜°)ง ༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ i came in like a wrecking dong ༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ Flex your dongers ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ ＤＯ ＹＯＵ ＥＶＥＮ ＤＯＮＧ? ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ ┌༼ຈل͜ຈ༽┐ lower your dongers ┌༼ຈل͜ຈ༽┐ (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง THE UNSEEN DONGER IS THE DEADLIEST (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง heres a tip. And a dong behind it (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ᴛᴏ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ, ᴏʀ ɴᴏᴛ ᴛᴏ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง sᴏᴜɴᴅs ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀᴏᴜs... ɪᴍ ɪɴ (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ᴍᴀsᴛᴇʀ ʏᴏᴜʀ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ, ᴍᴀsᴛᴇʀ ᴛʜᴇ ᴇɴᴇᴍʏ (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ᴛʜᴇ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ ᴀʟsᴏ ʀɪsᴇs (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง YOUR DONGERS ARE INFERIOR (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง MY RIGHT DONGER IS A LOT STRONGER THAN MY LEFT DONGER (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF THE DONGER (ง ͠ ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ヽ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°)ﾉ ʀuʙ ᴍʏ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ ヽ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°)ﾉ (ง •̀_•́)ง focus your dongers (ง •̀_•́)ง ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽YOU CAME TO THE WRONG DONGERHOOD༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ ༼ ºل͟º ༼ ºل͟º ༼ ºل͟º ༽ ºل͟º ༽ ºل͟º ༽ YOU PASTARINO'D THE WRONG DONGERINO ༼ ºل͟º ༼ ºل͟º ༼ ºل͟º ༽ ºل͟º ༽ ºل͟º ༽ ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༽ºل͟º ༽ YOU COPERINO﻿ FRAPPUCCIONO PASTARINO'D THE WRONG DONGERINO ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༽ºل͟º ༽ ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽You either die a DONG, or live long enough to become the DONGER༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ ᕙ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ. ʜᴀʀᴅᴇʀ,﻿ ʙᴇᴛᴛᴇʀ, ғᴀsᴛᴇʀ, ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ .ᕙ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง LET ME DEMONSTRATE DONGER DIPLOMACY (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง (ง'̀-'́)ง ＤＯＮＧ ＯＲ ＤＩＥ (ง'̀-'́)ง ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ raise your dongers ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ VOICE OF AN ANGEL ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ LETS GET DONGERATED ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ RAISE YOUR BARNO ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉITS A HARD DONG LIFE ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ "I have a dong" ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ - Martin Luther King Jr. ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ WHAT DOESNT KILL ME ONLY MAKES ME DONGER ᕙ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ ノ(ಠ_ಠノ ) ʟᴏᴡᴇʀ ʏᴏᴜʀ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀs ノ(ಠ_ಠノ) ヽ༼Ὸل͜ຈ༽ﾉ HOIST THY DONGERS ヽ༼Ὸل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ༼ ºل͟º ༽ I AM A DONG ༼ ºل͟º ༽ ༼ ºل͟º༽ I DIDN'T CHOOSE THE DONGLIFE, THE DONGLIFE CHOSE ME ༼ ºل͟º༽ ༼ ºل͟º༽ NO ONE CARED WHO I WAS UNTIL I PUT ON THE DONG ༼ ºل͟º༽ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ FOREVER DONG ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ༼ ºل͟º ༼ ºل͟º ( ° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °) ºل͟º ༽ ºل͟º ༽ 5 MEN 1 DREAM 9 EYEBROWS ༼ ºل͟º ༼ ºل͟º( ° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °) ºل͟º ༽ ºل͟º ༽ ༼ ºººººل͟ººººº ༽ I AM SUPER DONG ༼ ºººººل͟ººººº ༽ ┌∩┐༼ ºل͟º ༽┌∩┐ SUCK MY DONGER ┌∩┐༼ ºل͟º ༽┌∩┐ ζ༼Ɵ͆ل͜Ɵ͆༽ᶘ FINALLY A REAL DONG ζ༼Ɵ͆ل͜Ɵ͆༽ᶘ &lt;ᴍᴇssᴀɢᴇ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀᴇᴅ&gt; ヽ༼ʘ̚ل͜ʘ̚༽ﾉIS THAT A DONGER IN YOUR POCKET?ヽ༼ʘ̚ل͜ʘ̚༽ﾉ ༼ ͡■ل͜ ͡■༽ OPPA DONGER STYLE ༼ ͡■ل͜ ͡■༽ ( ° ͜ ʖ °) REGI OP ( ° ͜ ʖ °) (̿▀̿ ̿Ĺ̯̿̿▀̿ ̿)̄ IM DONG,JAMES DONG (̿▀̿ ̿Ĺ̯̿̿▀̿ ̿)̄ (ง⌐□ل͜□)ง WOULD YOU HIT A DONGER WITH GLASSES (ง⌐□ل͜□)ง ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ CUDDLE UR DONGERS ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ ლ(́◉◞౪◟◉‵ლ) let me hold your donger for a while ლ(́◉◞౪◟◉‵ლ) ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ง MY RIGHT DONG IS ALOT STRONGER THAN MY LEFT ONE ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ง (✌ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ May the DONG be with you! ☚(ﾟヮﾟ☚) (⌐■_■)=/̵͇̿̿/'̿'̿̿̿ ̿ ̿̿ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ Keep Your Dongers Where i Can See Them Ѱζ༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽ᶘѰ HIT IT WITH THE FORK Ѱζ༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽ᶘѰ (ง ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)ง GO FABBBYYY GO (ง ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)ง ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉ RAISE YOUR GENJAS ヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉ ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༽ºل͟º ༽ Chester Cheeto Support our Dongers ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༽ºل͟º ༽ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF THE DONG CODE ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ຈل͜ﾉ༼ຈ༽ u ugly as fuk (⌐■_■)=/̵͇̿̿/'̿'̿̿̿ ̿ ̿̿ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ KEEP YOUR DONGERS WHERE I CAN SEE THEM ヽ༼° ͟ل͜ ͡°༽ﾉ DONGMACIA NOW AND FOREVER ヽ༼° ͟ل͜ ͡°༽ﾉ (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง DON'T YOU DONG ME, SUMMONER?? (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง MASTER YOUR DONGER, MASTER THE ENEMY (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง : (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง FOR MY FATHER THE DONG (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ╭∩╮( ͡°﻿ ͜ʖ͡°)wнαт doeѕɴт ĸιll мe мαĸeѕ мe doɴɢer ( ͡°﻿ ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง KNOWN IF THE DONGERS WERE TURNED I WOULD SHOW YOU NO DONG (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง (っ◕‿◕)っpenetrate nintendude's anus (っ◕‿◕)っ (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง Your donger belongs in a museum (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉ YOU CAME TO THE WRONG GENJAHOOD ヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉヽ( ͡ ° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉ ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°) Mom always said my donger was big for my age ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°) ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°) I WAS BORN WITH A NEEDLESSLY LARGE DONGER ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°) ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°) IS THAT A DONGER IN YOUR POCKET? ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°) (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง Vi? Stands For DONGER (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง ヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉ I BELIEVE I CAN DONGヽ( ͡° ͡ ͜ ͡ʖ ͡ °)ﾉ Ψ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽Ψ﻿ HIT IT WITH A DONGER Ψ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽Ψ ༼ʘ̚ل͜ʘ̚༽ I NEED A DONGTOR ༼ʘ̚ل͜ʘ̚༽ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ Darude your Sandstorms ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ 7 DEADLY DONGERS ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ ヽ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°)ﾉ IMAGINE IF I HAD A REAL DONGER ヽ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°)ﾉ ~(˘▾˘~) Wave Your Dongers (~˘▾˘)~ work it ᕙ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ harder make it (ง •̀_•́)ง better do it ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ faster raise ur ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ donger ɳ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ɲ more than ever hour after ɳ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ɲ ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ our work is always dongers ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
Hahaha omg a a ron
Wow that was catastrophic
Dihydrogen monoxide It's all around us and everyone who comes into contact with it dies eventually
The Way
You have been banned from/r/planetside
no u
I sat and watched the whole thing
NO HE'S AN IWC DARLING AND HE'S GETTING BURIED DUH
Wasn't Frusciante on a couple of songs
i used to cheap out on cymbals a lot and without fail within a few months i would get a hairline crack about a half an inch long in my ride and they would just immediately sound like shit
We're not friends m80 fuck off
SQQQWWAAAAWWKKKK PETRICHOR
squeaky cheese
LET'S DO ^^THIS??!!!
Is your name a ghost mice reference
No it's inside the loop! All the good Houston is inner loop!!
aw :(
Have you? Stories pls
I had this ( o )( o )
My grandpa married my grandma when he was 32, she was 18. Granted it was like 1956.
Ddaaaaaadddd!!!!!
Love it
Man I gotta try that place it's been there for a while
You *sleep* at 76?? I almost have to sleep sub 68 or else I wake up soaked in sweat Btw comfortable for me is gym shorts and a hoodie in the house
[yep](http://i.imgur.com/qrMu16V.png)
whats that shit called? delta force? delta wave? delta P
fuck fuck fuck
FART DON'T DUST BREATHE
http://replygif.net/i/651.gif
omg
lol we out here fam
One of the GOAT heels
¿Que hora es?
yeah she was fine with her body until the song blew up and she became famous &gt;oh shit, i'm on magazine covers now? gotta get a trainer!
give me shit for it but i would bang rebel wilson
no, why do you ask?
i was thinking some ecstasy
well aged memes
i can't wait until we upgrade to loud memes
yeah i was pretty sure it was a college yearbook given that everyone's town was listed southwest texas state normal school???
thanks roger ebert
wat
Rest of the live album [here](http://audiotree.tv/session/cory-branan/)
the accent too, for me she's probably rude as shit and one of those types "i'm not mean i'm just honest"
i've always argued that Hogan is the GOAT because of the 80s and for everyone else it's a battle for 2nd the further we get from the 80s the shakier Hogan as the GOAT gets. there's just way too many people battling for 2nd * flair * andre * taker * stone cold * rock * cena (yes) * savage
worth it. i'd clean out my retirement account to see Austin v. Lesnar
Yeah definitely put hbk on the list Didn't mean to imply my list was complete
i love this
Fuck yeah rothko chapel
Lol wreddit being wreddit Probably being downvoted for not having cm punk, Bryan and Cesaro on my list of number twos
Nsfl Man
I didn't know Mariah Carey was biracial for the longest time
Yeezy taught me
YOU'RE DOING IT MAN KEEP IT UP JUST DO IT DON'T LET YOUR DREAMS JUST BE DREAMS
RRREEEEEEEEEEEE
NEW... DAY ROCKS
sanic pls
i fucking love You Blew It!
And Shai Hulud's cover of the same. Not exactly punk but still excellent.
Katy Perry
Bazorple
I T S A L L O G R E N O W T S A Y Y L M A O L O G R E E E E E E E E EE E E E E E N I C E M E M E O W
omg its perfect stupid otters cant even catch a butterfly!!!
Jack's a legend in any world
fucking college, man
hell yeah man i walked up to work wearing a hoodie this morning
fucking LOL
i want some
H E L L O M Y B A B Y H E L L O M Y H O N E Y H E L L O M Y R A G T I M E GAL
You're a little bit of your female dog shit about me, and what he said? I have the Navy SEALs, I'll I graduated in the top of the class you must know, and I have no Al · Quaeda for a number of secret in the attack have been involved, and I will kill more than 300 has been confirmed. I am against the gorillas have been trained and I have the whole of the U.S. military's top marksman. You are nothing to me, not just another target. I Giardini Naxos, mark the exact words to you on this Earth before we have yet to see the likes of them to sexual intercourse, the crankcase. Through the Internet, you can have it to me, and I don't think you can get away with? Again, we believe that a stupid person. We have to speak, I am in the entire United States of the spy of my secret contact the network, and you have a better storm of insects, maggots, to prepare for your IP, now that the trace. Make your life a little mercy on call to get rid of that storm. You are dead, the kids to reflexology. I am anytime, anywhere, and I can be more than 700 in a way that can kill you, it is not just in my bare hands. Not only that, your a little for each non-armed, I will address a broad range of the battle, but I have been trained to the entire United States Marine Corps weapons for access to, and I have to face away from the continent of your complaint to the miserable, to wipe to use it to the fullest. Your little "smart" comment on your AS to bring down to retaliation is ridiculous. You can know only if you have your shit, maybe you would have to hold my tongue. However, you did not, you will have the price, and you are now paying YOU ARE AN IDIOT, are you now. I have all your anger on the drivel, you are addicted to it. You are dead, You shit. I am, you are, or where you live is not give a fuck. You are a hell of Naxos at the end of your life you will need to bring me to be able to rely on. I think it is in the desert, Jesus is to glue to the cross on a tropical island Naxos back to take a look at massage reflexology so much pain, you have to place. I'll only be able to fight, which you have to how many of a person or how you are to be tough IRL sexual intercourse does not seem to have given, or to defend yourself how many you own the damn gun. you when you are not home, I am in your home Naxos emerge. But I think of you all the lights in the house to turn ON all of the water while it is running, close it, and open your door of the refrigerator, and your gas stove burner on gas, they are trying to waste. your blood pressure is 3 Times highlighted sexual intercourse, I'm going to start, and you will have a damn heart attack. Your heart is to go to the hospital for surgery, you will be in the operating room when it is placed under the you will see the the last thing for me to dress like a doctor, and your floating on. After the operation you will wake up in time bomb, when ticks off the question to go to the waiting for your breasts. Your full recovery from heart surgery. You have to come home from the main entrance of the hospital when you go out of My shit from no-where you in the car, on the run, and you have to kill you. I am just like you in my life, but I'm just my luck of your pitiful excuse that can destroy you would like to learn more about how easy it is and how I would rather of your last day of rest is hell shit breath, life is spent to make sure that if you go to a great fuckng length. do
^^^Hail ^^^Hydra
Fucking lol so many down votes
Fucking lol I see it
this post made me bust out Hot Damn! for the first time in years
fuck where is jack swagger?
[HEERREEE CORRRAAAAAALLLLLLL](http://www.reddit.com/r/heycarl/)
You're welcome
omg this is incredible the fucking windows are open!!!
[don't sleep on Willow either](https://soundcloud.com/dhatu)
hell yeah thats how i used to design sites back in high school draw up a neat looking UI in photoshop and just paste one image on my site and map all the links
What?! This has been fun
I'm at a bar and I had to excuse myself
&gt; Subscribers: 3,638
N U D I T Y U D I T Y
I love these so much
I love how you shitpost never stop
not the mama!
we can get it to $300 million
New Prince is the fucking *jam* though, but maybe that's because I'm a Sleigh Bells fanatic.
F
FUCK that show looks incredible
Friend saw Insidious III on Sunday morning and he said there was line out the door for the fucking 12:45 PM matinee
no u
Pitchfork is broken you should return it while it's still under warranty
Me too! I still chuckle every time I post ayy lmao
WE THE PEOPLE
Blue Pants debut imminent
HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT
&gt; everyone knows who Cena is see flair
Jeremy Piven threw a flying cross body block https://youtu.be/TMYNhOypqRU?t=5m23s
HARD WORK PAYS OFF DREAMS COME TRUE BAD TIMES DON'T LAST BUT BAD GUYS DO
lel
AW SUN OF A BITCH
FIGHT OWENS FIGHT &gt;that fucking username is incredible btw
between this, fallout, battlefront, and doom, i'm definitely getting a ps4 soon
She got a big booty so I call her big booty
what happened?
gottem
Did you not see the scale he brought everywhere
Jeremy Piven too
aw fuck
HOUSTON TX
F
BACK FRONT BACK SIDE TO SIDE
Savage
I have that exact opener! It's so worn it won't open bottles but I can't throw it away. We've been through too much
Just went for a yesterday in tropical storm bill. So windy and misty
More like Godzilla
&gt; yet
I want to look away but can't
dat ass
can't unsee
can't breathe
C'mon man Houston, TX has a lesbian mayor
that snare sounds so fucking tight
No, you just got meme'd
seriously need context
Fuckin got em
Me too! Poop buddies?
Omg
RISE FROM YOUR GRAVE ZEUS HAS CALLED YOU OUT
Fucking architects sending over all their plans in feet and inches I hate that shit
I'm in surveying and most of the layout we do is based on outside firm's plans. 9/10 times we get the CAD but when we don't it's a real pain in the butt
I didn't even realize io9 was part of gawker
Rick Ross has definitely dropped a few wrestling lines
Lel
What was life like before Bill
F
Nasty Xtina was the best
Looked like Foley wasn't gonna do it and all of a sudden HOLY CRAP OMG OMG HOLY CRAP
I've really been into that new Dog Party record For some reason I got into a huge Nicki Minaj kick I'm setting Cory Branan next week so a lot of his stuff too
Definitely check Wreck &amp; Reference. They're doing something pretty unique
Fitzgerald s Walter's The Summit Mangos (is closing soon) Big Star Bar House Of Creeps Eastdown Warehouse
I think you a word
&gt; Waoh dude it's 'whoa' or 'woah' (which gets the red underline for misspelling anyways) but never 'waoh'
Orbitz
Both my brothers got Cowboy jackets. I hated the Cowboys. I repped the Packers hard.
You don't know my life Wait somehow you do
all these guys are nuts and i LOVE IT
IT'S STILL REAL TO ME DAMNIT
what about chainsaw Charlie
R E E E E E E E E E E E E
&gt; Bright colored i keep a stash of super ugly neon orange and neon yellow shirts just for this hats with crazy patterns too
muh kayfabe
jesus christ
never stop baneposting :')
anyone else here /unrequited/ bayley
What's a kwee noh?
More awareness I think. It's also summer so more people are starting to pull their bikes out of the garage.
bah gawd
fuck yeah Weekend Nachos is my shit
Why? [serious]
I know dude. Friend I ride with gets on my nerves sometimes. Rides with headphones, blows stop signs etc
I just wanted to hug her so much and probably try and hold her hand.
.
More remixes of pop punk songs pls
Statists? What is this? Pls explain (serious)
It seriously is really good
Rear end a car and you might get charged with failure to control speed. Hit a cyclist and say I didn't see him and you get no charge.
&gt; &gt; never stop steinerposting
U G K !!! U G K !!! U G K !!!
Xiotil
I'm Ron Burgundy?
Literally googled 'obscure irish names' and picked four I'd never heard lol
Pinot noir!
Are you Irish?
&gt; Ireland. We have way more obscure. For example Seems like a local spelling of Murray
I can't stand those glaze drenched donuts. Gimme a Shipleys plain glaze any day
Love me some Love Street
ayy
So Swat Katz but in hell?
aren't tree values determined by their width?
Good Lord I love me some Millhouse
Whatever happened with those tvs that now featured yellow?
Chocolate is a JAM
Lawd
y u do dis
so good
Your memes are out of control and I love it
Guests are out of control in this video Katy Perry with the trap arms
fucking adorable
no hay banda
Thanks for following Reddiquitte. I haven't read the rules, so I don't really know though.
They're not bartenders they're *mixologists* /s
High quality post
P
Injustica
John Cena hasn't changed his character in ten years and is generally viewed as boring and unimaginative like potato salad
The older I got the more I enjoyed unsweet tea. Now I don't drink it sweet at all.
He actually loves fancy sauce It cancels out all the bad parts of ketchup and mayo
Bullritos. Freebirds. Mission Burrito.
E
YES it's just as quick I loved it. They're making a second season right?
Tbs shows reruns every day
Plus that rocking body
Lol easiest way to piss off someone in an FJ tell them "nice jeep"
Shame
Rosebud
Well I'm four sixteenth Irish
Lol dae hate bud lite xD
90 &lt;3
/r/wettshirts
*blows into vuvuzela*
BASPINGA
http://i.imgur.com/45rJrce.jpg
Do I look l̴̩̙̻͚͚̩̦͖̎̎͌͆ͅi̛̱̪̟ͣͥ̅ͣ̾ͣ̂̃̚k̨͚͕̫̥͉̙̥̓ͫ͡͠e̡̮̝̮̠͗̀ ̡̜̬̝̜̩ͧ̉̂ͧ̉̀̃̕i͓͚͓̙͕̾ͫ͌̿ ̲͉̺̩̺̯̃͒ͣ̓͌̐ͧ̔̚ k̶̝͉̫͕̰̲̺͍͓̥̺̱̲͛̉̄͒̋ͮ͛͋̌̐ͪ͑̔͟͢n̅̇̂̋̈́̎̊͡͏̘͇͔̺̝̣͕͢ơ̵͈̳̲̮͖̳̦̜̮̹͉̪͎ͩ̿ͫ̔̔̈̓͆̾w̷̨̢̞̫̥̱̖̝̺͙̮͍̺̟̙̪͍̲͉̆ͤ͆͐͊͋ͫ͆ͣ̏ͣ̑ͧ͐̓̒̿ͅ ̢̮͔̲̣̞̞̗̬̝͒̅̓̾̀ͩͯ̽ͧ̒̇̚͜͢͢͠ͅͅw̻͍̲̲͈̃͂̅͌ͧͧ̋ͫ̅ͨ̔̾̎̾̀͜h̵̬̠̞̹̤͓͕̻͇͉̮̳̟͐̅́̚ͅå̃ͣͧ̇̆͒̐ͣ̾̀ͥ̈́̅̓̉̓ͯ҉̛̫̩̼̗̯̹̀̕t̶̨̢̫̩͇̗̪̰̼̪͙̺̤͉̻̩͐͌͌̊ͣ͊̋̍ͤ̎͛ͨͯ͐̃͒ͯ̚͢ͅ ̶̦̲͚͍̤͈̗͕̦̘̭̝̤̼̳͛ͨͦ̎ͦͯ̆ͧ͊̅ͩ́ͧ͊́̕͠a̿̓͛̓ͤ̔ͮ͗̓̒̓̂͛҉͚̗̯͕̕͞ ̶̡̢̌̊ͯ͑̍̓̃҉̗̘̼̦͎̠̠̪͚͍̖̜̜̞̪̮̬͡ͅj̵̵̷̲̼̜͙ͦ̀͒̀̍ͯ̓̋ͦ͐̃ͮ͛̀̚͢p̫͈͓̜̺̮̭̼̟ͨͨ̇ͫ̅̓͒̓̇͋̃͆̄͌̈̏̕eͭ̍͆ͫ̈́̍̂ͣ͏̛̟̱͎̝̱͇̦̤̪̩̠̘̱͔̯̞̹̗͉͘͘g͔̹͍͎̠̰͙̰̳͍ͤ̊ͣ͌̄̌͗̾ͯ̌̀͘͢ͅ ̊̎̿ͬ̽͛̑҉̕҉҉̺̥͕̥̣͕̠͉͉̲̜͡ͅiͨ̐̆ͥͣ̊̎͐ͥ̅̇͗̆ͤ̌̅̿̎̚҉̡̥̫̘͓̩̞̼̕͘͝ͅs̡̖͓͈̥̝̖̲̯̗̬̱̭̠̼̭͕͋̏̎̌̉̃̆̆ͬ̂ͨͪ̓ͧ̇̔̊̕͟ͅ
Coriolis effect
no problem friend :\^)
Hell yeah
kind of expected
Where have you been?
Chokethrow
What's the purpose of the little rope hanging from the turn buckle cover? Is the non active team member supposed to be holding that the whole time? I see guys holding onto it a lot.
Can't believe I've watched this long and not noticed.
Lol commercial
Lesnar apologized to Cole, gave him a noogie. Rollins interfered in a Kane versus Ambrose match when it wasn't really needed. Seth wants to get the band back together, Kane said no. Titus Young is dad of the year. Prime Time Players defeat Ascension. Sheamus enters. Crowd goes mild.
Turn off Raw and go watch Lion King!
Doesn't he have to cash before MITB?
It's WWE! EVERY match is a main event!
T minus...
*honk*
Quick
It is known
SHEAMUS YOU SUCK
Did I just hear a Baba Booey? BRAY!
So weird
BUT HOW CAN HE BE SURE
Neville went down so I'm assuming axe handle
RED ARROW
Brock returns to action... against Kofi
Nope
Spaget
I'VE GOT SOME... damn Oh God this R Truth promo KING WASSUP
Lol wwe logic
Jbl thinks Big Show is the best actor since Tom Hanks
She just looks bored
Oh shit Lana with her hair down is a game changer
Bellas w/Alicia (who joined bells I guess) defeat Tamina &amp; Naomi Naomi missed the Rear View and hit Tamina with it
LOLTECHNICALDIFFICULTIES
2spooky! Now comes Seth and we have 5ish minutes barely
He talked a few weeks ago
Love it SUPLEX CITY
Gotta make the Beast look beatable I'm ok with it
It just did! Yeah it took four people but that's what Rollins does. He stood tall over a beaten down Brock
Gotta get them framed, and they'll take up shelf space
That instant reflection "You're better than this"
lol
NO YOU CAN'T ENJOY WHAT I DON'T PERSONALLY ENJOY
not necessarily the act itself but the disgusting stuff i just stroked to :P
you can almost read his face as he jogs away "dammn.. a little rough on that one.. better tone it down"
*Extremely large sigh of relief*
omg amazing
girl bye
&gt;Nattie &gt;dungeon ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
what's that username mean?
can't i'm at work
What's Fletcher got to do with it?
fuck it i'm at work
+1 for that undercover The Gnarlywine is sooo good too
What if someone's favorite beer is genuinely Heineken? Would that crush your faith in humanity and cause your world to collapse?
From Texas?
Awesome! I'm an hour away from Shiner and that stuff is a way of life down here
Fuck yeah
Yes lol that's the damn joke
U
Hahahahah
Shoot mom
Uhh hold on I closed it
hell yeah
Throw some dill on fish
Keming
No it's mine!
Grackles are so funny the way they puff up and try to intimidate other birds and the other birds usually don't give a shit
DIRTY THIRTY 2015 T minus 57 days!
You're odd
remember when he painted a hole in the wall and ran through it?
who's gonna draw the short straw to try and prank Brock?
And other poolside fashion faux pas
Fuck yeah whole foods is the best bar within five miles Can't beat that rotating selection
Depends on what beer I only like muh craft beers *tips glass*
\#justgovernmentthings
It is! I'm way out in westchase with nothing but neighborhood dive bars where the best tap is usually ziegen bock
Of course she did. In 2004 the majority of people opposed it. No matter what her belief is she's going to echo a majority opinion
ancient_ aliens.jpeg
O
1123581321
Good GOD I loved that old butch shit
Lol not really, I just don't drive and prefer bars within walking distance. Whole foods fits that bill
I love it
I'm not sticking up for Hillary here. I'm saying there wasn't this major push from the public then like there is in 2015, and her stance reflected that, regardless of her actual belief Whereas Bernie has been voting consistently for nearly twenty years
Rae Sremmurd
I like those bars but Alaska has been dead most of the times I've been and bull and bear is usually a pretty older crowd
Did that seriously come across as defending hilarys politics? I need to work on my phrasing
Phrasing! You're about the fifteenh person pissed at me for this comment lol
Yes exactly
BAZINGA
*licks lip*
Don't think I've ever eaten at Alaska. Bull and Bear's food is super though
Exactly! These idiot yellow cabs only seem to want long fares while uber drivers know that they can just do three mile rides all night and do well
my youngest brother got concussed playing high school football. finished most of the game. this was in 2005? probably. says he doesn't remember the second half of the game
hell yeah
Bleu man
welp i guess so
Damnit my memes aren't dank
What is this? Just making fun of cops at donut shops?
Come on Op where's that source
Damn
10%abv / 70 ibu - barleywine &gt;Making a Mondo Ultra Mega Super Premium Barleywine Ale is a little like having a kid. The first part is fun and messy, it takes a while to ferment, and then a whole longer to mature. It is expensive and takes up a lot of space. You worry about how it'll grow up and whether or not you'll still be friends. Eventually it stays out all night and comes home with it's skirt on backwards. You know how it is. Usually we package our ales within 15 days of brewing. This one we aged in tanks for over a month. Why not buy three-? Drink one now, keep one in the 'fridge for a month, and one for another year! Yummy. . .
fuck yeah
dude is June 26th gonna be a holiday in the future?
i clicked it, and RES was taking a bit long to load it up, which makes me think its super high-res and detailed, so i bailed
lol houston drivers amirite xD *heads over to /r/houston to post another bad driver rant and my latest skyline photo*
FUCK I missed juneteenth!
shit what a good weekend to go
ha
holy crap video or not this song is a jam
Have you tried Bud Light Lime?
Good lawd
FUCK YEAH
Lol you and another guy posted the word I was thinking of but couldn't spell
Lol you and another guy posted the word I was thinking of but couldn't spell
Uber/Grindr app incoming. Discreet rides to meteor
If I lurk TwoX I feel like I'm eavesdropping
Well fuck this guy
That user name is incredible
Oooh lol it's you Amazing username
Man go hit that whole foods there's always a friendly crowd
Me and you let's go
If I got a positive balance and more than a week till payday, I'll withdraw a hundred, eat the thirty five dollar charge, and worry about it next week
Science based dragon mmo?
Wait wat Explain
He hasn't said yes :S
Dude with an awesome username
"Not very"
Dude
Cake
Kumail if you're reading this
I get it
They brew it on site
Awesome! All I ever wanted to do in life was invalidate other people's marriage by quietly marrying someone I love
Where and when do they do shows?
Where do these organizations put on shows?
K
I got banned :-(
@@ omg that 21st century
https://tromoticons.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/neil.jpg?w=476
Barleywine?
'tis nothing, friend :\^)
http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/437626-REG/RPG_Diffusor_Systems_SKYEW_2_Skyline_Diffusor_2.html yeah better go ebay. $460 for two 24"x24" panels
Aw it was some crazy fractals like OPs
its polystyrene / foam no clue why it's so expensive
fucking lol
More Rappo stories please!
Does the uber app inform you about surge pricing?
Cool I never heard that! Thanks!
BACK FRONT BACK AND SIDE TO SIDE
Kek
God bless Rappo defending our freedom by doing the best he can :')
F that I got banned for a retarded reason
http://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/3aogc5/me_irl/cset67u
Banned for posting this http://i.imgur.com/fepfRAc.png as a reply when someone specifically said "I'd love to see what 4chan would do with this"
Made it myself lol but it was a direct and relevant response to someone else's comment, not random shitposting
Pomeranian?
&gt; palmeranian You're dating your palm aren't you
(ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง the unseen donger is the deadliest (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง
nice thumbnail
Why would it be better than our base ten? Something to do with there being eight bits to a byte?
Just read the synopsis for this flick it might be funny! !
Enhanced just fur u bb http://imgur.com/capROUo
link pls
\\m/
Got nudes of your gf here http://www.eatonhand.com/jpg/1504333.jpg
SOMEBODY STOP THE DAMN MATCH
Forever young, I want to be forever young
Just waiting fur Kylies turn
If Hitler, Stalin, and Toby were all in the same room together and I had a gun with only two bullets, I would shoot Toby twice.
There's always a Plan B
too afraid to live but i was born to fuck up
THIS CITY IS MY CITY AND I LOVE IT
&gt; hold a bunch of water Just like this city about a month ago
Patrick Stump sings that song
He looked really good tonight
Mobile user here. Turn your phone sideways it looks fine
no
Fuck all that sweet tea noise just give me some unsweetened Texas tea from Whole Foods
Never watched after the first season. I've been meaning to.
I love this
Steve Carrell in Crazy Stupid Love. It was a dramatic comedy, but had some great moments.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
It was freaking hilarious and I tagged you
my uncle's pushing 350 and everyone calls him Slim
Did that in FF7 too far too fast
