And 9 years after the battle of the Beanfeild, Thatcher introduced the 1994 Criminal Justice bill, completing the demonisation of hippies, ravers, youth culture and those that just dare to be different.
Don't you tell me what I can do or not do. I'm going to give you an up vote because I have no idea what the solution to your problem is.
Ha - I'm going to up vote this as well now even though its a reply to a post that has been deleted. All hail chaos!!
Cost of living up, income down to 2000 levels, increase in VAT, Wife lost her job due to government funding cuts - small adjustment in income tax threshold.
I'd go all out for the [dick move](http://www.gear4music.com/PA-DJ-and-Lighting/800W-PA-Bundle-with-Power-Amp-Speakers-and-Cables/ODF) personally. Crank it up for a week then politely ask to discuss noise reduction. Edit: I don't give good advice!
So, a family with 2 kids is going to get £440. Does anyone know of anywhere in the UK you can rent a 3 bedroom house for £440 p/m? As an aside, if you have a few quid, now is the time to convert your property to a B&amp;B and charge £60 per room per night to the council as emergency housing. Your going to get a very good return for your investment...
&gt;“Hundreds of schools, often in disadvantaged areas, are already being turned around thanks to the help of strong academy sponsors" Really,I thought only the first schools to go through the process of acadmaisation were only just starting to go through OFSTEAD inspections. I remember reading that about 63% of schools that had been acadamised were now doing worse that they were before they were privatised. That said, there is an issue with new academies being counted as new schools and a few changes to OFSTEAD so quantifying any loss or gain before and after is, I believe almost impossible anyway, so however you look at this, Morgan is speaking out of her arse again. On a personal note - my kids school was acadamised and it's gone down hill fast. Unfortunately there appears to be no way to sack the academy in charge or swap them for a different, more able provider.
It saves the government money, negates their responsibility to provide education (if it fails) and you can make a shit load of money if you supply the academy trusts.
&gt; If they don't like a trust, they can leave it and join a different one. How does this work in practice? There certainly isn't a complaints procedure in place out side of the trust itself. My kids school is run by an Academe Trust and we (parents, governors and staff) seem unable to find *any* way to change them for a different, more able provider.
Good or bad, a job is a job, but it does look like the NE is the only place in the country where unemployed family's will be able to live.
high-quality jobs.... that are deeply involved with the international arms trade.
Thanks for the reply. The contract / agreement is very wooly and was signed I believe by the LEA.
Oh! Yeah... Ummm my bad!
Hmmm... Still think I might retire to a beach in Mozambique though.
I would agree with you but unfortunately circumstance sometimes dictates that an ideal situation is not possible.
Thanks for the reply
HaHa... I can tell you don't have kids. Threat my arse. Produce a "Fun / Treat sized" anything and you get to see a whole range of emotions from quivering lipped disappointment through to violent rage. On the other hand, get a normal mars bar and just it up into six equally sized (but smaller bits) and they are more than happy.
Not at all. Its weird though because I can cut up a mars bar into 6 equal bits and they love it, even though its about 10% smaller than an individual fun sized one. Its like they realise the whole fun sized thing is a con and would prefer to share the standard sized one. Mind you, it might just be the older ones trolling me and getting the little girls to back them with violent protest. Pro tip - Never train females to be strong willed and confident individuals.
Personally I stopped smoking when I couldn't get hold of resins easily.
Don't be stupid - With GCHQ watching us and plans to remove the human rights act, the government is working damn hard to make sure there will never be a revolution. All you are going to get is a deliberately ill educated working class watched over by a ruling elite. Anyone with half a brain and a chance of escaping will have left to live somewhere else.
Neither is cutting benefits for the disabled, monitoring the entire population or scrapping human rights. Admittedly the housing crisis and explosion in zero hours contracts is subjective though as a lot of people are making a lot of money out of exploiting both. As I said, it boils down though to what you call a "functional country".
Fair enough. If someone told me it was spicy chicken, I would probably eat it regardless of how much or little I had had to drink. Fucking sea snails though - that's just minging.
Apple crumble is a good idea. I'm meant to be showing them what great food we have here and you want me to serve them gurle like some 13c peasant? I'm from Cornwall and not Scotland. I don't have to make them eat stuff like that!
As a family man myself, I would go for both options.
:(
&gt; What's wrong with chillies Nothing in my book although I do have form for making kids cry with my food. Alot!
And if you go to any farmers market (livestock not yuppie) you can get a whole chicken for £1.00. OK its a bit fresh but if you can't prepare it you shouldn't eat it.
&gt; afternoon tea Yeah good one - afternoon tea! Clotted cream and scones. I can't believe I forgot this! I'm trying to do as many "traditional" English dishes as possible so I'm staying away our normal fair which is mainly Mediteranian / Middle Eastern / Asian for the most part. Saying that though I might do a Pad Tai and Chicken Satay for some of the breakfasts as I'm running out of ideas that stretch beyond cereal / gruel.
&gt;fresh fruits, salads and home cooked meals with plenty of colourful veg As per normal then (we are smug "cooked from scratch" fuckers down here in Cornwall) :) Anyway, as the resident pro foodie - can you recommend any traditional regionally appropriate dishes? (I have to say that otherwise haggis will end up being mentioned)
Really? Can I ask why it doesn't sit with you? Do you not make a mental connection between a roast chicken and a living bird or do you just see it as something from Tesco you can bung in the oven? If it was a bad childhood experience, how do you distance your self from that and your Sunday roast? I'm not being arsey here but do I find this interesting. To me it seems very natural and normal (Upbringing I guess) and even my kids primary school annually raise a few pigs as a project and get them turned into sausages to flog at the school fate. Mind you, its a very rural school and there are a lot of farmers kids there.
Took the brood for a walk on Dartmoor. Had egg sandwiches and pork pies whilst the kids played in a river, then returned home and made some pizza dough whilst Mrs Dwair spent 30 minuets persuading the toddler to leave the safety of the car and come into the house. Cider planned for later.
Fair enough I suppose - I wouldn't want to kill anything that I had an emotional attachment to. The thing is, you don't form an attachment to live stock. They are like co-workers or something. Pets yes a attachment is made (and I wept for days when one of my 4 dogs had to be put down) but live stock I just don't have an issue with outside their welfare. As you say, its your upbringing and what you are used to. I guess my upbringing (ex pat kid in about 6 African countries) and then 20 odd years doing the same as an adult means fresh meat prep is very normal for me, but here in the UK we are completely insulated from the process. Half the stuff sold in supermarkets doesn't even look like meat let alone a bit of a cow, and you never see people slaughtering animals in everyday life. In Africa, its on every rural street corner. Get chickens if you can - they are great. Go to a live stock market and buy a bunch for a few quid and let them go free range. If you want to eat one fine - you have given them a bit od a good life. If not, its still fine and they will have a great time.
The thing is, as one of the most deprived and under developed parts of Europe, Cornwall gets a massive amount of funding from the EU - because the county doesn't get it from Westminster (hence being hugely deprived in the first place) Now some would argue that if Westminster didn't have give the money to the EU, Cornwall would receive more from central government. This is a great idea - only no one at Westmister has said they will match the EU funding, or even give any development funds at all to the county. As far as the Cornish can see, that cash, as it has been in the past, will be diverted to the SE.
No - I didnt miss the /s but I wanted hammer home the idea that parts of the UK ~~rely~~ on the EU to survive to those who didn't realise it and thought that payments to the EU were one sided. I grew up in Cornwall, lived for 20 years in Gwynedd and then moved back down south to Cornwall so I understand how hard it would be on an area if funding was removed.
&gt;Their judicial review challenges were the first to be brought against the coalition government's decision in 2014 to narrow eligibility for an award Not sure who else to throw the blame at as the Torys held dominant position by way of the vast majority of seats.
We, in the Dwair household, have started to use a numbering system as it means they are easier to keep track of. Saying that though, we use a lot of nick names too. At the moment the Toddler is being called "Arse Baby" and all the other kids have taken great delight in printing out loads of labels with this on it and sticking them on all her stuff. (She is called "Arse Baby" as she is firmly embedded in the terrible twos and quite frankly is being an arse most of the time)
Clever people with charts telling us how fucked and hopless we are.
&gt; Loss of a limb wouldn't stop me working. No, but a heart attack and mild stroke would if you work in IT. I has me, and I am no where near disabled nor count myself as such. Really, check your insurance as none of mine pay out as I wasn't "ill" enough not to work after 5 weeks but certainly ill enough that I had to fold 2 very profitable businesses after growing them for 25 years. Also don't count being fit and healthy living as insurance either - I actually tried to run off my heart attack as I thought 10k over the moors would "loosen" me up a bit and the fresh air would do me good. 4 years seeing what its like on the other side of the fence has shown me what can go wrong despite planning well and being self made, so wind your arrogance in a bit please. Edit - Oh yeah, I forgot. I also support 2 children and 4 step children as well - which used to be OK on £80k net a year
It might be safe and friendly but why does he keep his eggs in the fridge? I reckon that's a bit suspicious if you ask me.
So the UK is still the "Sick man of Europe" and we had to endure Thatcher for nothing? Great. That's really, really, great.
Undercover police pin down and shoot a brown person with rucksack in the head multiple times seemingly at random and in cold blood after following him onto the tube. The CPS decide that this is acceptable behavior. Much consternation and gnashing of teeth follows as the UK reveals its shoot to kill policy involving brown people and rucksacks.
Galloway is a dick but he is right. London *is* run by &amp; for the elite.
Disclosure legislation surrounding breaches is a fair point, however I feel that it is up to the individual company involved to make sure they metaphorically lock the door when they go out. That said, as Blue Coat point out - its still not going to stop employees telling people where the keys are kept.
Lots and lots of desperate people without jobs make for a good captive market.
Na - we just ditched Sky as there was very little stuff on that anybody watched. Thanks for the offer though
Fair enough - this really should be TheRedLion ^TM with fully accredited creators. Mind you, what with yourself and Moonies heavy handed and dictatorial presence in the wings and the continuous manipulation of content for your own nefarious ends, I can see how the grass may be greener.
Wasn't this discussed last year and it was decided the thing you needed most in your life was a large two handed broad sword?
This weekend I had man flu or TB. Not sure which but my chest actually hurts from all the coughing. Not my lungs, but the muscles round my ribs. And I have a throat like I have been swallowing glass.
Na - I'm with your brother in law on this. Compared to other trousers they are massively uncomfortable My other comment... &gt; They are cold in winter and chafe like mad when its wet. In the summer they are really sweaty and unless you get a really baggy and weird looking pair, you can't move your legs in them. Also the pockets are rubbish so you end up carrying a bag with you as you mince up the street like a bad parody of a 1970's Thai lady boy.
Gosh - Snowden is being smeared by officials and departments that he blew the whistle on! I didn't see that one coming. So basically the powers that be are trying make out that he's the bad guy and that it was wrong to disclose the nefarious and illegal actions of our government. In my mind that makes the nameless sanctimonious twats who prowl silently down the carpeted corridors of Whitehall, just that little bit more vile and despicable than they were before.
Humans - Yup. Lots of potential there. I will watch that and not only because Katherine Parkinson is in it (We likes 'er. We likes 'er in a special way we does) Have you watched Fringe? My self and Mrs Dwair got hooked on that last year and did 5 seasons over about 6 weeks.
I don't believe that /u/Samson--Strange is downvotes4 or any of the other Samsons for that matter. They are all different people masquerading as different accounts masquerading as the same person.
I fucking knew it.
You can't leave it hanging like that... How did it go?
Its all that inner anger mate. You need to listen to some Debussy or some nice 16c Choral shit in the morning rather than Thrash Death Hip-Hop or what ever...
Sounds good. Fingers crossed they are a Keeper. (Just don't shown them your collection of used litmus papers yet in case you scare them off)
Can we have a riot now? Please!
&gt;the internet age, the time of apathy So true, much sad.
Over priced and dubious quality then?
Descent food, workers rights, effective unions... that kind of thing guess.
Edit - wrong post!
Well done you! I couldn't imagine trying to do an exam with a migraine. I haven't had one in years thank god but I do remember them as being particularly vile and debilitating.
&gt; maybe if i stop being fat they'll go away though Na - I was very fit and healthy, had a great diet and all that jaz and it still buggered me up. Better to not miss the opportunity of pies now while you still can if you ask me. If the truth be told, what really kicked it off for me was Mrs Dwair proposing to me in the morning. 10am she's asking for my hand ect. By 12 I'm asking to be driven to A&amp;E as I felt a bit weird and had chest pains.
There are a lot of us about ;)
&gt; You are such an apologist No I just want you to explain why you think the Middle East is better now, post Blair, that it was before. If you really want a bonus question, how is this justifiable? Even if you just take Iraq, a single country - Unisef put a figure of 500,000 children dead due to collateral war damage and the effects of sanctions, how is this justifiable? Its no good idolising the man if you can't put up any sort of defence against his actions.
I agree and I'm the first person to oppose UKIP. Without smaller poo parties we are stuck with an American two horse race, and have the choice of the lesser of two evils. Ha - just seen the auto correct. I'm going to leave it though as its quite apt really :)
When something shits on you repeatedly from a great height, you owe it little allegiance. If you cannot change the system, all you can do is change your involvement with it. Emigration is a good option. Don't let a miss directed feeling of loyalty hold you back. The UK will not be loyal to you. Go abroad for a few years. I did more or less through out all the Thatcher years and THB it was great and I regret coming back 15 years ago.
Just one of the many reasons why leaving the EU is a bad idea.
Marketing / brand awareness done right by "[First day of spring](http://www.fdos.nl/)" a dutch marketing company. Pushing [Kipling](http://www.kipling.com/uk-en/) fashion bags.
No a good example. I don't think that the NHS has quotas yet, for say, removing sick people from the system by not curing them and letting them die. If this was an isolated incident I would agree with you - but its not. It could have also been rectified in the first instance - but it was not.
&gt; The country has rightfully decided that far too many people are living off the state. Wasn't it something like 32% of the people who voted - ie a small majority? Anyway - Who the hell is "You lot"? I always thought that "respect" was something that was earned. At least that's what I was taught and its something I am passing on to my children. I'm certainly not going to respect a government that deliberately the most vulnerable people in its society, nor the people that support it.
I guess that it depends on what laws that country has. Not that long ago they used to shoot people for trying to leave Eastern block counties.
Nothing wrong with a well worn growler having a molt.
&gt; Isn't there some kind of miracle drug out yet Cocaine?
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
EEEKKK!! Glad you are ok mate - those things *really* scare me.
If this was by a friend or someone I knew, I would feel the same. Unfortunately its a whole lot more random than that.
Hmm - your the second person that's likened me to Bill Oddie recently. I'm not sure I like where this is heading.
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
Bill the police and include a fee for the 3 weeks your car has been out of action? That way they might at least tell you who the other driver is.
Happy Birthday!! Have a good library. (E for Edana?)
Very little. I would guess that there are more than a few names at Lloyds who are senior FO staff and stakeholders at Tomas Cook. The travel company et al will have insured against loses created by this advice being given so I cant see "Sir Twonk" issuing a statement that is going to potentially cost him millions.
I did this 5 years ago. Had a bi-pass and got better although I'm disappointed I spent so many years going for a run and eating cabbage. Good luck with it all.
I mean... we *could* be attacked by giant space hamsters too...
"Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow"
Yeah - but its the latest Conservative government that has really gone to town on the whole idea. They are the ones rather than repealing the regulatory powers have strengthened them - and are seeking to make them stronger again.
This £13k we are paying in tax. Does this include VAT, Fuel Duty, Import Duty and Council Tax or is it based solely on income tax?
&gt;If the UK were to put more funding into staff and software tools to track transactions and build up a profile of users, it would help banks and other private financial services to do a job they've largely taken upon themselves. Said Keatinge. &gt; 70 transactions worth a total of $80,000 from 54 senders in 17 different countries between April and September 2014. $80k is not going to fund a war. $80k is chicken feed. It might however be enough to give the Police, GCHQ and god knows who else enough of an excuse to profile the general public with say minor tax fraud if they want. If the UK was serious about stopping funding, they need to look at controlling major sponsors - such as the house of Saud and other Middle Eastern pipelines from Kuwait and Quatar . This however wouldn't perpetuate the destabilisation of the reign needed as a smoke screen to protect those invested in maintaining a solid flow of wealth and oil out of the Gulf.
I just Googled it and found its more popular than I thought! You can even [mount them in Crocs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-VCmaoU0G8)
Livin' the dream babe, just livin' the dream.
27.9 deg in my shed. The ambient heat from the servers is making it horrid :(
Yeah - but its the humidity that gets you. 27-28 in the UK feels like the 40's in a dry desert heat. Over about 45 in the sun and your sweat evaporates strait off you so you don't even feel very sticky.
Ha - I don't have mission critical stuff running very often, The shed is more a staging post between my clients, my work and places like Rackspace where it all ends up. With my internet connection only going above 0.5meg in the last 3 months, I could hardly be hosting stuff myself (its now 79.95 so I'm well chuffed :) As for VM's - I already use them quite bit for testing stuff. However, One widows box emulates my shared win hosting, one is a copy of a clients server, the Linux box emulates my shared Linux hosting. I have another box that deals with all my office stuff like exchange, git and backs up everything and throws it off site. My office pc connects to everything so I work on that. In the Right Corner I have my lappy that I use for Reddit and in the Left Corner I have a box running Kali Linux that the kids use for torrenting copies of Frozen and Yo Gabba Gabba (at least that's what they tell me they are doing with it) For the most part all this is laziness - I can work by just changing screens and clicking connect to xyz and jobs done. I could use a VM for it all but hot swapping environments all the time confuses me.
[shed pic](http://i.imgur.com/Fm8lKc0.jpg) For some clients yes, others I build bespoke websites or design db's for.
So I take it you live in part of the country lucky enough to have public transport and you are rich enough to be able to afford the massive hikes in living costs associated with picking and transporting your cabbages then?
Ain't no-body saying it's a lie.
What part of London? I generally visit West so usually Hammersmith / Fullam near to where I am going? If you want to be near a tube, around Barons Court is good for spaces. TBH I have never found London any worse than anywhere else for parking really.
&gt;FiL and BiL What are these? I am old and I don't understand youth speak. Edit: and by youth I mean anybody under 30
And reddit gets a little more like mumsnet every...
Pre-booking car hire and flights make them cheaper too - which was the point I was making, and why I was comparing standard fares. The cheapest I have seen Bristol / Marrakech was £7.50 return. I don't think I can get out of the county on that by train at any time.
Not Hull. Not random enough. How about Lagos
Yeah he is ok apparently despite his slightly creepy TV persona. A actor friend of mine has worked with him and said he was incredibly committed and professional with his Cbeebies stuff. It's a shame really as I would have preferred him to be a raging alcoholic diva given to tantrums and inappropriate behavior.
Enjoy Morocco
&gt; maybe the majority have no desire to participate in stupid fucking online petitions... I think this hits the nail on the head. I don't think many people outside the SE want to be associated with a Westminster government as its too detrimental to anyone but the SE, but online petitions have become somewhat of what of a joke.
Maybe he is a good banker but thinks Spain is nicer than the UK to live in.
I prefer the writings of Marks to Giovanni Gentile and Carl Schmitt so the finer points probably went over my head. Besides, since the Bae of Pigs, I have tried to avoid thinking about traditional Tory entertainment.
Just as likely to be a gay person, or someone who wasn't white, or someone who was white and just thought he was a wanker, or even a white UKIP supporter who thought he wasn't racist enough. It's not as though he isn't disliked enough by enough different sectors of society to just blame the leftys.
So does Wayshrines of Tamriel V2 work with followers? (I seem to remember the first version had an issue with this)
Thank you Moonie. I trust your domestic knowledge in this as you are clearly someone who knows these things
That's not weird at all. That is good organisation. I do the same but put it flat on top so I can press the contents of the bin down and get more in.
Spoons first? WTF? That's like a mental illness. Swap them for the knifes.
The best sausages I have had are the ones my kids primary school do as a class project every year. They get a couple of pigs, lodge them at a farm down the road to fatten them up and by Christmas they have been turned into sausages and flogged off at the Xmass Fair.
rm -r .git And pretend they were never there in the first place?
I agree that the original comment was badly thought out gibberish. World courts? We don't need those. All we need is a large crowd armed with pitchforks and flaming brands. (joke!) On a serious note though, I do feel that there should be some sort of legal process for those policies that deliberately make a mess of things despite the advice of experts, or maybe for policies that I don't like much or...fuck it. Who gets to decide? This is way too complicated to work out, bring back the pitchforks!
Seems to be little difference with the corn laws and current Tory policy though. Seems more like a re-branding exercise really, like when they change the name of the "War Office" to the "Ministry of Defense" to make it sound like a benevolent organisation.
&gt;An NHS England spokeswoman said: "These claims are wrong - more patients are getting the dental care they need, and 93% of people got an NHS dental appointment when they wanted one in the last 24 months." I have had my family on 15-20 waiting lists for over 3 years now. At this rate I am going to have to increase my search to practices over 60 miles away.
&gt;the waiting lists are some form of conspiracy It's the governments secret way of counting up how many poor people there are left. Once the waiting list hits zero, they know that all the poor people have died off or no longer have an address to register and their work will be done.
My Dad did this. He had a 3 week holiday to Bucharest and saved himself about £4k getting his knashers done. It caused a right storm in a tea cup when the local rag got hold of the story. From his experience I would recommend this wholeheartedly over British treatment if you have to go private.
It is but there is a weird unnatural dressing they use at my local that I love the taste of.
He got in the local rag on the front page and the head of the NHS Dental SW denied the cost of getting the treatment / costs details and got proved wrong. The local rag then started a vendetta against NHS dentistry and a campaign to get access for all was started. Our local MP took up the torch for a bit and things got better - only he got voted out last May.
Hmm...I lived on and off in Snowdonia for over 20 years before moving south and I can safely say that on the whole N.Wales is the most inhospitable place I have ever been. Really, Kabul and Eastern Congo have nothing on Caernarfon on a Friday night for bad vibes.
And if I signed the family up for BUPA I wouldn't have to bother the NHS at all with my or my families health problems. It is a solution but it only compounds the problem.
Fair enough, my last one used to reply to everything, even if it was a quick cut and paste from the party guidelines.
I guess you have never tried to use their self assessment gateway then. The bottleneck will be sending data to HMRC rather than your collection. Loging on to this system sucks. It's like they are using a dial up connection hooked up to an old 386 running server 2000.
&gt; frail sounding ?? I had you down as a loud, angry, shouty type of lass.
Sony Bravia TV's that only last 2 or 3 years, Turkish washing machines that last 2 years, Filipino microwaves that last about 12 months, semi disposable desktop printers that last about 6 months, Far Eastern cars that fall to bits after 120k miles... More to the point, these things are economically unfixable due to shipping half way round the world. Compared to 30 years ago, things seem to break far more readily. (IE my 30 year old freezer assembled/made in hull is till going)
That's rubbish :(
Late to the thread so I hope it goes OK for you today at the counseling. I got sent to counseling last year and I think overall it was beneficial and helpful. I had a few problems dealing with the impact of some health issues I have had and the occy' therapist I was seeing sent me along. Although I had never been to a counselor before, I'm fairly receptive and got a lot out of it. For me the gain was having someone impartial to talk to and guide me through the thought processes that has lead me to where I am now in my head and how to look at moving positively forward. That said I also enjoyed myself by playing "stock phrase bingo", seeing how long I could get the counselor to talk about themselves and not me, and trying to apply the weirder bits of Nietzsche to the session summaries. Anyway, Its worth doing the 8 or however many sessions. At the very least it will help you to put some perspective on your issues, at best it will set you off toward recovery with a good road map. Also well done with the fags!
Cheers. As an aside, the beard comb on the " Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought" bit looks like a wooden nit comb. I hand ever thought of getting nits in my beard. I'm going to have to shave the kids now just to be on the safe side.
I find this quite amazing. Are people worried that something is actually going to happen to them or that just something will happen in the capital? If it is the later - fair enough. There is a small chance that a terrorist attack will happen at some point by some organisation or other. If it is the former, that people are actually scared that they will be indiscriminately targeted and hurt / killed in an attack, I worry for the mental health and gullibility of the nation. Do something like 4 million people really think it is probable that they are going to get caught up in something? Get a grip and worry about something tangible like an over worked doctor giving you the wrong drugs, being hit by a bus or something that is actual likely to happen to you.
Ahhh...1967 was a dam fine year then. Don't feel bad about it though - another couple of years and we hit 50. Now that is old.
Double Commiserations. Hosting a kids party with out copious booze in the kitchen and a mirror in the bathroom is an unthinkable faux pas.
&gt; It's all OK because Saudi Arabia is helping ~~us catch~~ finance the terrorists or something.
Friday night - delivered some children to their "other" parents for the weekend with Mr Dwair then went to the pub for dinner. Had a nice casserole with a flaky pastry lid, had a couple of pints and cheered on Exeter playing Liverpool. The Pub is now offering a 10% discount for locals which is nice. Then went home and fell asleep on the sofa for a bit and was in bed for 10:15. Love the mutt pic and love his/hers jumper. Our elderly Whippet has a fleece harlequin winter coat but your jumper beats this hands down.
God you are naive. How do you think all the BAE sales were show cased before they were sold to Saudi and the Gulf States? As for the west not harming millions, why do you think the war in Mali and Niger kicked off and how did the militants in the Sudan, CAR, Mauritania and Yemen get hold of their arms? We didn't just fuck over a single country - we fucked up the whole of the N.Africa and half of the middle east with our ineptitude.
One problem is that many parents don't know how to behave. The other is that different people have different ideas about how kids should behave. For instance I have tried to instill the idea into my kids that racism, bestiality and burning £50 notes in front of homeless people is wrong. How about you David. How do you stand on this you Botha loving, pig fucking sociopath?
Granted no rules are broken but personalty I see a problem with people taking a ministerial post in order to secure future employment in a similar sector. If you look at it that way, the role in leadership of our country is being reduced to CV fodder and potentially huge bias is attached to ministerial decisions.
2 or 3 meters of 30 amp cooker cable. Poke it down and around the u-bend a few times. Works better than a plunger for blockages.
&gt;it might not even be in the bathroom This. I watched my Dad wreck his house over a week long orgy of carpet lifting and floor board pulling. The carpets never went down properly again and my mother did her nut. It's just not worth it. He never found the smell and my mum threatened to move out if he didn't stop.
Don't go - We all love you!
Can you get round the sides? Bit of a bodge but just Kango a 1'-18" deep strip round the outside of the footings. The water should permeate through the softer stuff like a french drain but you won't need to dig it out and put a pipe into it.
Ah yes... A "report" by The Gatestone institute. The mouthpiece of Neocoservitive and racist Nina Rosenwald, the philanthropist who has donated millions to promoting Zionism and ﻿ Islamophobia to America, peddling hate again as a sugar coated intellectual debate. What a truly vile human being she is.
Is it illegal to sell non-endangered monkey heads like Baboons or Colobus monkeys? Obviously endangered monkeys are a no-no but common monkeys?
Yesterday we ran out of heating oil. Today I have been cutting fire food. Later I will be topping up the tank with 25l jerry cans of oil and sucking it through 20m of 5mm pipe to get the boiler working again.
&gt;Tyr's Day If it was old (celtic dark ages times) English, wouldn't the "Y" be pronounced "ee" - Teers Day?
Wow. Have a read of the comments section at the bottom.
Yes, but how would you tell if your records were excluded
I usually ask the same questions of my kids at the end of the day and get a stock answer "I dunno, nothing. Why are you asking me all these questions? Leave me alone. What's wrong with you? Why are you hassling me?"
Are you saying it is bad to make them all sit on the sofa in height order and question them one at a time?
Basically, where I live is sparsely populated (not by Auz standards though) and there are lots of very old houses and farms that never got around to being connected to mains utilities. The area has a reputation for interbreeding (webbed hands and feet) but has some of the best surf in the UK. The couple using the well (natural water source + bucket on a string) want to put a bore hole through a graveyard on their property but the local administration are objecting because its a graveyard. Mr /r/XVIIBravo lives in a grimy northern town somewhere in the north of the country where it always rains and they wear flat caps and race whippits and stuff whilst shuffling to factories in the morning. This apparently is the height of modern sophistication.
Pastys and cream teas. I rest my case.
Honestly, try Samosas for a fortnight and tell me I'm wrong.
Pah. It's freezing cold here. Anybody who is enjoying the sun make me shudder with jealousy. Actually, on that note and to sow a small seed of doubt, have you found any landmines yet? The whole of the Algeria / Morocco border area on both sides was really heavenly mined in the 60's all the way from the coast down to TanTan. On the Algerian side there is a big fence running the whole length about 30 km from the border to keep people out. I don't think the Moroccans ever bothered... Enjoy the sun!
Just bring it to the UK in a suitcase and give it to the vendor to sort out.
No it's not. They are different countries to start with. To say the difference between New York and California is the same as Scotland to Greece shows a complete lack of geographical, political and cultural understanding of the world you live in. It would be like lumping continental North and South America together as one entity. Are you the same as a Colombian or Brazilian? I think you need to travel more.
I'm just green with envy. I love Morocco. It's cold and wet here.
That's rubbish! Glad survived the mugging though. I had to take my eldest daughter to her 10 Tors training at 7am which was fairly grim. The rest of the day will mainly revolve around being a house husband, cutting wood for the fire and cleaning the house.
We have a bit of mild and damp down here in the Sunny South West. I miss having winters that are like winters.
I've seen Unicorns before and people with giant legs but I have never gone itchy on shrooms before.
Ring round any local (non national) hire places and see if you can get a deal?
&gt;if we store it appropriately in specially designed underground vaults and properly designed flasks then it is safe. That's not safe. That's like saying Ebola is only a risk if you go around licking people.
Being completely humorless about this now, you are right. However, we know what happens when your house is on fire, we have had years of experience dealing safely with gas hobs and still people manage to burn their houses down or blow them up by accident. Sometimes it is human error, sometimes it is down to design and construction defects. The problem with storing radioactive waste is we have only 60 years experience with dealing with stuff that is potentially dangerous for thousands of years. Any science around disposing of it is at best an educated guess. It was only in 1993 that they stopped dumping ferrous barrels of it in the ocean. We have come a long way since then, but we still don't know how or where to dispose of it safely. All we can do is hide it away and hope that future generations may be able to clear up our mess.
&gt; you can get down on your knees and beg for forgiveness from the Don for being so anti-American Why? We favor China now.
Dear God that's terrifying (Do you like real ale and land rovers too?)
[Christian Terror Group in Central African Republic offers Muslims ‘convert or die’ ultimatum](http://thedebateinitiative.com/2015/10/27/christian-terror-group-in-central-african-republic-offers-muslims-convert-or-die-ultimatum/)
Ironically, I have been binge watching Breaking Bad this week too...
&gt; due process is not being followed. What's next? The government can't privatize the NHS fast enough so people are told they need to pay for operations that they don't really need to I guess its illustrating what could be next? Edit: spelling
It could also be a lot better. Everyone is different and everyone has different expectations.
Having lived through the ninety's, /u/Virtarak is right. At least there was hope that things would get better back then. Now we know it won't.
Racist trolls first thing in the morning? FUCK OFF please
&gt;Look at me being all taxman-y. Na - that's just helpful and sensible advice really. Anyway, the oil fairy came in the night (Who the hell does deliverers before 7 am?), I have bled out the boiler and now have heating again. Oil prices are down so it's cheap heating this year for us as this delivery will last us into the summer now. To celibate, I have just made myself a full English. Hopefully the rest of the day will pan out just as well
If you get a Hilux and drive it off road, remember to cut 18" off the chassis and load bed at the back and weld a guard over the steering rack otherwise it won't go up and down slopes without grounding and winching out!
I'll agree that the 70 series is a great car. I had an HJK75 in Namibia for about 18 months and found it very capable although a little long for nimble driving (125 inch wheel base compared to 110 on a Defender) and the old fashioned leaf springs meant there was quite a bit less articulation and it was prone to cross-axleing (It was also more than a bit like riding a jack hammer on corrugated roads!) TBH, If you could get parts for it easily in the UK and if it would have passed emission controls, I would have kept it as it was great to drive. The 4.5l engine left the defender for dust and the cab was so nice you would never dream of driving it through water deep enough to get the carpets wet. 10/10 would buy one again.
Where I live is 17 miles from the exchange. (I'm also not on any mains services) I used satellite or G3 up until last march when the exchange was enabled and they laid fiber across the moors to my local cabinet. I now get 74.78meg on average. There can only be 9 phone lines into the cabinet because there aren't that many houses round here.
&gt;It's why the physical infrastructure should be publicly owned. Agreed. Infrastructure needs to be non-commercial.
Well you never know, there might be a population explosion or something round my way soon...
Many people. There has to be at least half a dozen personalities at work in there.
Ring 111 and get them to make a GP appointment
Britian has been supplying arms and secondment troops to fight wars in Southern Arabia since 1958, although this has re-phrased as "Loan Services" since the 1980's and is now covered by official secrets act. [Oman as an example](http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/written_answers/1983/mar/09/oman-secondments) However, it is a fairly open secret that the UK is very heavily involved in the reign. We fairly openly supply arms, methodology, logistics and training to KSA and the rest of the Gulf states. We are involved morally and legally to the same extent that the US was in Vietnam pre 1965. It's not a very good place to be, especially when you conciser the regimes we are supporting.
Sounds like one of our family days out although until recently we had the long wheel base version. 3 in the front, 3 in the back seats and 6 in the back on the benches with the dogs. All have factory fitted seat belts though!
Is it just me or do I see a problem with the word "supporter" here? Millions of people support millions of different organisations, ideals, religions (and all sorts of other things like sports clubs, bands you name it) but I guess less than 1% ever become more than active, and even fewer do anything nasty. The support for the IRA both in NI, Eire and the US was (is?) very strong. People might condone direct action but very few went out and build a car bomb or shot at policeman. I support Greenpeace but I'm quite unlikely to go and chain myself to a North Sea rig or even rattle a tin outside Tesco for that matter.
[BGAN Sat Modem](http://www.bgansatellite.com/). Freelance web dev. Nicest place I ever worked from was out in the Sahara about 300 miles from the closest human being. Namibia and Kenya are nice too. I'm not sure I have a favorite, but if I ever do, it will be miles from anywhere out in the bush.
No. The Torys have had nearly 6 years to sort it out now. You have to stop the buck somewhere. This is Tory policy and nothing more. Blaming immigrants is a lazy and near sited way to view the reasons why our government is cutting funding to vital services, especially as migrants bring a net raw finial and overall economic gain to the country. If you are historically going to look at causes, I suggest you examine the policies of successive Tory Governments of the '50s regarding mass immigration from non European countries.
I'm with you on that one. I had an iPhone for years and recently Mrs Dwair gave me a 2nd hand Nokia Lumia. I think it's great.
It wouldn't put me off viewing it anymore than the house itself (not my thing)
It depends where you sit on the political fence. If the Tories reduced costs for trident and maybe scrapped one of the planned carriers and put the money saved directly into health and education, I would probably vote for them.
&gt;it'd be a literal drop in the ocean in comparison to NHS and education spending. I agree, but continuing to spend on things we don't need is like someone on the dole complaining they are broke but still buying a packet of fags every day. Every little helps!
So what I gather form this is that its not deemed ok if we read our politicians confidential emails - but it's OK if other countries do.
Fair enough - I guess you are a very young or dangerous driver. Mines about £15 p/m
&gt; do we seriously imagine people from the West will be heading to South Asia or Africa in their droves. To be fair, I'm the only person I know who is looking to move from the UK to Botswana or Mozambique because I don't like Europe much.
I quite liked it personally, the beaches are great but each to their own.
No - but anyone (from any party) found guilty should be should be arrested and tried for serious fraud with a potential for a custodial sentence.
Old news is best news
&gt; clotted cream [Clotted Cream](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clotted_cream) Natures way of lubricating your arteries.
:(
Yaeh that was the main thrust there was a lot of pre and post whatever "local" history in a sort of time line major event type way.
Speaking as a Dad, this is true. I'm currently wearing a "Daddy Pig" Christmas t-shirt, shorts and crocks with socks. Mind you, I gave up worrying what I looked like over 30 years ago.
Kinda true though. I moved from the last paragraph to the middle one a while back. I used to be very accepting about other cultures when abroad and now I just shout loudly in English at foreigners about the drains and stuff.
Hang on - This is sod all to do with the referendum. Its the Torys as a party that have deceived the public with regards to the economy since they came to office. No one knows what will happen if we leave. Both sides are just guessing what will happen. There is no deception from either side as they don't know how it will effect the econemy. It might be good, it might be very bad. Stop taking a wild stab in the dark and labeling it as fact.
My God! I feel like Che Guevara!
&gt; I am saying that you are trying to solve a situation tackling the wrong problem. I agree with this. Most of the UK's problems are internal and successive governments have only compounded the problems for decades rather than attempt to solve them.
Yeah...I realised that after I posted - I'll make you one tomorrow if you want?
Umm I dont think you know what isolationist means. The Falklands are isolated due to location. Isolationist means that we do not get involved with other nations
Hasn't there been about 200k homes stuck intestate, repossession etc since anybody can remember?
&gt; because apparently, according to him (there are reasons he's my ex) crisp butties are "odd" That there is a red flag with out doubt.
Weird food combinations? Not sure if it counts but I often get called out for eating non-breakfast things for breakfast, mainly curries and far eastern fair laced with loads of fresh chilies. I just can't bare to start the day with a bit of oat gruel and dry bread or something - a spicy lamb kebab or veg satay is so much more civilised.
As an Eastern European visitor, you seem to have a very accurate way of describing British politics.
&gt;the area behind Slough station now looks like Dubai Umm... No. I remember Dubai from 1973, well before the build and bust days of the '90s and it didn't look that shit even then.
Its difficult to say if other members get more benefits as our government doesn't apply for things like the European Solidarity Fund (eg flood aid) or the full benefits of Objective One Funding for deprived areas. Maybe that's because we would have to give the cash back on exit? Who knows? No one can predict the future. I wouldn't describe it as a punishment though, more a cessation of EU benefits that we would find punishing because we left, and with no chance of negotiation better trade and finance deals for decades. Who knows? No one can predict the future.
Ba-boom tish!
Wankers? The wanky academy chain that has just cut a load of hours from the TA's at my kids school. It's only a small rural primary school but in the last 2 years since they have taken over all the support staff have left, 4 out of 3 teachers have left, 1 TA out of 4 and we are getting on for the 3rd change of head - taking over until they can talk someone into taking the position permanently. The TA's position is particularly galling as they only earn £9k p/a for a full time position and cutting a 1/5 off this will make working at the school untenable for most of them. I know 2 of them are now looking other work. Bottom line - running a school like a business is a bad idea.
Just let two of the tires down when you leave. Use a matchstick so you can just jam it in there and walk away (or go to Halfords and carry and get a valve removal tool to keep in your glove box) No one will give a toss about a bit of vigilantly justice if you get seen. I also had a mate who used to put a dirty nappy under the wipers when people abused kiddy parking.
But of course - why else would I have 6 kids* if I can't make the little buggers work? *The kids aren't all mine. At this point I'm not sure whose they are but they seem to be living here and filling up the septic tank with monotonous regularity.
Lets be very honest here - ol' Tony wasn't much of a problem solver either. At least Corbyn has a code of morals and ethics.
And by this do you think Blair has a grip on reality?
That's better than my kids version
What did they expect? That they could break the law in a different country with immunity? That prison in Dubai would be fun? Shitty laws and a shitty place but really, what did they expect to happen?
Yeah the boat makes it a pain. Lets be fair here as well, I don't think there is enough to do there to occupy a whole week.
Cornwall [Police appeal for information after a van is stolen from Launceston](http://www.cornishguardian.co.uk/Police-appeal-information-van-stolen-Launceston/story-29376828-detail/story.html) Not a lot happens in Cornwall. A van got nicked over the weekend. That is all.
Strictly speaking yes, but it mainly depends on how much of a pedant you are. :)
Well at least we can claim from the EU disaster fund and get everything fixed...
Way stronger than that! Like handfulls of cumin and cloves.
Yeah it was a survivalist attempt when I was about 14 although I would guess that was before souffle boy was born.
&gt;“It was a conscious and purposeful decision to not come to the UK,” said Moore. “I mean this with respect, we didn’t feel like there was anything left to learn here. And that you had given up on yourselves.” Well, I can't argue with that really.
I'm a Brit. I wear socks with sandals. Fuck it. I wear socks an crocks. I'm wearing them at the moment. It's comfortable. Really, who cares what it looks like?
I did. I count anywhere past of Tiverton as "the north". Bristol is practically in the Highlands.
I only used Plymouth as an example (not a comparison) as its my local city and I avoid it like the plague at chucking out time. As I said, everywhere the world over has bad bits, and I think you could count some parts of townships in SA as "bad". Personally I try avoid those bits, the world over, at anytime of day
Its not just the delicious fish that get hovered up - its everything else in the process. Chinese factory fishing has fucked the sea around Southern Arabia and down into the Madagascar channel. They have depleted the area so badly they are now working the the coast round Mauritania and Senegal in direct competition with EU trawlers.
No prob. I grew up in loads of different African countries so I have always had a bit waunderlust. I got into climbing and spent about 4 or 5 years as a mountaineering instructor and then in the "off months" I got an HGV licence and worked for an overland company driving trucks round different bits of Africa. I did that for a few years and then realised my own holidays and climbing trips were getting too expensive so I basically had to get other people to pay for them, So I started advertising places to go on them. From there the business grew and and we started specialising in deserty places like the Sahara, Namibia and the Middle East. Unfortunately the "whole war on terror" and the recent Libyan adventures kinda knocked it on the head a few years ago.
Why is ~~supporting~~ England ~~(the football team)~~ so joyless in comparison with other countries? A deeper question maybe?
I thought this was the main objective of academisation, no? Get a few schools, give the directors massive salaries, cut staff and pay and employ your mates company that you also sit in on the board of as suppliers and support services at inflated costs. Job's a good 'un.
Don't forget that 15k is over the average earnings in some parts of the country.
I saw a Spanish person in Barnstaple once - does that count?
You can lead a horse to water but you can't get someone to pick up on a carefully laid out punchline. Shame really. Yeah - It was def the man card being played. Mrs Dwair was adamant she wasn't going near it despite all her gender equality speeches. She went out to see her mate with the kids on the off chance I would need help. In all honesty it wasn't that bad really. I think having kids makes you fairly immune to poo. The worst bit was having to put a bin bag over my arm to feed the rod down the over full manhole. I only have short arms and beard kept brushing the sweetcorn on the surface as I stretched down. I did wounder if I was going to slide in head first at one point. Now that would have been bad...
Na - No denial, just a hankering for facts and not jumping to a conclusion.
I wasn't speaking in jest but from experience of the academy system.
Yeah... if you use a weird arse date system I guess.
Its going to rain. Maybe a bit, maybe a lot, but it will rain soon.
I'm still holding out for a night of coke and hookers but haven't really broached the subject with Mrs Dwair yet. TBH some nice chocolate would go down well.
&gt; Baby stuff is taking over our house No shit. It gets worse as they get older too. I've just about moved permanently in to the my shed now and I still have to empty it weekly of kiddy paraphernalia.
Yes, as I don't like it here much anyway. I have lived abroad most of my life and find the UK increasingly depressing. Top 3 choices for me would be France, South Africa or Mozambique.
Westmister had, being generous, say 100 years to invest in Cornwall before we joined the EU. Cornwall gets EU funding because its one of the least economically developed and deprived areas in Europe. The reason it is eligible for the various grants is Westminster has never invest in it.
Why do people harp on about the fishing industry. [Less than 3000 people were employed by it in 2011](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:urWG_jHuBfkJ:randd.defra.gov.uk/Document.aspx%3FDocument%3DSocialimpactsoffishing-Finalreport.pdf+&amp;cd=10&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=uk) (can't find any more recent figures) as either full or part time. The biggest impact the fishing industry has down here is propping up the tourist industry so a few places like Padstow have a couple of inshore trawlers bobbing in the harbor for people to take pictures of. Just like the derelict tin mines you see postcards of though, the impact of Cornish fishermen or lack of on the tourist industry is fairly dramatic. It looks quaint. Tin mining in Cornwall died off in the 1870's. The fishing industry went into a massive decline almost as soon as the second world war ended. These industries have been dead for some time and are not coming back. If you look at the 10 largest employers in Cornwall excluding public services, they all rely on exports or are owned by European Companies. Even Kellys Ice cream in Bodmin (the one with the Cornish language advert on the telly at the moment) is owned by PAI Partners, a french equity firm via Roncadin, a German ice cream manufacture. With out the EU, Cornwall will suffocate due to its own ignorance, not because of the loss of the fishing industry but because Westminster with continue to ignore the peninsular.
Ahh... So that negates 99% of the leave argument then. I guess it's back to foreigners coming here and taking our jobs then.
Or have kids in school
Well if you trust our governments to behave responsibly, fine. However I haven't seen much over the last 30 years that gives me much confidence in them to maintain British industry. Most have been privatised or closed down from what I can see. We have become a country of telephone hygienists, apart from the financial sector of course which seems to have become the money laundering capital of the world and is by all accounts ripping everybody off and doing quite well for it's self.
Its up to you to maintain your house for the length of the mortgage. The bank doesn't do a survey or anything. They just turn up to make sure the place is exists and is still standing. The only thing they are worried about is if it falls down and you default owing them loads. After 10-15 years, you will have paid back enough to for them take the risk as they will be in profit if you default.
&gt;foreigners coming here and taking our jobs Or is it a cultural thing maybe? That you have bought into the idea that the UK is filling up with Polish, Romanian and Bulgarian people and they aren't really like us? That they don't fulfill some positive criteria or something? Seriously, if its not a economically a net loss through jobs and welfare ect, what's your issue?
I live out in the bundu mate... I know these things. (They have one making a mess of the woods near me at the moment) Are you getting the alternator re-wound? For some reason in the last 10-15 years in the UK people have stopped offering this service and you can't get 'em done for love nor money anymore.
Yeah - I have rubbish work ethic :)
...and your feet sweat more so you need socks to stop your shoes smelling and be to more comfortable when they are damp? No, it must go deeper than this. It's very odd.
That's a bit girly, no? Doesn't really fit with the rufty tufty Russian hooligan image.
&gt;Between 1870 and 1900 The world was a bit of a different place then, no?
Happy birthday where ever you are!
Yup - Its hump day alright... Just found out from Eldest Son that the school surf day (primary kids in Cornwall get a day every year at the beach learning to surf / lifesave) has been cancelled as there is a pollution warning and its not safe to go into the water (also unfortunately another Cornish thing). Eldest Son will not be happy as he is getting quite good (and secretly wanted to show off in front of his mates). 2 questions. 1/ Dose anyone know where you can get ready made spring roll pastry? 2/ Any recommendations on You tube documentaries? Not overly fussed what on but I'm getting sick of US History channel type stuff about finding bigfoot / aliens / axe murderers.
On company time mate. Always get paid to poo.
&gt;The Greatest Truth Never Told (2012) - " Humanity has been enslaved over and over again throughout history; But humanity has the ability to truly free themselves once and for all. " I'm going to save this for the washing up tomorrow...This is some very odd stuff in there!
No :( but there are loads to trawl through online.
Cornwall has had at least £3.5 billion from the EU so being fair we should get that from Westminster now.
What's this in your post history about Islamic rape gangs in their thousands rampaging around Europe? Could it be you are a racist troll maybe? Fuck off
True. And regarding your tag - Devon might well have invented the pasty first, but traditionally Cornwall put the filling in and cooked it before eating.
Yup - anyone under 30 and over 60 should not be allowed to vote.
I'm not sure I agree with that sentiment. Put it another way, would you stay with a company if it kept cutting your salary and benefits, didn't bother cleaning the offices, there were rumors of the accounts team cooking the books and the MD and his crones got a new £100k car every year? Personally I would look for a different job rather than show loyalty to a company that did everything in its power to undervalue me. Life is about balances. When the balance slips out of equilibrium and the gain (what ever it is) is overloaded on the other side, it's time to use your hard work and determination to address the balance.
The problem is that Mr Seabourn would not see a sign on the new office complex saying ‘British government money' because it would still be an old coal yard. Its only in the last 25 years that development aid and funding has come into Cornwall. Before that, Westminster had over a hundred years to turn it into one of the most deprived areas in Europe - which is why we need the aid now.
And that's not mental distress? However I get your point although I would guess at this being a very small minority of people who wish to end their lives.
&gt; are we really going to judge him on his views as a 17 year old? I'm going to but I don't know if its justified. Maybe its an interesting counter argument for those who want to lower the voting age though?
&gt;It's absolutely fine when I'm doing it at home Same with me. I do my b/p daily as I had a bi-pass a few years ago and its always on the acceptable range at home. Go to the doc's and it nearly doubles. A trick I use is to make my machine in to calibrate it against the doc readings - then show them a graph of the last few months.
No major industry left for one. I could well be wrong and I would love someone to convince me that independence would work, but I just don't see how.
As our government is in control of 99% of our polices that effect the country, I would tend to agree with this.
This isn't talking bout law though, this is talking about policy, such as acadimisation of schools or not building enough social housing. The EU can't protect us from that.
Yeah - you win.
It means becoming a British citizen, using a British passport and having British nationality.
If you can get to Wiltshire today, I think the Druids are doing a 2 for 1 type deal at Stonehenge.
I don't know what UBI is so I can't comment, but affordable social housing for everyone who needs or wants one is solely the preserve of government policy. I can't think of an EU directive that states that we can't build houses. I can however think of many governments since the start of the '80's that have either ignored or compounded the issue of social housing. With regard to free movement, why shouldn't it be free? Would it be fair if all Scousers were forced to stay in the Liverpool? We enjoy free movement across arbitrary county lines so why not continue to enjoy crossing arbitrary national ones? Cornwall has neither the housing or the jobs to support people from Liverpool coming down here in search of a better life. Why should we support them?
Thanks for reminding me dear. *Blows raspberry*...
My 2p's worth as someone who is nearly 50 Proud of being uninformed. No. Back in the '70s and '80s it seemed like the opposite was true. I reckon that at some point in the '90's the UK started to dumb down and has slowly fallen to the tragic level it is now. Using the the weather reports on the telly as an example, we started off with a meteorologist showing us a map with isobar gradients shown on it. We all understood this. People weren't confused by it. Roll forward to now and you get some chesty bint flapping like an arthritic seagull on Valium at a green screen, flicking her fingers dismissively and saying "rain" over and over again like some sort of sick parody about work placements and learning difficulties. The news is the same. Complex stories and words over two syllables avoided in case they confuse people. And whats with the subtitles now appearing for anyone who has a bit of a foreign accent? I recon it's got something to do with the '90s youth culture where it was seen as "cool" to wake up in a skip covered in your own vomit and urine. The cult of celebrity hasn't helped. Our media has turned the vacuous into demi gods. Jade goody (Bless her heart) - "Rio de Janeiro, that's a person, right?" became the unofficial spokes person for the country. The gutter press put her there as some sort of cruel joke and found that half the country wanted to be like her. Dishonest? Yeah we have always been like that but the internet has exposed the lies and half truths more. Cameron, Farage and Co are just as full of shit as their predecessors - but now its all archived and spread round the country in a flash. Facts can be checked and we can all hold them to account when bitching on social media. Politicians have always been slimy fabricators of the truth, but the internet gives us all a torch to shine under their squalid little rocks. Edit due to spelling pedantry
Its not the loonys that are the problem, it's their cult members. Loonies have always spouted off rubbish about the government reading their emails, the world being round or putting fluoride in the water or something, but its the introduction of easy to use computers that have lead the retards to their door. With out the cult of miss-informed, the loons would still be wandering the streets, looking for victims. If computing had never gone down the GUI route (looking at you widows and mac), we would never have had a country full of mouth breathers poking manically away at an Ipad and making personal sense out of the loonies manta. Bring back the command line!
Arguably you could live in much better places, but what's good and bad is subjective so whats good for me might be shit for you.
I'm not sure about the countryside being any good. No serious mountains, no large tracts of unspoiled land and the rest of the stuff outside cities has been ravished by 1500 years of intensive farming. The UK should be about 80% forested, but like Easter Island we cut down all the trees years ago. I have spent most of my adult life in the great outdoors (mainly in Africa and the Himalaya / Karakoram and European Alps) and yes the UK is nice in places, but its really not that great on a world scale.
Some times it is. It just depends on what you think is important.
You have a point - I never really watched the TV years ago because it was tripe, now I watch other mediums because I can pick what I want to and not have to watch the tripe. Eggs and Chickens. Does this mean that TV is going down hill because people chose to watch other things or do people watch other things because TV has gone down hill? Hopefully as you say the geek culture will continue to create a change and "clever and informed" will become something to strive for.
Well done you!
Still and overcast with hill fog / mist as the cloud base will be low I would guess down my way, with the chance of some descent surf later on next week on a SW swell of 3 to 5 foot as that Atlantic low moves in, but really not much change as its all going to be slow moving. If that's today's chart, I'm bang on. Now if the isobars are closer together, it means that the weather moves faster, changes more rapidly and the wind is stronger. The high to the south may move north west which would mean that the lows over the UK would be more pronounced. I'll not bother on a climbing trip to up Scotland this weekend, as at best it will be damp and misty on the crags - at worst if the Atlantic low moves in it will be proper wet and wind. Stay at home and a bit of a surf me thinks. This is the info I want base an outdoor decision on. If you want to know what the weather is doing now - look out of a window. If you want an educated guess - look at a weather chart.
We can take dogs into ours and the kids. I think one of the staff had a Spaniel with him at the election. When we got there he was out side in the sun, siting in a deckchair throwing a ball for it. It's not a busy place.
Ikoy &gt; Ajegunle and considerably less shitty, but it only insulates you from Nigeria a bit.
Why should anyone give a toss what the US thinks? If anything this should be a red flag for Brexit, but being fair, US opinion doesn't even matter that much.
Not since 2002 - [Court refuses trial by combat](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1416262/Court-refuses-trial-by-combat.html) :(
Tintagel. Its the only place I have seen a couple of Crystal hippies queuing pay at the spar with a Postman, a elderly white bloke in African robes and someone dressed as a Celtic warrior complete with chain mail, shield and sword at 9 am on a Tuesday in November. Yeah - Tintagel is on the weird list.
The weather is nice down here in Cornwall, so thinking about a mid morning nap in the sun as work is not very interesting and putting me to sleep anyway :) Will be voting later but as there are only about 14 names on the list, I dont think there will be much queuing with any luck.
You know your northern when...
I'd never do that! Come here and have a big and beard hippy man hug.
Maybe. Everybody over 70 I know said quite vocally that they wanted to stay.
It might be an uncomfortable truth but being British is most of the world is not a good thing. It makes me cringe when people ask me questions about our politics and modern culture.
&gt; It will come back up soon enough as things stabilise. Yeah... maybe. On the other hand, and just as easily, it could continue to slide and things will get one hell of a lot worse. Lets face it, a 30 year low against the dollar isn't good news, and we are still struggling to recover from 2008. Time will tell.
There certainly won't be WW4 while nukes exist - WW3, yeah maybe...
Many EU projects renew in April. I'm guessing that they won't be renewed because of uncertainty in long funding as we are leaving. The last time this happens was when the Tories came to power and pulled their half of the matched funding out.
1. His Accountant 2. His bank in the Cayman Islands 3. His bank in the UK
Ever the eternal optimist, I do like to put a positive spin on things. I mean, things could get really, really shit now.
Personally I would say its the ones with the balls who are prepared to leave. They are the ones with principal and the get up and go needed to make their lives better. Many people don't see today good thing and after the last 6 years of government have had all loyalty to the country eroded as they have been constantly shat on. I'm stuck here due to family responsibilities but in all honesty if I had that option I would run with my wife and kids as fast we I could. (TBF I would never have come back again to start with but I owe it to my and my wife's olds not to leave them at the mercy of what our welfare state has become)
No, its actually doing quite well - its all in Euros anyway (although its only the dregs of an old savings account). I have sod all savings in the UK.
Looks like it was withdrawn an hour ago. &gt;"Moving? Good heavens no. They're fired."
This is a great idea. Supporting London puts a massive strain on the rest of the country. Why should we spend millions on improving their transport network when my nearest bus stop is over 6 miles away? Put a big glass dome over the place and let 'em all suffocate on their own smog I say.
No, he will be remembered for increasing the need for food bank charities and trying to destroy welfare, education and the NHS, destabilising the whole of N.Africa and failing to close the tax loopholes that mean himself and his cronies can make a fortune in not paying tax.
Is he hell - he has lost his post as an MP and soon will lose his post as an MEP. So he was part of a winning campaign? That dosen't make him part of political establishment.
Why are people still quoting Farage in the press? He has no bearing on what is going on at the moment. In voting for Brexit, we have effective turn him and his party into an irrelevance.
&gt; they don't have the economy to support themselves And your saying in a couple of years the UK will; with so many areas of the UK receiving a net benefit via objective one funding (because they are some of the most deprived areas of the EU) that we are going to be able to support ourselves in the manner we have become accustomed?
I will when Farage does.
Yeah!! Good stuff!! Tell us more!!
I refuse to eat cearal for breakfast. It's like punishing yourself for surviving the night. I mean, there are soooo many nice things in the world to eat, and you chose to eat over sweetened dried out corn pulp that you re-hydrate with milk? Why would you chose this over a bowl of Thai noodles, a bowl fruit curry or even a veg stir fry?
¥1 to £100
&gt; Why are we allowed to claim that wages in the "bottom sectors" are "too high" [Cost push inflation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cost-push_inflation) for one. I remember the miners strikes in the '70's when they wanted more pay. As inflation increased, miners' wages became less valuable so they wanted to be paid more. They won the argument but priced themselves out of the market, and with the helping hand of Thatcher 10 years later they ended up losing the whole industry to cheaper imports. On the subject of software engineer wages, many companies already source off shore and have been doing so quite dramatically for the last 10-15 years - which is why IT wages for the most part are relativity low in the UK (to maintain competition) and there is a brain drain out of the country. Its also explains why many businesses in the UK have shit software.
Judging by all the comments on here recently from the trump lickers, I would guess the yanks are making a premtive move at the moment.
Well they certainly aren't the ones that earn the most. My point is that if you drive up prices with higher wages, you increase survival costs of the lowest paid and ultimately those wages become under valued, so you will then have to pay the lowest paid workers more, which in turn drives up prices.
Oh god. He's still in denial.
Oh Boris...
Well, it doesn't *actually* say they are going to spend £350m a week on the NHS... or any of the other things (like Cornwall and Wales) that will need funding now we burnt those bridges with such glee.
Can you loan her to Cornwall, just for a bit please... pretty please? You can have pasties...
Ahh... now that does put a different slant on it.
&gt;Our European future? Umm, we decided this last week. We don't have one.
That's the phrase I was going to post
You seem quite optimistic.
At last. Some one has said it.
Buy deregulated, disease ridden goats from Mali that are worth 2 goats per sheep and sell to Indian restaurants as upgraded Chinese sheep?
I don't think we are 5th anymore - could be wrong but France overtook us over the weekend.
So lets concentrate on damage limitation and not turning in to the next Zimbabwe then.
This would be the best solution. Scotland, Wales, Cornwall, NI, Isle of Man etc could just stay as the UK V 2, ditch England and stay in the EU. As a group they are more likely to do well.
TBF I don't think any UK government will be doing the leading as it's not us that will be dictating the new rules but the EU. Judging by what I just saw on the live debate, I get the feeling that we will be made an example of and there is little we can do with about it. But hey! We can trade freely with Somalia and N.Korea now so that's OK.
I didn't mean that it would be good for us, I meant that we are likely to do it.
The thing is, its not fine. I'm probably not going to find it very easy to move with my family to the continent again on a semi permanent basis, so that safety net has been removed I'm also worried about income. Most of my work gets paid for indirectly out of objective one funding for business development. My clients started to get cold feet as soon as the referendum was announced and aren't spending. With out a firm commitment from government to directly replace whats lost, they will flounder and most likely a lot of small businesses like mine with them. I also feel sorry for the people I employ as freelancers who are basically in the same boat as me. So I take a 75% pay cut and basically retire early with the wife working and we *might* get to keep the house. I'm not panicking, this is cold hard reality for me. It's all very well having long term gain but if it fucks you over in the short term, it becomes irrelevant if you end up living in a B&amp;B on benifits.
I think you may have a very inflated view of the importance of the UK.
This year we are going to break with a family tradition of burning an effigy of Thatcher and to be fair, I think Farage will be a good successor.
Well, my county is currently on an economic level with rural Romania and was being kept afloat with EU grants. If we receive the same from Westminster, we will continue to keep afloat. If trust in the government and go back to pre-EU levels of funding from the 1990's, we are completely fucked round here. On a national level, I think wearing rags, cooking kippers on an incinerator will be something many people aspire to. On the plus side, the NHS will be looking at a rosy budget surplice as people will need less care as they die younger and the obesity epidemic will be a thing of the past.
I don't think 10 years will be enough to sort out the problems that this has already caused. Think of it this way. Large parts of the country are still suffering badly from the effects of Thatchers policies - and that was over 35 years ago now.
&gt;Reality Check: What has Brexit done to the economy? TL:DR - Its really fucked but we wont know how fucked it really is for ages.
Got you tagged as a cultural pedant now too
&gt; she has shown a disturbing amount of enthusiasm for highly authoritarian, even prefiguratively-totalitarian measures. I think I'm going to stick with phyco nazi bitch...
Put some Leave posters up in the windows. That should discourage anybody looking in. On a serious note. Maybe go round and talk to him Explain and offer to introduce them both to the dog /cats with some treats so the kids gets to meet your pets and can make a fuss of them, rather than getting them excited and noisy.
That needs a spoiler mate. I'm working my way through all his works at the moment.
As long as she can read your emails and retains the right to lock you up indefinitely if she doesn't like you.
Barons Court toward Fulham High St will have free on street (if they haven't zoned it yet. Might take 10 mins of driving around but you should get parking easily enough and from memory its a single hop on the tube.
Happy New Year! (I take it your folks haven/t sorted out their water supply yet then?_
If only you knew... Actually TBH I feel like I need a round of applause for for making it this far.
&gt;a typical British suburban house they'd be willing to pay £400k for, with shit insulation and poor-quality materials, is probably smaller than a terraced house or flat on the continent that costs half... Umm is this not because comparative housing on the continent is like 1/4 the price that it is in the UK. Even with the bottom dropping out of the pound, £400k will get you 6 to 8 bedrooms, a swimming pool and half a dozen acers somewhere nice. (I don't know about suburbia because, well it's not somewhere I want to live so I have never looked)
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided? The story line is creepily prophetic.
So old. So very, very close to retiring to somewhere nice and warm with a troop young nurses to wheel me out to the pool every morning for my physio...
5 past midnight so Happy Birthday mate! Wow haven't seen lovers doubles since I went to the flicks in N.Wales in the 80's. At £7.50 for a G&amp;T I'd take my own in the tonic bottle. Actually I'd take a curry as well as there are tables but I'm utterly uncouth.
Oh yeah and more. Much more - Cherish theses moments as it doesn't get any easier, it just gets different and weirder.
You could always start by not voting for any political party at local or national level that supports fracking.
farmers are ~~not~~ oo-arr straw sucking labourers, they are owners of vast swathes of land They do both round here.
&gt;I never get what people have against the dentist My dental phobias all started in 1975 when a man who looked like Idi Amin pulled out 4 of my teeth in Mombasa. I can still remember his jolly laugh as he pushed down on my forehead and grappled with his pliers. (He reckoned my wisdom teeth would cause me problems later in life. He was right and because of his foresight I have really strait teeth and I never had to wear a brace. My wisdom teeth came through fine and pushed the remaining teeth together to close up the gaps)
&gt; he acclimated to the altitude before he went up That's because he was sensible and didn't want to risk [high altitude pulmonary](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-altitude_pulmonary_edema) or [cerebral oedema](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-altitude_cerebral_edema) brought on by acute mountain sickness (AMS) Unfortunately no amount of training will prevent this apart from altitude acclimatisation. Gaining altitude too quickly is a good way to give yourself a stroke - however fit you are There is a reason why aircraft use piped air after all. It doesn't matter if you can sprint between 5km and 5.5km in your underwear, if you don't acclimatise, the fatty in a fur coat moving slowly runs a significantly lower risk of heath issues. Source - high altitude mountaineer. Also regarding your increased immunity - If you drank unboiled water on Kili, get a blood test done for parasites. Just because you didn't get the shits doesn't mean that you won't piss your kidneys out in a few years :)
Thousands of tourists trudging about up there have to crap somewhere.
&gt;While we include a scenario based on Treasury assumptions, a more realistic, although in our view still pessimistic, scenario assumes half of the trade loss of the Treasury. The results are presented through comparing these scenarios with a pre-referendum forecast. In the milder Brexit scenario there is a 2% loss of GDP by 2025 but little loss of per capita GDP, less unemployment but more inflation. In the more severe, Treasury based scenario the loss of GDP is nearer 5% (2% for per capita GDP), inflation is higher and the advantage in unemployment less. Yup - just as valid as all the other wild guesses then, just not quite so gloomy as some others.
Yes! We want a wall! We don't want you pesky northerners getting in, eating all our pastys and nicking our parking spots in the summer. TBF, you wouldn't need a wall. Just dig a canal a couple of miles north from the start of the Taymar and we would be on an island.
Cool - so not only do we have to suffer OPEC's cost rise, it costs us even more because of Brexit devaluing the pound against the dollar.
Wales wins.
When our youngest was small we called her "The Arse Baby" on account of her being a bit of an arse.
This [google search](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=youtube+fitting+upvc+windows&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=Va5uWOf7FKn38AeM5bqgDw) brings up 4 that look OK. .
They don't need to seize anything . The BBC use the RIPA anti-terrorisum / serious crime legal framework to get a list of sites you have visited from your ISP. If you have / or anyone has used your connection to use IPlayer or a sports broadcast, they can prosecute the person responsible for the internet connection for not having a TV licence. Source: [BBC uses RIPA terrorism laws to catch TV licence fee dodgers in Northern Ireland](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/bbc-uses-ripa-terrorism-laws-to-catch-tv-licence-fee-dodgers-in-northern-ireland-30911647.html)
Tim Barrow becomes a sacrificial goat for Brexit... Barrow: We want to control immigration and continue with our free trade agreements and... EU: No Barrow: But... EU: No. Barrow: But... EU: No. Barrow: Can we stay in the EU then? EU: No. Barrow: Just a bit of trade? EU: No. All your banks belong to us now. Barrow: *sad face*
Congratulations!
Fuck it. I just want to sit back and watch the country burn now.
I have looked for months to see something positive about Brexit, and I think this might just be it. Unfortunately I can see pressure groups like the National Trust objecting to the loss of Pillar 1 subsidies as well as the NFU et al unless farmers can be assured cash for proper set aside.
It's understandable given the politics of the last 18 months that most people would be completely unsurprised that May could blame the NHS crisis on Asians.
&gt; Anyone who has already seen a GP or had a previous ED visit and has been discharged with a prescription and management plan but comes back the next day complaining that their problem hasn't resolved. Ahh you need a word with my GP. I was advised that my neck and back pain was down to satin intolerance on the phone. 3 days later after trying to run and stretch the problem off as much as I could, I went down to A&amp;E and ended up having an emergency multiple CABG. On a different note and as an accident prone mountaineer with loads of kids who hurt themselves at regular intervals - I think the service you provide in A&amp;E is absolutely amazing. Thank you.
Me. I'm always harping on about how much harder it is for young 'uns these days.
I was and old enough to remember them well. OK not being able to listen to Jerry Adams between 1988 and 1994 was a bit silly, but take for instance the 5 day extension to detention. That was fair enough. However the Anti-Terrorism Crime and Security Act 2001 really did take the piss. Check out [Liberty's Detention without charge page](https://www.liberty-human-rights.org.uk/human-rights/countering-terrorism/detention-without-charge) Actually, just have a brows the site around to see how far down the drain we have gone since the 70's and '80s. What we have done since then is take all the bad ideas, expand on them and make them legal by writing them into the statute books.
&gt;Why wouldn't you feel safe? Criminal escalation for one. Once the police carry guns you up the stakes in any situation they are involved with to that of life or death. By routinely arming police you put both the public and police lives in danger. The idea that police would be able to deal with terrorist incidents is a powerful argument. However, given less people have died from terrorism in the last 15 years than the *annual* average for a single year in 60's 70' and 80's, I don't think that currently there is much of a threat that needs addressing. If that threat actually starts to manifest it's self, I think that maybe the question should be addressed then.
&gt; other than anxiety... That's kinda a major one, no? Like, its really nice here but my head is being done in and I'm stressed out?
Hasn't it been quite hard though in NI to differentiate in the past between paramilitaries doing terrorist things like blowing people up and "normal" criminal stuff (eg robbing post offices, money laundering ect)
OK, so if you use this argument there is no need to arm the police at all beyond armed response units (which I agree are necessary). As you don't necessarily support the idea of arming regular beat cops, what argument would you use agaist arming them. Crims and terrorists are unlikely (for different reasons) to cause a problem so why is this even a debate?
The rest of the western world - with pitch forks, if you look at the trouble Crobyn stirred up when he mildly criticised Israel's settlement policy.
That's different and you know it. It's OK to have rampant nationalism and politicised racism but the world draws a moral line with a hint of anti-Semitism.
All these old traditions have evolved anyway. I doubt any of them really represent their pagan roots in the same way they were practised a millennia ago. I think it's better to keep the traditions alive by letting them continue to evolve.
Rubbish. Everybody knows it's the Tamar river.
Obviously he wasn't thinking strait. Sticking a body in a cesspit means it's going to be found sooner rather than later. You might as well stash it in the cupboard under the stairs.
Rubbish. They are the legislators. They can do what they want. If you don't think that is possible, look what they have done to civil liberties and privacy just in the last few years.
Super king sized bed - see above
It's a difficult dilemma when you get a candidate who is part of a party that's polices will steam roller the region / country and really mess it up, but you know will work tirelessly to get the best out of it for their area. In my direct area we have a the choice between an ineffectual Tory who follows party mantra or a Lib Dem who works really hard for local issues
Take what ever time period you want. Even if they come down every weekend it's still considerably less input than somebody living here full time (apart from retirees from London who come here to die maybe) &gt; smaller "boutique" shops and restaurants they won't... Bit of a random survey, hey? Pick a tiny microcosm of the economy and extrapolate into all sectors?
Welcome back. So are you off bicycling for a bit now then?
Personally I like to read an article first and make my mind up about what it's about before leaping to a conclusion about the author, but hey each to their own I suppose. Edit: I can't spell.
DC?
&gt; the USA is absolutely not the place we should be looking to emulate.... I'm glad someone else thinks like this. I have always seen the US as somewhere that has had the opportunity and wealth to be a country worthy of emulating... but did something else instead.
Better a recorded letter. Any dealings with HMRC should be in writing. I ended up with them thinking I owed them £35k in vat payments because of bad advice from a phone operator. Ended up with me paying over £6k in the end. I guess I could have got it reduced further but couldn't afford the accountants and legal fees.
It's the same in Cornwall. 30 or so projects (due fro renewal between Dec and April) will continue for a year. After that there is a a 300 million or so hole with no news on if pipeline structural and investment projects will still go ahead.
If you live in London / Surrey, you might have to move up north (or to the SW) or somthing.
Without if you want it really, really mild. Maybe even do half of one to start with rather than wreck your sandwich? I eat the things raw like bell peppers so I have no idea on whats hot or not any more.
Umm.... Are you the only person who posts in there?
https://www.reddit.com/domain/thesecularatheist.com/
How did you find the battery life on the Subvod? IE not how many tokes you can get out of a single charge but how many charges it will work for. I have been using a twin coil Evod for a year and all the batteries seem to last a couple of months before dropping charge. The best batteries I have are from my original Evod which are still going strong after 3 years or so.
&gt; Then throw away once used and buy another. ? Just give it a wash with some hot water. Ours has been through 5 kids in 12 years and I still use it as a washing up bowl.
&gt; Decided not to carry on and try something different. Yeah, I'm with you on that one but a coke habit is really expensive.
TalkTalk. Really, really bad with connections as low as 0.025 for weeks on end. Customer services and support are rude and ineffective. Changed to A&amp;A resolved all the line problems. Now connected with BT to fiber - much as I want to, I can't fault them (but nothing has gone wrong so far...)
Not sure about trains and stuff but living out in the sticks we spend about this in petrol annually (20k miles a year each)
I know you love it when I wear my Pith helmet and big khaki shorts for you ;)
I've had a great time. I spent half of '80s and a large part of the '90s messing about and enjoying myself in different parts of the world with no responsibilities. I started a life style business running a expedition logistics company in Africa in the Middle East so I could basically carry on travelling and climbing, only get someone else to pay for it. I put a bit of money aside and bought a cheap house and did it up over a few months when I wasn't working, and did it again and again. This gave me a bit of security and it enabled me to buy a plot and build my own house 8 years ago. At some point in my 30's I acquired a wife and some children and then got a better wife and even more children in my 40's. Looking at my contemporaries now - god I'm glad I did what I did with my life. I might have floundered according to conventional measures of success, but I have enjoyed every day of it. Compared to being a flabby, depressive, lifeless suit - I feel my life has surpassed theirs in just about every way. I still get to wake up feeling glad to start the day if nothing else. TL/DR. Its not a race. Do things that make you happy and sod the rest of them. Then you'll win the race.
Not relevant as it was over 20 years ago.
They have already destroyed public services by instigating massive budget cuts to councils in the first place. All this does is shift the blame onto the local council as they try and maintain their current level of provision.
Not really. I can apply the right sort of maths to stuff and come out with an answer but I don't understand it at a fundamental level.
To me it is very important. Over the last 25 years I have lived and worked in Spain once and twice in France. THB if could leave my father and my mother in law to the mercy of the NHS in their twilight years, I would have moved back permanently to France again 5 or 6 years ago. So I'm a bit hacked off that my future plans will potentially be curtailed but that's not the main reason I'm pissed off. I'm pissed off that my kids won't have the same opportunities in life that I had. To be able to put your stuff in a van and incredibly easily go and live somewhere else, either as a student over the summer or for years as I have. I want them to experience living in other places, I want them to see different perspective to ours, and to have enough experience to chose what they want and where they want to do it.
OK - fair enough, but I don't see that opening our borders completely is the answer due to the practical implications. We already have freedom of movement between (Southern) Ireland, not to mention between Scotland and Wales, so why not increase this within Europe? Or at least keep it the same as it is now where many people benefit? Any form of border control will exclude people so rather than have an imperfect system where some people benefit, you think its better than no-one at all benefits?
Fishing and Farming. Thanks Cornwall, but you *really* didn't understand what was going on.
It's worse than embarrassing. The EU has been keeping the county afloat for the last 20 years. God knows how bad it would be down here with out them. I certainly wouldn't have internet access (apart from satellite)
Rum and quality chocolate please
Have you ever asked why she believes in god?
It's one thing not to give away secrets about the failure - but it's only incompetence not to answer the question about if she did know about it, unless she didn't, in which case both May and her office are incompetent.
Well they do really as the US control the delivery and guidance systems. We make the bit that goes bang - the rest is leased of the US.
Fair enough, that makes sense as I guess dissidents can be terrorists.
&gt; what on earth do they do for a living? Reinvest Daddy's money I would guess.
With modern usage it can beg it, but even falling back into "Petitio Principii" assumes Trident, with or with out the current upgrade is both necessary and affordable, no?
It is an excuse when you are being lied to by one of the sides. All media access will do is make it easier to be exposed to the deceit.
Yeah! I'm one of the 1%!
&gt;What do you use for self defence? My personality.
delayed Brexit = delayed uncertainty
I now want Monkey Gland Sauce to smother my lunch in.
&gt; which is more defining and "era ending That depends on what the idiot does I guess
Confusing film plots with reality again /u/HPB? I guess that long slow slide into senility and wearing plastic pants has started...
Bad luck mate. Get well soon!
See - Education is being destroyed by cuts in real time.
Ewwww!..... What the hell have you been searching for in the past to get that as your first image result?
&gt;but I still want to hear from those who voted leave and their thoughts That's the problem. I have asked leavers repeatedly for some kind of tangible and positive step that leaving will actually make and no-one has been able to give an answer with more depth than "it" or "things" might get better. What ever "it" or "things" are. The thing is that in the near and medium future there are no upsides. 25-30 years from now it might be a good thing, but really there are no benefits, certainly non that will be seen by ordinary people.
&gt; There has been no change in government policy. Really? Benefit sanctions, reduction in housing benefit, bedroom tax, cutbacks to mental health, cutbacks to periphery services like drug and alcohol abuse charities? The list of cutbacks by the Torys is astounding. They did this. They have the power to sort it out if they want. Mind you, you are partially right as cuts to services started less than 10 years ago when the Torys took power after Labour as part of their "austerity" measures - which could be spun as a massive economic upheaval. Na - they have been in power long enough to sort this mess out. They can take the blame for this on the chin.
Cant remember off hand apart from they were 14.5v. I can't be arsed stepping 24v ones down and the solenoids are the same (and they look like a bitch to remove as well.) My logic says that something caused them to go in the first place so it would just be the start of a fault finding epic.
I'd say historically less prevalent. Most of the strikes in the 1890's were about the equivalent of zero hours contracts. Of course up until the mid 1980's, Labour reform kept the practice minimal but unemployment under Thatcher reached levels where people had to start taking that type of work again, and industry lapped it up
Read what? Your post or the article? Out of interest I was just reading the the construction industry is currently in dire need of brickies (3/4 companies report difficulty in filling contractors positions at the moment) even though average pay has risen by over 6% in the last two years so I don't know why a load of migrant workers would be happy on £50 a day - tax or no tax.
Very exciting but I would be interested to see how many people have logged on and visited the sub in say the last 3 months.
&gt;Also haven't smoked in two days and dont actually feel that bothered by it If you have gone two days and you haven't gone all stabby - use the opportunity and do it now.
Speaking as a parent, I would expect my children to pay a % of accommodation, bills and food if they were working. Obviously if you are earning just £450 p/m, this wouldn't cover it. I reckon you are getting a very good deal out of your mum.
I agree. British civil administration in Palestine operated from 1920 until 1948 after the split up of the Ottoman empire so it's not like we had a land grab, we just ended up running the place for a bit.
It used to be "Project Fear". Unfortunately it has now evolved and escalated to "Project Reality".
Today I will mainly be organising the removal of 2 of Mrs Dwair's old cars (My failed mechanical experiments) from the drive. So far the scrappy has taken one of them away which just leaves a long wheel base Vito which he is coming back for after lunch (I hope!) To me the Vito looks challenging but what do I know. It won't move under its own steam. It weights 3ton+, the wheels are locked up and its round a 90 deg corner on a hill. I reckon it needs winching out via a couple of pulleys. We shall see. He gave me £100 for it so it's his now :)
Who let you in?
By that logic, neither does the last 70 years of Israeli history.
&gt;How can you have an honest conversation about a persecuted minority group and not have the courage to name the persecutor? Your right. It's almost as though the Christian persecutions of Muslims and traditional faiths in Central Africa have been completely forgotten by the West in our hurry to condemn all things Islamic. [Christian Militias In The CAR Give Muslims A Choice: Convert Or Die](http://www.mintpressnews.com/christian-militias-in-the-car-give-muslims-a-choice-convert-or-die/208491/) [Christian militias in Central African Republic 'burnt witches at stake', says UN report](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/centralafricanrepublic/12018588/Christian-militias-in-Central-African-Republic-burnt-witches-at-stake-says-UN-report.html) Why the hell are we not discussing religious persecution by *all* faiths and not just the ones we don't like the look of? I guess its a big leap to realise the Christians are wankers too.
I pay about the same in 'lecky and heating oil at the moment. It used to be a lot more until I changed all the bulbs to LED and bought a wood burner when heating oil doubled in price a few years ago. Now it's about £400 all in per quarter.
When things are going down hill, people want easy targets to blame.
Apathy and dishonesty.
It's the same as the medics. Few Doctors and nurses wish to stay in the UK because it's, well shit so we have to rely on immigrants to staff our hospitals. Few people wish to become teachers because it has become such a shit job with huge numbers either leaving the profession or working overseas so we are starting to rely on immigrants to staff our schools. If the government changed pay and working conditions in cases we would cure the problem.
I really like Marrakesh. I have spent way too much time there in the last 25 years and very seriously considered (looking at property level serious) moving there from Snowdonia before I ended up in Cornwall. In a lot of ways I regret the decision but property is insanely expensive there and the figures didn't add up.
A decent 2 bed flat in town will cost you upward of EU275k - A town house / Riad with 4 bedrooms starts at about EU350k. Just looked on right move and they have [6 pages of stuff over £2m!](http://www.rightmove.co.uk/overseas-property-for-sale/Marrakech-Tensift-El-Haouz.html?sortType=2) Basically all the clever property investment money form Europe has been pushing up prices for the last 10-12 years so unless you buy a goat shed in the middle of no-where out in the desert, it's going to cost. Cornwall is expensive, and even more so for locals but it's not quite in that league yet.
Just finished my tax return for 15-16 with 2 days to spare. For some reason (probably wishful thinking) I thought I had done it last April but I guess I never got round to it.
You should sign it, not because it will change a decision already made but it shows the depth of feeling in the UK about him. So far over 1.4 million people have signed it at 19:45. It's already the second largest petition ever and it hasen't been going for a day yet. Any politician will see those numbers and the depth of feeling surrounding Trump's brand of right wing politics.
Thanks. I was going to go to bed but I'm going to have to look that up now.
VPN... Oh yeah....
OY! I'm quite there yet. ^^give ^^it ^^a ^^few ^^months ^^though ^^:(
I saw that pic of your naked knees you posted at the weekend. At least I can still remember when I get dressed it's January and not June.
Na.. I have always been like this
Oh for Christ's sake. Right, that's it. I'm going to have some Horlicks and go to bed.
Na. They are comfy. I know [which feet I want mine to feel like](http://ethnicjewelsmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/31fe975639fffd8f578945e17a310293.jpg)
Don't worry, I'm completely unmoved by the fact you did. I know the difference, you know the difference. However, my auto complete doesn't due to it's complete lack of sentience. Personally I take this as a good thing as it means that for the most part - I have control over my phone rather than the other way round. I could have corrected it but, as I am now, I'm really too lazy to bother.
Christ that's depressing. Edit: For all parties. For gods sake at least be aware of who you are supporting.
&gt; I could copypaste a few things for you that would make your blood boil Thank you for that. This whole thing is making me crosser than I would like to admit and the last thing I need any more provocation.
Yeah... I thought that when I saw the post load...
I thought that when I saw the post load but unfortunately you can't edit a title.
Do Chillums count?
As someone who has nearly an acre of swampy boulder strewn moorland with the occasional large bramble patch - I kinda envy people who have smaller more manageable gardens. I can only just get a land rover round the back of mine. No chance of a sit on mower. Still, I keep telling myself it good for the wildlife...
Bloody hell, is that thing still going? (Just looked at the site - it is!)
So true. The other flavours are inedible.
At fifty I have the same problem.
Take her to a local food bank and get her to chat to the volunteers, then spend an evening in A&amp;E.
Then go to other parts of Reddit? Gez go to different parts of the internet if you want. My strategy (which seems to be working so far) is just to ignore posts I'm not bothered with.
The problem is that "our" nuclear deterrent is, for all practical purposes, dependent on the US - through using their launch missiles and navigational systems. We are not like France or even Pakistan or India where we have developed an independent deterrent. Through to our "special relationship" with the US or to some extent just being part of NATO we have lost the leverage to act truly independently. The UK is for all intentions a proxy US nuclear buffer in Europe. Time and time again we have been pulled into military shit storms as their allies. Do we really want to be in the same position during a nuclear exchange which will probably have started due to US aggression in the first place? I'm anti nuclear (I don't believe MAD is the thing that keeps us safe at night or ever has) but if we are going to have this capability, we need to have a truly independent one. One that gives us the utterly unilateral option with out treaties and special hand shakes to say "No we are not going to launch" or even the opposite.
My kids school has had 3 members of staff including the head leave the profession due to stress related illness in the last 2 years. Yes, it is that bad. Edit: I should say this is out of a very small school with a teaching staff of 4.
I found this after a quick search: “Take an owl and pluck it clean and open it, clean and salt it. Put it in a new pot and cover it with a stone and put it in an oven and let it stand till it be burnt. And then stamp [pound] it with boar’s grease and anoint the gout therewith.”
The dogs tend to eat any that are left lying around our house. Anyway, you should use handkerchiefs and wash 'em for environmental reasons.
Do they have to be girls feet &amp; how much are you paying?
At least it's selling Kellys.
&gt;Have you tried telling white van man about that? Yes, repeatedly. And I have given up for the most part. Non technical people just don't give a toss. They just don't get the argument at a root level.
I think this is an extremely valid point to make amongst all the hysteria that seems to be rapidly gaining ground.
I agree. We are all products of our experience and if you have never lived through a sustained and prolonged period of "terrorism" before, it must seem very disturbing at the moment. Perspective is truly the preserve of the older person by virtue of life experiance.
Don't worry, I have been keeping it up since the mid '90s when all us alt.news subscribers put on tin foil beanies because we thought the government was reading our email as a matter of course.
And thus we are essentially assuming that the State is always right and just? Sodomy was forbidden in early 1900 Germany and they kept lists of suspected homosexuals so they could fine them for sodomy. Even if we assume that the lists were legitimate as a way to persecute and record what was a minor crime, the Nazis were able to arrest, castrate or kill tens of thousands of homosexuals because of those lists. NB it's quite hard not to mention the Nazis or indeed the Stasi, because they did like making their lists and keeping everyone in order via mass surveillance. This happened in my fathers life time. It wasn't that long ago. Sometimes it is right and just to break the law as it can be unjust in it's manifestation. Governments tend to misuse powers, to push agendas and boundaries and that oversight and scrutiny never really does a decent enough job of limiting possible overreach. The djinni can't be put back in the bottle as it were. The question is not "Why does he have to do anything wrong?" but more "what happens when the goal posts change and will he still trust the government?"
&gt; [edit] lol, downvoted not because I'm wrong, but because you don't like it Does this mean you think I downvoted you or you downvoted me (I haven't downvoted or upvoted anyone) The only thing I didn't like was the fact you were pulling up a year old article for some reason. Why did you think it was relevant to post it?
EDL?
And what exactly has that got to do with the legality of sexuality? How do you see that tenuous link panning out? Did they target the gay community? Was it evil Muzlamics smiting the sodomites? Sorry, but I really don't understand why this is relevant
Ahh, I see you have edited your post in reply to my question regarding relevancy. No, I think Islamic fundamentalist beliefs had everything to do with these attacks. The greatest likelihood though is probably that we bombed the shit out of their families at some stage. Fundamentalism is just used as a vehicle (no pun intended) for motivating people in revenge. Bringing Gay people, as you originally suggested into the argument has very little relevance as far as I can see. Have you thought about the fact that in equal irrelevance, eating pork, drinking alcohol or even being clean shaven might be a motive to someone with a mental illness?
So what. May supplied passports, return tickets, training and pocket money for *her* terrorists when she was Home Secretary. This really isn't a smear campaign the Tories should start fighting.
Got to love those Cornish Tories
This is my theory. Brexit will destroy which ever party signs it off. May has always been the Tories sacrificial goat. All they have to do is lose, but only marginally so they still look competent and credible for the next election.
£50k ? Hmm... Do you have to be an Isis terrorist? Surely anybody can have a go and Isis will claim responsibility?
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6064 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/42186)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5124 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/39618)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2436 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/11828)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7949 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/47912)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5799 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/43770)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5604 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/30348)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7699 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/29326)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9545 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/12597)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9530 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/40820)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8424 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/22363)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4060 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/82620)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1420 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/01678)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3486 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/34228)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5702 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/28392)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6875 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/53181)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0517 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/37525)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7550 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/09275)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1302 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/93095)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5857 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/78392)
