The amount of muscle he gained while staying shredded is considered next-to-impossible in that time-frame without steroids. Google says he went from 120 lbs to 230, and then down to 190 all in 6 months. So that's a 110lb weight gain in 6 months, which is around .6 lbs per day. Moreover most of that .6 would have to be muscle, and humans can't naturally gain muscle that quickly. EDIT: wrong maths
Afraid this isn't the case. Most hover around 5%.
Tavors have a selective fire system. Perhaps he's just saying that soldiers typically don't use the fully automatic setting.
It's not an altarpiece. It's the altar wall of the Daredeviled Sistine Chapel.
Yes as I said they "Daredeviled" it. I imagine they took away the double-arch so the Punisher skull would fit more cleanly. It's clearly supposed to be based on the Sistine Chapel. They open with *The Creation of Adam*.
They're the Gaza Strip government and they stand for the destruction of Israel. They execute terrorist attacks upon Israel, primarily through unguided rockets shot into civilian areas. They also plan infiltrations into Israel using tunnels for kidnappings, shootings, and bombings. They use international aid and building supplies to create more tunnels used for smuggling and terrorist attacks, although both Israel and Egypt destroy these tunnels when they find them. Any internal Palestinian resistance is suppressed and Gazans are routinely executed. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Extrajudicial_executions_of_rivals) Most Western nations consider them to be a terrorist organization.
What's confusing about it? B'Tselem is trying to smear the Shin Bet while skirting the fact that they're aiding in the detention, torture, and murder of Palestinians for selling land to Jews.
The bot fails to mention how this land was purchased legally from a church, and that the initial plans are to build a hotel. No building permits for a settlement have been issued. Moreover, "Israel" doesn't plan to establish a settlement there, just the rich guy who bought the land. Talk about a slanted article.
Most people probably don't know this because /worldnews mods have been deleting all the stories on the hundreds of terror attacks perpetrated by Palestinians on Israelis in the last few months. First they shoved all the stories into poorly updated sticky threads, and then they got rid of those too. How is a terror attack in Israel "local news" if a terror attack *anywhere else* isn't?
The blockade only started after Hamas incessantly attacked Israel. Plus, Egypt also enforces the blockade, which a lot of people forget/neglect to mention. It seems as though Hamas can't play nice. There's a reason most of the west defines them as a terrorist organization like ISIS or Al Qaeda.
Many Jews (like myself) find the rabid anti-Israel sentiment on campus troubling. One can be a Zionist and still find Israeli policies problematic. Zionism just means we believe in a state for the Jewish people (Note: this doesn't mean a Zionist must be opposed to a Palestinian state). However, now Zionism has become akin to a swear word, and people who know very little about the history of the I/P conflict are screaming for the indictment of Israel, banning Israeli scholars or scholars with a pro-Israel stance, and conflating all Zionists with war criminals.
Apparently the rotisserie chickens at the main Canadian chains (I usually go to Metro) are actually sold at a loss (or at least cost). They're meant to make you hungry and buy more food, or bring you to the grocery store to begin with. There's a reason they're always by the entrance.
It's for the Jewish people, not practitioners of Judaism (a religion). Zionism is a secular movement. Remind me, which country prints "In God we trust" on their currency?
If you support the Palestinians (not saying you do) how do you reconcile your dislike for a Jewish national movement with your support of a Palestinian national movement? Also note that while Israel includes many Arab citizens (20%), Abbas has gone on record saying a future Palestinian state will have 0 Jews.
There are different subsets of Jews who share similar genes. The main ones are Ashkenazim (Eastern European), Sephardim (Spanish), Mizrahim (Middle Eastern), and the Beta Israel as you mentioned (Ethiopian). Within these subsets Jews tend to share similar genes (about as much as any other race). EDIT: To add to this, this is why Ashkenazim have stereotypes about their appearance. Dark hair, brown eyes, curly hair, etc.
Jewishness is separate from Judaism. Judaism is the religion of the Jewish people. Jews tend to share genes much like any race (especially the subsets e.g Sephardic Jews).
How long do you think Gaza has been blockaded for?...
To question 1, no. The religion has changed over thousands of years, the gene pool has remained similar (about as much as any other race over that amount of time). To question 2, yes. They would still be considered Jewish. 42% of Israeli Jews define themselves as atheist.
I believe with this jackpot a very rich person would already make a profit if they played all the numbers and no one else won. However, it would take something like a full year to process that many tickets (saw someone else post the math on it but I'm too lazy to find it).
I don't know what that time is.
I'm certainly not. I responding to a comment saying that NATO should be political allies with Iran. Also, regarding the Iranian populace, are you so sure they're the moderates you claim, or are you just regurgitating what everyone else in the thread is saying? What do you think state-sponsored Sharia law and holocaust denial does to a populace? How can you explain Iranian citizens chanting "Death to America!"? What you're saying is that the populace of an extremely conservative theocracy that's flooded with propaganda somehow remains liberal, while I find that very hard to believe.
The US doesn't execute political dissidents, children, or LGBTs. The US isn't a theocracy, doesn't deny the holocaust, or follow sharia law. This is the BS I'm talking about. The US has its problems but comparing it to Iran is absurd.
Really cool mod. I think it'll become popular. Thoughts on doing the rest of synth armour? synth armour looks like a nasty hunk of plastic, rather than hi-tech armour of the future, and there really aren't any good retex's out yet.
Ethnically Jewish means one whose lineage is Jewish (like a race/ethnicity). Ashkenazim are a subset of Jews from Eastern Europe that stereotypically have dark curly hair and brown eyes and are most likely the "look" you're talking about. However, Ashkenazim look radically different than say Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews) or Mizrahim (Middle Eastern Jews), who are also ethnically Jewish.
Yes it does have meaning. It's usually a slightly unfortunate thing to say because their understanding of "looking Jewish" is most likely based on Nazi propaganda (not that they're aware of this). Plenty of Ashkenazim have blond or red hair and green or blue eyes.
Not sure if this is fully addressing your question but Coghammer is helpful for stopping rush decks. Giving a Minibot 2 divine shields *and* taunt and being able to clear with your weapon is pretty helpful. I'd probably cut 1-2 Cons because a Secret Pali already has one of the strongest boards in the game (Minibot, Muster, Shredder, etc.), and you should be able to deal with *most* boards with minions alone. Plus Consecrate on T4 still gives your opponent initiative on their next turn, so it basically *must* be followed by a Sludge Belcher and ideally a MC (which doesn't always happen). EDIT: I like running Keeper of Uld because she can buff one of your Muster tokens, and has a decent body vs. aggro allowing for a board swing in your favour (plus her effect is very flexible and useful and most points in the game).
Yeah I run two Belchers too. They help fill out the OP pali curve. If you're having trouble vs. face shaman you could always try teching in 2 Cogs or maybe even an Ooze/Harrison (if you're facing a lot of palis+shammies).
Yeah fair enough. I will point out that Seinfeld and Woody look nothing alike :P.
That's usually a Sukkot thing organized by Chabad. They ask everyone if they're Jewish and if they are they ask if they'd like to partake in a Sukkot ritual (usually reciting some verse and giving a palm frond a few shakes). The purpose is to expose nonreligious Jews to a Judaic religious ritual (Chabad is a religious organization), and to perform a *mitzvah* (let's just call that a good deed).
Israel has had to deal with hundreds of attacks like this (car rammings and/or knife attacks) in the last several months https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gl-HzgpMBo. Notice how the terrorist continues to attempt to hack pedestrians with a machete even after he's been shot. The situation in Israel is far different than in London, and London has an unarmed police force, whereas Israel does not.
Israel doesn't manufacture their own aircraft. You cherry picked a misleading example.
I disagree with this assessment. I run Brann and feel little impact from the negative battlecries. For Flame Imp, you usually play him before Bran, and it's only an issue if you draw him while Brann is still alive on the board. If you draw FI with an active Brann you can usually just play a different card(s) anyway or trade Brann into something if you desperately need to play a FI on T4+ (which I have never found to be the case). For Doomguard it's even less of an issue, because ideally Doomguard will be the only card left in your hand, and even if you have up to two other cards, it makes no difference. It's usually pretty easy to have Doomguard+2 or less cards at T5, considering how low-cost the Zoo curve is. The pros of Brann are that he has a decent body, and combos with a bunch of your cards to give you surprise burst. +4 attack from Abusive and Dark Iron, Power Overwhelmings or Soulfires from Peddler, and a very strong effect from Argus. Brann is also basically a soft taunt, as no one is going to leave him alive if they can help it.
Yeah I'd like to try EoM but unfortunately I don't have it. If nothing else it looks like a super fun card.
Everyone's probably said this already but the reason for Mad Scientist is in the deck name. He is a *huge* tempo play and considered one of the best 2-drops in the game. 5 mana for the price of 2, and a 2/2 body. If opponents know you're a tempo mage he is actually a prime target for silence because of how big a tempo swing he is. Whenever I face tempo mage that T3 secret seriously messes with my head. I'm forced to play around Mirror Entity, and the worst part is it isn't always ME. It's also quite common to not have a garbage minion to throw at ME. Any 3-drop+ is something I don't want a tempo mage to have. EDIT: fixed a goof.
Compared to the US? The answer is no for every single country on Earth.
You're right, I do. I don't actually play mage as I'm FTP (no Flamewaker). I do run into them a lot though. I got confused!
I think the thing is demonzoo isn't doing as well as classic aggro zoo these days. It's too midranged, which means it competes with **very** strong midranged decks and face shaman. Druids run 2 silences for VT or VC... or egg or Mal'ganis or w/e else. Secret Pali runs minions that you'll have difficulty removing without the amount of +attack in classic zoo, and there's Dr. 6, 7, and 8. Finally, face shaman has too much speed + silences for demonzoo. If you try using VT or VC they'll just Earth Shock, leaving you with your pants down. On the other hand classic zoo has the flood/tempo to overwhelm druids, and the potential to stall/outpace shamans and palis.
She's referring to Israeli police shooting Palestinian terrorists while they're in the process of stabbing people as "extra-judicial killings". It's the same thing.
It's the same people who use the term "Jew Patrol" that also complain about the "antisemitism card" being used.
That's a chicken.
I'm not sure if I'd consider someone chucking a molotov cocktail at me a "non-assailant". She also didn't say that; she made no such distinction.
How do I beat Freeze Mage with Zoolock (classic aggro zoolock)? I've been encountering a lot of them and I think I have a 0% winrate vs. freeze mage. I can't flood the board because freeze means I can't play anything new. Tapping is risky because they OTK. I often get killed 1 turn from killing them. Thoughts?
I Enjoyed JJ a lot but thought a lot of the dialogue was *terrible*. JJ and Luke were completely 2-dimensional. I think they really need to work on the dialogue and action sequences (which were pretty terribad). DD seemed to have higher production values, in that regard.
In Toronto, Ontario, the lead pipes on my street were replaced within the last ten years, and this is right downtown. Even so, it's good they did it eventually, and Toronto tap water is supposed to be some o' the best in the world.
It is... r/IsraelPalestine
That's not why people dislike the Roma. It's unfortunate but when people think of Roma they often think of pick-pockets and the like (because there are a fair amount of Roma pick pockets).
I don't run Gormok or EoM but I think one should be careful about classifying cards as "win-more" in aggro-zoo. With zoo if you lose the board mid to late game you lose. Using cards that clinch the board are actually pretty crucial.
I feel like that's more a symptom of being wealthy rather than being Jewish. A good deal of wealthy people lean to the right and oppose government spending because they don't want to be taxed more. Rich Christians tend to send their kids to private school too.
Mysterious Challenger
Two Owls seems like overkill as they can often end up dead/wasted. Jeweled Scarab just isn't very good in my opinion, especially considering warlocks have lifetap. I wouldn't take out Doomguards myself, but perhaps sub in Void Terrors instead or the Owls/Scarab, that way you get additional battlecries from Brann, and a way to get large minions.
It's not all about drug-crime prisoners though. Legalizing marijuana would allow for a substantial amount of tax revenue, and create a new(ly legal) production industry in Canada, not to mention all the businesses that go with it (dispensaries, cafes, bars, paraphernalia shops, etc.). It'd also be a large tourism draw.
I wouldn't hedge my assets. Keeping your foreign assets hedged to the CAD means that you'll be lacking currency diversity, and therefore your performance will be tied to the Canadian dollar. Sometimes the loonie will be weak (right now), sometimes it'll be strong, but I don't want to ride that +-30% wave. http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/03/06/why-currency-hedging-doesnt-work-in-canada/
Jesus Christ, does anyone know anything about either country? They're both *terrible*. They consistently get horrible scores on freedom indices (close to the bottom), as they're both oppressive dictatorships and they *both* supply large amounts of global terrorism. The funny thing is that Saudi Arabia most often beats Iran in terms of freedom score.
Both countries support a ton of terrorism. Iran also props up ruthless dictatorial regimes like Assad's in Syria. Assad (and Iran by proxy) caused this whole massive cluster!@#$ with ISIS. That is, 250,000 dead, and 4 million refugees that are pouring into European countries. It's funny how reddit can suddenly love Iran when it was a government they supported (with money and weapons) that started the Syrian civil war.
I'm not going to argue that, but that has no bearing on what the governments of either country would do with nukes. Saudi is terrible but at least it's allied with the West due to oil. Iran is allied with Russia, their axis seen as a destabilizing force on the world stage.
I would argue that they both get away with sponsoring terrorism (when was the last time the West went to war with either of them?), and that they're both thought of as pretty evil. Who actually likes Saudi Arabia for non-religious reasons?
It was the oppressive crackdown on the Arab Spring that led to riots that eventually escalated into a full-blown civil war. It was Assad (backed by Iran) that led to the war.
It was the US/Nato that were largely responsible for ousting these dictators though. Toppling them violently is what led to massive power-vacuums.
Probably not, because of their ties to Russia. The Cold War may have ended but there's still a West/East divide.
This seems to be a lie. Got a source for this? I have never seen someone claiming this, and can't find anything to back it up. It sounds more like Syrian propaganda.
They didn't create ISIS but it was the Assad regime that led to the civil war, as you said. ISIS is just a part of the civil war. There are many other factions.
That's not how the bi-party system works, nor is it how it works in most countries. The party itself or the populace pre-selects the candidates, and anyone can run as an independent. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump weren't selected by Supreme Leader Barack Obama.
Ok but this is a retired general and failed politician. I don't think there's any evidence that the US was instrumental in the uprising in Syria.
I always hear "yeah but the Iranian people are so nice it's just their government that's bad". Now I'm not saying that Iranians aren't nice people, but I guarantee 98% of these comments are made by people who have never been to Iran, and most likely the entire Middle East.
No. Bush was elected by the American public by a very thin margin, there was controversy, and the Supreme Court ruled in his favour.
You're extrapolating a lot from my explanation on how most democracies work. I think Iran is worse than Saudi Arabia. Internally, they're both different degrees of shit-holes that I would rather not live in. Externally, Saudi Arabia exercises force through its terror organizations, as you said. Iran does the same thing, except with Hezbollah, Hamas, the Assad regime, ties to Al Qaeda, et cetera. Again, both bad. The main difference between the two countries are their allegiances. Saudi Arabia sides with Western countries, Iran with Eastern countries (like Russia). Iran and Saudi Arabia both try to spread their influence through the Middle East with terrorism and foreign governments. There's a reason Russia doesn't want the Syrian regime to fall. Saudi would never do something to bite the hand that feeds it (for the most part), e.g. going to war with Israel. Iran is fed by a different hand.
Yes but I would argue Iran is not a democracy, just the illusion of one, which makes it more sinister.
Assad started by suppressing the Arab Spring. The populace was protesting for democracy and his regime responded with gunfire. It didn't start as terror.
I said "for the most part". I'm not going to deny that Saudi causes plenty of terror worldwide (although usually not directly), but as terrible as it sounds, these are relatively minor instances in the West. Iran actively arms and and funds Hamas in its terrorist war against Israel, a Western ally.
There's a differences between Saudi-sponsored terrorism and Sunni terrorism. I'm talking about terrorism that is specifically funded by Saudi/Iran. Sunnis represent 87-90% of Muslims, so it'd make sense that there's a greater number of Sunni jihadists. Assad/Iran is equally responsible for the 250k killed+4mil displaced. Iran also has ties to Al Qaeda. Hamas has killed far more than 100 people, and is directly responsible for the blockade of 2 million people (ongoing). I am very aware of the blood on Saudi Arabia's hands. I'm saying Iran does as well, and they're both terrible. I would not want either to get nukes, but I'd like it less if Iran had them. Iran's power in the region would become far greater if they got nukes.
Hah, well at least we can agree they're both bad. I'd also agree that I'd rather live in Iran (if I had to choose), but Iran with nukes would put the whole region in flux, which would most likely create a massive !@#$-storm. Yeah I was going to watch *A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night*, and I also heard *A Separation* was one of the best films of its year. They're on my to-do list.
One tends to over-weigh their own country for a number of reasons, and CCP goes into them in this article: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2012/05/22/ask-the-spud-does-home-bias-ever-make-sense/ .
I have a large, aggressive portfolio (85% equity) for a *long* time horizon (30 years+). I've had the same thoughts that your are, and I got asked this question: is chasing that .5% annual return worth it? Let's say the market crashes like in 2008. Companies take a massive hit and lay off workers, including you. Your equities have lost 45% value, and you're unemployed, with no source of income. Wouldn't it be nice to have that 10% you can tap into without realizing a massive loss? How about a less terrible example. The market is down and you'd like to buy a house. If you want to put down a larger down payment, you'll realize a loss. If you can still 100% say "it's worth it" then go for it, but there are no guarantees in life.
This is an important point. I think it's silly to go chasing .5% gains in exchange for a 100% equity portfolio (vs. 90%), yet at the same time you're not doing your absolute best to minimize tax drag (which could easily equal .5%+). Personally I use VUN/XEF/XEC.
Do not mix assets if you're not married or at least engaged. If you guys can't handle the idea of marriage, then don't mix your assets/debts. Do not share assets/debts with someone you disagree with in terms of how to spend money and how much should be spent. Pay off your debt first. How do you plan on paying off your 60k debt if you'll be unemployed living on a farm? Are your costs accurate? I kinda' doubt it. It'd likely be cheaper to buy a property with a house or trailer already on it, in terms of opportunity cost. Can you get approved for the mortgage you're claiming? Do you know how to build a house? Do you know how to farm? Do you know how much the farming equipment will cost? Etc, etc, etc. You either need to share more details on your plan, or you really haven't thought it through, and shouldn't go through with it.
I haven't been to either country, nor do I ever intend to. My knowledge comes from Western sources (I am not American, and nor are most of my sources). I don't think it's preposterous to compare two Islamic theocratic dictatorships that both enforce Sharia law. I would much rather visit Iran than Saudi, but they're both bad, and I'd rather skip both.
I'm not disputing anything you just said. Saudi Arabia is a terrible country. However, they'd probably be less volatile with nukes than Iran. Iran with nukes would gain a huge amount of sway in the Middle East, consequently strengthening Russia. I also don't think Saudi would ever get nukes without the express permission of the US. It wouldn't be worth it to them otherwise.
Here are some articles: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/09/12/foreign-withholding-taxes-in-international-equity-etfs/ http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2012/09/17/foreign-withholding-tax-explained/ http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/02/20/the-true-cost-of-foreign-withholding-taxes/
&gt; We need to get on the same page, or at least understand the relative gap between our contributions. I think this is an excellent idea. Also if you're going to share assets perhaps have 3 accounts: yours, theirs, and shared. If only one of you is working perhaps the other should get a "wage" from the other for doing most of the farming (I'm assuming the other will be doing more farming). Also where will you live during construction of the house? A trailer could be handy for that, even if it doesn't sound super glamorous.
CCP is the champion of passive investing in Canada so it gets mentioned a lot in this sub. If you're looking for more than passive investing, then it's probably not for you. The thing is, I think it's safe to say most Canadians lack the savvy/time/commitment/desire to partake in active investing, hence the popularity of CCP here.
So I took another look at your portfolio. For a CCP portfolio I'd probably include some Developed International ex-North America, nix the dividend fund, put more in the US, and stick with whichever bonds you prefer. Right now you're very tied to the Canadian market through hedging, as well as the underlying holdings. A normal CCP split would roughly be 33% Canadian, 33% US, 33% International. I also have 5% in developing markets. As for fixed income choose what matches your age/risk tolerance. EDIT: Oh one more thing, I know timing the market is typically bad, but things are unusually volatile in Canada these days. I would be cautious before ironing in a large loss or buying something that's doing very well. If you do intend on realizing a loss, consider tax-loss harvesting it against your income tax.
East Jerusalem had been previously illegally conquered by Jordan, and they decided to pave the roads with ancient Jewish grave-stones. It was originally planned to be an international city. The Palestinians have no legal claim to it, and I highly doubt Israel would ever give it up.
Whoops sorry. I was very tired when I wrote this. Well aware of the difference.
My bad. I do know the difference, just a typo. Must've been reading "West Bank" as I typed it or something.
I was talking about Gaza but misspoke. Deleted the comment.
I would argue that you are being the deceptive one. The native peoples you're referring to were usually ones who preceded "land ownership" as a concept, like Native Americans or indigenous Australians. Palestinians do not follow this trend. They were simply Arabs who lived in the land of Palestine during the reign of the Ottoman Empire. Post-Ottomans, the land belonged to the British (not the Palestinians), the UN decided it should become an international city, and then the Jordanians conquered it through war. Out of all the places in Israel, it's a bit nutty that people can claim Jerusalem is indigenous Palestinian land when it's filled with Jewish artifacts and architecture. And yes, it has been said that Jerusalem will never be divided again.
You have Intellect and Drakes for draw, and Portal and Mad Scientist for drawish. If you're really struggling Duplicate can help as a third secret.
My parents own a very old (est. 1940) used bookstore and I work there from time to time. It's really incredibly boring. It's not even the retail aspect. It's the sitting in an empty shop for hours and hours with very little to do and very few customers who aren't browsing. It sounds interesting and romantic but it's mostly just sitting around.
Apple is one of the most successful companies at vertical integration, so I don't see why not. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vertical_integration#Apple
Because it's quite boring. Very limited interaction with humans, and yet interruptive enough with phone calls and the occasional question that you can't concentrate on any one thing for an extended period of time. Also book collectors are oftentimes insane. Like totally bonkers. Finally, the jobs/situations you just outlined are bottom-barrel and not super common in a metropolitan city. Sounds more like the American mid-west/south...
Well Tesla is also a very new company... I'm sure Apple could figure it out.
Oh you mean the guy who called Hamas and Hezbollah (considered to be terrorist organizations) friends?
I've been switching between dup and counterspell and like them both. Duplicate also works as card draw(ish) and won me several late-games. The problem right now is most people expect a non-Mirror Entity to be counterspell and can often play around it. Duplicate's problem is Mirror Image. Really disappointing when that happens.
Mirror Image destroys druids though, which make up a ton of matches around R3.
Hmm. I'm sure you're right but I'm FTP and unfortunately don't have arcane blast, nor is it a priority. Don't know why they had to make it an epic. Seems more like a rare.
Demonzoo isn't necessarily worse, it's just not good in this meta. It's too slow to seize the board from other midrange decks like secret pali, and Voidcaller can be silenced, which seriously murders your tempo.
Then they'd have to print ID cards for every single migrant. That requires way more resources than a wristband.
Israel doesn't control Gaza, Hamas does. Israel and Egypt are *both* blockading Gaza because Gaza prefers terror over civilization.
but how is the southern Canadian climate different than the northern US? In Ontario there are a !@#$ton of mosquitoes. Is it because it's cold up here? 'Cuz it's not actually that cold, until you start goin' further north.
5 to legend is basically just druids and palis. I feel like the amount of druids with silence make the demon package quite weak compared to classic zoo. The odd shaman or two also pack Earth Shocks. I'm sure one could still make it to legend if they played demonzoo very well, I just think it'd be easier with other decks.
My family deals in rare books and I'm actually surprised by how cheap the "most expensive ABE books" are, but I guess that's because very expensive books aren't sold through ABE. Typically collectors approach my family inquiring if we have a certain book. A lot of it seems to be purely from word of mouth. There's also an antiquarian book-dealer society, so collectors can be pointed in the right direction through them. There's also a good chance collectors aren't the savviest internet users, as many of them are in their 80s+.
I believe extremely expensive treatments are covered (like $1000 per bottle drugs), but most are not. The new government is attempting to lower the price of drugs for Canadians.
You have issues man... Most people have no problem shaking hands or saying good game after a match. It's called sportsmanship. You want to win but ultimately you're playing for the challenge and the love of the game.
Face Hunter has always been the purest deck to me. So clean. So... *elegant*.
It means your computer is hacked with viruses. You'll have to throw it out.
These answers are such BS. **No one** likes playing against freeze mages or fatigue warriors. The games take forever, nothing happens, and then you die (or you win after a boring grind). The only way to avoid this is destroy them with aggro. The truth is people don't like *losing* to aggro. Aggro is also considerably more interesting than boring midrange decks (looking at you, secret pali). Aggro has to pay attention to clock, reverse clock, efficiency (to an extreme degree), and playing around clock-stops. Midrange just plops minions on curve, knowing that the minions will eventually be impossible to remove because they're the best in the game.
&gt; TD Bank is the first bank to start changing their fees this year; the others will soon follow suit. Yeah I guess I didn't think of that. It's just a BS move on their part. They claim they need to adjust pricing to "continue to meet your banking needs," when really they're just trying to see what they can squeeze out of you.
Don't got no smartphone!
The Palestinian Authority has already praised and incited the hundreds of stabbing attacks perpetrated on Israeli civilians over the last few months. (articles on this subject have been banned in worldnews) This is already a terrible time for peace negotiations, especially with France rigging it so that the Palestinians benefit from failed negotiations.
The occupation of the West Bank is what the negotiations are about. If Abbas wants to change that, he's supposed to come to the table.
They did buy a lot of land from absentee landowners from the Ottoman Empire. Many of the Arabs in the area didn't actually own the land they were squatting on.
No that's called "Total War" and it's also banned by the Geneva Conventions. Total war defines all members of an enemy state as combatants. Nowadays one must draw a distinction between military targets and civilians.
The Palestinians are among the most obese populations on the planet, contrary to the picture you're painting of them. The only reason their quality of life isn't higher is because the Palestinian Authority and Hamas funnel aid money into building terrorist tunnels, presidential palaces, or lining their own pockets.
Israeli civilians in Israel proper are not occupiers, they're just regular people. 9/11 would be justified by your logic.
http://www.economist.com/node/8846631
A Genji.
To be fair, Jay Wilson was held responsible for bungling D3 and was fired. With the new director Diablo PvP was officially scrapped.
the OIG report already found 3 non-personal emails that she deleted/were never turned over. I believe at least one had to do with someone potentially hacking her server.
Many non-smokers, like myself, are on the side of marijuana legalization. Enforcing petty marijuana related crimes is a huge waste of resources and ruins lives, especially for minorities. Legalizing weed will be a huge source of tax revenue, tourism, and it's no more harmful than alcohol (many would argue it's much less harmful).
You have it backwards. The US supports Israel and SA to prevent Iran and therefore Russia from gaining too much power in the region. It's in the USA's best interest to support the countries they do.
The *Samson* option is a conspiracy theory. I don't know what your government officials say, but I doubt they're collectively calling for the death of Iran.
Yes. Act like a mad dog, be treated like one.
Yeah all 1% of the West Bank taken up by settlements sure is genocide, amirite?
I don't see how "the average America" would be helped by supporting an Islamic state that destabilizes the region, is controlled by clerics, follows sharia law, starts proxy wars, executes homosexuals and dissidents, and is allied with Russia and Syria.
I'm well aware of the "progressives" in Iran. The real progressives leave, and it's as simple as that. The country has a Supreme Leader who is also commander in chief. There has never been any political precedent for removing him, and the only real solution would be a coup d'état, which would require the army he controls turning on him. Any Western money going to "progressives" in Iran would be countered by their imprisonment/execution. Dictators typically don't give up power, especially ones "appointed by god".
Well, you could always tell them that they could pay for their child to go to a private university for 50 grand a year. Sanders' proposal is for state universities. The Ivy League schools would still be considered better. The point of subsidized education is to prevent children from being stuck in the same class as their parents, which seems to be what the "American dream" is all about.
US homicides per capita: 4 Canada homicides per capita: 1.4 Also, France (1.2), UK (1), Spain (0.7), Germany (0.9), et cetera. See the trend? The US is up there with Iran, Egypt, Vietnam, Lebanon, and other third world countries.
No, suicide has a separate definition. I'm pretty sure it's only considered a homicide if a court finds them guilty, so if it's found to be legitimately justified (self defence), then it's not a homicide. Homicides are unlawful by definition.
You're right about the definition. However, the FBI states that as of 2013: &gt; There were 4.5 **murders** per 100,000 people. The murder rate fell 5.1 percent in 2013 compared with the 2012 rate. The murder rate was down from the rates in 2009 (10.5 percent) and 2004 (18.3 percent). (See Tables 1 and 1A.) Note: specifically references murders.
I would agree that murder has been steadily dropping, but a look at any Western country that *doesn't* allow basically anyone to get a gun shows that less gun ownership means less murders. The downward trend is unrelated. Canada (and a bunch of other Western countries) also see a decrease in violent crime year over year, and their gun ownership isn't increasing.
No... The only thing that really separates the US from other Western countries in terms of violent crime is gun ownership.
You misread my comment. I said gun ownership *isn't* increasing in other countries (in Canada it's gone down). Violent crime is dropping in Western countries as a general rule. Low income areas aren't specific to the US.
It's just personal preference. I always enjoy tanking (I do in most games), but I don't see why anyone would voluntarily play Symmetra. Give me a Hulk-space-gorilla diving the enemy backline any day of the week.
Saying something like "easy" isn't inherently offensive (i.e. it's not a curse word or a slur). They're saying it because they're trying to rattle you. The more upset you get, the worse you'll play (in most cases). It's entirely up to you whether you let it get to you. However, if someone is genuinely verbally abusing other players just report them. They'll get muted by Blizz.
It's a relief to meet another "ez" survivor. Sometimes I feel like the only one.
Unsportsmanlike conduct isn't a reportable offense. Reporting is for harassment (like constant flaming) or bigotry. "ez" doesn't cut it.
It might be because Sym's turrets are close-range and make that annoying sound. You can't hear a Torb turret from far away
Torb is more like Demon Hunter though!
Most people blame Jay Wilson and his poor game directing. He was arrogant, ignored what the fans said they wanted, tried to appeal more to casuals, and was more focused on "polish" rather than actual content. They scrapped so much content that they clearly put a ton of work into that the game just felt lacking. Two big ones were the runestone system and the PvP arena.
The Oslo Accords give them control over the entirety of area C. The land that's actually occupied by settlements is 1%.
Surely an experienced swordsman would be able to aim towards the ground.
I can't understand why they didn't do this. Maybe they'll add it.
I've never felt so validated by a tweet.
Jews used to be one of the largest demographics in boxing, along with the Irish. It all stopped after WWII.
[He reminds you of a walrus?](https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/hearthstone.gamepedia.com/thumb/5/57/Refreshment_Vendor_full.jpg/400px-Refreshment_Vendor_full.jpg?version=060aa652fb990027578bc26fe81494d2)
Meh, tusked people all look the same, amirite?
Your stats are completely made up.
The Soviet Union?
Krav Maga is also specifically geared to fighting armed assailants (mostly knives and guns).
I work in one of the seediest hoods in the city next to these bars and what you're saying isn't actually how they work. Criminals don't flock to a random bar and ruin it, they're attracted to bars that intentionally turn a blind eye to criminal activity and are probably run by organized criminals themselves. One of the bars on my block harbors crackheads and dealers who hang-out inside and out. They'll kick you out if you're not "one of them", and the bar is tended by a solitary woman with no bouncer. Considering how dangerous the patrons are I highly doubt she's not linked to organized crime. There have been several stabbings outside the bar over the years and it's crazy that they still have a license.
Alfie's. The man who owned the convencience store on the corner was stabbed to death outside Alfie's. Someone was also beaten to death with a baseball bat right outside.
Police require at least 6 officers to deal with one person with a knife (they probably all have knives). Many of them are tweaked out on meth or crack, and probably a good percentage of them are HIV positive or have Hep C. The cops don't want to go near them, and if they're booked for carrying crack they'll be in prison for a very short amount of time.
Depends on the sniper. If you're very skilled it can be very good. If you can't aim well, then it's much worse than heroes that are easy to aim, like Winston. If you can consistently get gold medals, then go nuts. The problem is, many can't.
The belief in creating/maintaining a state for the Jewish people, who have historically been persecuted for... thousands of years.
&gt; 1)An illegal and oppressive occupation. The occupation is legal, the settlements are not.
Bear in mind TF2 was also a paid game before it became free to play. There are plenty of current TF2 players who actually paid full price way back when.
Thought the same thing as soon as I saw it.
Judging by their signs they seem to be more in-line with Muslim apologists rather than condemning radical Islam. "*Islam promotes human rights*". Riiiight. That's why everyone is flocking to the Middle East and North Africa. Plus, it's hundreds out of at least a million. Not exactly huge.
Yeah but I don't think Palin being a woman had anything to do with that. It was more a case of her being totally bat-shit and saying genuinely stupid stuff.
Ah, thanks for clarifying. I agree that it's not super impressive, but I think a lot of that stems from how poor HRC's favourability rating is. A large percentage of people don't like her, very few people trust her, and an orange lunatic is going to hand her the election.
Judaism is the religion of the Jewish people, Jewish is a race/ethnicity/people. The complication is that converts to Judaism (although very rare) are still referred to as Jewish. The Jewish people share a gene pool to the extent of other recognized races. Islam is a religion, shared mostly by Arabs, Persians, North Africans, and SE-Asians.
I wouldn't say that was the primary concern. The original thread is about Tracer's pose having "[out of place sexiness]" for a character that's supposed to be silly and kind, and this somehow made the game unplayable for the complainer's daughter because Tracer is supposed to be pure and chaste. The whole argument is pretty regressive. Even if the pose *was* suggestive (and I don't think it was) the idea that a strong and kind female character can't show off her booty if she wants to is BS. According to the complainer it's ok when Widowmaker shows her booty because Widowmaker is evil and therefore a sloot, and Tracer shouldn't because good=chaste.
Not a good comparison. You can change heroes on the fly in Overwatch, but not in the middle of a match in a fighting game. For example the enemy team goes 6 Winstons, your team can go 6 Pharahs.
It seems as though she thinks that a female being sexual and a female being "fun, silly, and strong" are mutually exclusive. *She* is the one reducing Tracer to a sex symbol based on seeing her butt in tights.
For some reason I thought they were a mother, but I guess they're a father.
&gt; She isn't much against tanks I don't know how all of y'all are playing her, but I find D.Va *very* strong vs. tanks. Her up close damage is huge and very consistent, and it's very easy to use a payload as cover while simultaneously unloading into Reinhardt's shield or Roadhog's face. Facing 2 tanks is ever better as I'll always have someone to shoot at. Very easy to get gold damage (and typically 3 more golds if you're standing on the payload). Also, it's very easy to charge your mech back up vs tanks since their hitbox is so big. Should be able to charge it back up in under 30s.
I find the opposite as D.Va. The stakes are low for me to keep churning damage into your face, and if you hook me I'll be at max damage range. A strategic E can cancel 25% of your clip with little downtime, your reload is slow, and as Roadhog you're at the disadvantage of actually having to land your very limited shots. If my Mech goes down, I can almost always disengage while hitting you with my pistol, especially if you're self-healing. By the time you're done healing, I'm out of range, and almost ready to get back in my mech because Roadhog is the best Mech charger in the game. I have found that if you start healing in mid-combat with me that means you're usually going to die.
This has to be the worst possible example you could've used to defend your case. &gt; we had some problems ಠ_ಠ
$4 billion a year isn't going to come *close* to covering college tuition.
Yeah healing mid-fight is pretty dumb. All you'd be doing is charging enemy ults. Still, lots of Roadhogs do this.
Yeah but I'm not sure saying "it only took a couple world wars and a holocaust" is doing you any favours. That's what we're trying to avoid in the Middle East.
I believe telling someone to kill themselves is a bannable offense, so you can take solace in that. As are racist slurs.
Germans could be drafted but they weren't forced to execute Jews in camps, it was voluntary. Their life wasn't on the line.
No statute of limitations on murder, war crimes, or crimes against humanity.
It wasn't kill or be killed. Doing what he did was voluntary. Germans weren't forced to work at death camps, and this man was SS.
This man was SS at a death camp, not some random Wehrmacht soldier. Is there a reason you're hell-bent on defending literal Nazis?
Life sentences are never meant to rehabilitate. Neither are death sentences (as seen in the US).
Being sent to the front wasn't a death sentence. There were plenty of logistical jobs. This man was a voluntary SS member working voluntarily at a death camp.
"5 year prison sentence."
He was a voluntary member of the SS.
Why does everyone think prison is for rehabilitation? The US has life sentences and the *death penalty*. You can even get a life sentence from the 3 strikes policy in the US. This man is an accessory to crimes against humanity and was a voluntary member of the SS stationed at a death camp. A literal Nazi.
He would've gotten a life sentence at an earlier stage in life. He just got away with it for 70 years. There's no statute of limitations on murder or crimes against humanity. As for the answer, Germany changed their laws and that allowed them to prosecute this man.
He escorted Jews to the gas chambers.
He escorted Jews to the gas chambers.
No one is charging German soldiers for war crimes from WWII. This is a voluntary SS member stationed at a death camp, something that most countries have never had.
Wrong. All personnel at Auschwitz were members of the [SS-Totenkopfverbände](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SS-Totenkopfverb%C3%A4nde) AKA Death's Head Unit. They were a voluntary unit and responsible for the administration of death camps.
There were multiple fronts, and multiple logistical jobs, including ones in Germany. Saying "I'd rather gas Jews than fight in a war," isn't a good excuse.
He could have not been a member of the Nazi party... A German during WWII =/= Nazi. This man chose to be SS.
He was a member of the SS-Totenkopfverbände, not a "security guard". Joining the SS-Totenkopfverbände is akin to joining ISIS. Doesn't matter how low on the ladder he was.
He did chose to be a guard at Auschwitz. All personnel at Auschwitz were SS-Totenkopfverbände, a voluntary force responsible for administrating the death camps.
No it's not. Do you not realize that the **Nazi Party** and the **SS** are not the same as " a random German circa WWII"? He wasn't Wehrmacht, he was a member of the SS-Totenkopfverbände, the force responsible for administrating the death camps (**voluntarily**). It's like he was an ISIS member in Syria, and you're saying he was just like any other Syrian.
I guess? I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not American.
He was a member of the SS-Totenkopfverbände, but go on, defend the voluntary member of the "Death's Head Unit".
His position as a SS-Totenkopfverbände was voluntary.
No statute of limitations on murder or crimes against humanity.
He voluntarily joined the SS.
Joining the SS was voluntary, and showed a willingness to be part of the Nazi machine. SS aren't the same as a random German soldier. The mistake you're making is that only a sociopath can voluntarily commit atrocities. Members of the Nazi party and SS believed in Aryan purity and supremacy, and thought of other races like Jews and Gypsies as sub-human.
You're wrong. Joining the Nazi party was a conscious (and non-mandatory) choice during the Third Reich.
Reading that sentence actually made me gag a bit. I just ate!
Yeah Jesus Christ where did all these Nazi apologists come from?
Politicians seem pretty technically incompetent across the board. They don't understand how the stuff works and they don't invest in cyber-security. Have you looked at their stances on net neutrality and encryption? They're either being hugely disingenuous or have no idea what they're talking about.
That triangle is his scalp, sans hair. He furrows his brow and has an expressive forehead, so it stands out against his scalp. It's called a receding hairline.
75% to US military contractors, 25% to their own military.
&gt; "In its favour"? What the fuck. For Hamas that would mean genociding all Jews.
You're not going to be able to change it. The USA trades aid for influence, giving them global power that no other country can rival. It's the price of being a superpower. Also, for Egypt and Israel specifically, aid from the US is part of the peace deal signed in this late seventies. It keeps the Suez Canal open and the oil flowin'.
The cause of Arafat's death is unknown. He could've been poisoned, but it might've also been AIDS or another illness.
Gold can pair with white or black pretty easily too.
I think most heroes have a couple skins that will work well with the gold. Any black, white, or gold skin should work.
Most of the 200 you mentioned were in the midst of carrying out terrorist attacks when they were shot by police. Look it up.
&gt; Abbas isn't a dictator, he's holding onto power because... Giving a rationale doesn't mean he's not a dictator. Assad is better than ISIS, but he's still a dictator. You're still citing a conspiracy theory, and I've heard the positions.
Not OP but from my perspective it seems like she demands to be treated like a queen on top of the $225,000 fee. Makes her seem rather out of touch with the middle/lower-class that she claims to champion.
You don't have to be a Trump supporter to dislike Hillary.
He incites violence (lies about Al-Asqa), glorifies terrorists, pays them salaries, has a PhD in Holocaust denial, and is not a willing partner for peace. He won't actually come to the table with Netanyahu unless he meets his "demands". Unofficial proposals like the one in the OP don't count (because it's not real...).
It's not impossible. It's the same idea as Hillary's donors. Could someone receive millions of dollars from Wall Street and the pharmaceutical industry and remain neutral? Yes. Will Hillary? A lot of people doubt it.
I didn't say it was fake. It's unofficial and illegitimate, as the man on the Israeli side has no power to make the deal. If there was an Abbas-Peres deal (I'm pretty sure it's speculative), it would still be illegitimate. It'd be like a deal between Putin and Donald Trump, i.e. illegitimate. Israel doesn't "take more land". They build on land already under their control.
&gt; The Nazis don't 'take more land' in eastern europe. They built on land already under their control. Do you see how absurd this logic is? Settlements take up 2% of West Bank land at most, and they're not building any new settlements. Your analogy just shows how slanted your opinions are. And just saying the words "Netanyahu is responsible for the lack of peace" doesn't make it so. None of what you're saying is backed up by proof. For instance, in 2014 Netanyahu agreed to the precondition of releasing 100+ terrorists for the pleasure of negotiating with Abbas, and Abbas tanked the talks as soon as he got the bulk of the prisoners released. Abbas has made 0 concessions. That's why the West Bank is still a shit-hole. If the Palestinians really wanted peace they'd nut-up and realize they lost the war they started 70 years ago.
Most of these aren't real peace deals and you know it. They don't involve the Israeli Prime Minister, which is an obvious requirement for peace to work. Convenient how you ignore the *actual* official peace deals, like the 2000 Camp David Summit, where Arafat walked away from one of the best deals the Palestinians have ever received, and offered no counter-offer.
&gt; The long term solution should not revolve around sudden death though, Blizzard needs to balance the maps so it's 50-50 win rate for offense and defense. Doesn't really work. The winrate changes depending on how skilled the team is (by a pretty wide margin too).
The link doesn't work.
The US gives a ton of aid to a ton of countries. The whole "no aid for Israel and then we can fix America" argument doesn't make sense. The aid budget is separate from other budgets.
Peace keeps the Suez Canal open, which keeps the oil flowing. Peace is cheaper than war.
The Beta Israel (Jews) are black. You don't know what you're talking about. Plus, Jews have historically been oppressed by whites.
Most Jewish grandparents still remember the "No Jews Allowed" signs on businesses and clubs in North America circa 1950. I don't think that type of discrimination existed against the Irish that late in the 20th century (although I could be wrong).
The title is misleading.
The US would lose its place as a superpower if it stopped all aid, which it exchanges for influence. It would give Russia/China a perfect opportunity to take the reins.
Beta Israel means "house of Israel", but you lack the basic understanding of Jewry to understand that.
Markets are not perfectly efficient. Much of the market is built on speculation, fear, greed, etc.. Exploiting the inefficiency is a way to make money on the stock market. E.g. X company is worth $12/share, but it's still climbing from $9, so I'll buy 100 shares now (@$9) and sell them all once they reach my predicted "true" value of $12. However, there's the possibility they never make it to $12/s. The guy above you is giving speculative advice about the direction of the GBP in the coming weeks, but they don't seem to be basing their argument on anything concrete so they're basically spinning a roulette wheel.
Bernie already said he'd vote for Clinton months ago, and months before that. Perhaps everyone should just listen to the things he says. Like when he says "I'm going to the convention" 20 million times you should just believe him.
Calling yourself the friend of terrorist organizations like Hamas can certainly rustle some feathers.
There is currently no room for weed at LCBOs (their alcohol stock is already not great). There'd absolutely have to be separate stores.
He could be a professional gigantic cock.
If you're looking for a mechanical keyboard the Corsair Vengeance keyboards are pretty nice. I have a K70, with brown switches. [Looks like this but without the stupid enter key (and it's not the European version or whatever this one is)](https://www.technic3d.com/article/pics/1571/Corsair_K70_Tastatur_004.JPG). Brushed stainless steel body, black keys, programmable backlight (mine is blue, but I don't really use it), dedicated media keys (something I always look for), USB passthrough, and mechanical switches. Just don't spill liquid on it.
Both games are going to be dated (some people care about this, some don't). I'd probably just skip FO3 because NV is simply better. If you really like it, you can always play FO3 later. Both games can have a *huge* amount of playtime.
Is this your job/do you plan on it becoming your job?
Is that guy's truck rapping?
I want the Don to dry out :/. Stupid snow.
They also keep publishing pretty weak click-bait non-stories.
Dirt Jumpin'.
It doesn't have to be a 29er. There are 26+ and 27.5+ too. A 27.5+ is actually the same outer diameter as a 29er, and I believe some frames are made to fit both (I'm not sure if there are 26+/27.5 frames).
He's a member of the Democratic leadership.
He's a member of the Democratic leadership.
My GF just bought me a pair for the holidays. They work, I think. To be fair I've never actually worn LJs so I don't have anything to compare them to. I wore them while biking today for the first time under my jeans. My legs felt fine (not toasty but not cold either), and now that I'm indoors they still feel fine. However, I'm betting they're going to give me some ingrown leg hairs since they're like tights. Man-tights.
&gt; Schumer put him there to make people like you think Bernie has a seat at the table. He's a token. Or he did it so people like you can tout their little theories. Ceremonial positions still matter in politics. Schumer could have done nothing, and he's also endorsed Keith Ellison. Schumer is trying to bring more of the Sanders wing into the fold. Sanders has amazing approval ratings and is currently one of the loudest voices in the Democratic party.
Yeah I'm going Saturday with my GF because of this thread.
Progress sure is upsetting, huh?
Leg hair is the original long john!
o.O
I believe OP means relative to the world. As a Canadian, Hillary seems right of our centre party.
Dead people: Literally every single human ever that's not alive at this exact moment.
&gt; it was theirs The Ottoman Empire's?
Nor was Palestine a country in an *ever* sense.
You serious? I can get an XL of some of the best pizza in Toronto for $17. I thought Quebec had cheaper food.
Note that the winter display mentioned by Febenwhat ends tomorrow. Place closes at 5PM.
Only if the person uploaded it to a site somewhere. I'd try vanilla-ish MC before branching out.
As far as I know the Chinese have a somewhat racist but not entirely unflattering opinion of Jews. They have lots of books with titles like "The Secrets of Jewish Banking", and "The Keys to Jewish Finance", et cetera. They believe Jews are smart and industrious, but at the same time they treat Jews like mythical beings and take a lot of cues from antisemitic conspiracy theories.
Yeah, it's kinda weird, but not the worst opinion someone could have about your race.
He has a position in the Democratic leadership, which is more than most Democrats.
How did it get halfway over the fence?
"#1 hack for E-bike conversion"
&gt; Not many Chinese live in Chinatown. Anecdotally, it seems like a whole bunch of 'em live in Chinatown to me. My street consists of students and Chinese families.
&gt; From my 5 years in Toronto I have not seen running reds as a serious an ongoing issue. I rarely, if ever, see it downtown, but once you start hitting the burbs traffic lights become mere suggestions.
Trump likes his chicken spicy.
Lived in downtown Toronto my whole life and I pronounce the whole GD word. I've also *never* met anyone who says "Tronno" "Trannah" or whatever else. Even the people who claim "Tronna" is the "true" pronunciation still just say Tor-on-toe.
AG, not SoS.
The northern side of Queen, east of Sherbourne has a bookstore, antique shop, bike shop, barber shop (very ritzy), tattoo parlor, and butcher, all within heritage buildings. It's really just Alfie's, the Queen and Sherbourne variety store (drug front), and the hostels around the corner that make the neighbourhood a pit.
&gt; Trump tattoo ?
Grab 'em by the taco. Move on them like a bitch.
No ragrets, amirite?
Get his lips tattooed on your eyelids.
&gt; some guy whispered if I need anything. Just your average good Samaritan I'm sure.
I wish I could do this, but the weather in my area won't pick a lane. It's been freezing/thawing/freezing and none of the trails are rideable :&lt;.
How protective are the pads you linked? I've never worn knee pads and those look like a couple layers of fabric (i.e. not super protective). I ask because I'm a powerlifter and would like to protect my knees, but don't know how much padding I need (trail riding, fairly technical).
Yeah I've lost a lot of ground since injuring my knee last spring, but I'm getting back on track. Took quite a while to get it diagnosed as IT band syndrome.
We're going to build a wall to keep Trump's America out of Canadia (and **he** is going to pay for it).
I wear jeans in fall/winter. Wearing $20 "slim" jeans (tapered, not skinny jeans). Rolling the cuff will help with getting caught in the chainring, not sure about the crotch.
The guy in the bottom left corner is gouging out his eye with his thumb.
&gt; 1200 is more than half of what the average adult male should be consuming in an entire day. Seems pretty low for "more than half". I would think the average hovers more around 2400-2700/day mark.
I'll second this. They're nice, seem to know what they're doing, and cheaper than a lot of the competition.
Yeah I'm considering those ones but I'm worried they'll be too light. Think they'd be enough to prevent injury from a tree/root/rock at moderate trail speeds?
Not a member of government...
Nice ride! You should bling it out with a couple of [these](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B018J1J6SI/ref=twister_B01EONZSAA?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1) :P.
Nice. I'll probably get 'em then. I'm not doing anything too crazy but if I'm going to wear pads it'll be to prevent moderate/serious injury. Thanks for the help!
If you're waiting on the protector to arrive but still want to go riding *and* don't want to chip the paint, I'd wrap the stay in an inner tube or gaffer tape or at least electrical tape.
You might find this worth watching. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWnjC99PvZg
Vanilla's pretty fuckin' grate tho. Mix it with some fruit, or pie. Very taste.
MEC and Sweet Pete's have them. They're pricey though. Some people make their own.
&gt; American car Why would a Canadian care about this?
That's a pretty massive discount. Do A&amp;Ws make money o.O?
Do they really do this? Vegetarians might not be a fan of that.
Yes. Or at least being vegetarian doesn't mean you don't eat eggs. Most veggies I know won't care about eggs being cooked on the same grill as meat, but draw the line at food being cooked in lard.
I opted for a really beefy tire instead of a studded one since they're so damn pricey. Something you can do with MEC is get an out-of-stock item shipped to the store nearest you for free. Sometimes it only takes a few days.
Since no one has made a very basic correction to the question... : **Judaism is a religion**, specifically the religion of the Jewish people (almost exclusively). **Jews** are the people/race/ethnicity (whatever you want to call it) that have traditionally practised Judaism, and are descendent from the same ancestors (hence being considered a race). Jews are further broken down into subgroups based on geographical roots.
I didn't say you have Israelite blood. Chances are though you share a lot of genetic makeup with other Jews (unless your rabbi ancestors were converts, which is unusual).
Straight couples also end up on the sex offenders registry if they're caught banging in a public park.
I can't not laugh whenever I see dickbutt.
Really? A cheeseburger and wine?
He's still in the Democratic leadership.
Not sure if this helps but I've been riding the same $450 Raleigh hardtail for the last 12 years. It sure ain't light but it's still truckin'!
Canadians have to pay for their own pharmaceuticals (for the most part), so it seems like this person has 3rd party insurance that doesn't cover fat spliffs.
http://www.maplematch.com/ Join us, the water is fine.
Barron looks like a real piece o' shit kid. Thank God he's good at cyber.
Only on the inside ;&gt;
His hair is probably sprayed to be completely apocalypse-proof for the inauguration. Doesn't want [this to happen](http://images.gawker.com/twtjebkms5hvjr0wiinh/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800.jpg).
It's disappointing he didn't write his own speech. I wanted word salad.
I'm not an American but free speech means that the government can't censor you. It doesn't prevent you from getting punched in the teeth when you're being a piece of shit.
That's the law for assault, and doesn't have anything to do free speech.
Actually though?
Don't know what "gotten really loose" means but changing bars+stem is quite cheap. If you're looking to shorten stem/widen bars or w/e I'd say go for it. Pedals can be transferred onto your next bike (they're usually sold without pedals). A dropper probably isn't worth it when it costs a decent percentage of the entire bike.
Obama reverted the rule back to lifetime Secret Service protection.
That's not how polls work. They were in the margin of error, and 10% (or 30% for 538) chance to win is still an ok chance.
Reality dictates a narrative. Doesn't mean it's biased or wrong.
Palestinians don't launch rockets at actual targets though, just the general direction of an Israeli town.
It will be in WJ, not EJ.
*^^riiight*
&gt; neurosurgeons make millions Widely considered one of the most skill intensive jobs that exists, and they work 80/w.
The skill levels required aren't even close. There's a reason there are only 3500 neurosurgeons in the US.
We need to build a wall!
Canadians have health cards because we all get health care :). Plus, we can use utility bills, students cards, library card, etc., as ID.
Depends on the province, but most new health cards are photo ID. Mine also isn't photo ID, but I've chosen to stick with the old card. The health card you have still works as voter ID. You just need to pair it with something else.
The streetcars in their dedicated lanes can actually be surprisingly quiet.
&gt; and I frequently visit /r/The_Donald. But *why*? I've checked it out before. Are they *all* shills/trolls?! It's hard to believe even Trump's most ardent/stupid/12-year-old supporters can take that sub seriously.
You **don't** need photo ID. You could use a library card and a utility bill, or a letter from a shelter if you're homeless. The reason your argument doesn't work is because it's quite easy to vote in Canada, and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes in line on election day.
The YT seems a lot more downhill oriented. Check out the differences in suspension travel. The YT also has a slacker head angle of 65 degrees vs. 67.
Everyone knows the real threat is a flock of beavers riding mooses. That's why I carry a bottle of maple syrup to placate them.
Flocks of beavers are worse because they can fly, duh. Are you even a real Canadian? If you feed meese (mooses) real gravy they'll become fully carnivorous. You're part of the problem.
I have an old MTB that's 3x and I've never tried anything else. Just curious, why is 2x better than 1x? Don't they end up having a similar range of gears?
I can think of one way (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°): http://www.maplematch.com/
Sure but you'll need a driver's license to use it.
Holy cow, you're right! Thanks for making me much more unattractive to liberal American ladies. It does seem as though Canadians can sponsor their spouses for permanent residence (stepping stone to citizenship).
&gt; finding employment Still an issue for Canadians :/. Especially for 18-30 year olds.
I thought the 2nd amendment was supposed to defend against tyranny?
You probably want to be more specific than "Manitoba". http://www.trailforks.com/region/manitoba/
Sorry I have not. I'm from Ontario and have only ridden The Don trails. Seems like [this video](http://www.trailforks.com/video/3010/) is taken from within Winnipeg. http://www.trailforks.com/region/westview-park/
I'm 24 and haven't managed to injure myself yet :&gt;. I did fall off a skinny and crush the tip of my wang on my seat last week though.
Is it not :/? They posted it under WestView park.
His ban omits Egypt, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Saudi Arabia, and the UAE. Most of the 9/11 hijackers were from Saudi, with a couple from the Egypt and the UAE, the Taliban is from Afghanistan, Pakistan harbored Osama bin Laden, and Saudi is also a global exporter or terror. [Number of terrorist attacks perpetrated by refugees from Trump's list of countries: 0.](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/29/us/refugee-terrorism-trnd/)
I don't see why being of House Teabaggington should invalidate one's opinions.
You're correct. You're more likely to be shot by a toddler.
I'm at work so I can't look super hard, but there are multiple articles on it. Some more recent than this one. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/benjamin-powers/toddlers-involved-in-more_b_8650536.html
If I lived in the states I'd be buying a gun ASAP. Shit's 'bout to get real fukt.
Do it. The 2A exists for exactly the shit that's going on right now. It's been basically a week. He's just getting started.
If you don't own a gun you may want to consider one.
I have no idea but I'm sure there are plenty of redditors/subs with advice. It just seems like things are escalating *really* quickly.
You do have to identify yourself to law enforcement :/.
It has absolutely had an effect. Things like Netflix wouldn't exist it ISPs had been able to charge an extra $30/month just for the privilege of using Netflix. Without net neutrality you could see ISPs doing ridiculous shit like charging an extra $12.99 for the "facebook, wikipedia, reddit" bundle, AKA the opposite of a fair and free market.
There isn't a ban on lobbying. I'm just gonna' copypasta someone else's response. From u/111691: &gt; That's because it didn't happen! The only "ban" he put on anything was that banning anyone from lobbying on behalf of a foreign government. That's a lifetime "ban". The "5 year ban" you're talking about is simply an executive order (read:not a law and not exactly enforceable) stating that those who served in his administration, that is, the Executive Branch of the government during his presidency (20 Jan 2017-) are barred from acting as lobbyists for 5 years, but only against lobbying directed at their own former agency (so someone working for the HHS could be a lobbyist for the DoE with no consequences), and there's an additional two year limit on avoiding issues regarding former clients of those lobbys.. There is no real protocol for enforcement attached to the order, just vague language saying that civil proceedings could be used against someone in violation, along with another 5 year "ban" as punishment. The kicker? Trump can waive any restrictions as he sees fit. So while he might be draining the swamp, he's only doing so in a superficial manner in order to remodel it in his own likeness, just like everything he has ever touched. Stop spreading misinformation about a ban on lobbying.
How noticeable is the difference between Reynolds 853 and 4130 Cromo? Does it just boil down to weight savings?
Well now I feel like my new (used) 4130 dirt jumper is a Ford Taurus piece of poo! I've been considering a nice steel hardtail for my next (and first real) mtb, but Reynolds tubing is hella expensive, and most of the larger NA companies seem to use 4130 or "custom" tubing.
Yeah I've only ever really heard Alex do it. I also find it a bit annoying.
I mean, sure, companies like TLD have some pretty garish colours, but you don't *have* to buy the bright orange shorts. It's really not hard to find a black jersey, grey shorts, black shoes, or whatever other colour you prefer. Shorts are on the longer side to cover knee pads. Jerseys look like any other athletic shirt. EDIT: I think that cycling glasses look dorky but they're meant to be functional eye protection, not super trendy.
Congrats on the new bike! I've been interested in something along the lines of a 27.5 Camber for next year. Leaning towards a Commencal TR 4.2. Your next upgrade should be a dropper.
Kinda sounds like you're in the market for a used dirt jumper. They're not terribly efficient commuters but they're fun, made for tricks, and should be able to rip around campus easily enough. They're like big-boy BMX bikes. DJ bikes start at 650-800ish new. It shouldn't be too impossible to find one for $500 on pinkbike, and Norco sells the Ryde 26 new for $500, but it has a pretty budget spec, so I'd probably go used.
Mileage isn't really used as a metric for used bikes. It could be in pristine condition after 10000 miles or well-worn in 2k.
I use IXS Flow knee pads. They're light and flexy but they harden up on impact. They'll still make your knees a bit sweaty on hot summer days (all pads will). Some people have problems with the IXS Flow sizing, so read the reviews and check the size charts first. I personally don't use a shin pad. Thus far my shins have remained scar free (only bruises and small cuts for the time being). If you're interested in shin pads it seems like most are knee/shin combo pads. I use sticky 510 shoes to keep the pins away from my legs, and I've dialed back the pins a bit so they're less akin to a velociraptor.
Skate shoes, Vans, or something similar can work. The only problem with those shoes is they're not very stiff. I think their rubber is also a bit harder, but I've heard it still works.
&gt; the guy there didn't even consider the pitch for me and said I'll need a 29er because of my Height. I wouldn't listen to this man.
Always wear a helmet, and maybe additional protective gear. I always wear a helmet, knee pads, and gloves. Also, if you can't make it to the trails, you can always work on your skills in the street. Even things you wouldn't do on the trails can help you get a better feel for your bike. Tricks/skills that are useful on the trails include: manuals, bunnyhops, endos, and maybe wheelies.
Really? I thought it was founded by Ben Ghazi.
Instructional: GMBN, Seth's Bike Hacks, Skills with Phil. If you want cinematic videos of people mountain biking the Yeti *Proven Here* videos are very well done.
Looks sweet. I've been wanting a rigid 29er as a commuter and for when I want to switch it up on the trails.
Yeah I watch all of those as well, but I don't find the POV of SS and BKXC super exciting. They're sort of "filler" watching for me, when I'm also doing something else. I forgot to mention Sam Pilgrim for dirt jumping, Ali Clarkson's channel for trials (Danny Mac is a frequent guest on the channel), and Scotty Cranmer if you're into BMX.
Yeah but Trump *also* wants to spend more on the military, while being isolationist (???).
I just rode a DH flow trail in the Don a couple days ago. Not super technical, but still fun. All the jumps and drops were optional.
Most of the trails in the Don Valley (which is *in* Toronto) aren't *that* hard, but there's a decent trail network. Lots of up and downs, short technical climbs (like off-camber, rooty, exposed switchbacks), followed by short descents. There's a dirt jump area, and a few short downhill trails. The Don certainly isn't the best trail network in Ontario, but I live in the centre of downtown and can get there in 20 minutes by bike. I go all the time! There's also a really cool dirt jump/skills park on the west side of the city near the lake. It has some pretty big jumps, drops, a wallride, a nice pump track, and a skinnies section. I'd go more often but it's kind of far from me and commuting there on a dirt jumper is terrible.
I responded to you elsewhere but here's a link worth reading: [An F.B.I. agent’s contemporaneous notes are widely held up in court as credible evidence of conversations. -NYT](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/16/us/politics/james-comey-trump-flynn-russia-investigation.html)
&gt; It's getting to the point where progressives will refuse to vote for anyone unless they support single payer. While I agree with it, it just shows how stupid and damaging these purity tests are. Canadian here: You guys will *never* get decent healthcare unless you hold your politicians to task for supporting your current third world conditions. It's not a bad thing to refuse to support someone who tacitly endorses the involuntary euthanasia of tens of thousands of (less wealthy) Americans.
Yes, that's true. It seems like Trump approached other intelligence agents too though, so there's a good chance they might have their own damning memos.
It can only be the "best day" if something spectacularly horrible happens to Betsy.
FBI agents' contemporaneous notes are admissible as evidence. Comey says it's authentic, so it counts as evidence.
Russia is **known** to have created vasts amount of anti-Hillary propaganda/"fake news" using a bot army and far right websites/facebook. They also are confirmed to have hacked the DNC, and various other targets. It also came out on Monday that it's been confirmed that they hacked into voting infrastructure in certain states (including swing states).
It was reported that he was surrounded by a team of lawyers while he watched.
He did actually lay that on Bill and Loretta's little meeting on the tarmac during the election. I don't think he's ever said that before. He said that he felt he had to bring it up to distance the FBI from what looked like Clinton-AG collusion.
It's not *that* ambiguous. As Comey said, given the context of him being alone with the *President of the United States*, the insistent "hope" that Comey could **stop an ongoing FBI investigation** is pretty clear. He wasn't saying "I hope it doesn't rain tomorrow," he was saying "I hope [you do what I want you to do]."
I've also wondered this. I imagine their Ti and possibly Steel Honzo are made by a 3rd party (beyond their usually manufacturer), and the page says "Contact your dealer" so they're likely only available through special order through an LBS. Perhaps they don't sell completes because there's not enough demand for multiple builds, and they're not in the business of making custom builds. That's just a guess though :P. Could have to do with component supplier contracts too.
They should be avoided. They're mostly BSOs (bike shaped objects). You can get cheap bikes from more reputable manufacturers, and if one is looking for an actual decent budget brand, Raleigh usually manages to pull off respectable specs for the price. Cheap bikes are like netbooks. They look like they're the real deal (sorta), but they can barely pull off basic tasks.
Including the 70ft canyon jump!
As long as his ankles survived he seemed to roll out of it very well.
It can be hard to tell how steep things are on video so I don't know if this will work, but you could try the outside line and do a wheelie pivot if the turn radius is too tight.
Sometimes it's a staffer. There's actually a way to tell the difference, someone wrote an article about it (too lazy to find). Anyway, Trump posts all the super dumb ones, his staffers post the boring "Looking forward to meeting *[horrible person X]* at 4PM today!"
That's not the issue. The pros are upset because the track is too easy. 29ers are advantaged because the track is just about bombing through as quickly as the bike can go. I can't remember who, but one of the pros was saying they didn't get into downhill so they could practice their aero tuck going down a flow track.
It's supposed to be a protest demonstrating that the course is too easy.
Well that's what they're saying. The course is basically just who can bomb the fastest down a flow trail. They're saying they don't want to have to work on their aero tuck as downhillers, and that the tracks should have genuinely hard parts, even for them (note: not just stupid parts like a mudpit in the middle). Having a short, fast course that isn't challenging isn't fun to race or watch. The tracks are also being designed to have close times, which is kind of dumb. Winning by .3 seconds doesn't feel like much of a victory. EDIT: They're also not crazy about the courses being smoother and faster because faster crashes increases their chance of injury.
Well they call it a protest multiple times. I was going to put it in quotes.
IIRC Comey mentioned the "Oct Surprise" in his testimony and said that Bill Clinton's secret meeting with the AG forced Comey's hand. He felt like he had to send the letter to demonstrate independence from the AG.
I wish YT would make a 27.5 with less travel like a 130/130 for those of us who live in flatter areas.
Ohhh. I was watching the hearing at work so I couldn't give it my full attention. Thanks for clarifying.
Specialized Stumpy 6Fattie. If you get it in carbon it also has that handy-dandy sandwich compartment in the frame :&gt;.
Happens every Saturday night when most Americans aren't on reddit.
Pushing for universal healthcare doesn't somehow kill the ACA in the meantime.
I was ONE SOUP AWAY from getting my free egg &gt;:[!!!
I was under the impression that most 27.5x3.0 tires will have the same outer diameter of a 29er, thus keeping the same geo.
Thought it was going to rain today but instead it's a perfect day for mountain biking in the Don! Here's hoping I don't die from heat stroke or fly into a tree :).
Unless you have a particularly stubborn tire you should try to just use your hands anyway.
Did fixies die? (...again)
Well this seems like a completely regressive tax...
I'd probably go used in that price range. Check pinkbike buy/sell. Otherwise Commencal or Giant will usually be the cheapest option.
I'm surprised that BD sells Ti frames. How have you found the frame?
No where! But I do wish it had 120mm front travel.
You're not giving enough details but either your pressures are too low, or there's something sharp in your tire, or you're using a *really* thin tire.
*Months*. Luckily my job doesn't require a great deal of work.
But he can't plead the 5th if he receives a pardon.
How much does your Hal5 weigh? Anything you don't like about the bike?
Universal healthcare, Wall Street reform, and subsidized education = **extremist**. Might as well be running for President of Al Qaeda.
I've only heard good things about the Fluid 7.2. Bear in mind you'll probably have to buy pedals as well. Chesters or a similar nylon composite pedal tend to be that best bang for your buck with flats. Similar pedals include Deity Compounds and Nukeproof Neutron Evos. You've tested the frame so ultimately it's your call, but you should be squarely in the "large" category if you're 5'11".
It's disputed. Red and yellow flame decals solve the problem altogether.
Protein (in whatever form)+carbs helps with muscle repair/growth, caffeine helps you wake up+burn a bit more calories, creatine gives you slightly more "gas in the tank" for anaerobic activity (sprinting, short hard climbs, etc.), the rest of the supplements mostly do nothing (unless they're "supplements"). For recovery you need rest days (days where you don't exert yourself), sleep, and protein if your muscles need recovery (something like jogging shouldn't require muscular recovery).
It's not released yet. You might want to question if your old bike is worth investing another $500 in.
Yes. The wide rims and extra rubber are heavier. They should definitely be ridden tubeless because the tubes are also quite heavy.
What material is the bike? Pics would also help.
No. Could be heat, dehydration, or head trauma if you fell. None are great.
Saddles are trial and error if you can't sample them in a bike shop somehow. You should also measure your sit bones and choose a seat based on that measurement. There are different ways to measure yer ass, and some bike shops have an easier way to do it, but the budget method I used was sitting on a piece of tinfoil on top of a cushioned bench, and then I measured the distance between the depressions in the tinfoil (the lowest points are your sit bones).
If you're drinking a *lot* make sure you're getting some electrolytes thrown in too.
I'm wearing Freeriders now but will probably go for Freerider Pros for my eventual next pair.
And none of them are downtown methinks, unless you count the kinda-skatepark at Scadding Court. Seriously though, it's a popular physical activity for kids and adults, and it'd be nice to have some infrastructure for enjoying it legally/responsibly.
Consider the wide-ranging demographic that Hearthstone targets. It's a F2P game that's available on a ton of platforms, including mobile. It targets children as well as their parents. It's trying to be wholesome.
I don't believe there was much evidence that Bush was actually dumb, besides a few grammar gaffes. Wasn't he a successful businessman before being POTUS? And I mean *actually* successful, not a conman.
They're crooks (they'll try to scam you) and likely chop-shop thieves. Their bikes are also not in working order, but rather passable at a glance. Sketchiest shop in Toronto.
There's an article from a while ago when Igor's was shutdown stating that Uncle Jacob's was still being monitored by the TPS. It took *years* to bust Igor. The store only sells used bikes, has a super shitty retail space, and the mechanic's area is out of sight. On top of that the staff are actively trying to scam you. My mechanic friend and I have been there on separate occasions and had staff spew total BS about their bikes (like it being carbon fiber when it very obviously was not). There's also [this older reddit thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/torontobiking/comments/1jb2wa/what_are_the_bike_chopshops_in_toronto/) The shitty retail floor should be enough to let you know it's a front for something.
Blizzard's philosophy in general is trying to keep things wholesome. You can see real efforts in HotS and Overwatch to keep toxicity out of the game. I think it's a good thing.
Cars do this shit *all the time*, and a cop likely wouldn't even ticket a driver for doing so.
Didn't see any an hour ago, but there's still time.
The "goaded" angle doesn't make sense. Trump was fully supportive of Comey's October surprise. If Rosenstein wrote a letter saying "Comey shouldn't have done that to Hillary," I find it *highly* doubtful that Trump would give a shit and fire Comey half a year later.
&gt; It appears she's quite the Ted Cruz supporter. She also donated to Tom Cotton &amp; Rick Santorum. These are some of the literal worst people in the US.
Didn't the "replace" come from Drump?
Incorrect? I'm saying cars do rolling stops all the time for right turns on red and stop signs and cops rarely do anything about it. They *can*, but the don't.
Baldwin and Beverly is a common stop-sign trap for cars and during cycling blitzes.
Those two ideas aren't mutually exclusive.
Cuba doesn't throw homosexuals in jail.
Tanks were also part of the multiplayer in WaW.
&gt; No, we shouldn't give the right ammo to call us obstructionists. Trump and the Republicans already call Dems that *all the time*. Trump is blaming Dems for the nominations *he hasn't made yet*.
If the tires aren't triple compound and aren't full-blown downhill tires they'll be fine on tarmac. Just make them quite a bit harder than trail pressure (but note the max PSI rating). I put 20 miles a week on tarmac no problem with a Minion DHF in the front and an Ardent in the back, both dual compound.
ewe dew ewe.
Yeah but you won't have to pay premiums/deductibles for healthcare. America *wastes* more money on healthcare than any other Western country, which almost all have universal healthcare.
His brand isn't worth much in Canada. His shitty tower in Toronto has gone bankrupt because no one wanted to live in a poorly built building named after an orange asshole.
Tokyo is pretty crazy considering the population density and that there are basically no public garbage bins. I recall seeing next-to-no litter, and the public washrooms were super nice and didn't have any graffiti.
I wish Giant paint jobs were better :/. They always remind me of Hot Wheels.
I thought Haribo bears give people massive bouts of diarrhoea. Isn't that a thing?
^ This guy shits.
The socks are a good idea. Never thought of that. All my socks are short tho!
Hmm those are quite cheap. Thanks for the suggestion!
These look like a good alternative to long socks because I wouldn't have to wash them after every ride.
His high approval among Republicans is the only thing preventing him from being impeached.
You can absolutely pay less at a real restaurant around Spadina and Dundas. I do all the time.
They're making it easier for people to vote in a representative democracy! That's cheating!
I wouldn't worry about. An LBS that gets pissy over a YT isn't worth patronizing. Shops don't even make much money off bike sales. Their main source of cash is in their gear and repairs.
And even if you don't buy a DTC bike, it doesn't mean you'd buy from them anyway. For instance a shop near me carries Kona and Giant, and I might not want either of those brands.
I don't know why you'd want a MTB for road when hybrids exist, but anyway I ride a hardtail to work and it's fun/fine.
Global impact? Do you mean perpetual Middle East wars and climate change denier-type impact? Domestically, the US has terrible scores when it comes to healthcare, longevity, happiness, grade-school education, voter turnout, incarceration, etc. AKA "exceptional!"
Doesn't Trump not believe in solar energy? Pretty sure the sun is just a hoax perpetuated by the Chinese.
I don't see why Trump is associated with being "alpha male", even in a toxic bullshit sense. He's old, obese, bald, wears diapers, talks with the hand gestures of a 16 year old girl, and is a *giant* pussy.
This scene should be sickening to everyone, regardless of affiliation.
Are the vid links broken for anyone else?
blasé
Deity Compounds as well (exact same pedal as Evos).
The latter. It's typically not worth sinking money into an old bike, other than the cheap stuff (handlebar+stem, and tires are the main ones).
Well I know the general talking-points for each material, I was just wondering if the difference can actually be felt between alu and steel with the Honzo (besides weight) and if it's worth the money.
Canadian here: it's actually extremely hard to immigrate here. Sorry, eh!
If it makes you feel any better I'm Canadian and I stress over US politics every day.
Can you ride moose bareback? It's part of the exam for citizenship.
The first season was really, *really* good. I haven't gotten around to S2 but I really should. Thanks for the reminder!
&gt; I don't approve of the starve the beast method, but some streamlining of the tax code would be beneficial. &gt; I do think taxes need to be readjusted so as to levy additional taxes on the upper class. Any accumulation of power (e.g. money) towards a small group is unacceptable as it tends towards abuse. Nothing that you just said reflects the Republican party. Just because they love money (i.e. greed) doesn't mean they're actually good at managing it.
Nah, we're just going to [build a wall](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03393/The_Wall_3393315b.jpg).
Congrats! That's an impressive amount of fat loss. If you're looking for a fun athletic activity, I recommend mountain biking :&gt;.
Winter is coming.
Basically the entire IC agrees that Russians hacked US targets and led a campaign to sway the election. [Many of the intel heads have said this on the record](http://www.timesofisrael.com/trumps-intel-bosses-reiterate-russia-meddled-in-election/). The doc leaked by Reality Winner is also an official, top-secret, NSA document (she was also arrested for the leak).
Hah, I didn't actually know that. Republicans are so pathetic.
&gt; Do you even use one on rides? Don't use one myself. Usually go out for around 3 hours. 1 bottle cage (thinking of using a second), 1 small saddlebag (for CO2 and multitool), tube taped to frame, food/phone in pockets. If you're on the fence about whether you need a pack or not, you should consider the ever-cool fanny-pack. They can fit quite a bit and keep your back much cooler. Some also have hydration packs.
Are you eating during your ride? You should have some carbs to snack on every once in a while (most say every hour while riding). I usually bring a couple granola bars.
Well at least now I don't feel so incompetent dealing with these damn things.
I'm used to fasted powerlifting myself, but still find it helpful to eat while riding. After an hour or so of pushing hard a small snack really helps me keep going. I'm also not looking to tap into my muscles' glycogen stores. To each their own, but not eating could be a reason for the OP crashing at the 5 mile mark.
&gt; and most importantly, control. I think this is a good point. I definitely get sloppier when I'm gassed, and considering the inherent dangers of mountain biking, it's best not to be sloppy.
Wouldn't collusion pretty clearly be criminal though, considering what Russia is known to have done? It would be conspiracy to commit [all the hacking that Russia did], conspiracy to commit espionage, etc.
I love it when you talk dirty.
Never break eye contact and always keep smiling.
If you get yellow pedals you can be Batman.
I use these myself. Haven't hurt my knees since wearing them (I used to bash them all the time before the pads). I wear them every day and they don't bug me. Just be sure to read reviews+sizing chart regarding fit; some people seem to have problems with getting the right size.
As many have stated, WD40 isn't lube. However, it *is* good for cleaning your frame, especially for getting rid of hard to remove scuffs. Keep it away from your drivetrain, and you can't let *any* get on your braking surfaces. That means rotors, pads, rim (if you have rim brakes), and calipers just to be safe. It can completely ruin your brakes. You don't need to lube your chain after every ride. If the chain didn't get muddy I'd just wipe the dust off with a dry rag and leave it (try not to get it wet). For lube I've been having success with Pro Gold Prolink. It's thin so it doesn't collect much dirt but it also resists water fairly well.
I wouldn't use a light lube for wet weather (I use pro link for spring-fall). For wet I use Finish Line Wet (the green one). It's thick and goopy (picks up dirt) but it also resists water very well.
I guess "life begins at birth" could be an answer. Or you could just flip it: "Why are Republicans so concerned about unborn fetuses when they let uninsured adults and children die slow, painful deaths?"
I'd also just like to point out that the wait times in Canada vary for a specialist, but if you *need* to see a doctor, you **will** see a doctor. If your condition is non-urgent, it might take 2-8 weeks. If your condition requires urgent attention, you'll see a doctor much faster. As for seeing my GP, I can usually get an appointment the same day or the next day.
If a certain MTB podcast is to be believed, dish detergent isn't great for the plastic/rubber components on the bike. On the other hand, car wash soap is cheap and effective, and has loads of R&amp;D put into it. I can get it from the dollar store in a big jug.
Yes, perfectly legal. You could also wait behind a car, if you so wished, but I don't know why you would. EDIT: It's the same regardless of bike-lane situation. You can always filter "in the gutter". The only thing to look out for is when sharrows direct you to the left of a dedicated right-turn lane. That happens on Spadina and Adelaide (I think) as well as Broadview and Danforth.
I believe so? Wouldn't know. But the point is that in Canada it's also subsidized, which ends up costing the country a whole lot less.
So what you're saying is it's not just me?
I wish Transition bikes were cheaper in Canada. The Throttle looks really cool but it's mucho expensivo.
Bear in mind that Motobecane is fully rigid. Motobecane also gets hated on, but they seem to have some decent bikes at a very good price (as well as total crap bikes).
I believe it's Snoopy and Prickly Pete. What a good episode.
Height doesn't dictate wheel size, and for your weight things to pay attention to are suspension, rims, and PSI. Your budget is too low for full suspension (like way too low). If you're comfortable with rigid it'd be the best value option. A coil fork wouldn't necessarily be terrible, but you'd have to change the spring to suit your weight. 1x is popular these days, and typically a bit more pricey. You'll likely be fine on 1x *or* 2x. If you want 2x that should save you some shekels.
It depends. If the bike lane is solid, bikes have right of way. If the bike lane is dashed ( - - - ), cars are meant to pull into the bike lane to turn and bikes can pass of the left or wait. Having said that, I wouldn't bet my life on road rules. Don't assume cars mid-turn will give you right of way.
I thought I read somewhere that their Canada launch might actually be later than their US launch :/. What I really want is for YT to make a 130/130 bike.
The chain will chip the paint. It's called "chain slap". Do what the other guy said and wrap an old tube around the stay, or use handlebar tape, or buy a premade chainstay protector, or whatever else you can think of. On one of my bikes I'm using a tube, and on another I have a layer of gorilla tape with some electrical tape on top (the electrical tape is mostly for looks).
Thanks!
Shouldn't all burgers be well done if they use ground beef? They can have harmful bacteria throughout the entire patty, unlike a steak.
Now I don't know what to believe! Medium would definitely be a better temperature.
How do you eat your Snickers bar? With *your hands*?
Batman approves.
Table Tops, Holy Rollers, And K-Rads are good for pavement and dirt jumps. Holy Rollers and K-Rads can also take a serious beating. For something that's still pretty fast on pavement and better on dirt, I'd go for XC tires like a Maxxis Crossmark or Ikon, but XC tires aren't going to be as tough if you're hucking to flat on pavement.
Typically someone who can do long manuals or wheelies is used to wiping out all the time. That's how they get good at it. Having said that, they weren't going 60. That's higher than most road cyclists top speed while pedaling.
I mean, you're allowed to ride a unicycle in the street and it's likely more dangerous than a mountain bike on one wheel (the rider can always drop back down to two wheels). If someone wants to do either that's fine with me. I agree with u/64Olds that the real problem is violating numerous traffic laws while cycling.
They should make these remasters for PC so I can play them :/.
