No surprise. Just look at the people that work there. Bunch of dimwits that behave like the Malibu police chief.
Just bomb some ISIS shithole instead.
In cases like this I envy the islamic nutjobs for being able to flogg their criminals.
Better safe than sorry.
Where did I say that this should only apply to muslims? I think you need to adjust your trigger threshold, son.
Said on national TV: "I don't want my wife to know about my headaches."
Anyone notices how the newspaper writes this story as if a false rape accusation was just a peccadillo? The story pretty much focuses only on her, while ignoring her victims and the potential life-destroying consequences of her allegations. She doesn't get criticized for her behaviour at all, instead they print the ridiculous shit her lawyer said. "It's an extraordinary case of a young woman of good character who found herself committing an extraordinarily serious offence, it's inexplicable in many ways." "It was an outburst of anger, **albeit she had a great deal to be angry about,** it's an outburst." Sure, having to wait for your ride home totally legitimates fals rape allegations. It was basically self-defense. Bonus: it was totally neccessary for the story to have 5 glamour shots of her.
How you can still hold a WC in a country like russia that brings war to his neighbours and even annexes them is beyond me.
Well, maybe the need to stop being apolitical...
[Funtime!](http://i.imgur.com/4L0LGyB.jpg)
[Hi Baby, wanna hook up?](http://i.imgur.com/ZO6lJyu.jpg)
&gt; even less justified Are you kidding me? The russian invasio has ZERO justification. None! In the Budapest Memorandum in 1994 the russians even guaranteed the teritorial integrity of Ukraine.
I pretty much always have 2 Torpor Orbs in my sideboard. Good against Splinter Twin, Amulet Bloom (Primeval Titan), Soul Sisters &amp; RW Norin shenenigans, CoCo combos and renders a lot of cards useless or much weaker like Snapcaster, Vendillion Clique, Siege Rhino, Restoration Angel, Kitchen Finks, Iona, Eternal Witness, Treasure Mage, Solemn Simulacrum, etc.
Another great example of "do as I say, not as I do".
In the end, evil always turns on itself.
Btw, Hushwing Gryff pretty good in standard too. Shuts down Siege Rhino, Wingmate Roc, Dragonlord Silumgar, Icefall Regent, Hornet Queen and a ton more.
Are you kidding? Rhino comes with a free Lightning Helix. The 6 point lifeswing is huge. The lifegain is relevant as fuck as you run a ton of fetchlands, shocklands and Thoughtseize. And for the damage part... I don't even remeber how often I won games with the 3 damage from Rhino.
You're right. I completely forgot that the US annexed Iraq.
Well, I guess I had my BGx hat on. :D Still, Torpor Orbs flexibility makes it a good SB card.
As an investigative journalist I have to say, that the pizzas looks fake. This renders this "art" moot.
I don't buy it. Look at the pic with the basketball rim. Pepperonis and cheese stay too much in place. Looks like a rubber pizza.
Who needs a watch these days? Don't people have smartphones?
**PLT:** Always wear a dark suit, dark shoes, white shirt, dark tie. Why? Nobody will shoot you because of gang colors, people might even avoid you because they think you're an FBI agent and best and most important: you look like a million bucks. Bonus: Shopping is simple.
Is it possible that their "cultcha" of gloryfing the "thug life" has something to do with it?
[I populated it](http://i.imgur.com/bfA1X2Z.jpg)
Tall, you mean tall.
Fallon and Breanna look like they are the same person. Twins?
We need to start to put some serious sanctions on Russia. 1. Take away WC2018 2. Kick them out of SWIFT 3. Seize the assets of russian Oligarchs that live in the west
History has taught us one thing: appeasement is bullshit. For 3. point: just make them prove that they got the assets legally
In a lot of countries you have to be able to explain to the tax authorities where your money comes from. Guess how they get mafia bosses, smartass.
**I have stopped giving money to charities.** Like pretty much else it has become a money grabbing scheme. [Just look back 2 weeks](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/20/business/4-cancer-charities-accused-in-ftc-fraud-case.html?_r=0). If they aren't outrights scams you can bet that you're still just financing underperforming overpaid people in those organizations. Wanna do something good? Ask a homeless guy if he needs something or your local church or animal shelter or whatever. Just don't burn your money in the charity industry.
Imho there's no reason to run something like Ætherspouts anymore. Just run a 3rd Crux of Fate.
Very good point and a nice topic for a media analysis.
The problem is the double standard: 14 yo boy has consensual sex with a female adult: His sexual activity is seen positive. "He should be happy", "[Nice!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYt0WbDjJ4E)", "Now he's a man" and as someone has mentioned, it's described as "they had sex" and not "she abused him". The boy is not seen as a vulnerable child or a victim. The woman is not seen as a pedophile or sexual predator. 14 yo girl has consensual sex with male adult: Her sexual activity is seen negative. "He took advantage of her", "She lost her innocence", "He manipulated her" and it's usually described as "sexual abuse" and not "the had sex". The girl is seen as as avulnerable child and a victim. The man is seen as a pedophile or sexual predator. It's not always like this but I think we can agree that this is the common narrative.
I agree, if you have Ashiok in play and if your opponent is attacking and if you like the creature and if your opponent doesn't scry the creatures to the bottom cause he knows what your up to then Ætherspouts is pretty good. But for me personally that's a couple too many ifs. I also think that the people who overextend into an Ætherspouts also overextend into a Crux of Fate.
&gt; but my complaint is that how people are so against that, that the very idea of any boy having sex with an older person, and enjoying it, is absurd. Dude, are you with NAMBLA?
Nice try, Google, tricking us into helping you for free.
*Mind Blown*
I don't know who is dumber here, the idiot who gave away the HQ or the idiot who revealed how they got this info.
You know what I really would like to see from her? The results of an independent psychological evaluation of her. Now THAT would be interesting.
This is so fucked up. Dude should rot in prison.
But Beethoven loved and admired Bach.
I know. I liked the joke too, my comment was purely educational.
This is not a 5:45 breakfast. This is a 10:45 breakfast.
And by jail they mean 5 hours community service.
Who needs a watch these days? Don't people have smart phones?
Islam isn't all it's cracked up to be. BTW: The word "craic" or "crack" is said to have derived from the Middle English word crak, which means "loud conversation, bragging talk." In some parts of the world, the term crack is used to mean "news" or "gossip," which led to the expression "What's the crack?" That is similar to asking: "What's the news?" When understanding the word in this context, I could possibly see the phrase originating from something as described below: When it comes to news or gossip, it's not unheard of for a person to speak boastfully about someone or something. For example, a friend may speak highly of a particular restaurant, saying the food there tastes incredible. Due to your friend's positive review, you decide to check the place out for yourself, only to be extremely disappointed. Hence, you might say the restaurant they boasted so much about, or their crack, failed to meet expectations. The place wasn't all it was bragged (or cracked) up to be. Davy Crockett, a politician, used the phrase in the year 1835 when he commented on someone running for president: "Martin Van Buren is not the man he is cracked up to be."
No, from http://www.knowyourphrase.com/phrase-meanings/Its-Not-All-Its-Cracked-Up-To-Be.html. First I wrote just my comment but then wondered about the phrase "cracked up to be" and it's etymological origin. So I asked google and came up with the aforementioned article. I thought it was interesting and decided to copy/paste it in the hope that it will delight other redditors in the same way it delighted me.
Anyone else here who can't drink from those cups with the lid on? For some reason I'm totally disgusted by the plastic lid and the small opening. I hate the feeling on my mouth and the taste of the plastic and always have to take the lid off. Just watching other people drinking from those things gives me the shivers.
Should I comment on this topic or will it vanish soon?
Not shown: dog breaking 2 legs
[Bad news horse](http://i.imgur.com/zIjhaqt.jpg) Alternate title: the president whisperer
[MY EGG!](http://i.imgur.com/U0JuiCH.jpg)
[Angry mistress](http://i.imgur.com/ow3KvAc.jpg) Maybe NSWF?
[Open wide...](http://i.imgur.com/QmNJHsc.jpg)
[Superman 1 - Bad guy 0](http://i.imgur.com/CSKMKmJ.jpg)
[Judgement of Paris](http://i.imgur.com/xzbiRl6.jpg)
I used the oil paint filter in photoshop. Just played around with the settings.
How can people not get annoyed by this?
He looks like a new man!
[Close, but no cigar.](http://i.imgur.com/NLxE8FP.jpg)
Some clear win conditions would be nice.
Just bulking up, dude.
This site works with google chrome only. What year do we have 1999?
Only if we tell them to.
I don't know what issues people have with MTGO. Except for a couple of times where the game froze and I had to restart I never had any issues with the client. You can't pack a complicated game like Magic into a Hearthstone interface. I love MTGO. Cards are much cheaper, you can get them at an instant, you can play whenever you want, draft as much as you want and it's competitive as fuck. What's not to like?
Get rid of the Mardu Charms, they are terrible. Play two Valorous Stance instead.
[In Gusteau's kitchen](http://i.imgur.com/leeepcN.jpg)
The remains of a chess set used by mountain giants.
Her smile was only outdone by the perkiness of her boobies.
In thai cinemas they play the national anthemn before the movie and everybody has to stand up. We went to a movie one day and there was this english guy who didn't want to stand up. Some thai guys told him in thai and with gestures that he has to raise. But he was like "fuck it, not gonna do that". One of the guys beat him up in front of the whole cinema. Prett sure he was a thai boxer or something as the englishman had zero chance. Because of the ruckus some employees rushed in to check what was going on. The thai guys explained it to them and the english guy was escorted out. Btw, in Thailand you can get 10-25 years for disparaging the king. So be careful what you say.
Thailand is basically on the brink of a civil war. The king is one the few things both sides love and respect. Thais are very proud of their country and their king. Just because people like you have lost all respect for religion, culture or institution doesn't mean you have the right to call them savages.
Step 4. Repost every couple of days
I think she's already plotting your demise.
[Yuck -NSFW-](http://i.imgur.com/3QbYyXB.jpg)
[Please sweetie just call him dad or he'll blow the whole thing up!](http://i.imgur.com/6NIhjst.jpg)
Some decent, colorless graveyard hate to counter Den Protector, Deathmist Raptor etc. Also a reprint of Rikshadan Port would be nice :D
"Greatness, at any cost."
[What an unforgettable performance](http://i.imgur.com/qY6WNQW.jpg)
I know someone who did this but with chess. Problem is you have people sitting there for hours and not drinking / eating much. Some people just come to play games and buy only a small coke or something for the whole evening.
Tough crowd, lol.
[I have been expecting you](http://i.imgur.com/DDRLQP5.jpg)
Some time ago I visited the MoMA in NYC and so many pictures were just talentless crap. Your art deserves it 1000 times more to be displayed there.
Well, tastes are different but I'd take Fade into Antiquity over any Rothko.
This just shows how fucked up everything is when you have to thank someone for calling a spade a spade.
I guess he means that they'll get blurry and lose a lot of details.
Sure, go ahead.
[Iiiiieeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwarghghghghghgh](http://i.imgur.com/h4nGh7u.jpg) [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEStsLJZhzo)
Same username. http://cptfizz.imgur.com/
Liked the dog. Woof!
[Grampa in good shape!](http://i.imgur.com/lpCiVaV.jpg)
[Much better and more successful](http://i.imgur.com/yy1gJrZ.jpg)
Again? Didn't she get a doctorate like 10 days ago?
[Now who's a good girl?](http://i.imgur.com/PNwiA4L.jpg) [Soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoQlfa1q97o)
So far nothing has impressed me :(
What is this thing?
Again? Didn't she get a doctorate like 10 days ago?
30 years ago was Poland ruled by communists or by Poles?
[I'll wipe that smirk off your face...](http://i.imgur.com/nmczt4A.jpg)
If every team uses this tactic games will be funny. You take the ball, no you take it, you take it I insist... :D
I'm not impressed. I saw a similar shot posted last week and the week before and the week before that. So not a big deal.
[Totally worth it](http://i.imgur.com/epLM4IC.jpg)
http://www.reddit.com/search?q=booker+shot&amp;restrict_sr=&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all
Wow, somebody doesn't get irony. But looking at how you spit out profanities I can't say that I'm suprised :D
[Just playing with the guys](http://i.imgur.com/NC28xNw.jpg)
Struggled with this too. But I found the perfect solution: 3 table spoons is perfect for 1 person.
&gt; Joe Hockey, Finance Minister for Australia This guy would be a superstar in Canada
[Just walking the dog, minding my own business when...](http://i.imgur.com/IcMcFTQ.jpg)
[The bums will always lose](http://i.imgur.com/7eBI9Qb.jpg)
Just check the results of major tournaments. It pretty much never happens that a deck wins back to back.
[Alternate universe](http://i.imgur.com/x6bKQ7Q.jpg)
[Trust the sheep](http://i.imgur.com/XIqh6qq.png?1)
Hope it's his third strike and he gets life.
[Gatlin vs. Banner](http://i.imgur.com/dqbTYii.jpg)
Creepy :D
You found the easter egg!
There is no bad publicity. Everything that makes MGTOW known to people is good, even if the article is negative.
[Hangin' with the fellas](http://i.imgur.com/uvxk6Bx.jpg) and later [catch a fight](http://i.imgur.com/GcD8WLF.jpg)
[You'll never be this happy](http://i.imgur.com/jxqQAXc.jpg)
I guess this is the pro league version of /r/photoshopbattles
Why would segregation be that bad? Wouldn't it mean no racial tension for both groups?
"I can't go when somebody is watching."
You want guys to suck your dick? Well, if that's your thing who am I to judge?
[I asked myself the same question](http://i.imgur.com/GM1rsjQ.jpg)
Below our 35km thick earth crust there are 6336km of this flaming inferno. Really makes you think...
[Mashup](http://i.imgur.com/SlTm3oS.jpg)
&gt;In response to multiple complaints we received under the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we have removed 5 results from this page. If you wish, you may read the DMCA complaints that ... I'd say it's already working pretty well, so no excuse there, Google.
[The Horror](http://i.imgur.com/5x9jqLb.jpg)
Boy, somebody made a serious campfire.
[The unapproachable star designer](http://i.imgur.com/zAfXFdt.jpg)
[Dragon](http://i.imgur.com/pwDBx3l.jpg)
Another very good way to get the numbers you want is simulation. http://www.mtgpulse.com/decksimulation is pretty good and you can write even complex simulations.
Completed daily tournaments or 8 mans show in the games list as *complete* for about 30 minutes. In that time you can look at replays of every game. Much better than watching streams imho.
It didn't fit the narrative of men are evil and women are always the victim.
I really hope that Nungesser wins the lawsuit against Columbia University and that they have to pay him millions of dollars in damages. If the universities don't start to handle things like this case properly and unbiased then regular courts will. As the maltreatment of males seems to be systemic this should also open up the possibilities of huge punitive damages.
[Officially approved version](http://i.imgur.com/D3AUuWR.jpg)
Good call, pretty sure there are sharp teeth inside.
Best guy in the universe
Reddit silver to whomever can reverse her!
This is an amazing analysis.
Ah, the dreaded *cup-save*. Every hockey goalie can relate.
You don't see their hands or their decks. But you still learn a lot about the meta and what decks are successful.
[After the Reichstag fire in 1933](http://i.imgur.com/pCzJHfu.jpg)
[JESUS WOMAN, YOU SCARED ME SHITLESS!](http://i.imgur.com/zeUe3X0.jpg)
I wonder how it would do with a new level. How many levels would it need to train to solve an unkown level without dying?
Imho you need to run Outpost Sieges main. Den protector, Deathmist Raptor and Courser will create so much card advantage that you will fall behind an lose. At least that's my expierence for playing a ton of those decks online.
I'd cut 2 seekers or 1 seeker 1 grand master
They are playing 1v1 guts.
Way to go, little buddy!
I'd rather play Dismemeber and pay 4 life than ramp my opponent.
I don't really see how this is better than a Mardu dragons deck.
70% of EUs navies should be patrolling the lybian coast and intercept every boat filled with those people. There is no place in Europe for them. 80% are illiterate and there are simply no jobs in the EU for unqualified people. The EU is basically importing crime and poverty.
That's fucking impressive. My biggest break is 9. :(
&gt;More and more Down's Syndrome babies are being born. This is actually not true anymore. The data is old (from 2003) and there has been a lot of progress in terms of prenatal testing for down syndrome. [The rates are down by 30%](https://www.lozierinstitute.org/new-study-abortion-after-prenatal-diagnosis-of-down-syndrome-reduces-down-syndrome-community-by-thirty-percent/) and are expected to drop even more as it's now common practice to terminate defective fetuses.
Mayor Adam West has [a good advice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJksW3xx56k) for her.
They all look cool but it's pretty sad what people do to those goldfish.
Can he just say I gain a million life? Or can you force him to actually go through the motions?
A tier 1 deck has game against the majority of decks. Being super strong against one archetype doesn't make a deck tier 1. For example mono green is good against creature based decks. You could beat Reid Duke and his GBx deck in the final of a GP with your mono green aggro deck. But this will probably not happen as you lose in round 1 against Trollface McNeckbeard and his 8rack and in round 2 against some random Japanese brewmaster and his living end deck.
Fun fact: to be successful as a farmer nowadays you pretty much need a degree in agriculture. Also those people don't wanna live in the middle of nowhere. They wanna live in to the big cities with the nice cars, pretty girls and easy life.
Send them back to where they came from and then destroy the boat.
Reddit: Serious topic, top comment: "Gay, eheheh!"
Is this 11th of October or 10th of Novemeber 2015??? Please use ISO date format in the future: YYYY-MM-DD
Who dares to downvote the International Organization for Standardization? Reveal yourself, coward!
Surprised non of the Jund players had Grafdiggers in the SB. Online you see nothing but CoCo which even made me play one Grafdiggers MB.
I feel sorry for this guys family. Pretty sure they'll have to atone for his actions.
Didn't the french police a couple of weeks ago prevent terror attacks on chruches? Looks like somebody was successful...
But it's fun to speculate!
Laughing at names: [ ] Excellent humor [X] /r/im14andthisisfunny
Not to forget it stops Snapcaster and Lingering Souls too!
Someone call child protective services.
MTGO shuffler is fucked up. I have stopped counting how many times I scry something to the bottom just to get the same card next draw.
This is a very specific tool but when you need it it's really neat. Not only is it free but you can also save your files on the server. Have been using the site for over 2 years now and hope you find it as useful as I.
Nowadays "don't like" equals "hate". And this doesn't happen by accident, there is method behind it. It allows people like SJWs, feminists etc. to attack you by putting you into a group. Example: words like "I don't like feminism" are interpreted as "You hate women." And then the conclusion: people who hate women are misogynists. You are a misogynist! This is a simple and efficient shaming tactic. Take the opinion of your opponent and exaggerate it until he looks like a extremist. Be aware of such attacks.
Prophet of Kruphix
Disagree. The power level is through the roof. The problem is the mana cost. If it were a 3 drop it would be probably one of the best cards ever.
I wonder if there is an autistic genius somewhere who could actually watch and process this.
Racist and sexist at the same time.
Why not? Watching a cartoon about a guy who thinks he's the spokesperson of an invisible sky wizard sounds hilarious.
I choose you, Chili Dog!
Upvote for dedication!
Now explain why the Leafs are so bad.
To be fair, with enough photoshop everything can look like middle earth.
This should be in r/reasonable
He must have raped her because everybody knows women can't lie.
The money isn't really wasted as you can sell your cards for about 80% of the value. MTGO is actually a cheap hobby. Invest $600-$800 in a deck and play as much as you want with it. In comparison, for the same ammount of money you can go on a 3 day skiing trip.
She was traumatized and in shock. That she needed 21 month to recuperate just shows us what terrible experience she went through. But she finally gathered her courage and stepped forward. What a brave girl!
Talking about modern
Methinks the girl on the left will be an allstar for years to come. Her cutout goes straight to my library!
[HUMANITY STRIKES BACK!](http://i.imgur.com/LUG6sVD.jpg?1)
[Trophy cat](http://i.imgur.com/loxiE16.jpg)
[Seal shooting a hip hop video](http://i.imgur.com/f11MJoS.jpg)
It's a repost but the story is so nice that I'll allow it.
http://www.mtggoldfish.com/metagame/vintage#paper Can we agree upon that $600-$800 is cheap? ;)
Couple of weeks ago there was a Grand Prix in Las Vegas in the vintage format. So yeah, they travel.
If someone is like 13 and has no job, $600 is a lot of course. But if you have a good job, spending that kind of money shouldn't be a problem.
&gt; and have exactly as much fun. Only if you consider 'showing up' as having fun. But if you like competition and play to win your $30 pile of cards will get you nowhere.
I agree. He probably was like "The Kessel deal... what was Burke thinking?" *walks away shaking his head*
I prefer Illness. It's faster, doesn't hurt when grabbed by Bob and - well - doesn't kill my Bob.
Thanks. Glad you liked it.
My first thought. Don't know what goes on in some peoples heads. Couple of years ago someone sneaked into our neighbours garden and broke the necks of their three pet bunnies. Still remember the screaming and crying of their daughters.
We never found out. The family is well liked and we have a good neighbourhood where everybody knows each other and gets along well.
Not that old. Most houses were built in the 60s/70s.
I hope you have a really big garden where they can run free all day.
[Timeless piece of art](http://i.imgur.com/4IqIkFI.jpg)
Lol, good luck banking on NoSB to beat Infect or Affinity.
I don't get it.
At least he was around...
Just looking at the hands I know she's asian. Great APM is just in their genetics.
If I could chose one TV dad to be my dad it'd be Don Draper. Successfull, no-nonsense, alpha. Glad my dad is alot like him :)
I know. But why is she shooting him? And why is it supposed to be funny?
I do 20 mins of transcendental meditation twice a day and it reenergizes me. Took me some months to learn and benefit from it. Also try not to go to bed too late.
It's not obvious to me. Please explain it.
Ahhhh, ok. Beware of the many faced god. I get it now. Thanks.
I find it shocking that people listen to - and even pay for - her crap.
I the perfect title for the show "Husbands of Houswifes of Miami"
How was this picked over True Detective?
Well, unlike Pestermite or Exarch this one doesn't get neutralized by Illness in the Ranks.
It's the traditional way to serve a Mint Julep.
The only winners of TTIP: lawyers.
The whole world plays on the same servers.
LET'S GO BLUE JAYS!
No, those idiots/criminals need to be exposed. Everybody needs to know how messed up PETA is so the next time someone asks them for a donation for PETA they can say with a big smile: "Go fuck yourself!"
To teach his owners some manners I'd shoot the dog and then write "You fuck off" with his guts.
So how do they get here?
Yes close your eyes and pretend it's not a problem. Denial is what got us here.
If I had to listen to such music I'd burst into flames too :D
In Germany before Hitler seized power, the SA (Hitlers henchmen) would often disturb meetings of political parties or other assemblies. So if feminists use the same methods of the facists what does that tell us?
Jesus, she's borderline retarded. And I don't mean that as a joke. Look at her, she has pretty much all symptoms of FASD (fetal alcohol spectrum disorder) http://www.aafp.org/afp/2005/0715/p279.html
Why do people hate him so much?
In a Tron heavy meta you can play FM mainboard.
This. TFA is basically a mashup of ANH and ROTJ. Get droid to place X. Oh no, good guys get captured by evil empire. Jippi they escape. Bar scene with aliens. Oh no, big death start thingy killing planets. 2nd in command of evil empire is 20 year old dude, sure. Small band of good guys needs to disable deflector shield. X-Wing dudes fly into the thing and blow it up just like in ROTJ... and so on. George Lucas is right to criticize this movie. Worst written piece of crap I watched in a long time. And don't get me started on the acting. Take away Harrison Ford and you're left with a bunch of bland and boring actors.
I've seen TFA and I'm already sick of it.
Please explain the creative part. We have a new Luke Skywalker, a new Darth Vader, a new emperor, a new death start was destroyed, it's still band of rebels against big bad evil empire. TFA is a mashup between ANH and ROTJ. They could have gone for something really new but no no no no no, same old, same old.
"There's not even a tree here that I can pee on."
I'm tired of them.
Ever heard of something called "opinion"?
Bad guy turned into good guy is an archetype that we have seen in hundreds of other movies. And apart from that, is there anything that makes this character stand out. Anything that makes him recognizable? Not really, unless you count sweating and panting. Does he say anything meaningful or have any quirks? Nope. Let's be honest, he just got some attention because he's black. Other than that, he's just bland as fuck.
&gt;they seem to be speaking in a manner that indicates their opinion is the same as everyone else's. Son, you need to learn what first person singular (I am) means.
If those are the things that make a character interesting to you, then god bless your heart. I need a tad more.
Well, there is always next season...
Well, I watched them dismantle the Cardinals. Vikings are definetly in for a treat.
MM put a great offense on the field for 10 years. One year we struggle because OL line is injured and talent level on the perimeter is zero. And you want to fire him and get a guy that runs a gimmick offense and is literally hated by the players. Fuck off, you stupid fuck.
TIL: 23:17 is a dismantling now.
Then again look at a guy like Brandon Marshall who has been pretty good everywhere he went.
Don't think Seattle will be in cruise mode like the Panthers were in that game.
Well, it seems that all those years playing with Charles Woodson rubbed off on him.
This [spicy peach coleslaw](http://foodwishes.blogspot.de/2013/07/spicy-peach-coleslaw-apple-is-excellent.html) recipe is my absolute favorite.
This is the first useful real world application of a 3D printer I have seen.
[It has come to this!](http://i.imgur.com/o8RGgiA.png)
Or just don't collect autographs in the first place.
Megatron to the Packers confirmed!
And now he's a drooling idiot...
Possible, but highly unlikely.
If we get Sam back, it's definetly a championship caliber defense.
Has anyone the recipe of the Traders Stinker?
This is bad news not only for sunday. If he still isn't cleared after so many weeks it could be career ending. Think Eric Lindros, Marc Savard et al.
I love playoff football!
People are just tired of seeing Adams stink up the place and waste opportunity after opportunity. Are Janis or Abracadrba better? We don't now, we don't see them on the field but it's hard to imagine that they are much worse than Adams. Also, if you don't play them why have them on the roster in the first place?
Wow, this is a Cutler-esque stink up
Lol, you guys choked BEFORE the playoffs. That's worse.
Or: "I'm not gonna get hurt for this."
Imagine playing in a division with 3 Detroit Lions.
So only defense players are allowed to be nasty?
He was just finishing his check.
At least we have OK commentators. Imagine Dan Dierdorf and that Gumble guy calling it...
Yuck
Weeden time!
Reminds me of Davante Adams....
He's getting close... http://www.pro-football-reference.com/leaders/pass_int_single_game_playoffs.htm
Tell me about it... I got close to shooting my dog.
To be fair, he's not the first QB to stink up a playoff game.
to bun·gle (bŭng′gəl) To carry out badly or ruin through ineptitude; botch.
Now come on, everyone can stink up a playoff game. Favre threw 6 INTs in one and he's in the HOF.
I expect him to perform seppuku tonight.
Nasty!
Gamesmanship!
Yes, he should. Same reason why it was OK for Detroit Lions to fire Schwartz. He breathed some life into a dead team and made the Lions competitive again. But he wasn't getting them anywhere beyond that. Lewis made the Bengals into a team that can compete for a playoff spot every year but he has now proven that he can't take them any further. If the Bengals are smart they get a guy like Tom Coughlin to take them to the next level.
Nah it wasn't. GB lost to football plays, Bungles just shot themselves in the foot. Twice. Seattle can be proud of the plays they made, Steelers can just shrug and say whateva.
It was b-e-a-utiful. Also emberassing how the other dude tried to do some play-by-play calling.
Step 1: Kill all QBs on current roster Step 2: Use all draft picks on QBs Repeat until franchise quarterback is found
This calls for immediate emmergency seppuku.
Stupid question, but do you need plane keys - like your car keys - to get into and start the plane?
[Smiling dog &amp; girl](http://cdn.theglow.com.au/app/uploads/2015/02/little-girl-dog.gif)
Freckles, being super pale and large labia.
Muhahahahahahaha
???
Vikings 0 Super Bowl wins confirmed.
TIL: You CAN flim flam the zim zam.
*Seattle Seahawks gained +10 sympathy with faction Green Bay Packers*
Ah ok. Sry, never heard it.
&gt;This is the most excited I've ever been for a game of football. I feel like that before every Packers playoff game! Go Pack!
Believe me, real Packer fans hate the Vikings more than anything else. Vikings can eat shit now and for ever.
Man, that goal line stand was boss.
I nearly forgot how it feels when our offense is fireing on all cylinders
Masthay really picked it up in the second half of the season
Masthay really picked it up in the second half of the season
Haha, very good :D
Packers dominate, Vikings eat shit! What a day!
Good game by both teams. No controversy, no cheap shots, no bullshit. Good hard playoff football.
The title of his autobiography will be "Struggle - The goal line and I"
He's salty in advance, knowing well that KC will shit on his Patriots.
Get my car, boy.
*Favre mode activated*
And by most of the game you mean the first quarter.
Good, another demon we can exorcise.
Who won???
People think doing that is cute and sweet but don't understand how much stress this puts on the animal.
Funny how everbody hates on Walsh and nobody is talking about Adrian Fumblesons fumble.
He won't land a starting job anywhere. Too many injuries, too many uncertainties. Teams will bring him in as a plan B not A.
No!
First they release RG III, then Cousins signs with the Texans. Matt Flynn to the Redskins confirmed!
Sexual abuse by peace keepers, Saudi Arabia being the head of human rights council, every real resolution is either vetoed by China / Russia or the West, scandals with the funding etc... I think it's about time to dissolve this shitty and corrupt organization. It's usefulness has run its course.
You need a way to tap your opponents land. Otherwise your opponent just doesn't tap the land. I tried it in some BGx decks.
Boggles and Tron.
Like 2011 when everybody was "We're 15-1 and beat the Giants in the regualr season. What could go wrong?"
And you don't have to fear that they trade this guy away in the near future.
-- DeSean Jackson
This. Che Guevarra was responsible for the execution of hundreds of people. Everyone who wasn't in line with him got a bullet into the back of the head.
"Arab honor" --&gt; /r/oxymoron
Please Mr. Rodgers, buy the Leafs and make them great again.
We will win! Palmer has been TOO good this season. Time to stink it up Cutler-style with a four interception game. "Same old Carson."
Nothing has betrayed me more in MTG than the one lander on the draw.
#no. 1 survival rule in western cities: avoid the groid
Connor Barth: We're going George Blanda!
If he's such a genius then why isn't he on reddit posting this stuff himself and getting all the internet points?
Test, test, test. Check, check, check. One, two, three. Check, check. Sounds OK. Maybe push bass a little.
I can't blame you people for reacting that way. When GB signed Mike McCarthy 10 years ago I was full of sorrow too.
Very good. Soon the right will be strong in all european parliaments.
This is how Rapunzel is clogging up her shower.
Feminists, where art thou?
It's a start. First you ban them from the leisure center, then you ban them from your country, then from Europe.
Nice try, guy who sells blind collections on ebay ;)
Start in the cellar and burn frankincense generously in every room. Make sure that all drawers, closet doors, cabinet doors etc. are open. My place is haunted too, but burning frankincense reduced activity noticeably.
I like your dad.
Nobody can blame 'em for that.
A below average design for a below average organization.
[Packers](http://i.imgur.com/OFe4SF8.gifv)
[Don't blame me](https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/rf/image_908w/2010-2019/Wires/Images/2015-01-15/AP/49ers_Tomsula_Football_-01df0.jpg&amp;w=1484)
Sat with my uncle on the shore of lake Ontario and watched a plane crash. Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5o6PitZEmMI
Successfully. They will be used successfully.
Beat it out of them.
Think again!
Islam gives a legal framework as well as rules how to be behave. It is a culture.
Only the tip of the iceberg. 95% of those cases are not reported in the media because they don't fit the narrative of the nice and peacful immigrant.
I wasn't! But reasonable people like me and others got banned from /r/europe, /r/news and /r/worldnews. At least the admins in /r/worldnews aren't delusional fascists and started to unban people when they realized that we were right all along.
Fun fact: they are moslims too.
Well, I'm oldschool. Also it's quite fitting for such an antiquated culture.
&gt;Culture (/ˈkʌltʃər/) is, in the words of E.B. Tylor, "that complex whole which includes knowledge, **belief**, art, **morals**, **law**, **custom** and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society." I did. And I'm spot on with my evaluation. You however have proven that you don't know shit.
http://www.nfl.com/nflnetwork/onairtalent Put them all in bag and clobber the bag. You'll always hit the right one.
Who doesn't consider it a masterpiece?
7 hours til kickoff. I'm so pumped!!!
I sincerly hope she's better than Merkel.
*Not recommended for male gymnasts.*
Thanks, that's a good point.
Jesus, Packers threw this game. Can't get it more on a silver platter. Dropping interceptions like there's no tomorrow, stupid penalities and sloppy play throughout. This team need a revamp.
Yeah, we fought ourselves to the end.
McCarthy can't win close games.
Honestly, I wouldn't call 2 desperation plays "clutch". Clutch would have been had he scored on one of the two drives in the 4th quarter to give the packers a 10 point lead. But that's just my opinion.
Did anyone say you get more challenges?
Some good stuff here. Really teaches you to listen to your gut feels.
http://imgur.com/gallery/IviNsUi
Looks delicious. Can you post the dough recipe?
Thanks. Gonna try a pizza with sour dough the next time.
I don't question the quality of the throws. They were great. My argument is that a clutch QB would have put the game away when he had the chance.
And by cancer you mean rape.
Their bitterness amuses me.
The Packers under McCarthy wasted so many opportunities. We lose pretty much every game against similar good teams. 2007 Gianst, 2009 Cardinals, 2011 Giants, 2012/13 49ers, 2014 Seahwaks and now the Cardinals again. This is not just "bad luck" this is a trend. Also many playoff games we won, we just did it by the skin of our teeth. 2010 Bears we probably lose without the Cutler injury, 2012 Vikings we play the backup QB, 2014 Cowboys we win on a technicality, 2015 we get to play the weakest team and it's still a struggle. You're cutting MM too much slack. He beats up a weak NFCN and that's pretty much it. With a coach like Bellichick who knows how many SB we would have. Three maybe four? Let's face it, he wasted the best years of one of the best QBs of all time and all we have is one SB appearance that - thank god - we won.
Start in the cellar and burn frankincense generously in every room. Make sure that all drawers, closet doors, cabinet doors etc. are open. My place is haunted too, but burning frankincense reduced activity noticeably.
&gt;Denver fired Fox after 4 straight division titles. Just getting the to playoffs isn't acceptable for who we have at QB. I'm starting to agree with this. McCarthy is a good offensive coordinator but a not so good head coach.
&gt;I'm a big McCarthy critic, and his conservative decision making is probably the thing that bothers me the most. Every time I hear he's conservative I have to think about the ill-advised onside kick in the playoff game against the Giants or the fake punt from his own 20... :D
Too bad Super Bowl rings aren't given out for stats on an Excel sheet.
#A FUCKING 6'6 TIGHT END THAT TURNS OUR FIELDGOAL DRIVES INTO TOUCHDOWN DRIVES!!!!!!!!!1111 (Cause that's the reason we lost this year and last year)
Make MM OC and get Coughlin as HC.
So what are you suggesting? Let's just be content that we make the playoffs? Wait til the stars align again to win another Super Bowl? Let's just waste Aaron's best years?
&gt;We are the Green Bay Packers. We are a perennial favorite for the Super Bowl, we are always at the top of the NFCN, we always have tons of talent, Yet we only have one Super Bowl appearance. Hmmm...
And now look at the first 20 plays of the Patriots against KC...
After he let two stellar CBs walk away.
Eli Manning is not as good as Aaron but the Giants have 2. Both time beating us on the way. Tom Brady is as good as Aaron and he has played in 6 Super Bowls. Really makes you think...
He's a fucking warrior.
They were just examples off the top of my head because both were in their last contract year.
I fear he'll just roll it over to 2017.
We were obviously short handed on WRs and TE after Nelson, Quarless and Montgomery went down. We simply didn't have enough bodies. Pretty much any NFL experienced receiver would have been a help imho, not much of a gamble.
If you always roll over some cap you're basically reducing your cap.
Well, that's why they practice 5 days a week.
For 2.: make a sub called /r/packersmeme or something.
Yes hindsight is 20/20. But have you ever heard of risk management? There was a risk that both Montgomery and Quarless take longer to get healthy. There was the risk that another receiver got injured. At that point it was clear that both Cobb and Adams don't have their best year. The receiving corp is so important for our offense that we can't take risks in this area. But TT took the risks and we got burned. Good example of poor risk management and best case scenario mentality.
With the mouse I have bot like aim, on my Playstation I can't hit a barn.
Good tip here: Signup and check your ID. Compare your ID to hers. If its much lower you know shes been using the site for a long time.
Why get an OT or OLB when we really need a TE and an ILB?
While this is all true, the fact is we HAVE someone adequate at OT and OLB for next season. TE and ILB however we have pretty much nothing.
Some dried cranberries. They provide an interesting sweet / sour element. Sourkraut and your stew becomes a Székely stew.
Avoid the groid. Male or female.
I hope he becomes alive and devours the Vikings
Sweden too
The Institute for Interdisciplinary Research on Conflict and Violence is run by leftwing extremists. The study is not independent but follows a agenda. Congratulations, you have been disinformed.
&gt;You could draft a late round guy who would be better than he was this year. If TT wastes a draft pick on a punter I'll kick him in his ballsack.
Better question: Who likes Jaguars hand down Vic Ketchupman? Not me, for sure...
Well, had Germany held Moscow, Lenin- and Stalingrad, Baku and Sverdlovsk and had the Soviets lost 25% of their coreland and also lost Vladivostok to the Japanese it's highly likely that they would have agreed to a "bitter peace" where the give up the western part of the SU and retreat to the Ural.
Everyone that believes that women are incapable of domestic violence watch this video. It happens way way more often than you think.
Unfortunately he isn't one of the most successful. *stares at Mike McCarthy*
I saw a documentary about him once. Fucking interesting story. Highly recommended
Roger Goodell wanted an Arizona win. The ref delivered. Now he collects his reward. x-post to /r/conspiracy
Subpar speed, bricks as hands, runs wrong route half of the time. The only thing missing here, is him showing up overweight for OTAs.
For you, Skyler White is probably more memorable than Walter White.
If you can't shit in the woods, you shouldn't be out there in the first place.
Decks than regularly lose to themselves are usually not very good.
Are you looking for a book that teaches you how to cook or a recipe book?
My guess is that the mystery heat source is likely some sort of brown fat that can generate heat without shivering.
Maybe also share this: http://katu.com/news/local//portalnd-police-seek-help-finding-suspects-in-assault-on-packers-fan so they can catch the guys and put them in jail for the rest of their lifes.
I do it for reassurance.
I hate to say that, but thank god Cutler got injured in the game or Aaron might not even have this one Super Bowl ring.
Would be like Donald Drivers last season.
Game of Thrones intro with the steampunk mechanical map etc. doesn't really fit imho.
Yes, he didn't play well in the first half. So did Aaron. Doesn't mean he would have played bad in the 2nd half too. But be that as it may, people seem to forget, how close this game was.
No wonder they lost 4 Super Bowls.
That's why you use Apple
And uck Sam Shields brickhands.
Please, for the love of god, stop posting this Vic Ketchupman shit on reddit. Bad enough that his crap is all over the Packer website.
His arm wouldn't break in the first place.
Wasn't directed at this specific post, more like my general opinion. But now that I read it, I have to say that it doesn't make any sense. Footballitis? Inflammation of the football? Smh. Also I hate when people like him tell me I don't have any perspective and I'm overreacting. Packers fans have every right to overreact. Year for year we see teams with less talent than the Packers hoist the Lombardi trophy. The Packers are a bad playoff team and the coaches and the manager must be held accountable. If you look at Aarons playoff games there is really just the Atlanta game and the Super Bowl where they played well. Dallas they won on a technicality, Vikings they played the backup QB, Eagles the win because Akers has one of his worst games ever. Chicagos third string QB nearly beats them. Three playoff losses at home. Lets face it, the Packers dominate NFCN but come playoff time they don't do much.
Overracting still is better than what people like you do/think: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1b/82/84/1b828434dae9eeca52080576870ff4b9.jpg
Pasta and apple sauce. I know I'm a savage.
Nuclear waste isn't very green...
Nuclear energy is only cheap because nobody is including the costs for nuclear waste storage and the costs for decomissioning nuclear plants when they become obsolete.
I'm sure they'll bring someone in like this season with Cody Mandell.
I don't like him. He's a terrible journalist. If he is even a journalist. Just watch his interview with Donald Driver. Worst interview ever.
0-3 in turnovers, still win the game. No problemo.
Mike McCarthy: "Football games are decided by big plays!" Jeff Janis: "Damn right, coach!" Davante Adams: "I look good on paper!" [Bom-bom-bom-dudl-du-du-duu-du-du](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag1o3koTLWM)
You should be on the NFL competition committee.
When right becomes wrong, resistance becomes duty!
When right becomes wrong, resistance becomes duty! You can't blame people from protecting their community themselves if the government fails to do so.
Bushy like a rhododendron. Cudos if you get the reference.
Deus Vult!
*"I know to whom I owe the most loyalty, and I see him in the mirror every day."*
What did this Kuhn guy ever do for the Packers? [Maybe ask Julius Peppers.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSHhohzylpk)
I wonder who is more offended by this statement. Jews or scientologists?
People who don't like mustard.
[People who don't like mustard on their brats.](http://www.hc-sc.gc.ca/fn-an/alt_formats/pdf/pubs/securit/2012-allergen_mustard-moutarde/2012-allergen_mustard-moutarde-eng.pdf) The more you know...
Davante Adams
Rich kid commies. Spending hundreds of dollars on "streetwear", preaching their SJW bullshit, telling everyone what's right and what's wrong and all while daddy pays tuition, appartment, convertible and $3000/month walk around money.
When Charles Woodson signed his huge rookie contract with the Raiders Rod Woodson told him "Nah, you make too much money, for me to give you advice."
You clearly never played competitive football. There are those last 2-3% of motivation that get only activated when you hold a grudge against an opponent.
Let me guess, you're also the kind of person that celebrates when an opponent gets injured.
I don't watch much youtube at all but but this guy has usually something good to say.
I didn't know them either. But people that wear beanies indoors are usually huge, pretentious douchebags. That's proably why everyone is agitated.
40 millions or what they paid for him and he has been nothing but injured.
"This nipple is only for mommy."
Lol, nearly forgot about this one. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
But why?
This dude really needed that green card.
Lackluster Pillar again
I see no meme magic in those people. How can they even compete?
... and it doesn't fit the narrative!!!
How dare you call Islam a mental illness?!?
This happened about 2 months ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBlwxqqAprQ But I'm sure it has nothing to do with nothing and the shooter just happened to snap and all moslims love gays and want just world peace and bla bla bla
:D Islam, am I right?
People see the world like they want so see it. Instead of facing the reality they want stories of 1001 nights.
Israel is great until you run into orthodox jews.
&gt;not all hell on earth either Yeah, maybe ask some of those north korean constructions workers or bangladesh houseslaves...
DELETE THIS! :^(
IT DOES NOT FIT THE NARRATIVE OF THE NICE AND PEACEFUL MOSLIM. DELETE THIS.
If you can't introduce yourself without a script, I don't want know or hire you.
Proves that the 0,1% elites stick together and the fights on TV are just to keep the plebs thinking they really have a choice.
Bangladesh --&gt; dude will be chopped to pieces by an angry mob with machetes.
How can you NOT hate islam?
Nice taqqiya bullshit.
Is this the meal? Because after eating that I'd order the curry I liked best. And make it extra hot. Also more naan bread please.
Yeah, one week before the vote. How convenient. This is surely not a false flag operation financed by (((people))) who would lose a lot of money in case of brexit.
The guy was mentally ill. If it was an assassination I don't think he did it alone. I wonder who benefits the most from her death.
&gt;radical fascist Citation needed
&gt;bait &gt;psychotic individual You might be on to something. Cui bono?
Already debunked. None of the witnesses heard anyone scream "Britain First". Nice try tho.
Yes, and it would be quite easy to manipulate such a person, right?
The point is that there are so many "coincidences" that it looks like a false flag operation.
Out of respect BBC already canceled the debate this evening. Hmm
London generates roughly 25 per cent of the UK's GDP. Ca. 50 per cent come from the financial sector. A sector that has threatened to partly leave London for Luxembourg, Amsterdam, Frankfurt or Asia in case of Brexit. According to the Osborne report UKs GDP would decrease by 6 per cent and they lose close to 300.000 well paid jobs. 6 per cent of the GDP is about 150 billion EUR. Gone. Just let those numbers sink in for a moment. Do you honestly believe that those powerful people that are about to lose a lot of money just stand pat while the British plebs in a spurt of nationalistic euphoria tear their well running money machine down? Greater crimes have been committed for less, way less money.
It is even better than this. The 18 inch gives you 12% more pizza. Now if we remove 1 inch of crust from all pizzas you get about 20% more core pizza from the 18 inch. So not only do you get more pizza you get also get a much better crust / pizza ratio.
Praise Kek
tfw when no Rock
Yeah, because anti-semitism just fell from a tree and was not a reaction to behaviour. Jews were actually the best and kindest and all other people are just meanies.
Pretty much. And I'm too old to change.
Seems you can't read the article. She called the police herself.
Your incoherent rant isn't an argument and doesn't disprove my point. Try again.
Some low income guy now was to scrub this off on his knees just because some smug neckbeard wanted a "funny" tumblr picture. What a hero.
[Not an argument](http://i.imgur.com/I6PiIq2.jpg)
Hate to break your circlejerk, but that was godawful goalkeeping. He shoots it in the goalies corner and that guy seems to have the vertical jump of a sumo wrestler.
"UK isolated and split. London as financial center will be insignificant. Third time we will prepare everything thoroughly." thought Angela Merkel rubbing her hands together slowly. As the warmth on the inside of her palms increased there was only on thought in her mind "Am Ende steht der Sieg!"
Cui bono?
We did it, reddit!
This. Plus expensive snacks, plus you can't go to bathroom when you want, plus the "behavior" of "vibrant youths". Bought a Epson TW2200 full HD projector and a Phillips PerfectDraft thingy. Now every movie is like going to the cinema and also my popularity soared.
Defeatist
This is not art, this is degenerate shit. The emperor is naked, folks.
MGTOW is a dead end. Literally. It's a defeatist movement initiated by the enemy. It plays right into the hand of the feminists and their goal of destroying the family.
Gott strafe England!
It's not really fair to compare him to other artist that actually got a real arts education. What we can see in his pictures is what he taught himself more or less. Had he had the chance to hone his skills at the academy in Vienna, the results would have been better for sure, as he had some talent.
&gt; This was literally the first science fiction book ever written. How aboot Timaeus written in about 360 B.C. by Plato?
If you have problems with Martin, you better stay away from Dostoevski...
I wish people would name the judge who made the ruling. And no, this is not personal or confidential information, it's a public record.
I wish they would do the same with Islam aka "abusive, intolerant, oppressive system masquerading as a religion"
Isn't the KKK nowadays just a FBI honeypot?
