Lol I've never seen spy kids 2 but yeah exactly like that
I don't remember mine cycling thru all the numbers but I could be wrong. I've only tried it once on one jeep and it gave me the right code
She came and started farting
Totally random, but Your username is like a rearranging of "Peggy tanzer"..someone I Know
I used to drive a 1991 maroon crown Victoria, I thought getting pulled over once a month was totally normal. Then I got a less ridiculous vehicle and it's maybe once or twice a year
Going over rocks and such
Wait. He was just selling stolen credit cards?
I loved that game but I beat it in a couple hours and I'm not one for the challenges and stuff
Good skill if you decide to watch attack on titan, intro is like 8 minutes long
When I was a kid and that show was playing I always thought it looked super lame, then it blew me away when I was like 21, one of only 4 shows I've watched all the way thru
Starting small imo is really the only way to go. I didn't one day just decide to spend a couple hundred dollars on fish tank shit. I got a 10 gallon cuz I thought it would be cool. Then I bought a couple plants, upgraded tank sizes, found out about aquascaping and have little by little Been collecting everything I need to have my dream tank. Same with my jeep. I have a friend on the other hand who drops money into a hobby then quits after a month or so. A few months back he told me and another friend he was getting into leatherworking. Couple weeks later I asked if he's made anything and he says "nah, I need to buy more tools first ".... how can you invest so much in a hobby which you only like the idea of? He has no idea if he will even like leatherworking.
Offroading(or more building up your truck), lifting weights, just depends how much you wanna delve into it
Eh. I feel like planted tanks can get equally or more ridiculous than saltwater (although admittedly I know near nothing of saltwater tanks) What with light levels, light spectrums, co2 systems, conditions to breed different fish and inverts.. but the coolest part to me is simply the styling of the whole thing. Look up aquascaping contests, some of those tanks are so damn cool. If someone told me 3 years ago that setting up a fish tank is a form of art I would roll my eyes but it totaly is, and it's almost the only form of artistic expression that I really enjoy. I'm creating a little underwater world in which different critters will interact. Then after initial planting you get to watch it all grow out. You kind of set it up not in a way that looks super awesome, but in a way that will look super awesome when all of your plants start taking off. Edit: oops, I kinda misunderstood what you were saying, my rant pretty much confirms what you say instead of arguing against it.
I am on mobile haha thank you for My first gold!
Always sunny, breaking bad and trailer park boys although they're due for 2 more seasons. There may be one or 2 other shows but I can't think of them right now
I might have been also. My memory sucks and I guessed
Bitching
Oh shit. This is the best example of this I have ever heard
Take his advicd, stop comparing yourself to other people, your lift numbers are not very good. But that's totally ok because you're new to this. Just go lift weights until you can lift more than you used to
Oh they won't hatch though
Nerite eggs don't hatch in fresh water
Freshwater tanks doesn't always mean planted though, they're just usually just talking about looking nice
I have a cousin with that name. .he has our last name tattoo's across his chest. ..spelled wrong. I wish I could make this up
That's so fucking extreme
My mind fucking wanders. I Think of some particular incident then get curious about one random detail and that leads me on a trail of random bullshit
You want me to post my cousins first and last name? I'll just tell you it has "ei" and his says "ie". Both he and the "artist" were super drunk apparently, the dude did the outline and had most of it filled in before somehow my cousin noticed and told him to stop so he could somehow get it fixed. It may be fixed by now, this was like 2 years ago and I don't talk to him all that often
Hahaha oops totally replied to the wrong comment. I put 2 in there for now just as a test but they've since had some babies, my main tank has probably 100 or so and I'll just be grabbing the most red ones I can when I see them. The quality of my shrimp has degraded over the last couple years since I bought them as I rarely cull them and don't do a very through job.
I sure did!haha I noticed right after posting but decided to leave it anyway
Lol thanks!I'm very happy with the tank. I noticed I replied to the wrong thread but decided to leave it
I don't remember but I think they were a peice of petrified wood looking stuff that I smashed into a couple smaller peices
Here's the proper way to drink coffee Step 1. Go to the break room. 2 grab a paper cup 3 full cup with ice 4 pour coffee over ice 5 open a straw. This is to make sure it spends the least amount of time in contact with your teeth as possible to avoid staining 6 chug that shit as quickly as you can because it tastes fucking nasty but caffeine is definitely needed.
If you haven't heard the acoustic version of that song,look it up. One of my favorite songs of all time
That's the worst mallet ever
I know you're joking but once thought of all the scary shit we have in southwestern usa. Rattle snakes, javalinas, coyotes, bobcats, mountain lions, centipedes, gila monsters, scorpions, black widows, tarantulas(supposedly not dangerous but they creep me out), supposedly bears in the mountains.
Its true. I farted loudly in 5th grade .
"Despite having special needs, Simms says Nicholle is not capable of feeding herself without assistance" What?
Oh thank fuck. I've heard of it but haven't seen it but knowing it's fake helps a lot
They're creepy to me
I've only seen a few in my life so they are around here just rare. First one I saw was like 6 inches long. Creepy little fuckers
I don't have any experience with palidariums and very little knowledge but I recommend posting this over on r/plantedtank it isn't necessarily the perfect sub but it is much more active and I'm sure someone over there will be able to point you in the right direction. Edit : a couple points. I would recommend a 30 or 40g breeder Tank , they are less tall than some other tanks which will give you more ground area to work with. Also I really don't think a soil and stone floor is a good idea as water won't run over it as much as just seep into it and make mud
Mostly a joke. My first xj was a 98 sport. My current one is a 97 and is very much a base model. I miss my 98 but my 97 is slowly becoming my own.
No I really have no idea what I'm talking about. It was a joke because I've owned 2 xjs and preferred my 98
What I hate is girls saying "hey you ahould ____" instead of asking for something . "Oh that's what I should do?"
My job is literally 90% "be present" i used to bring my laptop but it's fucked, but I play video games, dick around on reddit and do homework and even sometimes sleep.. oh and I also get 3 meals a day for free (nevermind. I have to pay $1 for breakfast)
I hated alice in Wonderland
Looks good except i think it would look nicer if you could. Make the rocks look somehow related, either all tilted the same way or maybe like the peaks of a mountain
I own a lifted jeep(1997) cherokee :( but it only has 3 inches of lift. I like to go camping and really enjoy romping around the forest. I like hating on giant bro trucks too but I Kinda feel like the kettle calling the pot a douchebag Edit: forgot to use the term brodozer. It's a good word
That's a good fucking rule. I'm moving out soon with my gf and while I have definitely improved my cleanliness over the last year or two, it definitely isn't perfect
Toms friend, that's who
God damn
I read "feets" instead of feet, which seemed way cooler. This is by first time on this sub. I'm not a short dude but, fuck those girls. I would like to see some kind of reversal on this and what kind of reaction it gets
Hell yeah! Good for you that's awesome! Just know that no kiss will ever be that exciting again. It's still awesome to kiss someone you really care about but it more just feels really comfortable
God damn I miss that. I am completely I love with my girlfriend, kissing her feels so right but it's more comfortable than exciting. Good for you man! Just be sure she's on the same page. I lost my virginity with a girl I met that same night. I got her number and started texting her after that but it turned out to be a one time thing, thinking back that was definitely a good thing. I'm not saying this is your situation. Just be careful
I had that blanket. Damn fine blanket
I get too involved with stories. I explain every fucking detail because I want them to be as close go experiencing the whole thing as possible, which is good in theory but sometimes "some gut shit himself at the bar last night" is enough to stand on its own without any back story of what I was doing
Lol I'm glad I got to read that before it got deleted
No, it's a watch with... marbles and space and stuff? Just a shitty one
Definitely. I'm not huge into fighting games but that was probably my favorite, played the shit out of the first and second
My license doesn't expire until 2055. Hooray for arizona!
I feel like writing commercials would be really fun if you got creative with them. Basically writing a short with some product placed in there
It does not
This never happened for me. Everything else in my tank is doing wrll .. except Duckweed I literally cannot keep it in my main tank. It grows in my nano but is far from taking over
I absolutely love My xj but I miss my (03) xterra and reading this doesn't help. Although I sold it because it was a 2wd, 4 cylinder model. Even then it never gave me any problems off the beaten path. I even took it on a 3000 mile trip from Arizona to idaho and back. If only mine was 4wd I definitely would've kept it
I opened the link and literally said holy shit" out loud. That tank is amazing Edit: that's only 8.5 gallons? On my first look I thought it was like 50+
Agreed. I only feel small because most of the time when I'm comparing myself to someone it's at the gym, which is not a good sample of the general population. Then I go to a lake/pool party or whatever and realize I'm okay
6 foot at 185 is small?? I mean it isn't huge but i wouldn't say small Edit: for a bodybuilder, i realize it's small. I just mean as a person in general
Ah. That's kinda what I meant. Not compared to competing body builders but just the general population
What? It's only the plastic cover being replaced
True. But one is more important. I definitely appreciate good graphics but don't really judge a game based on them.
That said I don't consider myself a "serious" gamer
For the general population?
I just looked at your progress pics. You are not small, are you huge? No but you definitely are not small. I'd bet most randies you see on the street would be mirin.
Landmine press?
What kind of light is that?
You normally fill those jugs with purified drinking water so I wouldn't think so
Get hella drunk
Hmm that's a possibility.I'll give it a shot
Maybe instead of hooked up to traffic data you could just have them cycle thru green, yellow red?
Good point.
Home depot. They're egg crate style light diffusers in the florescent lighting section. It was a big peice that I cut up
Good point. I just threw the light on to see what I was doing and put it on the side I wasn't working on to keep it out of my way
Home depot it's a light diffuser I chopped up
I think i get what you're saying. I'm going to do some rearranging after work
HO LY FUCK
Seriously. The guy to the left has a camera too it looks like.
Hmm I don't think so? But thanks for bringing it up. I just poured vinegar on it and haven't had any bubbles
Nice doodle! What about the left side? I was thinking tall crypts in both back corners
I have an anubias but it isn't very big. Thing grows slooww. I was thinking about putting it kinda high in the tree and maybe wrapping moss only around the lower trunks
I ripped mine off, it looks so much better without but I've probably spent more time picking away at the glue than doing anything else to my jeep and still have more to go
Ugh I have about 20 thick black hairs that grow under my chin in contrast to the soft golden locks that grow on My head... I'm also a dude and that's all the facial hair I can grow. Damn German genes
That didn't fuck up your paint?
Great fucking idea I'm going to do that next year
Your dry start looks a little too wet
I did one it was pretty simple really. However I used way less water than op. I had no standing water and my substrate barely looked moist. I basically just misted it every day or every other day with a spray bottle and left the top open for a little to cycle the air. I also didn't use plastic wrap, just the glass lid and it did a good enough job at preventing evaporation
Infections can be pretty gross
They crashed
Plus I'm a baller on a budget
Break a couple twigs off of the wood to make it fit or once you smash the one rock up, use a bunch of little peices to fit into the roots. Edit : also thank you, setting up hardscape is probably my favorite part of aquascaping
You can always break them off but still use them in the scape. In my 40b there are like 6 peices of wood but I tried to make it all look like one peice
Also keep in mind that depending on how you plant it, the plants may overtake the hardscape
Got any more info on this?
Brendan fraiser is in some dope shit
It would but I wouldn't think it's necessary. I don't even know what humidity level would be necessary but I really just sprayed until the substrate is barely wet in top. I'm no expert but it worked well for me. I didn't have mine saran wrapped either, just kept the lid on
90% of this thread is the same shit
Not sure how if works but my friend got to test drive one and he's never owned one
Not sure how if works but my friend got to test drive one and he's never owned one
Without the experience you'd assume it's the same spot as your weiner
I would if I was single! Foreign dudes get all the poon
Why was low dose worse? I think I've only done like 10x and 20x and I just go beyond the thunderdome and end up in my own world. Although I did read it has a "reverse tolerance" effect, the more you smoke it, the harder it effects you
I think i read that they do this is north Korean prison camps. Sad shit
Ah. Southern AZ here.
It's called fat
That's what I need to start doing. I have my account automatically put $40 into savings every pay period but I make more money now
Like playing Yahtzee!
I feel like I don't hear the engine at 80mph though, she doesn't rev too high. Wind and road noise are definitely killer though
So many forced expositions
Good thing all drunks make sure to shoot exactly up in the air
Chooooosen ooone I'm coming
Thanks that sounds like exactly what I was talking about. I do like that version better but the ghost mice one works for me
I loved that show but it always creeped me out a little
Evil con carne
I need more tetras
I love that episode Edit: I don't think I'm super tough
I'm going thru some relationshio issues and I totally agree with you on all fronts. Except sometimes I can't help but talk to my friends about it:/
The already got a bunch of neons
I've*
I'm 6ft and most the dudes I work with are within an inch or two of me either way. Except this one kid. Hes like 5"7' but swears to God his doctor said he's 6ft and everyone else is 6'4"-6'6"
I have never seen that movie referenced anywhere before. I watched it so many times up until I was like 6 then never again. It's my ultimate nostalgia
I work in a retirement home. Every time I see an elderly person by themselves with a walker out in the general population I'm wondering how the hell they got out
That's kinda how conversations with my gf (or ex, were on a break) go. When we talk about things she doesn't let anything out. I pretty much have to give her a multiple choice test to figure out what she's thinking
Oh man. Your post confused me a little but I'm sorry to hear about that. She told you not to text her anymore because you told her you're bipolar? Don't stick around though. It doesn't really seem like it's worth it
Not exactly what I was referring to but that's cool too. Never mind it's the right thing but the link was to the comments
I just cant get over the name "Hogarth"
Having to actually do that would be one of the worst things ever
Colin ferrel is so good at an American accent I forget he sounds like a goddamn leprechaun
What is another example of a black comedy? I'm not trying to be a dick, I've just realized I don't think I've ever heard of any other movie described as a black comedy
My problem is talking dirty. I can be rough and take control and make commands but I can't do the whole "porn talk" thing. It just seems so forced and cheesy
Theyve gotten so out of hand the last couple years. Thanfully they seem to be on the way out
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
I never knew how to put it into words but that's perfect
Mines on a 3 inch and I rub just when backing up and turning. Maybe go with 30x9.5s? Or you could always trim the inside of the fender a little. Underneath the flairs. I cut a few inches out but it didnt really helo
Wow. That's some sociopath level shit. Fuck that lady
I mean maybe it's the higher doses that get you but in 7th grade I was like 100lbs and my friend was closer to 200. He was in a good amount of pain so I took whatever a full dose for him was. Didn't feel dopey or anything
I just realized I enjoyed most of the books we read, yet for some reason I've only read one very short book in the last 7 years since graduating. I enjoyed animal farm, night, life of pi and I really liked Frankenstein Edit: add the giver and lord of the flies to the list
That's one of the funniest things I've seen in a while
Oh man I should've read your reply before posting the same thing but with shittier words
Yeah man. I have a few hobbies but one of them is fish tanks and Aquascaping. That's one I never bring up unless others do and I don't go into it how much. I may say "oh man I love fish tanks" if they're mentioned then if someone chimes in I can tell them more in depth. Shit, even when people come over and see my bitching underwater forest and say they like it I just go "yep, me too" that said I do have other hobbies which arent so weird
That's how I define hobbies. Something with creative output even if it's just a little
A girl at my friends old job got caught doing heroin at her desk. She then had to sit next to a supervisor
Nice tank. I run the same co2 and lights as you. Are you dosing any ferts?
Looks like he's getting some ghetto medical care
Wouldn't this problem be avoided by just turning off ans cutting power to the computer before driving?
I used to have a bird with a twisted foot who would always come into my yard to eat dog food when I was a kid. I saw him literally every morning. I never even thought of the fact that I probably see other birds just as often.
Fuck man, don't say that. I was born in 90:(
It got deleted. What he say? What he say??
Yeah but smartphones+internet are fucking insane
It's just way more weird than I remember
.. Yogurt??
That's kinda what my (ex?) Gf said when i brought it up. "I don't initiate it because you always do and I got used to that"
That's pretty much what I was going off of. I don't have exact facts on it but no shit most Canadians live in the south of the country where it isn't icy nothingness. And even the red dots that aren't on the coast are either on the great lakes or the Mississippi. So I guess you could change my original statement to "within 100 miles of a *major* body of water"
Hey me too! I just got done eating free food now I'm watching ESPN.
Yeah but my original post said "coasts" I'm not sure if they count as coasts so that's why I said I should change my comment from "near a coast" to near a major body of water
Nobody likes you when you're 23--
I've been hearing they're their newer shit lately.
Not him but I plastic dipped mine probably about 9 months ago now. It's holding up really well, highway speeds, drifting on dirt roads, tires rubbing the insides, not a single flaw. It seems to do well on some materials and not so great on others (I did a wooden dresser that keeps chipping)
That happened with my ex( :( ) and I, neither could remember who started it
I work with an elderly couple and sometimes the wife just calls the husband "dad" its somehow more weird
Meet Tom hanks
Wow this is awesome. What's the name of the paint stuff you were talking about?
There are games where the goal is to drink.. Try beer ball
I didn't know this was a thing until my mom got my sister in law coloring books for Christmas.
I was coming to warn of this. its so bad
They seem relaxing. Kinda just zone out and color. Like I enjoy painting things (not pictures. furniture and stuff like that) and it seems similar to that
I work in a nursing home. Can confirm its like highschool
Randy bobandy
Thanks
Naw theyre like intricate patterns and stuff
Almost the one I went with
Ah thanks. Nah I'm in the US
Wow I dig it. What substrate and lights after you using?
Don't buy rocks from a lfs, they charge so much
Find a landscaping yard. Tell them you want to hand load the rocks. You'll drive onto a scale before and after loading. They charge something like $30 per *ton*, I got more stone for $6 than I could ever use
Just hopped in the pilot seat of this plane and took off. Anyone help me out on tips with landing?
Check out devil makes three. More folky than bluegrass and I'm not a fan of their latest Album but they don't get nearly the recognition they deserve
I absolutely love 90s cars
Pretty new to disc golf. Why does rim width disqualify it? Is it an advantage?
Or buying a Rolex over a cheap watch.
So I saw in another comment that you didn't bathe much, just used camper showers And such but my question is what did you do for food?
I got a 404 Edit: nvm. And holy shit I love that scape
...gesh?
Strangers on Reddit are a good outlet for me, just went thru a breakup and a few people here really helped
Ah okay that seems cheap. What about laundry? I want to take a big trip near the end of the summer before I start my apprenticeship so I'm just getting ideas
I live like 20 minutes away from this museum. I've always thought it would be really cool to set up a tank with all locally caughy/gathered fish, plants and hardscape but didn't really realize we had so many small fish that would actually make it feasible (I pretty much just assumed the trout in Arizona's mountains were what we have). Thanks for posting!
I can't bring myself to click on it. I hate reading stories of people being cheated on
The nightstand or the cat?
Dude wtf I just saw it last night and after making that reference I saw someone else reference it in another thread but I don't remember which
God I can't imagine the anticipation of tjat
I didn't know they made 50 breeders! Quite the vibrant tank you got there
I have but it's always been alcohol not Netflix... That sounds terrible. I was a broke college kid, not a middle aged alcoholic
"It is speculated that Jerome was suffering from depression due to being “extremely lonely” on Valentines Day." Is this article for real? They also said they found his dick detached from his body and gripped tightly in his left hand. There's no way
Fuck nebraska
Oh damn those look nice. I wonder if it would look shitty to get black and beige because I doubt the beige would match
When I was like 12 going thru my garage I found one and thought it was my dad's pipe
What about chicken wire? Or Something similar but less ugly
Doesn't tom Barr ususally run pressurized co2 though while walstad does not?
Oh alright. I don't know much about Tom Barr I was just wondering
How far are you planning on hiking? There are good trails around the edges of Tucson and mt lemmon(like 30 minute drive from anywhere in Tucson) has some beautiful views
That's what I'd need. I'm pretty new to the game and have gotten alright at driving while standing still but i don't have the coordination or knowledge to step into it. I probably just need to practice it but every time I throw I'm playing to win
Oh we snuggled real hard in there. I drove a 97xj too. Good shit
I just do it to flare my lats like a cobra
Poor guards
I don't know any trans people but how do t generally feel about Laura Jane grace? The lead singer of against me! She came out as trans in 2012 I want to say and seems like a much better role model
Although she isn't *as* famous as caitlyn Jenner, how do you feel about Laura Jane grace? Or do you know who she is?
"We'll always be friends, forever, won't we?" "Yeah, forever" My eyes legitimately welled a little just typing that
I don't even know your dog and I'm tearing up
Aw good! My pup gives hugs but I need to teach him more tricks
Or make it heavy.
I'll disagree but I see where you're coming from
I'm pretty sure I heard it like 10 years ago on funnyjunk.com or something
Do you have that backwards? I kind of agreed with you the first time I watched thru the show but on watching some episodes the 2nd time I noticed that Julian is a manipulator and he always comes up with the shitty ideas while Ricky is just along for the ride and wants to make money because he thinks it will get Lucy to come back to him, although he definitely has the worse temper
I like the aquatek mini but others have had issues with it and it is very touchy when adjusting
Hopefully I'll be in your shoes in a few years. I'm 25, just started making decent money and hopefully im about to start an electrician apprenticeshio which will make it more money. I have no debt. I just got out of a relationship and don't plan on starting another anytime soon. I don't understand these posts that say "I (21m) have 15k saved, what do?" Good luck! Be sure to tell us all about it:)
Put yourself out there man. Do something that makes you uncomfortable. When the opportunity to do something comes up, do it. No matter how lame you think it'll be, the worst that happens is its lame and you don't have fun. Hell I just turned 25 and last week decided to go to a couple bars by myself because why not? I was super nervous and worried about looking like a loser but I went and I sat there by myself drinking a beer and chatting with the bartender a little. It was a little weird and really not that fun but I'm glad i did it. It wasn't terrible. Do you have any hobbies? Try to find local clubs
Only big concert I've been to was edc which was a fucking blast, but normally I see smaller bands and never really pay more than $30 for a ticket. I have plenty of adventures, they're just smaller:)
Mine did something similar but I think it's a viper alarm. If the other guys fix doesn't work look for a tiiiny little button on the alarm box and hold it while you start the jeep
Ima a gunna ween!
Actually I agree. The one sticking up top left shouldnt be visible. I feel like you should try to kinda weave them thru and around the rocks more
Check /r/exnocontact
They are decent. People like to shit on them. I'm a folk/bluegrass fan and while they don't really fit the genrenof bluegrass they do have some kickass songs
Gunna throw a few more out there: The devil makes three (more folky than bluegrass but they kick ass and don't really sound like anyone else) my favorite album is "long johns, boots, and a belt." .357 string band Hillstomp Old crow medicine show Trampled by turtles ( most of their stuff is too slow for me but they got some kickass stuff) Also I'm going to throw in the MysterEP album by chewing on tinfoil, not really bluegrass but they do use a banjo and I just love em
No way. Rekt&gt;owned/pwned I was in highschool when people said that shit and thought it was dumb them, same with calling everything epic
Fair enough
Thanks for writing that up man. How tall are you? Arms are looking much better
Op doesn't like him
The comment some other user just posted has 3k likes
Drunkest pictures ever
"Officer! That guy took me stuff!!" "You've pissed your pants, I dont beleive you" " I didn't piss my pants. He did it!"
But just ast "hey what times do you get up early so I don't take forever in the shower?" Don't just ask for her whole schedule
What the fuck?? That is totally insane
Exactly what I was thinking
Questions didn't get posted
I want one
I feel gross walking around barefoot in the gym
Congrats! Sent via Google wallet
That kid could be my dad escort l t except I'm not black
I googled it because I was curious. I dunno about jacked. Hes a thin dude who looks like he takes care of his body but I was expecting more:(
There are some decent mobile games out there but they aren't the popular ones. ( /r/androidgaming ) But there were still some kickass flash games out there
Any good rum ham recipes?
I hate milk, I would drink it in shakes but there's also coconut/almond/soy milk, you could easily go without though
&gt;Calories are calories. True. I'll agree with you on that point for weight gain/loss. But to say protein and fat make you fat is just silly. People can be and are fat with any diet, provided that they're eating more calories than they're burning and not building enough muscle (which is synthesised from protein). Are you completely disregarding the many people who lose fat and even gain muscle on ketogenic diets?
That dick has balls
How is it? I'm 25 and just went thru some changes. I dreaded 30 and even 25 but I'm getting used to a new stage of life
How is it? I'm 25 and just went thru some changes. I dreaded 30 and even 25 but I'm getting used to a new stage of life
No way for us to know how strong you are. Try a weight if it's too light, add a few pounds
" I love banging hoors"
It's really the only quote that does. None of the characters really have punchlines or anything
Damn dude. That's a sweet jeep. I'm buying a motorcycle tomorrow. What carrier is that?
Everyone else is suggesting you deload a shitload or start from just the bar to work on form. If you've been training the big lifts and are comfortable in your form I'm not sure it'd necessary, go a little light though
Same. I'm not a pop fan at all but she does have a really nice voice and she's great on piano
Or a couple tablespoons of peanut butter. Doesn't seem like a big deal to me
Nuh uh dude. I tap my feet that's why I'm such a skinny dood ^^^^^/s
What weight/reps do you normally do?
Eh. Theres no harm in going light weight. You'll work your way back up quickly enough
Then don't go
Oh shit. I thought it said "grandson"
Fuck I had totally forgotten about this. Good shit
Maybe theres some kind of heater you could throw in there? Maybe one of those chemical hand heaters with a bunch of insulation? I'm not sure
Theres like a metal plate at the end of the escalator at the top. It breaks and she falls thru Edit: the video is pretty fucking gnarly. Looks like a scene from final destination
Yeah but I don't put any blame on them. I would be panicking like a motherfucker
When I go to bed it sounds like a damn bag of popcorn being popped. Fingers (at least 2 knuckles each finger), toes, shoulders, knees, ankles
Yeah. I was 190 for a little while then I went thru a break up and lost like 30 pounds because I wasn't eating much. I'm just starting to bulk again but I'm in no rush and don't want to pack on too much fat
Yeah I mostly browse /r/bodybuilding and not so much /r/fitness. I'll check out your spreadsheets. I actually just went thru another breakup but I've started hitting the gym even harder and running on my off days. I also just received some meal containers in the mail so I'll have no excuse for skipping meals and shit. My only problem is that 4 or 5 days per week I eat for free at work at least 2 meals and don't really have control or knowledge of what goes into all the dishes. I know I could still bring my food. But not having to buy, cook, or clean up after my meals is kinda worth not knowing exactly what I'm eating haha. And it's never junk food or anything.
Centipedes, no other answer
I'm uncomfortable just thinking about it
That fucking ending. Goddamn that read was almost as good as [Jake the snake](jakethesnake.com) Edit: I tried 3 times to get that link to work fuck it, go to Jakethesnake.com
Glad to see this so far up. So many people just jump into the hobby but to be honest I don't blame them. Most people just aren't properly ibformed
That seems to be all I get in Arizona too
Add some mushrooms too!
Is this a bro rape reference? I've never seen it referenced before
It wasnt too difficult until I got dumped and list 30lbs. Now I've been having a bigger problem to get back up to that weight but I'm trying to stay more lean than I was
It really is. I treat my xj more like a rally racer than a crawler
Thanks. No, taco bell is not very good but it's also never made me shit my Brian's out Edti: fuck it, I'm leaving it
A hamburger sure as hell is but I've heard people say it isnt
What's the difference between a burrito and a wrap? We went thru so many arguments and reasons before googling it and the answer was so simple A burrito is hot and a wrap is cold
Forgot what the character looked like so I googled her. Some of the first results are questionable
I fucking love disc golf. Am white
It isn't *supposed* to be a "dislike" button
Fuck this
When you say *out* of his ass.. You mean what exactly?
Don't walk around looking like a victim
Damn, autocorrect turned it to "motherfucker" I'll start using it though
What are towel stomps?
Nah man, I have a dog like I have a friend
Oh word
20s? Goddamn
It's probably the company you keep. I think a totally random sample of 100 people would be less. Not that it's right, it totally isn't. But I'm glad youve found those 15
Who knows
Y'all need better friends
Luck, maybe in getting all your ferts dialed in and no algae. But that is a fucking top notch scape, you've got an eye for it
Thanks. I really like them but my 31s would probably look goofy under them
Eehhh. I don't think I agree with that. Chin ups still use your lats to a good extent, I just think they also have *more* bicep involvement than pull ups do. It doesnt really make sense that most people could do more with their biceps than their lats, people don't generally curl their body weight
That's the thing. I feel like chinups just have the extra bicep assistance that pullups dont have, nobody is moving more weight/reps with only their biceps
I need the placebo: (
My roommates calls is "chicken-fil-a"
I work in a retirement home and if I'm working a 12 hour shift which isn't unusual I can normally get 3 free meals
I hate how everyone shits on planet fitness for serving pizza and bagels (I have other reasons not to like them) but who cares? If you don't want to eat the pizza because it's "too unhealthy" then don't, they aren't forcing you too and I bet 9/10 gym goers still eat pizza at least once a month
It's already a song by cake
Nuh uh i would just wrestle the child from its grip
Sorry man I'm not sure, but assuming this pic is you, what guard number did you get on the sides?
If you ate/drank whey you would not be fasted
Fuck that
The plastics in the trunk and stuff?
That place looks dope though
I think you can use the mount off if a bronco II, I saw it in a list of "junkyard mods"
Well as of now there's no battery in it, but yes I was getting power to other shit. The place wasn't too busy but they had to charge test so they said it would take a couple hours after confirming that it was currently dead. When I called the next day they said they didn't have a battery with my name on it and told me to go pick our which was mine, the guy said it tested bad but I'm not sure if they even charged it. I was hot,riding my motorcycle and didnt even think of that possibility until after I had the new battery home. Tomorrow I work a 15 hr shift but I'll throw the new on in on Thursday and see what happens Edit: everything else seems to light up and work except the window. I hear no motor noise and see no dimming of dash board lights, like When you normally roll up/down a window.
If you're looking to grow big leg muscles look sexy I honestly don't think it'll be that deferential to you. Free weights are obviously preferable but I think people blow it out or proportion. However squattinf in a Smith machine does feel very unnatural to me since your body follows the bar path instead of the other way around
It's usually people who are new to lifting though who also have noodle arms and everythibg else. You don't see a dude with a jacked upper body complaining that his legs won't grow after squattinf all day every day in the smith machine.
I agree with your points (although I'm not sure how you got a 250lb weight limit). I NEVER said that smith machines are preferable to regular squats. I'm saying that only having access to one isn't the end of the world
Piggyback question that I don't feel like making a new post for. I'm kinda lean already and fairly muscular but is keto still viable if I don't want to count calories and just limit my carbs?
Never heard of psmf before so u great looked it up. My only concern is that I do electrical work. It isn't full in construction but it still a physical job, carrying/climbing ladders and what not. I'll give it a shot though and see if I have the energy to keep uo with work. Thanks for the help
Was hoping you were approaching a million
My dad works at a dealership. Not a Jeep one but he has a really good tech and I get a discount. I was hoping to avoid taking it in but I probably will
I painted my fenders just with plasti dip probably a year and a half ago and they haven't seen any wear even after being ripped off on who knows what(after wheeling they were just barely hanging on) one of mine has a little spot where the plastisip has a hole but that's only because it got a little puke on it
Just visited that sub for the first time ever and wtf.
I'll give that a shot later today, thanks. I'm just wondering what makes you think that's the issue? I would think it's a loose connection somewhere
Betucsonan gave a bunch of good examples, I'll add to go play a round of disc golf
NO WAY THAT SHIT WAS LAME. I WAS ONLY PRETENDING TO GIGGLE SO MY GF THOUGHT I WAS HAVING A GOOD TIME
What kind of filters do you have? Or do you have any fountain pumps? I'm in Tucson and interested
Mine is currently fucking falling apart. Window quit working. Random electrical problems I can't figure out( gauges wont work, won't shift out of first) I have so many little projects just to get it back to good condition. Then upgrades on top of that
i never knew that was Tim Burton! He can make some good stuff when he isn't trying so hard to be Tim Burton. Although Beatle juice is great
The imaginarium of dr Parnassus
#ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!?
Once in highschool I walked up to ny group mod discussion and asked what they were talking about. One of them replied "nothing that concerns you space rangers, just us toys" I have never felt so discluded
I'm not familiar with the song but damn dude, your voice and the emotion behind it fucking slayed it. Good job keeping yourself on the upturn
I was just thinking about how this is the most supportive and friendly sub before taking that comment
Wow that thing is beautiful. I'm finally getting my xj back I commission today and bringing it camping tomorrow. I'm beyond stoked Edit:also what bumper is that
Digging that front bumper! Do you have a write up on it or what kind of materials did you use?
Instead of a RTT I just throw a bunch of pads in the back, keep the hatch open and strap up a rain fly over it to where I have a zipper to get in and out. Works out pretty damn well, I still plan on building a platform though
I would keep the fauna small. Maybe endless, tetras, otos, a bunch of RCS might look cool. Edit:OOH, DWARF PUFFERS! THEY'RE SO FUN TO WATCH. You'll probably want pyrogen too. That shit will throw off some tannins
What kind of routine puts squats after seated leg curls, straight leg deadlifts and calf raises? I would recommend 5x5 , maybe your roommate will jump on board after he sees you progress way quicker than him. You could still go to the gym together and lift separately. Or if you'd be better motivated lifting with him then do it. That routine doesn't look like the best though tbh
I want to be a firefighter so bad. It just doesn't seem worth studying though. It's so competitive, I got my EMT in 2011 and never got a job, i feel like half of the fore departments don't give a shit if you're certified or not since they'll make you go thru their training anyway. I took my city's fire department test, 1400 people showed up for 20 jobs. It seems hopeless. So Instead I'm trying to get into nursing school and hopefully I'll end up being a flight nurse:) or at least a trauma nurse in an ER.
How did you get into the department? I had my EMT and applied everywhere I could. My roommate is a firefighter and I've always wanted to be one. Do you have any tips?
I've never trained specifically for a fire test but I've been exercising and weightlifting for years. I'll just keep applying every chance I get!
Ohh ok. My pea puffers are pretty nice dudes
I guess it depends on the type of snail probably
I have that just about yearly in AZ, I watched the news yesterday and we had something like 6 people die from heat over the weekend
My lights are on 8 hours but it's split into 2 4 hour periods
Mine seems a little more stringy than what I though diatom look like but I'll give it some time
Seriously, I was in one relationship that I shouldn't have been (we were just very different) but I've never been in w position where I couldn't relax around my girlfriend. That's ridiculous
Tank has been up a while, there is some green algae on the glass, I'm not as worried about that as the brown stringy shit on my dhg
When my crown Vic was on its last legs I really wanted to jump it but ended up selling it for $500,i think that was a mistake
Seriously, children just need to grow the fuck up
Once I decided to try to just list all 50 states on a sheet of paper. I got to 48 fairly quickly and was stuck that was for maybe 30 minutes. It was the Dakotas I was missing.
Never heard the term and Google says "Any apartment with the majority of its square footage at or below ground level is referred to by Chicagoans as a “garden unit.” It is a regional term which can mean anything from sidewalk level to deep basements. Nearly every Chicago apartment building under 7 stories will have at least one garden unit."
"I'm not a trump supporter, but I actually agree with him on X for these reasons" -57 fuck Donald Trump and fuck you, I can't wait til you die so I can take a fat shit on your headstone. #BERNIE ##BERNIE. +1647 🌟x3
When a post reaches the front page and people bitch about it being a repost. If that many people had already seen it, it wouldn't get upvoted so much
I did a dry start with one once. I can't say it helped because I didn't have anything to compare it to, but it definitely didn't hurt
Never thought I'd hear Aesop rock on a folk punk list. Good shit though. Throw some tin Barry in the there
There's a farmers market that i go to sometimes and someone has a picture of Jesus on a cross for sale but hes fucking jacked, like Arnold big
Unthaw would be freezing wouldn't it?
I guess you're right
Thanks! My idea of fish breeding is keeping some guppies together
I did stupid shit as a teenager too
I totally feel you, I'd be lying if I said I didn't cry that night. But I'm sorry that she did it over text. I'll never understand how you can do that to somebody you cared about. The ex that dumped me in December did it thru text but she never was a good communicator. Did you see it coming at all?
Nice scape. That driftwood tree is pro as hell
Thank you thank you. I feel like nobody has ever agreed when I tell them that he "acts too smart". I mean obviously he is, but he just has this smug ass know it all demeanor about him
They also suggest shit based on my phone contacts and I've always refused to let Facebook have my number
You are creative as hell
I can't think of a more appropriate name for a cheerleader couple than "Chad and Becky"
How do your fender flares look so nice? What did you paint them with?
Anybody unfamiliar with tpb is probably so confused by these comments
Ah that makes total sense. But they said they don't want to show muffin tops or cellulite Because it will make people feel bad about themselves, so that's kindof the opposite of what got said isn't it? That they don't want unhealthy people to feel bad about themselves?
Fuck why did I think that too?
Me too. That and Joe dirt
Please no extra Bullshit like long intros and what not
M xjs PO was a 80 year old man who used it as a government vehicle. He probably wouldn't recognize it anymore
What does FBA stand for? I can gather it means flipping
I'm an OK looking guy I think, don't listen to the "rules" i broke all of them before I started getting good amount of matches. Im no model so I worked off my strengths and you need to o do the same. I had an interesting bio that stood out and I think was kinda funny and had a picture that showed off my body, I haven't been on tinder in like 8 months because I'm in a relationship (which I sometimes question :( ) so I can't remember exactly what it said
Then keep not getting matches. You have to give people a reason to want to match you. If you want to send me your profile I can *try* to help but you seem like you don't want to try
I don't listen to much electronic shit but alive 2007 is definitely one of my go to lifting playlists. You just forget about it, it's just an hour (or whatever) of noise that keeps you going
What do you mean line up perfectly? Edit: nvm, I'm guessing yourv gym has octagonal plates?
Do Palo verdes fuck with you? Or do you not have those where you live?
Its weird that drinking is the norm and not drinking is the.. not norm
Eh i think it would work, however you could get a totally complete workout in an hour. You don't need to do a thousand exercises, if I were to do what you're describing though,for my chest/tricep day I would hit my heavy compounds in the morning (bench, ohp, whatever) and then in the afternoon i would do accessories like tricep things, lateral raises, what The ever.
Wow that was way more in depth than I was expecting thank you! The signal that I pick up is actually the local community radio station, but i know for a fact that the station is a few miles away from where this store is. Maybe its a signal amplifier or something
20 hours later "stop harassing me"
Me too, they seem like they just like to fuck shit up for the fun of it and that would be something bad they could do:(
But isn't that what he says??
Damn. Thank you for the well written and informative response
How does salt melt ice? I never understood, because also when I worked as a waiter we would add salt to the salad bar ice to make it last longer, it would freeze all together
Went there once while visiting a friend, the beach destroys Justin's
Dude you've been at it for one week. The phrase"fitness is a marathon not a sprint" gets thrown around way too much but Its totally true. Keep on eating,keep on lifting
Theres two girls at work that slap my ass sometimes and I never touch them anything more than a friendly hug. Ridiculous Edit: I also typed out something else that happened but it wasn't very articulate so I deleted it, but there's other shit that happens too
It doesn't matter. Im in a relationship anI know both of them are too (even if they are shitty ones)
That's why i can't workout at home. I used to try to do it but it didn't work for me. Got a gym membership 7 years ago and I've been going 4-7 times per week since then, gotten strong and sexy as hell. Would reccomend
I fucked off all thru highschool. I did graduate in time but barely, I was taking sophomore classes my senior year. Then I went to community college, took a class or two here and there, dropped a class, failed a class, took a semester off,etc. Got my EMT certificate in 2011 so I figured I was done. Never found a job, decided to go back to school taking a class or two here and there. And now in 26, just barely getting my shit together (applying for nursing school next semester when I finish pre reqs) when most of my friends have careers. Most of my classmates are 19-22. I'll be beyond 30 before I graduate. Get your shit together. It's hard but it feels good and it's worth it Edit: I also spent 6 months as an electricians apprentice(sort of.. pre apprentice) before dropping that to continue with school. Sometimes I think dropping that was a mistake. If school isn't for you, look into apprenticeships
Im sure that we're in a big technolpgocal turning point. It's a weird thing to think about though. From my perspective it feels like this moment in time is the end goal for all of history but I know that's not true and just how my human brain works
Or trying to just take to the skies
Five tribes is awesome. There are so many ways to play it which is also what I like about Trajan, so far I've only played Trajan once but Im excited to play again now that I know more how the game works and I can develop a more complete strategy
Controlling the front and rear axles does what? Like you could disengage the rear and go into front wheel drive?
Seriously I love my shakes
I don't know the mechanics of your game but what if archers could be a defensive peice? Obviously this depends on how big/the shape of your map is, but what if you maybe set up the archer in a certain spot, facing a certain direction and if an enemy gets within, I dunno 2 spaces of the archer(but only in front of it) they get taken) or maybe keep the archers similar but it takes them one turn to move and then another turn to shoot?
Between reps? not even sets? Must take you all fucking day
Well it's been a while since I've drank them (but now that Im trying to get from 190-200 I probably should start again) I never followed any exact recipes and im going off memory so things might not be exact but heres one I might do: Blend 1/2cup oats into powder, blend some frozen spinach up (adds nothing to taste, I just do it for nutrients) fill your blender or whatever like halfway up with frozen blueberries (other berries work too) scoop of peanut butter, 1/2 a banana, some olive or coconut oil if you want the extra cal, a scoop or 2 of protein powder(I like vanilla in these type of shakes) then fill the thing up with Coconut/almond/soy/cow milk or water, blend and enjoy. All of that shit isn't necessary, I just always figured the more sources I got my calories from, the more balanced my micronutrients would be. An easy, delicious one is one banana, some peanut butter, chocolate protein powder and ice (or frozen berries if you prefer) then you can supplement it with oats if you want more carbs, oil if you want fat,etc Im gunna go see if I can make a shake and I'll write down here what I used and how many calories it came out to. Edit: apparently the motor to my magic bullet disappeared. No shake for me
No, I think the downvotes were because you said browsing reddit between squats was worse than browsing in bed, the guy called himself lazy for doing it
Just googled sea lions.. they're like the Vaporeon of dogs
I mean. I didn't say that... But I could see how someone might feel that way. That said im about to head to the gym to browse Reddit between sets
I hang meat in the shower every day
Those nightstand lamps are dope, so is the desk
Im an American and im in the same boat as you, never been tested and I've never heard any sexual partner, either long term or spontaneous, discuss this, and I usually do it at least once without a condom.
Roughly how much did your trip cost? Im really trying to save up for a trip to SEA, I probably wouldn't be able to do 7 months and saving while going to school is a little hard, but I really want to go.
Just curious, are your friends super unhealthy? I could picture middleschool aged me saying that as a I play wow and chug soda
Neither am I, but when I have a problem with my car or Motorcycle, its usually pretty easy to figure out what's going on by googling the symptoms that you're having. I then do my research to see what it takes to repair it. If I can find detailed instructions or if it doesn't seem too hard I'll do it myself. Its worth at least seeing if you can do it, then if it's super complicated you call an expert. I even changed a major gasket in my motorcycle last week which required pretty much taking everything (gas tank, carb, exhaust, air box) off, unplugging every hose and wire and then taking half the engine apart and now she runs like a beaut. Take pictures to see what fits where, or a truck my dad told me after I did it, is to use masking tape and a pen or something to label all the parts that go together.
Well do they drive a gasoline powered vehicle? Gasoline is made of dinosaurs and shit. Not vegan. Similarly though, I know a vegan who keeps a fish tank and feeds her fish some weird algae shit which doesn't have fish protein in it
Or the floor is a treadmill that carries you away away from the carousel
Last time I picked a dude up asking for a ride he tried really hard to suck my dick Edit: no nevermind. He picked *me* up
First thing online to make me actually laugh out loud in a while, thank you
Jesus Murphy!
Oooh makes sense
There's an older lady who works out at my gym, she always wears a purple shirt, purple sweater, purple pants, purple socks, purple shoes, has a purple phone in a purple case and a purple keychain with some purple keys and a purple little thing of mace and she has purple hair. I need to tell her about this store
Cool idea. I may copy you on this
Ah thanks. I was wondering how you lugged all that shit around. How easy was it to find camping spots? Im only familiar with camping in the US, but it seems like a great way to get around abroad
That things hot. Did you cut and fold the front? Or just cut it straight off
Some cars, like mine (1997 Jeep Cherokee) have built in readers, I just have to turn the key on and off 3 times, ending in the on position and in a few seconds it'll throw the codes up. They aren't *as* accurate as the professional ones (for instance, I just had 2 identical codes that said "o2 sensor" but at autozone one was said the o2 sensor was sending a bad reading and the other said it had a short circuit)but it's a good way to find a starting place, you have to use Google to find out what the codes mean but I also use Google for everything on my car.
Those don't work if you share your bed though right?
I use the free version. Sell me the paid one
Well duh, it just leaks out your mouth/nose if if you don't plug up
Also though, do the same if youre thinking that someone might put their mouth on your weiner. Just a quick once over if the butthole and the creases around the balls. Nobody wants to smell shit/sweat with a mouthful of your salami hog.
Aw shit. Im not sure leg press would be good if you tore your ACL either. What kind of lower back issus do you have? I used to have bad lower back pain for probably a year or two,I think from deadliftimt with poor form so I took a long break away from it abd then reset back to deadlifting just a plate, but honestly my glutes get more of a burn from deads than from squats
Do you pretty much only sell via eBay?
I will! Also gunna probably swing by goodwill tomorrow and actually research the things I see
What a fuck
I like your bedding what is it?
I wouldn't say huge, isn't she like 5'4?
Awesome thanks! The orange thing you have really pulls it together
Apparently he fucked over Calum somehow
Never heard of it
Ah yeah, thanks
Oh shit we match now! Rear bumper is fucked cuz I backed into a tree. Header panel is cracked, bumper is fucked and bumper mounting spot is bent becaude I rear ended a cop and my rear flares is off cuz I flexed too hard. Jeep is in the shop now but once it's out I want to make it a goal to fix one of those things per week. Edit: nevermind I didn't see that you have body damage:(
Or one of the hoses/lines I disconnected and reconnected in the process. Is it bad for my engine to ride it while it does this? It happens to be that my car is in the shop at the moment so all I have is my bike
Made my first sale today so I'm pretty stoked. ($6 radio transmitter went for $90) but I have to ship it to canada from the us. Most of the options on USPS were $50 and up but I found I think "first class international" thats only $15, why the discrepancy and whats the difference?
I'm definitely looking for a removable battery on my next phone. I live Pretty frugally in most every aspect other than my phone, I remember some YouTube video showing a concept phone where you could change out everything on it pretty much like Legos. I knew it wasn't ever going to come to fruition, but it's a cool idea
Wow that's cool!
I'm just now getting off work in a few minutes. I'll give everything a quick wiggle to see if someyhing obviois comes up. Any idea what in particular I should be looking for? It seems weird to me that it only has problems in the 4-5k rev range.
But the present is strong as fuck and he can open anything
Aw man that ain't gunna work! You'll get there! You just need to make eating and lifting Something that you *have* to do, like brushing your teeth, or going to work
Hardgainers don't exist. But also I may be the minority here, but I'm totally fine with mfp,I don't *have* to click on the articles and I don't have to focus on losing weight. Maybe if you made an all in one lift/routine tracker/log, weight log and calorie tracker that would be pretty cool, especially if you could include graphs so you could see how your calories, lifts, and weight all correlate
Google seems to be the superman of giant companies, maybe they're just now secretive but I never hear about anything shady shit happening with them and they always seem to be a force for good
Shit I really hope I didn't bump the camshaft, That's beyond my skill to mess with. I'll check everything else first
Wow. Thank you for the informative post
Awesome. I'll give that a look
I have a park very close to my house with a pretty good little workout thingy ,it has weighted squats and ohp, pullups, dips, and a buncha other shit. I don't use it because I have a gym membership but I'm gunna start hanging out there, drinking 40s and challenging people who come to a contest of fitness, if they win, I will crown them King of the park by, idk giving them my last 40, but if I win they are never to return
Ah shit I just applied to a federal govt firefighter position and didnt put 2 and 2 together and realize I won't be getting it any time soon
Oh yeah. I live in Tucson, Kfma day is a pretty big thing. If I were you I'd suggest listening to them online like 24/70, they normally have contests for backstage passes/meet and greets and that kinda thing. I'm pretty sure they stream live in Kfma.com
70 days until March 26th ^^^^^^not ^^^^^^really
Like throw it around the tire and drag it? That sounds like a good idea
Yeah. I was thinking that, 200lbs is a lot to try to pull like that,I'll probably tie it to one or both of the jugs and try that
Those drilldos haha
Why is this so big all of the sudden? I saw that episode like a month ago (and it was great)
I've become everything I used to hate. I don't say hashtag outloud, but using tints ironically doesn't work. It WILL become real vocabulary for you.
Oohhhhh. That's how they're related. Thanks
Holy shit yeah I wish my computer didn't die that game was fun. I always got stuck at a certain point though. I'm not much of a gamer but I think I was able to capture the cities (or whatever) but would always get stuck after that. Also the napoleanic wars multiplayer was insanely fun
Congrats! After a few years of not getting hired I said fuck it and am now on my way to nursing school to eventually be on a helicopter
Thats how I feel about the askreddit threads that say "what's the stupidest thing you've ever heard someone say seriously?" Or whatever, and some reply will be like "this fucking dude I work with totally thought that girls were born with penises but they fall off when your parents give you a girl name . Omg what in idiot" motherfuckers don't get sarcasm.
Dude. Don't give yourself the "90 days" to make a "transformation". I really hate the term transformation because it implies that they're done. Just start working out and keep going, you'll get there when you get there, I went from. A scrawny 135lb to 180 decently muscular and decently strong over the last 5 years (progressive could've been better, but life happens). Am I huge? No. But I'm a hell of a lot better than I was. Its a marathon, not a sprint.
Yeah but if I found out a friend of mine had killed someone in the past that may change my opinion of them
fuck me? *FUCK YOU!*
Fuck man I might be right there with you soon
Vic sounds like a rad dude
:( fucking dogs man. They dish out more love and joy in their 15 years than the vast majority of humans do in their 80 years
Seriously it isn't​like the fish give a shit whether they're under a $20 or $300 light
Saw them last weekend(I think, maybe 2 weeks ago) fucking amazing
Fuck I bet meth is amazing
I've done all kinds of stupid shit. All kinds. But I know I've always been a least somewhat intelligent human because I have never huffed wd fucking 40
Fucking gnarly
That would be Walgreens
The fact that people tend to group together on multiple issues has always kinda bothered/fascinated me. Like why do you never hear about the guy who's pro life, pro gun, anti death penatly who participates in BLM marches? But either way the term "pro life" is only referring to ONE issue
Agreed. It's the religious part though, in their eyes aborting a fetus really is murder. Shit, Catholics (I think) are even against birth control because they see that the same way
That is a very good point, thank you for bringing it up instead of just telling me I'm wrong
I only said that as I threw up in an IHOP parking lot at like 1am this past New year
Fucking A I've been asking for heelies for the last 4 years
&gt;Watched it in film class. Weirdest shit I've ever seen. [here](https://youtu.be/NtSgWZbL_kE) [You](https://youtu.be/sXOdn6vLCuU) [Go](https://youtu.be/Ytng2tVcVPY) [Buddy](https://youtu.be/eRvfxWRi6qQ)
I'm not OP, nor am I trying to learn this song but it's pretty rad that you put in this much effort to help out. Thank you
This is dope. If you're looking for more similat shit check out Carry Nation and the Speakeasys, as well as The Native Howl
They're all so handsome too
My genetics suck.i haven't shaved my moustache in like 2 months and you can barely see it when the sun bounces off my face just right. Only thing I can grow would have me looking like shaggy from scooby doo
Oh mean speaking of seriously hot, today it's supposed to be 113°f here and 116 tomorrow. Today is ok because I'm able to be inside all day but tomorrow I start my work week, which is like 50% outdoors
I really like the left side. I'm planning on doing a rescape in a few months (or whenever I have time and gather the shit I wanna gather) and I might go with river rocks like that
I just had my first accident last week.. and I'm totally fine! Just wear your helmet and wear a jacket. My bike unfortunately isn't. The insurance adjuster is going to take a look at it tomorrow, but I'm definitely going to keep riding, Motorcycles are the best
I've always been able to do this without a problem
I really wanna get back on the bulk train but I'm barely starting to get baby abs and also my new work schedule doesn't allow me to lift as much so I'm worried I won't be able to properly utilize the calories
I see grass. Guessing this is Phoenix?
Nice! I just looked up the chords and figure out the strumming pattern. It's a pretty easy song. Just am and e for the verse, chorus is am, c, g, e. He bars the 5th fret for C but all other chords are jyst open. What kind of stuff do you play?
Mostly clawhammer. I'm still more of a guitar player, I take the folky stuff I know on guitar and just translate it. I jam with one buddy but we've figured out over the last 5 years or so that we cannot write our own shit
Your gym sucks
Am nursing student. You'd be surprised how much my classmates don't know about health and nutrition
Fuck man, I used to work in a kitchen and the menu rotated daily, including deserts. I couldn't just skip them because who knows when I would get the chance at that particular treat again? Was great when bulking though
That's my cousin. Nothing has ever been her fault, when she got arrested for meth and shoplifting it wasn't her fault. When she dates gut after gut and they all end badly, it isn't her fault. Shit I used to think she just had terrible taste in guys (she still kinda does) but I've come to realise that most of them aren't the emotionally abusive assholes that she makes them out to be... she is
