Thankyou! Nice to think I wrote something that struck a chord.
What do you mean by 'heard, understand &amp; reject islam'? I've never partiicularly heard it, I've certainly never understood it, and yet neither have I explicitly rejected it. If you just plain don't understand it do you consider that rejecting it?
No. No no no no no.
Largely for historical reasons. Despite the fact that 17th century Europe was heavily religious, it wasn't enough for the Puritans, so a lot of them sailed to the Americas to set up communities where they could be free (if 'free' is the word) to practise Puritanism to their heart's content. For this reason whole swathes of the US were populated by heavily religious communities while Europe emptied of the most fundamental Christians.
&gt; absurdly American centric I'm not American. OK - I'll re-word my sentence: Europe emptied of the most fundamentalist brand of Christianity. Better?
I was trying (perhaps not very well) to say that there are examples where regimes have convinced enough people that a particular group are to blame for the ills in society to be able to persuade them to kill. In the case of the Nazis, the population as a whole elected the Nazis without knowing the full extent of their plans for the Jews (Hitler didn't stand on a platform of instigating a holocaust); it then took only a small percentage of the population to actually put the plans into effect, by which point the larger proportion of the population were powerless to prevent it, were largely not aware of the extent of it, or were more concerned about fighting the war. I would imagine that a lot of the Nazi guards at concentration camps were deeply uncomfortable with sending women and children to their deaths, but were powerless to change things in a regime where any dissent would have meant a similar fate for them.
&gt; who are obligated to practice it whether they believe it or not If they don't believe it, who's doing the obligating?
This is the one thing that I find so completely unfathomable about religion: that those who ardently follow one religion and believe it is true above all else don't look at the millions and billions of people who believe exactly the same thing about a completely different religion and go "Hmm... they're just as convinced that they're right as I am that I'm right. And look - they have a holy book too! Wait a minute: we can't all be right.....?". I don't know how e.g. a Christian can look at a Muslim and feel so utterly certain that the Muslim has it all wrong, but never wonders why the Muslim must also be looking at them thinking the same thing. Surely there's a point at which a rational human being starts to get to *"What if none of us are right and it's all just a guessing game...?"* Someone please tell me - I just can't understand it. How can you look at a billion Hindus in India, or a billions Catholics, or whatever and think "they're *all* wrong but *I'm* right"? You're probably thinking "OK smartarse Atheist, how can you look at billions of religious people and say 'you're all wrong'", only it's simple: I know that in the human body death is an irreversible process meaning that after a certain point a human body does not recover, and the brain that existed inside that body is lost. Which means that *nobody knows what happens to you after you die*. I also know that no-one was around at the beginning of the universe to see it happen, and therefore I don't believe a fucking book written by human beings that purports to explain how the universe began, which means *nobody knows how we got here*. So all the people arguing over who knows what happens after we die and who knows how we got here: no, you don't. No-one does.
&gt; I'll be honest, by the standards I see a lot of atheists claiming, I'm surprised we have any history at all. You say this like there's a very fine line between reality and completely fantastical claims when there plainly isn't. People do not return from the dead. Death is an irreversible process in the human body as has been shown billions of times since the dawn of time. Yet you want to take a couple of eye-witness accounts from the guy's personal fan-club, with shaky, contradictory evidence, and say that proves that something different happens in this case? If you read about a great battle in medieval times in which a famous warrior flew around in the air shooting laser beams from his eyes would you unquestioningly trust that as a valid historical record? You'll have heard the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"? And that's the difference. Imagine a history book quoted Napoleon as having said a particular sentence, which was reported by 2 of his personal guard, would I believe it: it depends on what the sentence was. If it was "Not tonight Josephine" then sure. If it's "I fucking hate the new iPhone 6" then of course not. Yet the evidence cited for both would be the same, so what's the difference? Because one is probable and plausible whereas the other would require him to travel 2 centuries into the future and back again, so is completely implausible. If you can't tell the difference it's because you've decided upon the answer and are trying to manipulate the very thin 'evidence' to make it fit that answer. Try forgetting the answer and using some critical thinking skills to see where you end up instead.
Increasing secularity is based on more people realising they don't need religion, it's not that people are abandoning Christianity looking for another religion to attach themselves to. The decline of Christianity in the West is coming from increased openness and freedom of information coupled with advances in science, which all gradually erode the myths of its teachings. Islam is more ardent about keeping its flock in the faith, but is just as susceptible to those same forces which are undermining all religions, especially in Western socieities where a secular education, access to the internet, and mixing with people from many different faiths (or no faith) all show people a way of life that doesn't rely on their particular religion. Yes, Muslims can bring their children up to be religious but it is very difficult in Western societies to keep those children away from secular influences or the internet or anything that allows them to question their faith. The growth in Islam in Western societies is more down to immigration than anything else. In the UK we have seen Muslims grow as a percentage of the overall population, but it's not because British people are converting to Islam, it's because they are already Muslim when they come to the UK. I can see how Islam might grow as a proportion of religious people, but not as an overall number. I know several Muslims who only identify as such because their parents would be ostracised from their communities if their children weren't being seen to follow the faith. They have no intention of passing it on to their children. &gt; Unless we turn our attention to Islam immediately, we will find an entrenched enemy that is perfectly willing and able to turn our own laws against us, with little we can do to stop it This is just bullshit scaremongering.
&gt; I've got tons of Muslim friends who always go clubbing but don't have a drop of alcohol. There's a difference between going to a club with a load of other people who aren't drinking and going to a club where you're the only one not drinking. I agree in general though - I once went on a Muslim stag do, had a great time.
This is a real blind spot for theists: "this guy said it happened so it must have done". Firstly, anyone can make anything up; the fact that it's written down doesn't make it any more credible than if you heard the words bumbled from the mouth of a crazy person. Secondly, pre-enlightened societies were so utterly credulous that many people could be easily persuaded to believe all kinds of insane things. In societies that have no kind of scientific understanding of the world, where disease, war, famine and pestilence are apt to wipe out you and your family at any point, people latched onto myths in a desperate belief that they could influence their chaotic lives. If Paul was writing in AD40 then years, even decades had passed since these events supposedly happened. Could you recall every conversation you had word-for-word from 20 years ago? He was part of Jesus's personal fan-club, so of course he's going to suggest that Jesus has supernatural powers - why wouldn't you when people are so credulous and desperate for order and hope? Also, all religions have sacred texts, yet you don't believe in all the other thousands of religions of the world. Why do you think your religion's texts are any more valid or reliable or credible than any of the others? If you read Aztec stone tablets that talked about Quetzalcoatl would you treat them with the same credulity that you do Paul's letters? Or would you dismiss them as myths?
I think you replied to the wrong thread there mate.
&gt; I'm sure you'll cherish that day, but it'll also be the day that atheism loses meaning I wish Atheism didn't have to exist. Atheism is a counter-stance. It doesn't stand for anything, it is an absence of belief and it only exists because there are people in this world who create myths to force unwritten rules on societies with no right to do so. It shouldn't have to exist any more than being a-unicornist or a-leprechaunist should. And by the way, you can't prove a negative and I don't have any intention of even trying whatever anyone else thinks. &gt; No gatherings to condemn religion Where are these gatherings to comdemn religion? I've never heard of such a thing. &gt; no more showcase of wit or intelligence Just to prove I'm not here to try to win points for my wit or intelligence, my considered response to that comment is go fuck yourself.
We don't know what happened before the big bang... isn't that enough to be an agnostic instead of a theist?
I could see how followers of all Abrahamic religions might recognise that they're all basically following the same God in a slightly different way. But what about the non-Abrahamic ones - Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Taoists? They number a couple of billion between them don't they?
Don't forget pork crackling, pulled pork, twice-cooked pork belly and pork sausages. Man alive, without them, bacon, sex, alcohol and weed I don't know why life would be worth living. I'm almost jealous of OP about to try all that stuff for the first time.
&gt; The RA is obsessed with and addicted to being right What stupid crap. Are you saying you are happy to be wrong? Will you consider the truth of the fairies at the bottom of my garden? Or do you believe you know the truth of that claim already? Are you denying those fairies exist because you have a fetish for having to be right all the time?
How patronising. I grow tired of people telling atheists that they're atheists for the wrong reasons or because they haven't thought about it enough. There is no 'right' way to be an atheist any more than there's a right way not to watch TV. Once you hold any religion up to even the most basic critical thinking it is obvious that they are man-made. Otherwise why don't you believe in Zeus, or Ra or Odin? Are you disbelieving of them for the right reasons? How deeply did you think about them before you dismissed them? Or were you just brought up in your chosen religion and have never actually examined what you've been taught with a clear, unemotional, free mind? What is it you believe: talking snakes, virgin births, water into wine? Perhaps it's you who needs to think a bit deeper?
Is that supposed to pass as debate?
&gt; How do you know it is true that solipsism is wrong? I'm not sure I necessarily do know that as an irrefutable truth. But, you know, the universe and all that. &gt; There is no fairiology but there is theology The difference being what? Sounds like you're saying that it's just about the number of people that believe it. Otherwise where do you draw the line - Jedis? Flying Spaghetti Monster? Norse Gods? Scientology? There's not exactly a hard line between 'legitimate' religion and outright fantasy or mythology. You can reject something you don't know well if you believe that it is founded on an impossible premise. I wouldn't waste any time thinking about anything a Medium or Clairvoyant told me because I don't believe they can talk to the dead. &gt; my question is, where and why do you draw the line I draw the line at anything that reverse-justifies by claiming to know the answer and working backwards from it. I'd be more than happy to have a theological debate, but I wouldn't bother with someone who claims to know the answer already when I don't believe that there is any way they could. Atheists are not without wonder and imagination - I would love to be clever enough to study the origins of the universe and try to genuinely know how we got here, but I think religion is just a complete distraction.
&gt; You can obey God or you can obey any number of false idols (Baal, money, yourself, etc.) I don't need to worship or obey anyone or anything thanks. I have a responsibility to society as a whole, but that's all. I see no benefit in wasting a load of time giving my servitude to a God who either isn't there or isn't listening.
If the evidence is unobtainable, then why are theists allowed to state with absolute certainty that they're right and atheists are wrong - something they do *all the time*? If you tell me that God created the universe then it falls to you to prove that; if the evidence is, as you rightly say, unobtainable, then why is *any* religious claim valid? &gt; Those tend to be the weakest, and truly identify someone's character in terms of how they think and process information Yeah, anyone who disagrees with you is obviously stupid. Well done you and your towering intellect.
&gt; What kind of evidence would be convincing to an atheist? How about some evidence that prayer works? What if there were observable double-blind tests that demonstrated that e.g. groups of cancer sufferers who prayed were more likely to recover than those who didn't? Of course [those tests *have* happened](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studies_on_intercessory_prayer#The_STEP_project) and proved the opposite. What if our increasing ability to understand our history revealed things that proved that things in the bible actually happened - i.e. a flood covered the entire earth and that animal life can be traced back to a single pair of animals on the ark, or that life was first created 6000 years ago and has never evolved at all? Of course, all evidence points to the contrary meaning that most people now recognise that most religious texts are full of fallacies. What if someone proved that virgin births were possible, or that in some cases people return from the dead? Quite a lot of evidence that they're not. You might say that those are all facets of religion rather than theism, and just because there was no talking snake and virgin birth that doesn't mean there couldn't still be a God, and I'd probably agree. But most religious people claim these as evidence for their God despite a lot of them being disprovable. Even forgetting religion, I still don't see anything that makes me think there's some kind of deity designing or controlling everything.
Mayonnaise - blergh. The more I hate it the more it seems to permeate into every area of life. I've all but given up buying pre-packed sandwiches.
I think atheism is a bit like the anti-smoking lobby. There are people who smoke, and people who don't, and for centuries those that do smoke had it all their own way - most people did, and did so everywhere, right next to you in a restaurant or at the office desk next to yours whether you liked it or not. However, in recent decades the people who don't have finally gained their voice and said 'enough'. Now the smokers are sent outside so that they don't pollute the non-smokers and it's increasingly marginalised. There are nasty warnings on the packs and all advertising and branding is banned (in the UK at least) or highly regulated. I've heard Doctors go completely on the offensive about smokers - because they see the effects of it, then they don't hold back. It's bad for you, and once you're free of it you never want to go back. Lots of people get drawn into it when they were younger because their peers are doing it and then find it hard to break the cycle. Basically society has gone on the offensive against smoking in recent decades because it's one of the worst things you can legally do to yourself. OK, so smoking does you physical harm whereas religion doesn't (I could talk about religious wars, but I won't). But I do think religion destroys free will and represents a massive waste of human capital. I am getting about religion how a non-smoker must have felt a generation ago - the numbers of participants is diminishing but they still get to shove it in my face all too often. If you want to do it fine, just keep it away from me, from my children, and fund it yourself. It's indoctrination and it enslaves people's minds. I used to be a smoker and used to whine about Doctors saying nasty things about what would happen to me - now I've been given up for 10+ years I wish they'd bullied me into it sooner.
Wow, way to not answer the question. &gt; This is almost narcissistic thinking. Just because someone is wrong, does not mean mean that I am right. There can be two people who are both wrong, but basing your assertions on incorrect or faulty evidence could be said to be even more wrong than another. The question I asked was quite simple, but you've totally failed to answer it. Let me try again in more simple terms: you say atheists shouldn't claim to be right based on unobtainable evidence, yet you excuse theists from the same reasoning. Why? &gt; Let's try a simple example: Who is more wrong, the person who has a claim, or the person who has a claim on wrong information/evidence? Your question doesn't even make sense. If someone wants a claim to be believed then it falls to them to provide adequate backing for that claim. Is that difficult for you to understand? &gt; Nope, those who tend to be stupid are stupid. I don't have to have pity for the feeble-minded. Yeah - you're doing such a good job of demonstrating your intellectual superiority here.
Haha - makes me properly laugh out loud when I hear theists say this. Why don't we just be done with it and define God as "the thing you can't disagree with"?
If this life is just a proving ground to see whether you get to heaven or hell, what's the point in heaven or hell?
I see this asked a lot, and it's really not up to atheists to define. That's a bit like the prosecutor in a murder trial asking the jury what they would consider convincing evidence to convict the accused (for which any judge would rightly slap them down). If you're prepared to state a claim you should be able to demonstrate the evidence that supports that claim. If you can't do that then you need to ask yourself why you believe it yourself.
An argument isn't evidence. It's an argument.
I'm going to ignore your particularly patronising tone so that you overlook my 'semi-hysterical', 'nasally voice' and 'little impish snicker' and see if this gets through. What most atheists argue against is religion, as religion is the vehicle by which the concept of God or Gods is brought to people. I do not disagree that by sweeping all of religion aside there could be room for an open debate about the likelihood or otherwise of the existence of some kind of deity; yet religion is a different matter: it makes claims that are rooted in the material world - things that would leave behind evidence and have failed to do so. Had there been a flood that covered the entire earth then there would be evidence to show it. Had mankind been created a mere few thousand years ago then there would be evidence to support this. If people could return from the dead, or people could walk on water, then again we might see observable evidence. But we don't see that - and in fact we see many things that count as solid evidence that demonstrate the opposite. The theist position tends to be one of knowing the answer and working backwards from there. The atheist or agnostic position is one of building a case by which to progress towards an answer. How does one work towards an answer? By looking at the available evidence. No evidence? No progress. Think of it like a court case: you'd be pretty unconvincing as a prosecuting lawyer if you complained about how jurors kept insisting on this annoying little detail called evidence (presumably in their nasally voices in a semi-hysterical tone) before they believed your case. &gt; "yeah, the evidence is this..." and proceed to give an argument for those things ...and there's your problem. An argument is not evidence. It is an argument. Arguments are just stated positions. They can be wrong. If you want to reply, please try doing it without just being rude, or don't bother.
Well, given that most definitions of God that I've heard are logical impossibilities, then you'd probably have to start by proving that logic does not function as I think it does. Why don't you start by defining what you mean by God and then I might be able to come up with evidence that might convince me?
&gt; If you want to argue against religion, that's fine. But that can be done independent of the belief (or unbelief) in a deity. Even a theist could argue against religion, it's more of a sociological question. This is not what this debate is about; the theism debate is about the existence of deity. Well - given that this sub is called DebateReligion then maybe you're in the wrong place. &gt; But that's not how it works, because that's not how determining anything works. Any sort of judgement which involves empirical data also necessarily involves a rational framework in which the data is interpreted, and this means that it all rests on argument Well, no, because arguments are only of any value constructed based on evidence, and that's the difference. I could posit an argument that there is a unicorn living in the forest near my house, but with no evidence it is a crap argument. Whereas if I posit that there is a fox that lives in the forest near my house, and then I could show people its den, its scat, or even the fox itself, then that's a good argument because it's backed by evidence. Surely this isn't hard to understand? &gt; There are some questions which cannot be evaluated in terms of this sort of data (what's typically meant by "evidence"), and those--including the theism question--are entirely dependent on argument There are indeed some questions to which we cannot gather sufficient evidence by which to arrive at an answer - so in that instance the right thing to do isn't to continue to posit arguments based on zero evidence (because hey, no-one can tell you you're wrong, right?), it's to recognise that here is something we cannot currently know and therefore any further arguments are frankly guesswork. Surely you can see that that is not an unreasonable position?
I'm totally with you on this. I'm usually browsing on my laptop at home. Half the time the wife is watching something on telly and/or the kids are streaming some kids show on the ipad in the next room. I don't want video thanks.
I'm not going to pretend there aren't Atheists who are dicks, but shouting someone down or mis-representing their arguments is hardly something unique to Atheists either, is it?
You're agnostic, but you start your text at the top saying "We (Christians)..."? Forgive me for being a little confused? I don't really see how you can be both. Respect for your reading list though.
&gt; But if someone is presented with the truth, how will they accept it if they are not open to the possibility that their previous beliefs could be wrong? Primarily because I don't trust the source. How does a theist know the truth? Nobody knows what happens after we die. Nobody knows what exists outside our known universe or what existed before it, or who/what made it. So I am open-minded, but most 'evidence' I hear doesn't stand up to even the most basic question of all: "how do you know this to be true?"
I spent far too long using alcohol as my reward for getting through a shitty day in a job I hated. The worse my day, the more I drank, and the worse the next day at work would be. Eventually it hit me that I was just numbing myself to make a shitty job more bearable, and just making it even worse. I'm still in that shitty job, but it's a lot more bearable when you feel well and feel in control.
&gt; you're speaking our language As an Englishman, I'd just like to point out that *you're* speaking *our* language.
I'm a Bachelor of Arts, and I'm married.
Yeah, my point was to demonstrate what u/sotonohito said: &gt; Basically the ontological argument is just fiddling around with definitions and thinking that somehow proves anything
&gt; the King's English English people don't speak the King's English and haven't done for some 63 years now.
Yes - spot on. I live near traffic lights on a busy road and hearing some total wanker revving his engine on a bike so loud that it wakes up most of my street at 2am makes me want to go and take a sledgehammer to his shitty bike. It should be treated in the same way as if someone were playing their music loud enough to wake an entire street up.
&gt; I can redefine things in mathematics all I want to equivocate concepts, but it would be a silly argument. Just like it was above when you did it Well, ignoring you just starting to chuck out the childish insults, the *whole fucking point* of what I said was that it was meant to be demonstrably pedantic to reinforce the point to you that anyone can dick around with words to change the meaning of something to suit their own ends. It remains true that I am a Bachelor of Arts yet am married. I could have also said that I went to school with a kid called James Bachelor whose parents were married. Both of those statements are true, and negate what you said. Don't they? &gt; And my definitions aren't ambiguous either No-one in the history of the world has ever uttered a single sentence that was completely unambiguous. You certainly haven't become the first. Let me remind you of where this started: &gt; You can't just sit around diddling with words and claim to have discovered anything real or valid And that is the point, which you seem to be missing. Playing around with words alone never brought a physical thing into existence, so a bunch of theologians cannot debate something into existence. Maths is akin to a language where the words are completely unambiguous, but again, as with language, no-one ever brought a tangible thing into existence by maths alone. Maths creates concepts and models which can point the way towards understanding of the real world, but it doesn't actually cause real things to exist.
&gt; Theres no more reach in allowing religious symbolism and ideology into our lives than in not abolishing all arts because they don't lead to empirical facts There's a massive difference and I think you know that. Art does not require belief to be appreciated - if I painted an imaginary landscape you wouldn't be required to believe that world actually exists before you could appreciate the artwork. Tolkein didn't expect his readers to believe that Middle Earth was real. Yes, religion can bring beneficial aspects to a society - but there is no reason why those things can't happen without having to buy into a man-made fantasy first. Religion brings far more dangerous things, like people believing that unjustifiable actions can be justified by religion, or putting aside logic, reason and evidence when it suits them. Logic, reason and evidence - i.e. the empirical method - doesn't always give us all the answers, and occasionally tells us things we'd rather believe weren't true - but it's the best our human understanding can manage, and that's therefore what we should use to inform our decision-making as a society.
Well, I think a lot of people would disagree with that. I can appreciate things that religion could be said to have had brought about - the Sistine Chapel, Canterbury Cathedral etc - but I don't think a truly impartial observer would ever 'appreciate' a religion in the way they would appreciate a work of artistic value. I've never looked at Islam or Judaism or Taoism or anything like that and gone "Mmmm - nice religion you've got there!" And sorry to brush away any misty-eyed sentiment but Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel because he was being paid to. He did it for cold hard cash, not for the love of religion. So if you're talking about appreciating religion through some of the things that religion is said to have brought into the world, you might as well say you're appreciating money as that's moved people more than any religion.
&gt; You're so smart, much more so than us lowly ~~atheists~~ aethists FTFY
New year, new troll. Nothing to see here, unless of course you fancy a nosey through OP's very revealing comment history.
Rule 3: no low effort posts. It's called "Debate" Religion for a reason.
&gt; If you just don't know the answer, you have no right to assert that I don't know it either That's utter nonsense. You're suggesting that all answers to something unknown are completely equal in value. If you lost your keys and I told that they were swallowed by an invisible alien and transported to another dimension, would you give that equal credence with all other possible answers? Remember, according to you, you don't know where they are so you have no right to assert that I don't know either. You'll presumably be familiar with the line "that which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence"? If you *know* something then you should be able to show proper evidence to support that. If you can't, then you don't know it, you *believe* it, and then others have every right to assert that you don't know it.
Right, but back to my original point: theology is not trying to find the answers to life, the universe and everything, it's aimed at finding explanations within the existing constraints of religions.
Would a court case find the accused guilty because of the possibility of evidence that may arise in the future? Of course not. Do you have any evidence right now? No? Then you can't know right now.
Prove fucking what? You are the one making claims, I am the one telling you you are not able to prove them.
I don't know if you're being wilfully obtuse or you really are hard of thinking, but let's just have another of our regular visits to the [burden of proof definition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophic_burden_of_proof) - and I quote: "When two parties are in a discussion and one asserts a claim that the other disputes, the one who asserts has a burden of proof to justify or substantiate that claim. [1] An argument from ignorance occurs when either a proposition is assumed to be true because it has not yet been proved false or a proposition is assumed to be false because it has not yet been proved true.[2][3] This has the effect of shifting the burden of proof to the person criticizing the proposition". What you are doing is (a) failing to substantiate your theistic claims and then (b) suggesting that my repudiation is, in itself, a counter-claim. It isn't. I am not making any new claim, only criticising yours. I can just picture you in a courtroom pitching your case for the prosecution saying "I put it to you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, that the case for the defense can't prove that I can't prove the guilt of the accused!" to bemused looks from the entire courtroom. Anyway, whether you're being obtuse on purpose or you're just a bit short on thinking, I'm done wasting my time here.
First witnessed in 1374 - good article [here](https://thepsychologist.bps.org.uk/volume-22/edition-7/dancing-plagues-and-mass-hysteria). I remember reading about this years ago, the main suggestion being that it was in the years following the black death which led to an upsurge in religious fervour - also lots of examples of self-flagellation - basically people doing anything they thought would mean God spared them from the plague. Read it in [A Distant Mirror by Barbara Tuchman](http://www.amazon.com/Distant-Mirror-Calamitous-14th-Century/dp/0345349571) which is a fantastic read if you're interested in this sort of thing.
Don't be ridiculous. No evidence exists for there being a God, whereas plenty of evidence exists to demonstrate that theism is man-made and is regularly proved wrong. The point, however, is that atheists are not obliged to monitor and study and evaluate every single theistic claim you decide to make any more than you have to define your position on horoscopes.
There is no absolute right and wrong as the rightness or wrongness of everything depends on personal perspective. It is possible to gain consensus on many things because most people have similar enough views that we can create coherent laws as a society, but there will always be subjects that divide opinion. The words 'right' and 'wrong' are ultimately fairly meaningless, good for teaching children the most basic things in life but too simplistic to define the world we live in where almost nothing or no-one is inherently good or evil, but actually exists somewhere on a scale between those two extremes.
I really don't even know what you're talking about. Atheists *do* think theists are wrong - are you trying to say we're not allowed to let on about that on a sub called DebateanAtheist?
I'm really done with this pointless discussion that's taking us nowhere. You're still sticking to examples full of meaningless premises and pointless distractions that have nothing to do with anything, and adding in a level of condescention with it. It's like a theist finding spelling mistakes in an Atheist argument and triumphally heralding that as some kind of victory. I suppose if you were capable of solid reasoning you wouldn't be a theist in the first place... I'm done here.
Is it? You're pleased your entire essay was halted at the first line?
Yeah, Atheism is fucking boring because it means having to deal with twats like you. Atheism is a counter-stance against religious bullshit that twats like you come out with, and yeah, it's fucking tedious that in the 21st century there even has to be a name for it, as if the rejection of idiotic man-made fairy tales needs to be a thing. Still, however boring it may be, I'd rather be an Atheist than be (a) deluded and (b) a wanker like you.
You're saying your God exists outside logic? Then what use is it to label him anything at all? You might as well just label yourself right and Atheists wrong and be done with it - it'd be just as pointless and meaningless.
So many logical impossibilities to pick on here, but I'm curious about your belief that God is immutable as well as all the omni-s. Where do you stand on evolution? Because I know a lot of theists now recognise evolution. If you don't recognise evolution, then there's no point having a conversation about evidence so we'll stop there. But assuming you do, at least to some extent, then how do you feel about the fact that humans are not what God created? God created single-celled animals and evolution did the rest. He didn't create us in his image, because we evolved from apes. Did God basically hang around for a few billion years until modern-day humans evolved and only then start testing them, or is heaven full of neanderthals and paleolithic man? Or earlier, full of apes and dinosaurs and other animals? If I'm a mouse how can it be heaven if it has cats in it? Did God somehow direct evolution knowing that eventually man would be formed, and if so, how come I can be a dog breeder and I decide to develop a new breed of dog - doesn't that mean I am changing God's immutable world? And if God is so immutable, how does he respond to the ever-evolving life on earth which can be shown to have changed beyond recognition over billions of years?
I can't understand your nonsense, and frankly I won't waste my time trying. But you are definitely a wanker.
TL;DW. Make the effort to actually bring the arguments here, or stop wasting everyone's time.
I can't actually let go of logic and reason for long enough to think how this would even manifest itself. The concept of God is so utterly vague and illogical anyway that I wouldn't even know what 'God exists' actually entails. What, like the Abrahamic God? Meaning that maybe the nut-job creationists were right and everything in the Bible is fact? Meaning that pretty much every discipline of science is therefore broken, that logic and reason no longer applies in this world (given the many paradoxes of being omni-whatever, the problem of evil etc)? Meaning that everything I understood about our reality no longer applies and in effect I've lost my mind. Or is this another random deity we've not previously known of? Is this deity communicating with us and demanding our fealty, and if so - to what end? Are we to await the publication of a brand new holy book, and how will this be sent? How do we know this is a deity and not just an advanced alien civilisation, even perhaps one who seeded life on Earth 4bn years ago as an experiment that they've been watching - would you consider that deistic? Where does this deity exist, outside the universe? How do we know it's there then? How did it create us, on some kind of astral 3d printer with some god software behind it, and then some kind of hyerspace deployment tool to place those beings on Earth - again, destroying any number of laws of physics in the process..? I just think it's all *so* ridiculous that I can't even pretend it could be real.....
Uh... aren't you in the wrong place? If you're looking for reasons to believe there's a God, surely Atheists are the last people you should be asking? Get over to /r/Christianity and try them.
&gt; Christianity teaches that accepting Christ is a choice (whether you believe that or not) It's not a choice at all. I can't put aside critical thinking skills to believe in such obvious fantasy any more than I could choose that 2+2=5. &gt; why should they concern themselves with other people's choices? Because they are capable of empathy like normal human beings? Because if your children 'choose' incorrectly you might struggle to enjoy your eternity in heaven knowing they are burning in eternal torture?
What, so they claim to know my thoughts better than I do myself?
It doesn't exist for me, obviously - but unfortunately not believing in religion and all the crap that comes with it does not mean one is insulated from the effects of the credulous who force their fairy tales on others.
Thankyou, I wouldn't claim I had it forced on me as such. Although I did have a couple of schoolteachers who took issue with my atheism.
Firstly, can you stop with these lines like "have not even bothered" and "decided it's not worth the effort". It is slightly infantile of you to insinuate that atheism is just based on laziness. Secondly - no, no-one has ever presented evidence for a God. They have presented assertions that don't have basis in fact. Can you name any actual evidence of God (not just assertions) that has stood up to any genuine examination? You claim I have not even bothered to examine it before dismissing it; I suggest to you that you have not even bothered to examine it before accepting it.
&gt; I'm not insinuating that about Atheism. I'm STATING it about you Then I'm stating that you're being a bit of a wanker about it. &gt; So evidence has to be based in fact. How much fact? What do you mean, how much fact? Do you understand what a fact is? You seem to be having a lot of difficulty with this concept. I'm still waiting for sight of this evidence you claim exists. You were claiming that, right? So can we see it? Doesn't really count as evidence if we can't, does it?
You're not making any sense now. Are you just spouting random facts as if that somehow shows you know what a fact is? What on earth has Julius Caeser got to do with anything? Why not just admit that you haven't got any of this evidence for God that you claimed to have?
Hahahaha - I love the idiocy of this conversation. You know it's not enough evidence for me? A few posts back you were telling me I was lazy for not studying the evidence and now you're telling me I'm not allowed to see it? Sorry, just run that by me again? Let me try to explain this: if this 'evidence' is personal to you, then it's not evidence, OK? Evidence, by definition, has to be grounded in fact to demonstrate whether a proposition is true or not. If you turned up in a courtroom as a witness for the prosecution and said you had 'a really strong personal emotion' or 'a really vivid dream' that the accused was guilty you'd get laughed out of the place.
Fair enough, maybe it's just a subject I've not had much previous experience of.
&gt; what we need instead is a new concept of God, one that believing in will not cause harm and will solve religious conflict Yeah, we've already got that concept. It's called no God. Totally ticks all those boxes.
There are plenty of parts of the world that have no recognisable government control. The sea, for one - plenty of people live on their boats and barely ever make land. There are thousands of uninhabited islands across the world where no tax collector is going to come looking for you. There are numerous parts of even civilised countries where you can live completely off grid and untouched by civilisation and no-one will ever come and find you. Even within about 30 miles of London you can find [The Principality of Sealand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality_of_Sealand).
&gt; Well, to a theist, obviously God was first This really boils my piss, as it's basically completely dodging all the reasoning that theists attempt to force upon others. How can God be first? From absolutely nothing, anywhere, just *poof* and he's materialised, intact, a complete perfect being? How? From what? How was *absolutely nothing* suddenly able to form a being that could design and build an entire universe? How did God become sentient and omnipotent from absolutely nothing? Where is he at this point? Floating in a void of - what - there isn't even a void to float in? And then: when he was creating the world, where did he get all the atoms from? Did he create atoms, protons, electrons etc first? (No mention of them in Genesis). Given that he's the first thing there on his own then he's got nothing to work with - no material at all. No space in which to put things, nothing. How is God even thinking? Has he developed a brain, from nothing? He's writing all the laws of science first is he? And then what - how is he designing and building these things, from nothing? Some kind of sketch-pad or god software that he's spun out of a non-existent vacuum? He's designing and building these things with no material, no anything? He hasn't even got a pen and paper, because remember, he's the first and only thing there is. He can't see, because there's nothing to see and he hasn't invented light. He can't hear either because there's nothing to hear. According to the Bible he's saying things, but he can't be because he hasn't invented sound waves yet, or language, and I always find it interesting that people seem to know what he was saying at this point when Earth hadn't even been created, never mind people. How do people believe this is *actually* what happened?
It's that theists use lines like "something can't come from nothing", and yet completely fail to acknowledge that that means their God can't either.
Nope, still makes no sense. Something, at some point, had to come from nothing, whether that was God or something else.
You're just doing the usual theist game of pissing around with words as if that will ever prove anything. I don't know, and as you rightly say, nor do you, and nor does anyone else. So why do theists keep insisting that God is the answer?
Suppose so. Just seemed a bit odd, that's all. Felt like I could just copy &amp; paste my responses from those other threads here.
How do you explain that there are doctors who drink alcohol when they know it's bad for them? People are complex and are able to hold multiple positions that conflict with each other at the same time. I love animals and yet I eat meat. I love my wife and yet I'll still let my eye linger on a beautiful girl. I find some of my family members infuriating and yet I love them to bits and would defend them to the hilt. I like to think I oppose privilege but there are probably plenty of examples where I'm a hypocrite about that. Have a go at it yourself - I bet you could easily identify positions you hold that conflict with each other. Scientists who believe in God are doing it for one of any number of reasons: habit, custom, capriciousness, cognitive dissonance, escapism, relaxation, even just for a social life that's built up around the church or to keep from being ostracised by their families - any number of reasons, and probably the same reasons why a doctor would drink alcohol despite knowing it's bad for them. Also bear in mind that most scientists aren't working on things that directly contradict religion on a daily basis, so for most I doubt it's even much of a problem. And, lastly let's not forget: whilst there are *some* scientists who believe in God, there aren't *many*.
For the same reasons no-one else has either?
Troll or wanker? Oh yeah, easy: both.
So what, you can't be hungry until you've learned the word 'hungry'? How does this make any sense to you? Thought comes first, and language evolves from that. You might talk to yourself inside your head, most of us are more capable of having thoughts without needing to articulate them in language. What's this got to do with atheism? Are you going to posit some idiotic creationist idea that God invented all languages of the world, despite the fact that we can see how they have evolved (that darned word again!) from early civilisations?
&gt; 1. Logical: The greater cannot come from the lesser. Really? So according to you, two people can't have three children?
Crawl back under your rock you fucking redneck caricature. You're having a go at another religion and all you're doing is disgracing your own.
&gt; I know many atheists like to pretend there's no shred of evidence for gods and no slightly valid argument, but this is simply willful ignorance. OK - can I see the evidence please? You see, I've heard this line a lot of times, and whenever I then ask to see this evidence it's never forthcoming. So this time please can I actually see this evidence so that we can be sure I'm not being wilfully ignorant? No excuses now, you insist this evidence exists, so let's see it please. &gt; If this was the case, there would be far less theism, especially when you consider how many people out there can be both intelligent/rational and believe in god You're seriously arguing that the sheer number of theists is evidence of god? Would you say that the number of people who read horoscopes is evidence that they must be true as well? Or the number of people who believe in ghosts? &gt; But saying "we just don't believe" is identical to believing the negative: that god does not exist. Your last 3 paragraphs all seem very confused about this, and it's really not hard: it is the difference between believing and knowing. The position most atheists, me included, take is this: I do not believe in god. I do not claim to *know* there is no god, as it is not possible to prove a negative that has such vague definition. However, because I find the absence of evidence of a god to be consistent and compelling, and because it is possible to recognise the influence of mankind in religion, it is my belief that there is no god. To expand further would require a good definition of god - for example I am confident that creationism based on the bible is pure fabrication because there is ample physical evidence here on Earth to disprove it, yet I could never hope to disprove a non-intervening deity who lives outside our reality because it would have no touch-point on my life that could be tested.
Not really, but I'm not really bothered enough about what exact definitions get applied to continue arguing the point.
When are you going to stop with these vague and pointless pseudo-science questions? "Ultimate reality" my arse. More woo peddled by charlatans for the credulous.
OK. I don't actually give that much of a shit about this point whereas you seem to be particularly exercised about it, so I've kind of lost the will to carry on arguing about it.
&gt; I am not making any claim about god's existence. And this is the crux of the issue. The only claim I'm making is concerning the evidence provided by others, and that I find it unconvincing. Very well put. I'd add to that the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"; because many religious claims are amongst the most extraordinary imaginable (looking at you, talking snake) the bar needs to be set high for what would constitute reasonable evidence.
When it comes to arguing with the religious, reason has already failed. The winning move is not to play.
Maybe it was *just meant as a metaphor* :-D
Doesn't need to be geographical. You'd still say Hawaii and Alaska were part of US society wouldn't you? Most divisions between societies is man-made anyway - usually through man-made religions or man-made lines drawn on a map. Personally I believe everyone's connected because everyone has the same basic wants and needs in life, and that's what creates societies and the way they work.
&gt; If God exists his existence is self justified hence the biblical name "I am that I am." And what if he doesn't?
Uh, sorry, got to stop you there, he's higher than meaning too. And you can't question that because he's higher than questions as well.
&gt; I honestly can't say I am sure god exists. How could I? But I think its a possibility and I am willing to test that possibility with my life. After 25 years the experiment seems to be working out. If you think that's wrong or stupid then the burden of proof is on you to say why. Really? You're suggesting that the fact that you're not dead at 25 means it's "working out" for you that God exists? Or what, that you are achieving what you hoped for in life? That is amazing. I'm 41 and have been Atheist all my life. So I'm still alive too, and by pretty much anyone's measures I'm doing well - I have a good job, a wonderful wife and kids, a nice home and so on. Surely that means that by your logic I'm doing better than you as I'm 16 years advanced on where you are - no? See, your logic only works if you can point to how this 'experiment' that is your life would have gone if you hadn't put your faith in God. Do you think you'd be dead now? Are most people who haven't put their faith in God dead now? Or living in some crack den giving blow-jobs for pennies? Are the religious spared death at a young age? This 'experiment' of yours is just an exercise in confirmation bias as if you having survived from one birthday to the next is proof of God, or you - what, getting the job you want? - amounts to proof that God answers your prayers. It's as ridiculous as me saying that me being left-handed is a life-long experiment that's working out for me because I've succeeded in not dying as a result.
Suppose so. I think it's more that they're criticising things done in the name of liberalism that actually aren't, i.e. allowing religions to get away with unpleasant things that they shouldn't because you don't want to criticise a religion. I think they'd say they support liberalism in general, but that the balance between one person's liberty and another is not always correctly applied.
Loads of people would have benefitted. Oral tradition in pre-enlightened societies meant that thousands of people earned their evening meal by telling stories, and the more flourishes the better. Then once a story starts the credulous latch on to it and start to believe it.
&gt; Why isn't theistic evidence ever good enough? I suspect the answers will bring me back to my first point about presuppositions. We're all entering the debate with different standards of evidence. There is no point debating when we can't all agree on what constitutes evidence and what is considered 'enough' evidence. It's not about 'enough' evidence - it's about *any* evidence. What genuinely objective evidence exists anywhere in the universe that points to any god or gods being real? I'll acknolwedge that there are things - how life first began, what came before the universe etc to which no-one has the answer, but that doesn't make it any more likely that your god is the answer any more than the flying spaghetti monster is the answer. Religions are man-made - you can even trace their origins and influences just like you can with languages. This is fact: everyone would acknowledge there are thousands of man-made gods and religions in the world, and yet they can't see that their own religion or their own god are amongst them. There is loads of evidence that religious texts regularly get things wrong and are therefore not the inerrant word of some supreme being. Most theists acknowledge this too; not many people would still cling to the idea that their holy book is 100% accurate. So back to your question: what sort of evidence is good enough: let's start with *anything at all*. Please, seriously - theists keep claiming there is evidence but atheists are somehow blind to it - OK, so what is this evidence? No-one will show me it.
I don't know anything about Paul. Somewhere in the early stage of any religion or cult it moves from people who know they are inventing or embellishing to people who genuinely believe in it. If I genuinely believed in the Christian God I'd not worry too much about what happened to me in this life in favour of saving my soul.
That's easy: everyone needs to earn a living and sometimes people's passions don't earn them enough money to live on or are things they can't pursue as a career for other reasons (e.g. being in a wheelchair but being passionate about football). I'm deeply un-passionate about my job but I've chosen to do it because it earns me ten times what I'd get doing something I'm passionate about.
I don't understand how you can recognise partial truths, grey areas and context and yet have absolute black-and-white certainty in what you believe, particularly when it is so massively contradicted by so much hard fact.
&gt; My point is not to denigrate you, but to point out how many unknowns there are. Unknowns leave gray areas. But that was my point: there are all kinds of unknowns and grey areas and yet you believe 100% in the truth of your religion. What makes you feel like you can be certain of that which has zero empirical evidence when you accept doubt with things that are accepted fact? Sounds to me like you just tell yourself you're 100% certain about your religion because you don't trust yourself not to question a bit too much and realise your faith isn't as strong as you thought.
&gt; There is evidence. This is something else that sort of annoys me. Even 'bad' evidence is still evidence. Theists don't have 'no' evidence. OK - so, trying once again: please can you present it? I keep being told there is evidence, but no-one can actually show it to me.
Depends on the claim. If I say I had eggs for breakfast then there is no reason to discount something so mundane; yet if I claim I have taught my pet cat to fly there is every reason to disbelieve it. This is where theists seem to have a blind spot: the more extraordinary the claim, the greater the level of evidence required. So in some cases (eggs for breakfast) I would accept it unless I knew the person saying so was a pathological liar. Yet if someone tells me something I know to be physically impossble (a flying cat) I would instantly disbelieve it until such time as they provided me with incontrovertible evidence. That's not hard to understand, surely?
Can you define 'religion' here? Because it looks like you're just saying that anything you believe can be labelled a religion. I believe I'll have bacon for breakfast: have I just formed a new religious belief there?
Remain: because the course of human history demonstrates that people working together achieves more than people reinforcing arbitrary man-made divisions.
&gt; So vote for one that will. That's what democracy is about. You say that as if just wanting there to be such a party makes it happen. Even if a 'Science Party' appeared it would just be a wasted vote in our current political system.
The point is that no one party ever matches one person's beliefs exactly. If there were 100 issues that people vote on what are the odds of there being a party that matched your opinion on all 100? What happens if the only parties I believed capable of running the economy well also didn't support science funding?
Where did I say I wanted to take power away from anyone? I'm just saying that your line about 'vote for the party that does support science' is simplistic at best.
&gt; One of my Italian housemates tried to help me get a job with them at the high street store 'H&amp;M' and she was told the they "don't hire British people". That may seem like an outlandish lie but I'm sorry to say that its not. You'll have to take my word for it. I'm not going to take your word for that, because it's bullshit. I've been served in H&amp;M plenty of times by British people. &gt; Also, if you think that this country would be devoid of Italian restrauants if we were not part of the EU then I'm sorry to say that you're wrong. My friend tells me he saw an Italian restaurant in Thailand, would you care to explain that for me? Yeah, because Italians are allowed into Thailand. What you're suggesting will happen is that Italian employers would be allowed in to Britain but Italian employees wouldn't. Again, it's bullshit. &gt; I don't know about Ibiza but I went on a Thomas Cook package holiday with my family when I was young and the rep was native to their own country. Then that one was an exception. I'd say 90% of tour reps for British travel companies are British and most of those don't even speak the local language to any level of proficiency.
&gt; If God does not exist, then the universe must have occurred randomly Please demonstrate how absence of God necessitates a randomly-occurring universe. Otherwise the premise is false and the argument fails. &gt; and as such there is no reason to expect there to be any such uniformity Please demonstrate how randomness necessarily equals non-uniformity. Otherwise the premise is false and the argument fails. &gt; If God exists then it is perfectly plausible that He would create a universe that exhibits such uniformity Please demonstrate how plausibility equals likelihood. Otherwise the premise is false and the argument fails.
You say this like they're mutually exclusive; they're not.
Guns aren't a form of defence, they are only a form of attack. Yes, attack can be one form of defence, but one that always escalates the violence. If people were genuinely interested in defence they would be buying kevlar body armour, not more guns.
My point is that guns are not defence. If you shoot back at someone shooting at you that's not defence, that's attacking them back.
The point is that guns are a form of attack, not defence. Guns don't deflect bullets. If you shoot back at someone you are attacking them back, not defending yourself.
I choose not to live in a society where anyone has a gun. If someone were attacking me with a baseball bat I'd be fucking glad *they* didn't have a gun.
Any self-respecting Brit reads a Murdoch paper. Right. Got it. We could just cut out the middle-men altogether: leave the EU, disband the UK government and just put Murdoch in charge of everything?
If your argument is that ridiculous things must have come from God, does it follow that sensible things must not have?
If your point is just to bring glory to God, why is that a valid cause? Bring glory to God for what purpose? To get yourself a better afterlife? If so, what's the point of the afterlife? What's the point in God? What is God's point in life?
Sorry, that makes no sense. Powerful civilisations are necessarily the most good? You're asking us to imagine something that's never been witnessed - could you even define 'advanced' in terms of what the most advanced civilisation would look like? - and then making a huge logical leap to say co-operation must necessarily be key to that, which is something you've not substantiated at all. And how would that civilisation 'define' a subjective term like goodness? And what has any of that got to do with God? And how, on this cosmic drawing-board in which God creates universes, did the rules granting him this power based on his goodness come to be? Surely nothing gave God power because nothing came before him and nothing defined him? Face it, the Problem of Evil breaks the notion that God is good. If he existed and were purely good he wouldn't allow suffering in the world.
&gt; It's a generic picture of a group of people walking Oh bullshit. You say that like it could just be a snapshot of the local Ramblers association. It is clearly meant to be a picture of *foreigners* (wooo!) - dark skin, headscarves etc - and they are not walking, they are queuing, next to the words 'Breaking Point'. If that isn't propaganda then I'm fucked if I know what is. I'm not for OTT comparisons with the Nazis, but some of the shit Farage does is getting pretty fucking close. That doesn't mean anyone is saying Farage is literally Hitler, but it does bear comparison when his propaganda borrows so heavily from the same language and imagery used by such people in the past. &gt; As they say, I can't even. You guys are why democracy doesn't work. That's just a monumentally twattish thing to say.
So, Mr Big Man-of-the-World, how old are you? How much genuine life experience do you have? Held down jobs, paid a mortgage, run a company, brought up kids, travelled, changed the world, what? What makes you so qualified to patronise the fuck out of anyone who doesn't agree with you? I'm dying to know. You just saying "democracy doesn't work because you lot are wrong" is (a) fucking pointless and (b) fucking brainless. What's irrational is demonising a bunch of people because they live on the other side of a man-made line. You say the poster isn't nazi-like; no-one's talking about actual goose-stepping up and down the high street or making people wear yellow stars on their clothing so stop reacting as if they are. What people are doing is comparing some of the propaganda used in the early stages of Nazism's rise in Germany, and I'm afraid there are parallels there. Anyone who demonises the 'other' in the way Farage does leaves themselves open to those parallels. There's a reason why Johnson/Gove and the more rational outers didn't want to share a platform with him.
But survival and goodness are not synonymous. In the animal kingdom all predators rely on killing other animals to survive - does that make them good for surviving or bad for killing? Not only that, but the thriving of a society in itself can be a bad thing, if it means that e.g. that population outstrips the means of subsistence.
In fairness to the BBC I think they always do that sort of thing i.e. 4 big banners that'll be the top UK news story, top world news story, a top sports story, and then some light-hearted fluff. It's the internet equivalent of the '...and finally' story at the end of the news. *edit to add: I don't even know who Calvin Harris is. Do I win a prize?
The existence or otherwise of something is in no way influenced by whether or not people claim its existence. We know Superman is fictional because we can trace his origins back to literature that talks about his life. Oh wait....
&gt; Nobody can name the commissioners that make the legislation that effects your life without googling it. I've never understood this argument. Can you name the strategist in the Treasury who came up with the current tax regime?
It's not about money for me. I'm voting remain, but because I believe the course of human history is advanced when people work together rather than enforce divisions between themselves. I can recognise failings in the current system but still think it's the right project to pursue. Having little influence and being outvoted is just democracy in action. In a voting bloc of 500m+ people a country with 60m shouldn't expect to have it their own way all the time. Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland have comparatively little influence in the UK yet most Brexiters don't tell Scotland they should go it alone for lack of influence. To my mind if we want more influence in the EU we should be playing our part in it fully, not sitting on the periphery criticising, asking for favourable treatment and threatening to walk out if we don't get it.
It's the suggestion that the UK is perfectly democratic and it's only the EU that lacks demoracy. Between FPTP making millions of British votes effectively worthless, and an unelected second chamber, it seems intellectually dishonest to highlight the democratic failings of the EU whilst ignoring our own.
Yes - I've heard a good analogy which is that of a traditional high street shop if a big new shopping mall gets built up the road; you might not like the rent they charge in the mall, but ultimately if the foot-fall leaves the high street to go to the shopping mall instead then just staying put and pretending it's not happening, or relying on the fact that you used to get enough custom before the mall came along, just isn't sensible. To continue the retail analogy, BHS and Woolworths died because they didn't adapt to the 21st century; it feels to me like this is a crossroads for Britain to decide whether we adapt and thrive or revert to the past and hope the world will go back to how it was.
Fine, I'll go and live in the Bahamas.
Blimey. Although worth noting that's non-EU immigrants who are the drain, not the EU ones.
It's not George Osborne. He signs off the budget, he doesn't write it. There are 1000+ people working in the Treasury, they're not there just to bring him cups of tea and mop his brow as he slaves over the minutiae of every budget.
You think a Boris Johnson government will give a shit what the working classes of the North want? Boris blows in the wind more than any other politician - just look at his support for immigration when London mayor. As long as immigration stacks up financially - and EU immigration certainly does - no government will shoot itself in the foot by turning down that windfall. To borrow a phrase as to what's most important to voters: "It's the economy, stupid".
&gt; No one has a right to food, its a privilege So you're anti-abortion but fine with starvation?
&gt; People today treat sex like it is something as trivial as playing a game of basketball or something Stop projecting your religious hang-ups about sex onto others. Religion has for centuries made sex something shameful and secretive and it just creates all kinds of fucked-up-ness on all kinds of levels. The non-religious amongst us think there's absolutely nothing wrong with sex at all, so keep your own sexual insecurities to yourself. Let's continue the 'driving on the highway' analogy: it's something for which you need to know the rules and understand the risks, it needs to be treated with respect and it shouldn't be done by those too young to understand those rules and the risks. But once those are understood, away you go.
Bear in mind that you can completely hate abortion and yet still be completely in favour of it. My girlfriend had an abortion when she and I were 18, because we were young and dumb and didn't take enough care. I'm not proud of it, it still wonder sometimes how things might have turned out, and it was a really horrible experience to go through at the time. But was it the right decision? Absolutely. We were not fit to be parents at that time. We knew we were never going to stay together forever either - more like just fuck buddies than a couple who would have made good parents together. Was it irresponsible of us? Yeah, sure. Like I say, I'm not proud of it, but that doesn't mean we made the wrong decision. And to people who say she could have gone through with it then given it up for adoption: that's easy to say and so much harder to do in real life. I would always tell people to avoid getting into a situation where an abortion was required, and yet at the same time I would always support people's right to do it, because guess what: 18-year-olds *do* fuck up, and they shouldn't have to carry the burden of such a thing for the rest of their lives.
Ah, sorry, my mistake.
Well, there's always a silver lining.
Honestly, if they do that, I will start to believe that leaving was the right thing despite the fact that I voted to remain; if the leadership of the EU are willing to sacrifice the well-being of its people to support its end-goal then truly they have failed to represent the wishes of those people, and I think there would be a queue of other nations thinking 'fuck this' and following us. The EU badly needs to work out a way of making all its members happy, not sticking blindly to some idealistic blue-print. If members are only staying because of threats then it's already broken.
[We've already got a Washington thanks](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Washington,+Tyne+and+Wear/@54.9032871,-1.7982628,10z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x487e64c8cbe0fc97:0xa8135c37990656ba!8m2!3d54.897432!4d-1.517366)
It really isn't at all, and I say that as a 'remain' voter. You said it yourself: Canada hasn't had to rely on the EU: why would the UK need to? The UK is still a first-world country with a generally good infrastructure, an educated population and a history of being at the forefront of industry, science, technology, engineering etc. The only reason why the UK needs to lose anything as a result of this is if the EU leadership actually decides to disadvantage its own member countries by 'punishing' the UK with high tariffs. And if it does that, then I will then be convinced that leaving the EU was the right thing to do after all and will expect to see other countries suddenly realise that the tail is wagging the dog. Despite me voting remain I see a lot of spin from the remain side suggesting that all things that are good in the world is all thanks to the EU. Since we live in a democracy then there is no reason at all why we cannot vote for a government that will prioritise exactly the same things. I recognise that our overall earning potential is slighly diminished by exiting the EU (why I voted remain), but to suggest that the UK is 'fucked' is just ridiculous.
I didn't mean British people, I meant all the other EU countries. It is still in their interest to have good trading terms with the UK.
I'd have thought that anyone whose response to losing a grip on power is gripping all the harder is ultimately doomed to failure. What the EU leaders should be doing is asking themselves why the UK left and how they'll stop other countries doing the same - and then if they're willing to make changes to keep others happy ask themselves why they weren't willing to compromise with Cameron before the UK left. &gt; so arguably it is in the interests of the population of the EU to make it tough for the UK to leave So effectively the EU is keeping its members through fear of what could happen if they dare to leave? Doesn't sound very healthy to me.
With Labour and the Tories both tearing themselves apart, what are the chances of a pro-Europe bloc forming with Tory left, Labour right and Lib Dems? Given that the Brexit voters would split between old Labour and Tory right/UKIP (who would surely never come together to win) I could see the centrists winning with a mandate to stay in the EU.
&gt; and so did much of Wales Wales didn't - very much voted to leave.
So you'd say the vote in 1975 where the UK chose to join the EU (or EEC as it was then) should still stand then? Or at least it's 1-1 now and we need a decider?
Sorry but that's rubbish. Give me examples where the PLP have been unhappy with him for telling truths?
&gt; They're not going to win the next election anyway (even with no split and another leader). I don't agree. If the Tories appoint Boris and the economy unravels as predicted they will start to look pretty toxic, and I'd expect someone like Hillary Benn or David Miliband to have a good shot at it then - particularly if they managed to attract Lib Dems, Greens and SNP to their cause as well. Personally I think the Labour party needs to split as they can't resolve that balance of principles v power any more.
Any legislation has to pass through parliament, where nearly 500 of the 650 MPs were elected to government on a platform of being in favour of staying in the EU. If it comes down to which is more binding out of a general election and the EU referendum, the GE wins hands down. Which is why we will most likely have another GE.
&gt; If they make it easy to leave the EU they risk the disintegration of the EU which could lead to wars, global depression, etc If EU members only stay out of fear of how they would be treated if they leave then it's already broken. And I say that as a 'remain' voter.
&gt; The rebate we get is given to "hooray henry" farmers who do not need that extra money That's just pathetic. The rebate goes to the most impoverished parts of the country and supports vital industries. Just because you might be able to point to a very small handful of farmers who receive money they don't necessarily need is utterly irrelevant, and you also said 'no ad homs' and then say that. Most farmers struggle to make a living. No payment method from any form of government is ever 100% perfectly targeted. I assume you get equally mobilised about millionaires who receive the state pension? Or is that allowed because it's the UK government that decides that? So £5bn went to the EU last year. Do you know how much the UK economy has lost in the last week alone? It *dwarfs* that. The £5bn is an investment in being part of a group that builds confidence in the UK economy, and you're now seeing what happens when that confidence starts to evaporate. If you think that's not worth something like 0.3% of our annual spending then you can't do maths. &gt; the EU is unelected in important places within the organization. It is dictatorship under a veil of democracy, because the EU's parliament is told what to do by unelectable individuals So is the UK. We have an unelected head of state. We have an unelected upper chamber. First past the post means we have a majority government who received only around 37% of the popular vote. Government departments typically have only one elected figurehead (usually with no prior experience in that field) and are then staffed entirely by unelected civil servants. Governments are elected on promises that they regularly break, which means that our 'democracy' allows politicians to be elected on one platform and then spend 5 years delivering another. If you think all that represents anything better than the EU then you're being purposefully myopic. Furthermore, the EU parliament shouldn't be the same as other governments, because it is not a government in its own right, but a government of governments. Nobody would suggest it's perfect, but to point at it and scream 'undemocratic!' whilst completely ignoring the failings in our own system is laughable. So my apologies, but you've been had by lies and more lies. Don't worry, you've got a long, long time for it to sink in.
A benchmark was set, and was met by the referendum, so as much as I hate to say it, it is the will of the people according to that benchmark. That said, the mood will soon change as the lies are exposed and the economy continues to tank, so we need be ready to re-examine that will once everyone's had chance to see what Brexit really looks like.
He made no promise about what he'd deliver in a coalition.
My view is that Farage and co have had their day in the sun, but the underlying decency of the British people always shines through. It might take 5 years, but we will get back to a stable position politically, socially and financially and when we do we may even be stronger for it. This pro/anti-Europe fracture has been brewing for a long time and now that the dam has finally broken that is potentially the best route to getting back to a united country. It may be that remain voters see that life outside the EU can be fine and we can still live in harmony with migrants and foreigners; it may be that leave voters see what we lose being out of the EU and decide it wasn't so bad after all. But at least we'll know, and then we can bring the country back together. I still hope we can work out a compromise with the EU that people can be happy with. This may also be the point at which the level of political engagement helps us put our own house in order more: I'd love to see proportional representation be one of the outcomes. I worry we could lose Scotland; whoever is PM next needs to ask the Scots to stick with us until we know what the future looks like, and only then consider breaking away again. Either way: this country hasn't just gone all race-hate overnight; 99% of people aren't racist or xenophobic or anything, they just worry for their communities, their culture and stress put on services and housing. Their concerns are legitimate and need to be heard, and now they should be. It is scary when the political landscape changes overnight, but there is no reason to fear.
That's what usually happens here too, but for some reason this time David Cameron decided to stake the entire economy on a coin-toss and lost in an attempt to save his own skin. What's more the defeat was so unexpected that it's not only taken out Cameron, but his main rival for the Tory leadership and looks like the main opposition party is rapidly descending into civil war as well.
The main thing would be to find some new paddles after the last ones were thrown overboard by the Leave campaign.
Bloody Olympians seem to fill 90% of every honours list these days. If you want a knighthood just get good at riding a bike faster than other people, job done. Why the fuck is riding a bike worth a knighthood?
&gt; Atheism requires faith Faith in what?
&gt; For all the retoric of Cobyn being ultra left-wing he isn't. In a poor attempt to deflect that charge from the media he's trying to be a reasonable and put forward toryish policies Policies don't get headlines. Corbyn is considered ultra left-wing for a number of reasons - mainly the company he keeps and his voting history as an MP, but also in the way that the current Labour party seems determined to paint Blair as some kind of monster and destroy any of his lingering influence on the party. Let's face it, when the Shadow Chancellor is waving Mao's Little Red Book in the Commons you can't really blame the media for everything. I also think this idea that Corbyn's policies themselves are more popular is kinda nonsense too - if you ask a simple question in isolation and out of context - e.g. "Should we spend more money on the NHS?" then obviously most people will say yes - but when you look at a set of policies as a whole and every one of them will cost more money and will rely on endless borrowing that's when people will change their minds.
&gt; YOU can't even begin to predict what's gonna happen and when Which is, in itself, a problem, no?
&gt; people seems to like Jacob Rees-Mogg Really? I have always been of the exact opposite view. He's a complete anachronism, born a century or two too late.
Sometimes the best thing isn't to step in to fix a failing situation, it's to step back and let everyone see it failing. Otherwise those who caused the failure evade being accountable for their failure and are free to continue making the same bad decisions that led to it in the first place. If you let the failure become completely evident and the pain caused by it be felt then everyone will concentrate on ensuring it is properly resolved, doesn't happen again, and that the people who caused the original failure are held to account.
I live in Norwich South - Greens are a pretty strong force here too, but given that Norwich went 'Remain' then I can see the Lib Dems getting back in again. I like Clive Lewis as a bloke and voted for him last time but won't be next time as long as he continues to back Corbyn.
&gt; try to expand your thoughts a little outside of this circle-jerk of a subreddit. Sorry, stopped reading there.
When I'm literally right in the process of actively engaging with someone who disagrees with me and that person accuses me of not expanding my thoughts outside my own worldview, then believe me, I do know.
The very fact that anyone thinks it's good that half the country are 'winning' while others are 'losing' should be enough to make any sane person angry.
No, only to people who think 'winning' when running a country involves celebrating the anger and disillusionment of half the population as long as they get what they want.
If you insist on a policy of re-patriating EU nationals away from the UK then that has the inevitable consequence of making other EU nations do the same to British people. It's childish not to accept the consequences of your actions.
But that information isn't available to anyone who might stand against them in their constituency so that's not a valid use of it and should be prohibited. And then when you start to consider that a sitting MP might have access to the browser history of all their future competitors it gets a whole level more sinister.....
How do we know that the government won't use the information to discredit their opponents? Let's say you were the incumbent MP in a constituency and you got a whisper from one of your party colleagues that your main opponent had some kind of porn fetish? Do you honestly reckon they would never find a way to leak that, and how would that not be considered compromising democracy?
Skill.
OK, that's your opinion. Doesn't seem to be striking a chord with the electorate though.
Norway is proof that you can be outside the EU but inside the single market. The referendum asked only about leaving the EU, not about leaving the single market. Those two statements are 100% fact, you can so stop trying to spin some kind of narrative that claims otherwise.
Bad news: fast-forward a couple of years and it'll start with a 3 again.
Are you ever not condescending?
&gt; The single market is intrinsic to membership of the EU Once again: Norway. Stop avoiding it.
I've done a lot of hiring, and believe me if you leave it open for anyone to be able to apply easily you get hundreds, if not thousands, of speculative spammers. You have to be able to (i) weed out the spammers and (ii) get answers to the questions *you* want to know, not the things that candidates want to tell you. I see loads of CVs that are mostly personal statements of no value ("I am a team player", "I have a strong work ethic", "I believe in the power of technology" etc) but e.g. don't tell me how long they worked at the only job with any relevant experience. If you ask specific questions via something like an application form then firstly you get to ensure that the only applicants are those actually prepared to spend an hour of their life working towards getting this job, and then also be able to ask specific questions by which to make clear comparisons, rather than rely on the utter randomness of people's CVs.
So really what you're suggesting is just something that enters a few bits of standardised personal information? Doesn't really seem worth the effort. I'd say 95% of what I want to know is specific to the job I'm advertising, and I'd be absolutely against anything that tried to standardise all fields for job experience or something like that.
&gt; Since leave won the referendum, they dictate the terms That's entirely not how life works. A tiny margin of victory should never mean winner-takes-all, that's just idiotic (Treaty of Versailles as one fine example?), and furthermore at the next general election all the parties will make their plans clear and we get to vote for who we want who will then potentially have a new mandate to do what they like. &gt; Whatever the majority of leave voters wanted, be that 50%+1 of the voters or 100%-1 is legitimate What they wanted was to leave the EU. What you are now doing is trying to take that a stage further by including the single market in that, which the referendum entirely did not say. True or false: Boris Johnson said in the run-up to the referendum that it would be possible to leave the EU but remain in the single market? &gt; Everyone knows by this point from the consistent polling done that the majority of leave voters voted for control - sovereignty, control of our borders, control of our waters etc Oh, so we trust polls now? We implement the biggest change to this nation's future in a generation based on the ever-reliable polls? That's your answer? FFS. Face it: the referendum was a big, big fuck-up that tried to boil down the most complicated possible process into a one-word answer. The very fact that you're desperately trying to write your own version of history based on what *you* want just shows the endless ambiguity to it. You can't tell me that 97% of Leave voters wanted to leave the single market as well as the EU, because it wasn't stated and polls are inconsistent and unreliable and reveal only that most people who voted leave have different views of what they were voting for. It wasn't in the referendum, therefore Cameron fucked it up by not asking the right question, the leave campaign fucked it up by not being able to give a consistent answer as to what a leave vote actually meant - although I 100% believe the leave campaigns actually embraced the ambiguity knowing that anyone could assume it meant anything other than what came before and they wouldn't be held account to deliver on it. What a fucking mess.
&gt; Democracy already is winner takes all. Wrong, because of parliamentary process. A government is elected on a mandate but they still have to get every piece of new legislation passed through parliament. If they have a majority of one in the house then they need every single one of their MPs to vote it in. Even if that happens, 5 years later there's another general election and the opportunity exists to undo what was done. &gt; Only 51% of leave voters have to wish to leave the single market for it to be a valid choice Incorrect, because 51% of 51% is &lt;26% overall, and that's obviously significantly lower than the remain vote. So what actually happened was that the referendum *did not specify what a leave vote meant*, which effectively meant the vote came down to "current status quo" versus "anything you can dream up". It was a big fuck-up because still now *nobody can articulate exactly what it was that people voted for*. It's a fucking mess.
Information that is always the same - such as what? Name, address, date of birth - but then what? I don't want to just receive answers to specific pre-ordained questions, I want to be able to ask my own questions.
Oh, whatever. Looks like Theresa May now also thinks the way you do, so fuck it, what's the point any more.
Don't you find all this queuing up to stick a tongue up Trump's arse to be a little nauseating? Where's the UK independence in that? Sounds more like the Sucking up to the US party to me.
I have un-friended at least 3 people for their over-sharing of Momentum-styled crap on Facebook.
Why does he have to choose either? He doesn't.
I agree with a lot of that. I think what Farron right now is doing is more like putting clear water between him and Labour, knowing that if he can get disaffected former Labour voters voting Lib Dem instead there's a chance of overtaking Labour and UKIP in the polls. If we get close to the election and LDs are still only polling around 10% then Farron needs to start picking his alliances, but at the moment I think he's seeing it that there are many millions of disaffected voters cut loose from Labour and he's currently most interested in getting them interested in voting Lib Dem. To be honest if Farron can't capitalise on this then perhaps he's not the right man for the job. Between disaffected Blairites, disaffected Remain voters, the Europhile/left-wing of the Tory party there's potentially a massive voting bloc there - imagine if you could draw in potential SNP/Green support as well - and for me it'd just take one strong leader, whoever that may be - the equivalent of Blair in 97 - to come in and make it happen - and then the Tories would suddenly face a genuine threat to what otherwise looks like a guaranteed election win in 2020.
That we don't just blindly stumble into something permanently damaging for our country?
Correct, and guess what - irrespective of any referendum my voice and my vote still count exactly the same as everyone else's. Those who 'won' the referendum seem to think that we are now on an irreversible course: we're not. Theresa May's will to drive through the hardest, shittiest Brexit that turns us into a tax-dodgers' paradise will last exactly as long as people are willing to support it; at present there is little decent opposition which is allowing her to rail-road through things that nobody asked for. It's no good just saying a vote to leave the EU is more or less the same as a vote to leave the single market: that question wasn't asked, so there is no mandate for it, and we don't make government policy by going "well, the people asked for this, but what we think they *really* meant was actually that so we're going to rail-road that through instead". May is outright lying saying that a vote to leave the EU always meant a vote to leave the single market - there are ample quotes from leave campaigners contradicting this. So many shitty things now coming our way: all these countries queuing up for trade deals with the UK know, just like Nissan did, that the UK are in a desperately weak negotiating position: they want to make deals precisely because they hold all the cards and we are going to have to properly bend over. Can you imagine Theresa May driving a hard bargain with Trump? She can't, because she can't be seen not to get some sort of deal, so she'll have to take whatever is offered, which is going to be a good deal for the US and a shit one for the UK. Power-sharing in Northern Ireland is under threat once again, Scottish independence back on the table, food prices are rising. Theresa May trying to talk tough but having to add the veiled threat of the UK becoming an offshore tax haven: how the fuck does *anyone* think that is a good way to take our country? Stop article 50? Maybe not. Stop us leaving the EU? Maybe not. But there will be a second referendum, and a third, and a fourth: they're called general elections and every one will be a fresh mandate for whoever is in power at the end of it. And for all the time that we are continuing down this backwards, insular route that will weaken us as a nation and turn us into a pariah state loathed by our neighbours, desperately begging for trade deals just when we are at our weakest - for all that time I will call out that it's a shit idea, a fucking stupid idea that was taken based on lies, misinformation and an impotent rage that was entirely misplaced. The EU has, for several decades, just become an easy blame sponge for lazy tabloid journalists and politicians all too ready to invent bullshit to blame others for their own failings. Christ I hate what this country is turning into - and no, before anyone says it I won't fuck off and live in another country, because this is my country and I will keep fighting to stop others turning it into some insular tax haven where only money talks and the only foreigners we like are the Saudi billionaires and Russian gangsters buying up all of central London. Who are we going to blame then?
Who's belittling our country? I'm not. I'm as patriotic as any leave voter, I just happen to understand the world of business and negotiation and know a weak position when I see one. Do you not think it at all suspicious and prescient that the negotiations that happened between Nissan and the government were kept secret? Why do you think that was, because Nissan caved in to the government's amazing position of strength? Don't be daft. As for 'wanting repeated referendums until you get the result you want': well yeah; when a government does something you don't like, do you just shrug and say "nothing I can do", or do you consider how you might exercise your democratic right to change the views of the people and therefore the government? I want to persuade enough people that the leave vote was a shit idea so that at the next opportunity to give the government a mandate it's a different one. Entirely my right, as is free speech on the subject.
&gt; Every leader on both sides of the debate made it clear that a vote to leave the EU was a vote to leave the single market That's just a massive myth that's being peddled in an attempt to re-write history in a more convenient way for those who have to now implement this shambles. Read [this](http://anotherangryvoice.blogspot.co.uk/2017/01/theresa-may-just-told-enormous-lie.html) for a comprehensive set of quotes that show it's just utter bollocks. Or [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/eu-referendum-boris-johnson-brexit-support-single-market-leave-european-union-video-a7089991.html) if you prefer. &gt; That is like voting for a party and then saying they have no mandate to enact the manifesto pledges they made. No, a better parallel would be if a government got a mandate to reintroduce the death penalty and then decided that this would mean public crucifictions every weekend in city centres. They are taking a very marginal outcome on a massively non-specific single-word answer and using it as a mandate to drive through whatever they like with impunity. It's a farce, and ten years from now we will be having a Chilcot-style enquiry into how parliamentary process was so completely sidelined by such opportunistic chancers.
What the remain campaign were doing was saying "there is a danger that voting leave will end up meaning we have to leave the single market as well" - why do you think they would have to say that, if not to counter that there were members of the Leave campaign suggesting it would be possible to leave the EU but remain in the single market? Anyway, I thought everything the remain side said was 'project fear'? The fact of it is, the leave campaign *didn't really specify either way* because they knew that their best bet was always letting people believe whatever fantasy they wanted. They didn't say for certain that it would mean leaving the single market as they knew that people might then fear not getting the real change they wanted; they didn't say they necessarily would leave the single market as they didn't want to put off the more risk-averse leave voters. So they just made vague, unsubstantiated appeals to emotion that promised whatever anyone believed they wanted. Boris Johnson's ever-changing position is a perfect example of this - some kind of Schrodingers Opinion, capable of being both leave and remain and hard and soft Brexit all at once until you open the box to reveal what you voted for.
I've said this already: the Remain campaign talked about the dangers of a hard Brexit because they wanted people to be aware that a Leave vote might mean the full driving-off-a-cliff scenario. 'Project Fear', remember? The Leave campaigns didn't state clearly what anyone was voting for. That's the point. When asked most Leave campaigners just trotted out the weak line about "that'll be up to us when we take back control" - only here we are, and apparently *it's not up to us at all*: a tiny majority for the Leave vote and a tiny majority for the Tories in the Commons and yet they're rail-roading through a hard Brexit with no mandate at all to do so. I don't know whether to despair more at this or at the total absence of a credible opposition who should be ripping the government to shreds on a daily basis over it.
I'd have thought it less that Brexit would be a success in itself, but that Brexit becomes a trigger for a crisis in the EU, whether it's financial or other countries also looking to leave as well, meaning that everyone starts to think they're better off out of it.
I was thinking more about the Leave campaigns in general than May specifically - but they all led us to this point.
&gt; Both sides lied - so there is no moral high ground argument Not really - 'remain' was just a vote for the status quo, whereas the Leave campaigns could promise all things to everyone with impunity. Hardly surprising that leading Leave campaigners all fucked off within a few days of the Leave vote. &gt; she isn't pushing through anything Well, she was trying to until the Supreme Court intervened. &gt; she is following the manifesto commitment her party were elected on She's taking 'leave' and extrapolating out to things that nobody voted for and therefore don't have a mandate. It's all well and good people saying "well it's more or less the same thing" - nobody has ever voted for hard Brexit. &gt; letting parliament decide whether we leave or not I'd like to think our MPs would vote based on their conscience since most of them were initially elected to parliament on a pro-Remain platform. Some hope though.
&gt; What is it with you not getting the point? Well, your point seemed to be that May couldn't have any future blame attached to her for screwing up Brexit in the way that Tony Blair did for screwing up Iraq.... so in that context, when Blair got parliament to vote for Iraq then the Brexit vote in Parliament doesn't really absolve her. You said Iraq was based on lies, I say the Leave vote was based on lies. You say she wasn't pushing anything through, I say she was trying to until the Supreme Court intervened. So back to your original point: if Blair can be pilloried for Iraq when that turned sour then May undoubtedly can be for Brexit if that does the same.
Clive Lewis? Dan Jarvis? Depends what you mean by 'do better' - if you mean 'be more electable', just about anyone. If you 'get more votes from the membership', then probably no-one, and that's the problem. Legitimate question: who could replace him and do worse?
It is regularly the case that the simplest course of action is not the best. If some drunk in a pub starts taking a swing at me because I spilt his pint, the most effective way to stop him would be to pull a gun and shoot him in the head. Yet presumably you wouldn't advocate that?
This is incomprehensible.
&gt; They are pro immigration and the majority of the country is demonstrably not. Well arguably you'd say 52% of the country is anti-immigration. Any party that could hoover up a chunk of the remaining 48% could be a serious contender. And let's not forget, a lot of Leave voters claim their vote wasn't about immigration. &gt; They are pro relaxing drugs legislation but the majority of the country is ageing and socially conservative If it's the ageing ones then they won't be around much longer then. I'm 42 and I don't know anyone who would lose any sleep if weed was decriminalised.
Ah, but although it said nothing about it in the referendum, we all *know* that a leave vote actually meant a vote to shaft certain industries when it becomes politically expedient to do so.
Show me any party for which that analogy doesn't work.
&gt; supports policies that will inevitably lead to more and more attacks Explain please because that makes zero sense.
Of course I am. Judging by other comments I'm far from being alone in not knowing what the fuck you are on about.
Maybe she felt so assured of victory she didn't bother to stay up watching the results and just assumed that she got a big majority, and no-one at CCHQ has got the balls to break it to her?
I dunno, I think that could really kill the Tories like Trump is doing for the Republicans in the US.
Yeah, all fair points. I myself thought Corbyn was a joke until recently but in this election campaign he seemed utterly transformed. Boris I still think is just a bit too much history of being part-maverick part-clown to be taken seriously as PM, and I think some of the reaction from other countries to him being Foreign Secretary have shown that. &gt; Bottom line is, ANYONE BUT THERESA Well, on that I think we can all agree.
Restaurant called "Just Lobsters" where I live. The menu included steaks, burgers, chicken and all kinds of other seafood, but for some reason they decided to call it "Just Lobsters". Shut down recently, can't think why...
Firstly, because Corbyn isn't far-left at all. Secondly, because the alternative is the Tories who have dropped any pretence of representing the centre ground.
&gt; Is May a Labour plant? I've actually started to wonder whether she's trying to sabotage hard Brexit by proposing the hardest Brexit and then failing to secure the mandate for it, forcing the country to step away from hard Brexit. I mean look at it right, she's 20% ahead in the polls then suddenly she produces the worst manifesto in history, she attacks pensioners, suggest you'll lose your house if you get dementia, she touts bringing back fox-hunting, she promises to destroy human rights, she refuses to talk to the electorate either in person or on TV, and all this on top of cutting police numbers ahead of terror attacks, wiping out the NHS and making teachers beg for funding..... Now, rather than adopt any pragmatism or humility she's trying to plough on regardless with a bunch of toxic nutters and threatening the Good Friday Agreement to boot. I mean, surely nobody is that incompetent by accident? I suspect as a former Remainer she looked at the massive self-harm of Brexit and resolved to undo it by massively allying herself to hard Brexit and then doing *such* a bad job of it that it'd be destroyed from within.
&gt; I imagine you'll be treated better than eurosceptics were for the last 40-odd years Did I miss some kind of punishment beatings or state-sponsored disappearances or something?
Lesser of two evils. I voted Labour because there was just no point voting LibDem in my constituency. Tories might push this line about both major parties pushing for hard Brexit, but I voted Labour because at least I feel like they're trying to arrange for there to be a mattress at the bottom of the cliff we're about to launch ourselves off.
Soft Brexit rather than Hard Brexit would be one way to compromise.
I keep hearing this line - there's not an appetite for another election - yet I just don't get that. People are so traumatised by the idea of a bit more campaigning and having to drag their arses back to a polling station that they'd rather we had a lame duck government propped up by questionable people trying to negotiate the biggest issue of our times with no mandate? Personally I'd like to see Theresa May resign, Brexit talks put on hold (revoke A50 for now if needs be), new Tory leader and another general election 3 months from now with a clearer choice and some absolute clarity on Brexit positions as part of that. Many things will change: SNP have dropped the idea of IndyRef2, Corbyn is suddenly electable and has a united party, Tories will have a new leader, and we might even get a proper understanding of who would promise what around Brexit, and hopefully we'd finally get to a position where we weren't trying to define our future with a mortally wounded leader trying to limp her way through it before being put out of her misery.
We need to stop this, it's fucking madness. There is clearly no "will of the people" for this hard Brexit, and there's no mandate for this government to speak for the nation in Brexit talks. One of the comments on that article has the best idea: move us quickly and simply to a Norway model so that we have fulfilled the brief of the referendum and left the EU. We then take a collective breath and decide where to go next with rational discourse and time on our side and using parliamentary democracy rather than stupid short-sighted referenda. A minority government driving us into a deal that the majority of people don't want is just lunacy.
"There's no smoke without fire" when used to justify unsubstantiated rumour being treated as fact. Yes, there is no smoke without fire, but people regularly repeat baseless accusations about others. Claiming that this means there must have therefore been a grain of truth to them is bullshit.
It's hunting with dogs that's banned rather than the specifics of the type of animal you're hunting. Everyone even gets that fox numbers need to be controlled, it's just that whereas most people would rather it was done humanely there is a small percentage of upper-class twits who will always claim it's their god-given right to ride around on horses with packs of dogs so that foxes get chased down and ripped apart.
It's not about how fast the fire crews turned up or even how many firemen were available, it's that years of ignoring safety warnings and failing to impose building regulations that would have prevented this allowed the fire to get out of control in the first place. It should never be possible for fire to spread in the way it did; the failures were already evident before 999 was called. This, frankly, is down to this bullshit attitude that's prevailed amongst right-wing shitrages that Health &amp; Safety is only a bad thing that a nanny state would ever bother with. The Daily Mail is currently being super-hyporitical with its "How could this happen?" type headlines when for years they've been opposed to all forms of H&amp;S legislation, and they can't mentally separate the idea that H&amp;S isn't about wrapping kids in cotton wool so they can't go on school trips any more so much as making sure that dozens of people don't burn to death in a horrific inferno.
&gt; It wouldn't be fair to just disregard that opinion for being dumb. The main problem is that nobody ever actually spelt out what 'Leave' meant, so now we have a load of guesswork going on, and that's why Theresa May was desperate for some kind of huge mandate just to do whatever she wanted. The referendum might as well have given a mandate to "do something different" it was so vague. Now, we could leave the EU but remain in the single market and the customs union and we'd have fulfilled the brief of the referendum but in reality nothing would really have changed. Lots of people are claiming that immigration is the biggest issue, and yet a high percentage of leave voters will also absolutely refuse any suggestion that dislike of foreigners played any part in their vote. Now we really are looking at a massive act of national self-harm just because nobody dares to question the sanity of it all, and despite the election clearly removing May's mandate she's still not showing any signs that she's listening.....
So hopeless, you Tories.
Christ I don't. This whole mess is his doing in the first place - calling the election for the good of his career which opened the door to the grievous self-harm that is Brexit, which has now opened massive fault lines through every party and the UK as a whole. If he'd done a better job of setting up the referendum considering the chance that Leave might win then we wouldn't be in this massive mess now. Referenda are always a bad idea as they totally subvert democracy for years if not decades afterwards, and it's all Cameron's fault.
This is the same kind of idiotic comparison that the Mail often likes to indulge in. They have no concept of the EU being an investment, only a cost, so once you're determined to push that ideology you can claim that literally anything under-funded in the whole of the UK is down to that cost. It's a massive, massive, shitrag and I really hope it dies soon.
It baffles me, this. If suddenly there aren't enough cabbage pickers, then we have to pay more to get people to pick our cabbages. The Great British workers picking those cabbages get 20% more wages - great! And yet the cost of cabbages has to go up 20%. And suddenly people don't want British cabbages because they're 20% more expensive, the farmers go out of business and nobody has a job on their farm any more. The Eastern Europeans who used to pick British cabbages now go elsewhere to pick cabbages, and we buy our cabbages from that country instead of the UK. The UK cabbage industry is in major decline until it disappears. Brilliant, well done us. Have I missed something brilliant about this?
I dunno, I almost have more respect for that than the other extreme which is "We'll be better off when we take back our £350m a week. Wait, what, that was actually bullshit? Oh, in that case I wish I hadn't voted Leave".
And they mostly don't live in Lincolnshire either.
Thank you!
Oh, it doesn't, it's actually worse. We waste money prioritising overseas recruitment over training our own, and yet now we have also set ourselves on a path that will make it harder to recruit from overseas and the UK a less desirable place to come. So it's a great double-whammy, limiting the supply of foreign nurses whilst also limiting the ability to train our own nurses.
Ignoring your condescension thanks. You said over one in two voted leave. That's factually inaccurate.
We don't even have gate-posts, just fence on one side and hedge on the other - would probably end up being a big piece of work!
There are just under 70m people in the UK. Just over one in two people would therefore be 35m. You said that number voted Leave; I said they didn't, and the number that voted Leave was actually 17m. Where's this fake fact you're claiming? You were wrong, you got called out on it. Might as well shush now.
No, they tend to notice just after they've gone past our driveway so tend to reverse into our driveway.
It's not 'small potatoes' when we're taking money from the most disadvantaged people in society. Amazing how £1bn suddenly just appears when you need it.
If you can't tell the difference between someone standing in an election on a platform to use public money to benefit the country versus someone who promises austerity until it suits their own political ends after the election to find a spare £1bn, then economic theory is not going to help you.
Not sure about the Dauphinoise potatoes either.
For me it only be that by making pigs in blankets an everyday thing you lessen the awesomeness of your Christmas dinner. There need to be things on your Christmas dinner plate that you are not allowed to have the rest of the year!
And many more Leave voters now don't.
&gt; The government sent out a leaflet to every dwelling which said that the result would be upheld by the government Was that the government that failed to win a majority? That one? What does that tell us people want?
Well, I would certainly agree that all those MPs who originally supported Remain but are now meekly falling into line as we drive the bus over the cliff should be ashamed of themselves.
This makes no sense as a starting point for a debate. You're basically asking someone to create a premise for you to argue before you'll decide whether it's the right premise.
The economics is just the most obvious one. What about things like sharing of intelligence whether that's policing, studying abroad, research projects, Euratom? What about the practical values of removing borders so that people don't have to wait in lengthy queues for customs or passport control as they travel across Europe? What about the fact that the history of human progress shows that retreating into your own borders and emphasising your differences always becomes a barrier to progress whereas building bridges and working with others does the opposite. Saying the remain camp is "so focused on economics" is just daft. It's like saying the reason I don't just walk out on my job when I have a bad day is just "focused on economics" - yeah, people have to make a living and if you're going to wilfully impoverish yourself there needs to be a good reason for that. None of us can see what that good reason is. It's baseless emotional pleas to things like sovereignty, when in fact saying the EU limits sovereignty is like saying having a job makes you a slave and the right thing to do is quit your job to 'take back control'.
Another Express headline that doesn't in any way fit the detail of the article. Asked for his response to someone saying the party whip should be removed from him he declines to get into pointless arguments with special interest groups who want to deny him his right to express his opinions. It's nothing to do with the strength or otherwise of his anti-Brexit stance, yet the headline would have you believe it was. Classic distract and deflect techniques from the Express.
Fine - but again, it's perfectly rational to disagree with both austerity and Brexit since they are both contributing factors.
Mate, you've answered your own question - you've just been dumped because of your drinking and yet you can't think of reasons not to drink? How will alcohol make the situation any better? From here you can numb yourself with alcohol which just makes the situation worse and creates bigger problems for the future, or you can start today to become the person you want to be. Who knows, maybe if you clean yourself up she will want to be with you again? I won't drink today because then my problems will be smaller tomorrow than they are today. If you drink today your problems will be bigger tomorrow and you'll just face the same dilemma as today but from a worse starting point.
&gt; And so any pro brexit news is met with hatred. Unlike your own stance which is clearly balanced and well-thought-out.
&gt; see how they benefited from WW2 What, by hoarding Nazi gold and other treasures that they stole from the people they killed? Some aspiration that mate.
Speak for yourself mate. My view would be that the Eurosceptics made all the noise because they weren't getting their own way. I believe that the pro-EU support is now starting to make its voice heard. Give it 10 years of wage stagnation and the economic benefits won't look so easy to dismiss as some think they are now.
&gt; You don’t just get to dismiss this portion and go ‘well I think it’s a shit idea so we’re not going to do that’. Hang on, the vote was barely 50-50. Comments like this make it sound like Remain voters are trying to stage a military coup or something. The fact of it is that the referendum was atrociously set up and 51.9% of the vote went to an option that we know was at best confused and encompassed multiple different contradictory scenarios. If any of those options had been given in isolation they would all have lost by a mile. Furthermore I very sincerely believe that the Leave campaign was based on years of defamation and misinformation (plus a few outright lies) from Eurosceptics in the press and the Tory party that have created an entire mythology about straight bananas and rampant immigration destroying our public services. For those reasons I believe Brexit will be bad for Britain, and I don't believe there is a true democratic mandate for the actual outcome that we will see. Just like people who protested against the Poll Tax or the Iraq War, I have every right to have my voice heard despite any votes that have gone before and I will continue to exercise that right.
Always thought it was a bit niche. I love fried chicken but the wife hates it so we never went.
Thank you for the crushing inevitability of an Alan Partridge reference being shoe-horned into any mention of Norwich.
That, and all the rest of us in Norwich who voted Remain.
A few things that mitigate this: * A lot of employers will pay more than you do, or more than the minimum. In my job my employer pays 5% and I pay 3%. I can't remember the exact terms of auto-enrolment minimum contributions but that's fairly typical * Online pension calculators are usually pretty misleading, often predicting very low rates of growth to make you think that you need to pay more in. Check these. Chances are it'll be predicated on pretty low growth. You always have the option to push the growth higher by investing in higher-risk funds too. * Bear in mind that as you get older you will probably earn more meaning that it'll be easier for both you and your employer to be paying more than this in * As you approach retirement the chances are you'll have some disposable income that will allow you to increase your contributions * You probably won't need as much to live on when you retire unless you plan on still having big debts or going out on the lash with your mates regularly * Annuity rates are usually fairly rubbish, and again, a pension calculator might make a number of assumptions about the annuity you buy - check these. Plenty of other options these days - e.g. drawdown policies that will allow you to avoid buying an annuity altogether * All pensions offer a tax-free lump-sum of 25% of your pension pot on retirement, so any calculation will usually assume that you have taken this. For many people this can be £100k+ if they've done a reasonable job of saving. Of course you could blow this on a Lamborghini, but you could instead keep it in your overall pot and buy an annuity that's worth a lot more, invest in a property that you rent out, whatever. * Bear in mind you may well get on the property ladder eventually, and find that by the time you retire the family home that you eventually achieved becomes too big after your kids leave home - giving you the opportunity to down-size and bank a load of the equity All that said, yeah, if you want a comfortable retirement in the style to which you will likely become accustomed then it is a lot of money to save for a very long time. Starting early is always a good plan, even if you're only saving a bit it'll put you way ahead of where you might be otherwise.
Went to Birmingham, liked it but didn't love it. It's got a lot of character but it's a tough place to love. Had a fantastic time there, made a load of good mates but stayed on for 18 months after graduating until most of my good mates had moved away after which I realised there wasn't a lot left for me there.
Just saying 'capitalism' is far too simplistic for this, and falls into the trap of thinking that only right-wingers voted for Brexit when plenty of Labour voters did as well. Plenty of people seem to think the EU was some kind of neoliberal project designed to allow capitalism to flourish, whilst plenty of others seem to think that Brexit was a Tory stitch-up fuelled by arch-capitalist donors wanting to remove the EU to allow their own brand of capitalism to flourish. Neither of those are true. The truth of it is more like this: everyone on the left looks at people to the political right and blames them, and everyone on the right looks to the people to the left of them and blames them. As for those of us with more centrist views, well you know how the song goes: clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right - here I am stuck in the middle with EU....
I like the premise that the only people allowed serious convictions or beliefs are those at some extreme of the political spectrum.
Just meant to bring a moment's levity to proceedings mate.
Right, and there's a well-established notion of regional identity too - never mind Scotland, Wales, Ireland - even between cities like Liverpool, Manchester and Leeds, 30 miles from one another. Should we go back to Kingdoms of Mercia, Wessex, Northumberland etc? Where will you draw the line?
The point is that there'd be no *national* identity if we hadn't brought together all those *regional* identities in the late tenth century. I bet when that happened there were plenty of people who said those different regions of the British Isles could never live together in harmony, and yet here we all are.
Like another guy on this thread said though: personally I feel I have a lot more in common with your average worker in most other countries than I do with the likes of Boris Johnson or Nigel Farage. What makes me who I am isn't drinking tea, Morecambe &amp; Wise, cricket matches on the green etc: you develop an identity by having shared values and being able to recognise those in others, not through some shared love for fish &amp; chips. Fairness is supposed to be part of British identity, but frankly I find that rings a bit hollow these days.
&gt; And it's things like tolerance, liberalism and a sense of fairness which you could also argue form part of the British national identity too. Well, they're supposed to although I increasingly find those hard to recognise when I look at my fellow Britons. When I look at the tabloid press and their mates in the Tory party, and the way they punish and demonise the weakest members of society I find that hard to reconcile. When I see Farage getting so much support that hardly instills a sense of fairness or tolerance either. I don't think Brexit was founded in a spirit of tolerance, liberalism or fairness either - more old-fashioned small-mindedness if you ask me. Quite honestly, more and more I look at my fellow Britons and think that maybe fish and chips is all we do have.
Is this what passes for biting wit?
Well, first one's easy: keep us in the single market, second referendum, anything that stops the ever-loving nightmare that is Brexit. Given that that will never happen, I'm not going to vote Labour again. Might vote Green - will be a wasted vote in my constituency, but I don't care any more, everyone else voted for Feels before Reals so why not. I voted Labour at the last GE thinking that they were making more pragmatic noises than the Tories that might give us a soft Brexit. What's more I liked my Labour MP but he had to resign from the Shadow Cabinet because he refused to support Brexit. So I'm afraid now I won't give them my vote again.
All companies have an image that they want to promote. This shouldn't be news to anyone.
Good for them. The Daily Mail makes normal people hate people they have no reason to hate. It's only religion that's supposed to do that.
I care about what my purchasing power promotes or doesn't. If companies didn't care about their appearance they wouldn't spend huge amounts on marketing and advertising budgets so clearly I'm not alone.
So firstly, yeah I agree that this isn't some benevolent move aimed at making the world a sunnier place, it's a decision based on profit margins. I wouldn't expect any more or less from a business TBH. The reason the Daily Mail gets singled out is not because of its politics - there are plenty of right-wing papers who don't attract the same level of ire - but by the nature of its discourse that is divisive and seeks to demonise the weaker members of society in a way that is little short of bullying and sits very badly with what I consider my own values, or British values for that matter. So it's not that political discourse should be influenced by a train company, it's that basic human decency should be influenced by all of us.
Whatever works for you mate. Look out for sarcastic responses though.
Wouldn't particularly say I hate it. Just think it's a pointless waste of human endeavour that makes people do pointless things that they'd never normally waste time doing, including hating other people for no reason other than that they grew up with a different imaginary friend. No disrespect meant.
The difference here is that you can call people out on their shit - if I see someone promoting hate speech on here I can respond to them so that neutral observers can see my objections to those views. Beyond not buying the Daily Mail I have no way of countering their unpleasant rhetoric.
So are you, or aren't you, trying to suggest that I'm a bigot?
&gt; People in the North will have different needs and wants to people in the South. According to government transport policy, everyone just wants to get to London as quickly as possible wherever they are in the country.
I thought you were just asking me to "consider what the definition of the word bigot is. Nothing more". So in your own words, surely you haven't expressed a point a view about which I could be intolerant?
Thanks for the vote of confidence :-D I don't mind admitting I am bigoted about certain viewpoints or people, but only when they're bigoted about others first. I have no problem with the vast majority of religious people.
Speak for yourself mate. Try ever getting from one part of the country that isn't London to another part of the country that isn't London on a regular basis and you'll see what I mean.
Kinda double-edged sword though - by commenting on their site I'm adding to their advertising value. And whilst I'm happy to debate with people who have opposing views to me the level of 'debate' on the Mail comments section is, in my limited experience, soul-crushing enough to make me want to punch a kitten afterwards for sheer nihilism of it.
What's being censored? They're just not buying it any more. If I turn my TV off am I censoring someone?
You expressly didn't criticise me, remember?
What, so if they sell Stella, Carling, Fosters, Kronenbourg and Heineken but not Becks in the buffet car you'd also call that "refusing to give their passengers a choice" then? Yeah, the Guardian's OK with them as far as I'm aware. As is the Telegraph, Times, Independent, Express, Sun, Mirror and Star or any other you fancy naming. What's your point?
&gt; Do people expect them to try and join the EU again if they were elected? Because that would be kind of funny we rejoin a couple of years after leaving! I fully expect that by 2025 we will be undoing Brexit, if we even get beyond the endless transition periods. The age demographics of voters alone would point to this, but I also think that when people see the final deal we're being offered we'll hear the cries of Leave voters alienated that all the hopes they were pinning on Brexit all look a bit hollow by then. Give it until the end of this year and I fully expect we'll see opposition to Brexit rising and organising itself in ways we haven't seen so far. If it's true that 80% of Labour members oppose Brexit then we may yet see them force change, and if that happens then lots of things become possible.
Well said - this is often overlooked as if the Lib Dems had a free choice of who to ally with and just jumped straight into bed with the Tories without a second thought. Anything other than that would have been (a) very difficult to set up and (b) politically unpopular by putting a somewhat toxic Gordon Brown back in Downing Street.
If only someone could articulate what exactly it was a mandate for.
&gt; People don't like it when you ignore what they want. I want to quit my job but still get paid. Can I have that please?
Guess what: that's nothing to do with the EU.
There's not much point trying to have a debate about the relative merits of the EU if you just want to make it about bashing anyone left-wing.
&gt; "We" had a relative strong economy which a load of people weren't benfitting from, which is why they voted leave. Since when was wealth inequality an EU-generated problem? The usual false equivalence of leave voters. Had it been a nice sunny day on the day of the referendum they'd probably have decided the EU wasn't so bad after all. Maybe the England football team had just lost a game or something and that's why we had to leave the EU. Maybe it coincided with Great British Bake-off being moved to Channel 4 and that was just too much for some so they had to vote leave.
Christ, this argument is so short-sighted and yet gets trotted out time and again. Wages go up for workers. That's the first step. Great, right? Only that means costs go up for businesses. Costs going up for businesses means prices going up for customers. Prices going up for customers equals inflation. Inflation decreases the real value of wages. And that's just the direct impact. Bear in mind also that UK businesses are now less competitive than their foreign counterparts as their costs have gone up. Having a workforce based in the UK has become more expensive than having one based overseas. Wage growth means automation becomes more cost-effective which will see those jobs disappear. You need to get out of this mindset that wages going up is just free money, it's not. It costs businesses and that ultimately costs jobs and pushes up inflation.
&gt; But they can do exactly that and they will. You can't just break a contract without (a) legal consequences and (b) impact on your business. The disruption to most business of moving premises is enormous. Imagine you're running a restaurant, are you really going to up sticks and shift your entire operation, potentially losing customers along the way, and also in doing so breaking a contract that you have signed for a 20-year lease leaving you open to legal action? Are you bollocks. I went through this with my company last year. Roof was leaking on our building and the landlord said it wasn't his responsibility to fix it. Threatened him that we'd move. He said 'go on then'. We didn't. The roof still leaks.
&gt; Could there be change if we'd voted remain? Depends. For all that I'm not a massive Corbyn fan you of all people would surely argue that he would represent change? Trouble is most of the country would rather keep voting Tory so they just blame the forrins instead.
Almost exactly the same amount that he could within the EU. There have been plenty of governments who have enacted socialist agendas whilst being part of the EU.
&gt; Well he can't nationalise any industry whilst in the Eu, he can't reform the banks inside the EU You must surely know by now that those are myths that have been debunked over and over. Plenty of EU countries with nationalised railways for one. Everyone always says the EU is a 'neoliberal' project, which is just hand-waving to me. Whenever you bring together large groups there is a tendency to gravitate towards the centre ground as that is the only way you bring left-leaning and right-leaning governments together. I don't know why the EU always has to be tarred with this woo called 'neoliberalist'.
But it's not about whether or not you're actually about to go under. Business make a profit, it's what they do. If you threaten that profit so that they're making a fraction of what they made the year before then no self-respecting CEO will just sit and take that. If wages go up they will plan to move their operations somewhere where the wages are cheaper. It's exactly the same as with a person: if the company you work for tells you they've figured out you can be paid less without actually starving would you be OK with that? Or would you actually go 'fuck that' and look for someone else to sell your labour to?
&gt; There isn't anywhere Uh.... most of the world has cheaper wages than we do in the UK. Otherwise where are all these people undercutting wages to date coming from? &gt; Neither, i'd start my own business. Hardly a practical solution for everyone though is it.
Governing parties don't get to just abandon anyone who didn't vote for them. Good government is where half the country don't lose either way. The fact that 48% of the country has 'lost' demonstrates that everyone has lost.
Kinda depends though doesn't it. If there's a huge margin of victory like in 1975 then it's safe to assume that doesn't evaporate for a significant period afterwards. With the 2016 the margin for victory was tiny in comparison (as we all know Farage himself said, 'unfinished business'). Given that the over-65s being the primary pro-Leave demographic it wouldn't be unreasonable to say that death rate alone would have eroded the margin of victory to nothing by now. It's also pretty clear that a lot of people assumed a lot of things about what a 'leave' vote would mean and they can't all be satisfied. On top of that I'd have said that the Tories blowing a 20+ point poll lead in the general election was further evidence that there isn't a mandate for their hard Brexit stance. Personally I'd like to see a second vote with options made crystal-clear for everyone so that they know what they're voting for. It should also include transferrable voting so that it's not a case of 3 forms of leaving versus one form of remaining or something like that.
&gt; Your first point doesn't really stack up as the public were never allowed to vote again Don't really see what difference that makes. There was a significant margin of victory, and nothing suggested in the years following that anything changed that. Neither of those things are true now. &gt; Labour ducked a referendum themselves as they believed that they'd lose Labour didn't duck anything. Our elected representatives are elected to do what they believe is right; if we don't like them for that it's up to us to vote them out. 80% of MPs backed Remain before the referendum so it's frankly a fucking joke that we ever had a referendum. Cameron only did it to save his career and cling onto power. &gt; The death rate is really just a way of saying you don't accept the result. It's my "way of saying" that there was a 1m majority, and I reckon a number of factors have whittled that down to nothing and beyond already. I could also add the number of 16 and 17-year-olds who would now be eligible to vote who as a demographic were very pro-EU. If you can't accept that these are basic facts then I'm afraid you're being wilfully blind. &gt; Point two isn't worth debating as it's pointless and clearly subjective Oh well, since you argue it so brilliantly and comprehensively how could I disagree? &gt; Point three is impractical and really just a way of saying that you don't accept the first result. Impractical my arse. Plenty of votes have AV - look at how party leaders are elected, that's always through rounds in which the lowest-scoring candidate is eliminated. Hardly rocket science now is it. Yeah, you're right I don't accept the first result. I never will. It was a bullshit referendum which offered "all your heart desires" as an option, an option which has clearly been proven to be a load of old shite since. It also promised contradictory things (no hard border in NI despite leaving the CU &amp; SM, my arse). It promised things like more money for the NHS based on bullshit figures when in fact we're seeing the NHS in its most parlous state ever. The number of people who voted leave doesn't in any way stop it being a moronically shite idea that will impoverish us needlessly as a nation and has made us a laughing stock across the world for carrying out the biggest national own-goal in history. One way or another we will be in the Single Market in 2025, I'd put money on it.
There will certainly be a lot of "I was against Brexit ^only ^it ^was ^raining ^and ^I ^couldn't ^be ^arsed ^to ^get ^of ^bed ^and ^vote ^but ^totally ^against ^it"
These days I am of the view that ANY article that has to RANDOMLY capitalise its WORDS must be aimed at REALLY STUPID people and AUTOMATICALLY dismiss it.
&gt; I believe that the difference between "alive" and "lifeless" is basically imaginary Uh... sorry, what? Just run that by me again?
You're accusing Britons of xenophobia, and yet it's clear from all your posts on this thread that you've got some pretty deep-rooted hatred of your own towards the British. Trying to put Trump's words into the mouths of British people is both ironic (given that you said you're a US citizen), and pathetic. What's different about you doing that and the British tabloid press slagging off the EU? Did a British guy shag your girlfriend or something? Your second sentence is possibly even more infantile. People like you are far shittier than the average Brexit voter in the UK who is primarily just worried for their job and sick of being shafted by rich people whether British or European. You're actively trying to foment hatred and division between nations, and that, my friend, makes you as big a cunt as any of the racists you purport to oppose.
Well, nobody can deny that the Tories have a [convincing vision of the future](https://www.alanmak.org.uk/ConHome4IR)
But people don't vote for racist parties in the UK. The closest we've had is the BNP getting a few council seats. Again, UKIP are a bit borderline, but they had to very much make the case for not being racists before they picked up any meaningful level of support.
Maybe he's just realised he was talking shite all along. Either that or he's trying to forge a second career as a contrarian in the pay of the Guardian.
&gt; Can you define the term for me first [Because Googling is hard](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=definition+of+xenophobia) &gt; In what way am I being xenophobic? Maybe it's comments like: &gt; None of them were cowards like your "British poor." or maybe: &gt; What a country you've got, friend
If you read my posts, I'm not suggesting that there aren't racist idiots in the UK, of course there are. But there are plenty of people in this thread suggesting Britain is a racist country and frankly that's just utter bollocks. I will always think Brexit is a shit idea, but this narrative that it's just about racism is very short-sighted. Most Leave voters I speak to say they have nothing against anyone foreign, but they object to people who haven't paid into the UK exchequer being able to take from it. I don't hold with that argument, but it's the one I hear a lot.
Yeah, I know that thanks for the patronising highlighting. As I clearly said, I voted Remain. I'm telling you what a lot of people believe, not that it is necessarily accurate.
You're just calling me a racist. Ergo, fuck you. You give some reasoned argument and you might get some back. Instead you just insult me. Get fucked.
This is just a load of horse-shit, sorry. You're just chucking out random childish and patronising stereotypes that suit your own agenda and fuck whether any of it's in any way true or accurate. You, an American, are also trying to tell me that you know the British people better than I, a British person, do. You tell me I'm a racist and I should "own it" (cringe) and yet you've "adopted phrasing from racists" yourself to "make my point" - which frankly I'm still trying to fathom out other than shouting 'RACIST!' at anyone who doesn't agree with you. Run along now son, I'm not wasting any more time on you.
I'm not scapegoating anyone for anything. I told you, I'm not a racist and I voted Remain in the referendum. I'm quite happy with immigration, so I'm not looking for anyone to blame for anything. See, this is what I mean, you're too busy shouting 'RACIST' at everyone to actually bother understanding their position.
Perhaps you need to get back to mongo-mongo-land.
I don't care what another poster wrote: you called me racist despite me never posting a single racist thing.
I don't care what the other guy wrote: you called me racist despite me never posting a single racist thing.
You called me racist. Stop trying to make it about someone else. *You* called *me* racist. So go fuck yourself.
I think you need to read back. I haven't said any of the things you're quoting me as saying.
Yes, in case I wasn’t clear I’m very much in favour of immigration. I just don’t think Britain is full of racists like some posters seem to be claiming.
&gt; Parliament wouldn't be shackled by any mandate to remain or leave and they would choose to vote based purely on what they think the best course to take would be We had that before 2016, remember?
&gt; It comes about partly because the process of leaving never became independent of the remain faction in parliament ....who are still thankfully representing the other 48% of the country who many people seem to think should no longer have their opinions heard on the subject.
There were always votes about leaving the EU - they were called General Elections. MPs were always able to vote on what they thought the best course of action would be, and always overwhelmingly voted in favour of being in the EU whether Tory or Labour governments. So my point is that we had that, Cameron threw it away, and I don't know why you think going back to that would do anything other than put us back in the same position as in 2015?
What people are asking for now is support for the tens of thousands of employees who are now redundant, and the companies who were owed money by Carillion. I think most of us feel that the board of Directors at Carillion, and the people in government who handed so much business to a failing and dishonest company - are all welcome to go fuck themselves.
Corbyn will heamorrhage votes there as long as he pushes for a hard Brexit. That said, if you're Scottish and you oppose Scottish independence and oppose Brexit I'm not quite sure who you do vote for?
What do you think a vasectomy is?
I don't think many people predicted an outright disaster, more like a slow but inevitable decline given that most sane people recognise the deal we strike with the EU can only make us worse off. As far as I can tell it's only Boris Johnson who is doubling down on his bullshit bus lie. Be interested to see this evidence you mention though?
I don't see Brexit as a "once and done" thing at all. Even if we do actually leave the EU (and all transition periods) before the next election, there will still be a huge percentage of people who want to take us back in to at least the Single Market if not the EU. As well as that, I'd still be quite surprised if Theresa May sees out 2018 which could lead to another election, and I wouldn't be that surprised if we're still in some kind of transitional deal by 2021 or 2022 anyway, which would mean to all intents and purposes we were still clinging on in there. I don't care when we leave or how long after it takes, any pro-Europe party will get my vote.
I'm not new here, and you're talking total crap. This is like some new phenomenon called Project 'Project Fear' Fear where every Leave voter claims every Remain voter predicted baby-eating by now. Hard evidence or GTFO please.
It's pretty clear that nothing a few Tory MPs do is going to stop May acting as a pawn of the Brexit Headbangers in her party, so in that regard it makes no odds either way. Tory and Labour both pushing for hard Brexit means neither are getting my vote.
&gt; As for posting evidence, is there a way to look back at the front page of a subreddit on a specific date? You can look at the front page right now and it's full of Brexit-related posts, and I'd guarantee more pro-Remain than pro-Leave; all that will reveal is the demographics of this site, not the truth or otherwise of economic predictions that were made. We hear a lot of pro-Brexit people claiming that horror stories about an apocalypse were being bandied around by all and sundry on a daily basis, and yet the so-called Project Fear is actually little more than a few cranks wanting to make some headlines. Anyone who claims either that it will be apocalyptic, or that it will be wonderful, are both talking shite. It will most likely mean a reduction in our economic growth by a small percentage each year, which over 20-30 years adds up to a reasonably significant dent in living standards. That's my prediction, argue that if you want. Actually my prediction is that we will re-join the EU by 2025, if we ever actually leave in the first place.
Yeah, you're probably right there.
&gt; Labour’s stance to remain Labour's stance isn't to remain.
This is a bit like the recent 'Cash for Ash' scandal in Northern Ireland; in an attempt to push more green-friendly heating the NI government started subsidising greener fuels to the tune of £1.60 for every £1 spent, with no cap. So of course people were getting paid to just keep buying and burning fuel day and night, often in completely empty out-houses or barns. Cost the NI government £400m, and presumably added a shit-load more carbon into the atmosphere to boot. Some people made an absolute kiling out of it. Biggest joke of all is this: the DUP who were responsible for this just a couple of years ago, are now the party who have become kingmaker in the whole UK government by offering their 10 MPs to prop up Theresa May's minority Tory government. To guarantee DUP support, the Tories had to find £1bn to give to Northern Ireland - which may well have been used to plug some of the gaps left by 'Cash for Ash'.
This is very simplistic. Neither Tories nor Labour can afford to alienate either their pro-EU or pro-Brexit voters. Obviously.
&gt; I can travel to the US or Australia after spending 10 minutes filling a form in online You've entirely missed the point. It's not the 10 minutes to fill in a form that's the problem, it's that the form represents a decision to be made by those governments who could decide to reject your application. Where that decision exists, uncertainty reigns - especially if that decision can change from year to year depending on who is in government at the time, levels of unemployment etc. When European businesses want to build businesses and supply chains that cross the EU they don't want to have to do so without knowing that their employees or their suppliers' employees will be able to go where they need to. It's not 10 minutes spent filling in a form, it's uncertainty for businesses that they will be able to put into effect what they plan. If countries are free to halt free movement then businesses cannot cross boundaries in a way that improves businesses. If your cheapest labour is in one country, your parts are sourced from three other countries, your head office is in another country and your main customer-base is in yet another, then without freedom of movement it's all endless bureaucracy that will give your business endless headaches. It is absolutely not just about 10 minutes spent filling in a form.
&gt; Labour supporters care about other things far more than Brexit Speak for yourself mate.
When my MP says he will defy the party whip on Brexit, then I'm not voting for the party's position on Brexit, am I?
You could just as well say that the referendum was 'the wrong question being asked' and that there were far more insightful ways of that question being asked.
&gt; We are not a secular country Hahahaha. Seriously though. We are a secular country, we just haven't yet actually officially changed the constitution that makes the monarch head of state and head of the church of England. We are a secular country just as much as we are a parliamentary democracy - i.e. the figurehead of the monarch has zero actual power, and the church has no actual power. Quick reminder: over 50% of the country are now not religious at all. Of the rest, most are non-practising. Practising Christians now total - what - 10% of the country? They also have an average age of about 67. &gt; our value system is dripping in judaeo-Christian roots You speak for yourself mate, mine isn't at all. If what you're saying is that most people celebrate Christmas then you're entirely missing the point. As I said, if you add up the numbers of atheists, agnostics, LGBT, single parents, divorcees, children brought up in blended families, Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus etc - not to mention all the people who might want to practice some form of Christianity but don't want it forced on others - then you're left with a small handful of people. That there is any Judeo-Christian tradition in this country is reflective of the fact that Christianity held the whip hand in society for centuries, and of course you don't throw away every single thing instantly. We don't suddenly pull down cathedrals or stop singing Christmas carols just because most people don't believe in God. Half of what you would consider Christian traditions are either borrowed from earlier religions (e.g. Pagan Yule) or are generic human motifs such as kindness and compassion. What you're talking about is social control. I have no time for people who want to force others to adopt their own ridiculous world view. If you think divorce is bad, don't get divorced. If you think being gay is bad, don't be gay. If you think sex before marriage is bad, don't have sex before marriage. You have zero right to make others follow your dumb ideas though. Thank Christ (irony intended) that religion no longer holds sway. That might be the one thing that'd make me emigrate and never look back.
Anything at all that clarified the options beyond a single word? At least with 'Remain' it was reasonably clear that this was just a vote for the existing status quo, but as evidenced by the endless debates now about the manner of our leaving, that we had a nation-defining vote that gave no clarity at all as to what that vote actually meant, well basically *anything at all* would have made it more insightful.
Well, I only half agree with that. It's the electorate's job to elect representatives who then have the duty to balance what they believe the electorate wants with what they think the correct course of action is. For Cameron, a committed Remainer, to open the door to an option he believed was wrong, this is a dereliction of duty. His response to the growing UKIP vote and Eurosceptics in his own party should have been "I believe leaving the EU is wrong, therefore I will not implement that policy; if you don't like it you need to vote me out". The trouble was he couldn't stand the idea of being voted out so he gambled. And now we're fucked.
It's what representative democracy is there to do. If MPs just did exactly what people wanted there'd be no point in having MPs - we might as well just do direct democracy for everything, but repeated lessons from history have told us that this isn't necessarily wise. Impossibly complex situations end up having to be boiled down to ridiculously simplistic options so that they can be voted on by a public who don't have the time or inclination to understand the myriad complexities of running a country. You'd end up with X-factor style votes based on personalities and soundbites rather than allowing the considered views of qualified professionals to carry more weight. Democracy is all well and good, but direct democracy for everything would just be utter chaos.
&gt; Even the (professional) MPs don't bother to read most of the bills they're voting on Maybe so, but that suggests they are trusting members of their party with whom their views align to have read them; this is also part of a representative democracy - that Ministers represent the experts and the MPs follow the lead of the Ministers. &gt; why do you think that the entire public would want to / be able to do this? I don't think they would, that's my entire point. &gt; If you don't think someone should have to read the bills they're voting on, then why should they be voting on them in the first place? It isn't practical for every MP to have read and absorbed every single piece of information ever produced relating to the entirety of running a whole country of 65m people. They are human beings, and there are a limited number of hours in a day in which they can absorb information. Again, the point of representative democracy is that people recognise their own limitations and place a certain agreed level of trust in others to have done the learning and analysis and summarise for them in a way that allows them to form their judgements and vote.
&gt; Our European neighbours seem to manage Manage what? Having referendums? &gt; I'm surprised that people now seem so keen to have less say over the country whereas only a few years ago the narrative was very different. I've no idea what you're referring to here.
Sorry, but you're just making cryptic and unrelated half-statements and expecting me to follow your train of thought. You said 'our European neighbours seem to manage' as a response to my saying referenda are a shite idea and UKIP only got 20% of the vote -so your statement doesn't follow either of those statements, which is why I'm confused. Then when I ask for clarity you tell me to go and read up on Maastricht and Lisbon. If you prefer, I'll just stop wasting my time here, but please at least *try* to explain what you're talking about.
So the Vote Leave campaign was free to say whatever they liked and then leave it to the government to deliver that, irrespective of how contrary, contradictory, misleading or untrue their many statements were? And people wonder why Remain voters feel cheated...
&gt; Apparently not otherwise you would have answered this question. That makes no sense. &gt; Is this being disputed? Stay within the law. You said you want policy-making to follow Christian tradition. What exactly did you mean if not using legislation to make others behave the way you want?
No sorry, you're right, it wasn't meant to be an example of direct democracy. I just meant in terms of tyranny of the majority - that individuals are not obliged to justify their positions in the way that representatives are, which means it's much easier for individuals to vote for things that should not be considered reasonable or justifiable options.
&gt; Sure, and the Remain vision was 'We better stay in or we'll need an emergency budget to cope with the immediate recession'. I don't know, I think the whole 'Project Fear' is being massively played up now to suggest that anything opposed to Brexit must just be made-up bullshit. The only people who were properly doom-mongering were either trying to make headlines to flog news copy, or like George Osborne were trying to save their political careers because they knew they'd be finished if Leave won. &gt; Both sides mislead the public. It's politics. Yes, can't really disagree with that. &gt; I don't really agree with the referendum to begin with - it was used as a political tool by Cameron Agree with you here too... &gt; but it happened ....agree with this..... &gt; now we have to live with it ....and here's where I disagree with you. The vote was a very narrow margin and was getting on for 2 years ago now, and ever since then there has been a slow but inexorable drift towards Remain. The world moves on, opinions change, things become more clear over time. If we go through with this for no other reason than that we said we would then frankly that's really stupid.
I don't know if you've ever tried emigrating, but it takes a lot to leave your home country and stay gone forever.
Your thinking seems to be that as kids get older they necessarily adopt the views of older people.
And you think more learning makes you more pro-Brexit? Plenty of evidence suggesting the opposite.
No, you've missed the point. The more educated a person is, the less likely they were to vote Leave in the referendum. So your suggestion that people learn more as they grow older would suggest that they would become less likely to vote Leave, not more so.
Come and live in the UK, you'd be very welcome here.
But this is exactly why most major constitutional changes would require a 60% or two-thirds majority. It should be obvious to anyone that you can't run a years-long process when public opinion wavers above and below 50% on a near-daily basis. Because of this Theresa May et al have to pretend they have a rock-solid mandate when negotiating with the EU despite the fact that there are still plenty of polls showing that remain would edge a second referendum, and despite the fact that May's government got a bloody nose at the general election and is now a minority government who have plenty of their own rebels and are struggling to get legislation passed in parliament. The particularly daft thing about this is the demographics - when the under-30s are pro-EU by an enormous margin and most of the Leave voters are the over-65s then it should be evident to just about anyone that this was not a secure mandate that would even last the 5 years or it'll take to complete the job, never mind beyond that. By Farage's own words, 'unfinished business'. I'd just add as well - you say we can't have a world where negotiations are permanently undermined by a domestic PR campaign pushing the alternative agenda, and yet that's exactly what we've had from Eurosceptics for decades leading up to 2016. There is absolutely no way, after decades of that kind of backseat driving, that the pro-EU camp were ever then going to be silent when forced to take their own turn in the back seat.
What you *can* do is recognise that pushing for the hardest of hard Brexits with a tiny majority that anyone could see would not last the length of the process is a ridiculous course of action. May should be looking for conciliatory ways to unite the country, not playing winner-takes-all with 51.9% when you can tell that margin is extremely unstable.
&gt; Leaving the EU and the single market is exactly what was campaigned for, and exactly what was voted for. It's just Brexit. Ah yes, the leave voter claiming to know the exact motives of all 17m people. Oh look - they agree with you! Who could have predicted that? The fact of it is that the mandate for Brexit is too small and unstable for the process to be rail-roaded through in the way May is trying. I'm certainly not going to stop saying it's a shit idea when it plainly is, and a shit idea being badly implemented at that. As every day passes it looks more and more shitty, and the will to see it through evaporates a little more.
You're saying we've done something that cannot be undone no matter how badly it goes and no matter how many people oppose it.
I'll just add [this](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2018/jan/20/voters-should-be-able-to-change-their-minds-on-referendums-says-speaker) to the debate as well - a timely and apposite comment from the Speaker of the House.
Where do you think the money for the NHS and public services comes from? If you weaken the economy as a whole then you weaken public services and reduce job prospects. And what do you think Brexit will do to our ability to maintain the thousands of immigrant Nurses and Doctors required to support the NHS? If our entire economy suffers as a result of Brexit then public services suffer too. For me the best way to ensure public services are maintained is to avoid massive acts of national self-harm.
&gt; Everyone that voted to leave the EU voted to leave the single market No they didn't. &gt; it was made very clear that would be the result of a leave vote Nothing was made clear at all on the subject.
&gt; Even with video evidence of prominent remain leaders saying a vote to leave the EU means a vote to leave the single market you still deny people were told this would happen. ....and even with video evidence of prominent leave leaders saying a vote to leave the EU didn't have to mean a vote to leave the single market you still deny people were told this would happen. So basically what you're saying is "the bits that fit my agenda are true, the other bits are lies". If it wasn't so tragic it'd be amusing to watch all the leave voters arguing that every single leave vote meant exactly what they personally wanted it to mean.
Wow, loving your version of democracy. Not only should freedom of speech for the populace as a whole be curtailed, but even the Speaker of the House shouldn't speak! What a brave new world you've created.
I'm not talking about Trump so don't try to change the subject. You accused OP of not understand what sovereignty means in this context, so I simply invited you to give us your definition so that we're all clear what we're talking about. I notice that you still haven't done so.
It's not irrelevant. He was saying that because Trump is angry at the UK we will now have to sacrifice even more to get any kind of workable trade deal with the US.
What I'm saying is that the Vote Leave campaign had absolutely zero accountability to deliver on what it promised, and for that reason it was able to promise anything that anyone wanted from it. It was a campaign of willful misdirection I'm also saying that many Leave voters are now extrapolating out what they personally wanted from the vote and taking isolated quotes out of context to say that this was always what a Leave vote meant.
The 'campaign', such as it was, never made any official statements on anything though did it, it said all options were possible. It said plenty of things to people depending on what they wanted to hear, and really the 'campaign' had been running for decades in the tabloid press and from the mouths of Farage and his ilk meaning most people had made up their mind long before the vote leave campaign even existed. You say things are taken out of context, and yet they were said and people heard them, so you can't just hand-wave away and say if you'd heard the full context you'd know differently. The truth of it is that they purposefully misdirected by talking about 'access' or 'full access' to the single market, and still to this day are peddling lies saying we will have just as good terms outside it as in. The real truth of it is that they are claiming we can have our cake and eat it, leaving the single market without losing any of the benefits, and frankly that's just horseshit.
But they also suggested we would continue to enjoy all the benefits of the single market by using fudge words like 'full access' to the single market. I saw countless Leave spokespeople called out on it by interviewers who said they were misleading the public by suggesting you could both have all the benefits of the single market but all the self-determination you wanted. That's why everyone is referring to the leave campaign wanting to have their cake and eat it as well. It was a campaign full of willful misdirection. You and I are not going to agree on this so I don't see much point carrying this on.
You'd be hard-pushed to argue that anyone really knows what was or wasn't part of the official Leave campaign, or the unofficial Leave.EU, or the propaganda war that has been running for decades.
I'm not trying to be preachy, it just seemed a bit of an odd thing to aspire to. I'm 43 now so it's a long time since I thought it was cool to drink too much, that's all.
I don't know who you are or why I should give a flying fuck what you think.
I wish I'd never said anything TBH.... Talk about misjudging the prevailing attitude on Reddit.
OK - and what about the dozens of other talking heads who would appear on news programmes giving their views? It wasn't only Johnson and Farage by a long way. I can't even get my head around the idiocy of there even being two separate campaigns - if ever we needed a sure sign that different things were being promised by different people it's the fact that we had two different campaigns promising different things encompassed within a single option on the ballot paper.
&gt; it deters people from committing serious crimes Yeah, look at that low, low homicide rate in the US.
Yes - which suggests that there is little difference in murder rates whether you do or don't have the death penalty (in fact murder rates marginally lower in countries that don't have the death penalty). Which means suggesting it's a deterrent is a load of bollocks.
No probs mate! I'm not used to such civility on Reddit.
I actually think it's almost because they have both convinced their side that they're the best hope of keeping the other side out. If someone centrist and Blairite was leading the opposition a lot of the more moderate Tories would have at let May's government fall, but they're so scared of a proper Socialist in power May is the least worst option. Similarly the left are so determined to oust the nasty party that they have fully thrown all their weight behind Corbyn.
After her recent speech in Florence, which was the usual robotic Maybot affair, how about a "'Florence and the Machine' partnership for Britain and Europe"?
You seem to think just being a massive prick on here gives you some sort of value. Maybe you're 12 and you still pull girls' hair for attention or something, but when you grow up a bit you'll realise that when a whole bunch of people think you're a wanker, it's not because you're cool and edgy and dare to say the unsayable, it's because you're a wanker.
Completely ignoring the point in my last paragraph, just as I expected.
&gt; You can't let it go can you? Let what go? &gt; Textbook mental breakdown behaviour by you here Really? Such as? &gt; Just breathe ok? I told you, I'm fine mate, I've rarely been calmer. I'm more worried for your sake to be honest, you're in a pretty bad state psychologically.
What's this, trying a different persona now? Wahey, look at me everyone, I'm so wacky I don't know what I'm gonna say next!
Uh - just because you delete one comment, it doesn't delete all subsequent comments underneath it you know? Listen to yourself. Please be rattled. You're just a bit rattled aren't you? *Please* be rattled. *Please*.
"We're not morons" says man who blames the EU for closure of market stalls in the town centre.
&gt; Possibly they think that politicians have ignored them for years. All the more reason to vote them out, no?
&gt; It came as Jacob Rees-Mogg, the increasingly influential leader of a 60-strong group of Eurosceptic Tory MPs, warned that Britain is heading for “Brino” - Brexit in name only More like 'Brithlor' - Brexit in the harsh light of reality.
The thing is, there are good reasons to be in the EU, even if 'Hollie' or whoever it is isn't articulating them well enough for your liking. I've yet to hear actual, tangible, good reasons for leaving other than some vague and misplaced sense that the modern world is rubbish and this might just take confused people back to a time when they understood the world.
&gt; You’ve heard everything everyone has to say and you still aren’t able to empathise with any of it What, like that market stalls are closing down because of the EU? Does that make any sense to you? I'm supposed to empathise with the guy even though he's utterly wrong?
Yes - spot on. It's a fairly classic [Motte and Bailey argument](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Motte_and_bailey) whereby you start with a moderate premise ('We need to be able to talk about immigration') but use that as a base from which to launch the more overtly unpleasant views or, more likely, to give airtime to those who are willing to give voice to them. When the more unpleasant views are attacked you quickly retreat into the passive-aggressive "They're trying to silence me just for daring to have a conversation about immigration!" - effectively when attacked you just retreat to your 'safe space' (irony intended) and revert to the more defensible position until the attacker gives up, and then you advance again.
Vote for who you believe in. If enough Labour voters start to switch to Lib Dems they will effectively do to Labour what UKIP did to the Tories. UKIP only won one seat and that was enough to get us to this state. Don't vote Lib Dem expecting Lib Dem to win, vote Lib Dem expecting it to force Labour to change tack by recognising that they are heamorrhaging votes to Lib Dems. What's more, if current polls are to be believed then with each of Labour and Tories holding very steady around 40% there's every chance the pro-EU parties will hold the balance of power and then anything is possible.
&gt; Corbyn is unelectable they said It pains me to say it, but I'd still say he's unelectable. He hit his absolute peak this year against the most hopeless, divided and shambolic government I've ever seen in my forty-plus years and still didn't win. Yes, he proved a lot of people wrong getting so close, but he was still a long way from being PM and I don't think he'll have anything like such an open goal next time.
That's kinda my point. The electorate vote on policy. The members decide policy. If the electorate decided policy then there'd be no point having defined policy because it'd just be whatever the electorate wants.
It's just my opinion, you don't have to agree with me. I don't think he has zero chance, I just don't think he'll do better than he did in the recent GE. For what it's worth I'd love to see the Tories booted out.
About as realistic as most of the options presented by May, Davies et al so far.
Here we go again. No, we can't put this to bed as you and I have discussed a number of times. Whatever you think the *most* official version of events is, you can't deny that the narrative came from a number of different people who may or may not have directly or indirectly represented Leave.EU, Vote Leave, UKIP, or whatever body of Brexiteers you can think of - none of whom had any duty or accountability to deliver on anything they promised, and so were promising more than one thing depending on the context in which they were speaking and what they thought their audiences wanted to hear. This also pre-dated the actual referendum campaigning for years as well meaning that much of the groundwork for the Leave vote was being done years and decades in advance of the vote itself. What's more the whole thing was fudged by varying uses of terms like *access* and *full access* to the Single Market - suggesting the cake-and-eat-it options were all on the table too. These are still being used to fudge the issue today. Whilst you continue to argue against the YouTube clips, you can't deny that *those words came out of those people's mouths*. How do you therefore know in what context every leave voter heard them? If I turned on the telly, heard Farage saying we could be like Norway, and then changed channels, then *that's what I heard*, and therefore it's quite possible that people heard that and didn't go reading between the lines to get the fullest possible context in the way you are claiming they must have. What you're arguing is that nobody could possibly have misconstrued Farage saying we could be like Norway as meaning we could leave the EU but stay in the single market. I've also mentioned before - when you quote people from the Remain campaign saying a Leave vote would mean leaving the Single Market as well - the point was that people like you would, incorrectly, consider a vote to leave the EU as also giving a mandate to leave the Single Market, so to be careful what you wish for. That doesn't mean they *are* one and the same, it was a very prescient warning that people would try to extrapolate from a one-word result to their own ends. As you are still doing. So you put it to bed if you like, but remember this: it would take only one in 26 Leave voters to disagree with you for your precious will of the people to vanish - never mind recent poll shifts that show it's already gone anyway. I've heard plenty of Leave voters saying they 'just wanted to send a message' or 'just wanted to shake things up' or 'didn't vote Leave to be worse off' etc. so I still say you are on extremely shaky ground.
Well let me turn that around to a question for you: if nobody in any of the leave campaigns can be held accountable for a single thing they said, what *were* they there for? Where's the £350m a week for the NHS now? I mean that's what we voted for, right? Who do I call about that? Who has accountability for reducing immigration now? Remember the government has repeatedly distanced itself from any of the promises of the various Leave campaigns. UKIP barely even exist any more and certainly don't have anyone in any position of accountability. Labour's leave campaigners won't have anything to do with it either. Nobody wants to touch those promises now. So.... you tell me, what was the point? The Leave campaigns served only to sell fantasy-land lies and half-truths, saying that you "could" have this or you "could" have that, knowing full-well that 'Leave' as any kind of recognisable entity would vanish straight after the election and hand this mish-mash of vague unsubstantiated promises to whichever poor sod found themselves in government with a brief to deliver it. What was the point of them? To spin it to win it, that's all. Oh no, they weren't pointless. No, unfortunately for us Remainers they were quite the opposite - Cameron fucked it up so completely he gave them a total free rein to lie freely, time and again with no way they could ever be held to account for it, and in that their point was to convince the British people to vote for their made-up fantasy-land and then disappear off into the ether the minute it came to someone actually being held accountable for it.
I think one of the best descriptions of Brexit goes something like: the most privileged 2% of the country persuaded the least privileged 50% to vote for the interests of that 2% rather than the interests of the 98%. So whilst you say most educated, well-off people were pro-Remain I'd point out that the super-rich, seriously wealthy who avoid tax and keep their money in offshore tax havens etc all not only supported Brexit but even in some cases spent a fortune to control parts of the media to push a Leave agenda for decades.
&gt; Your labour MP should have stood down from the Labour party if they felt unable to support the platform labour campaigned on Why? The Labour whip didn't require it. And why didn't they require it? Because they know damn well that, contrary to your assertion, there isn't a mandate for a hard Brexit in the country and it would have cost them a lot of votes and a lot of MPs. See, I think it's quite simple: yeah, a lot of people don't like immigrants, I get that. I don't like it, but I don't deny it. But once you raise it up to a level of elected representatives, whose job it is to do what's right for the country, there are very few who think that immigration is a bad thing for the country, and ultimately we live in a representative democracy. If people hated immigration *enough* then Nigel Farage would have become an MP on one of his 7 attempts, but he didn't, and nor did other UKIP MPs other than one who has since quit the party. It's a bit like me asking my kids if they want me to feed them sweets and chocolate for tea: of course they'll say yes. But if I ask them if they want me to be a good parent to them they'll also say yes. The two things are clearly mutually exclusive. What you're saying is equivalent to saying that because they answered the direct question about having sweets and chocolates for tea that takes precedence over me being a good parent.
&gt; why should your right to freedom of movement trump other people's rights to want better immigration control? It's a fair question, so I'll try to explain myself as well as I can. Brexiters insist they're not racist, and FWIW I agree, mostly they aren't. British people are inherently a tolerant bunch who don't naturally dislike people for skin colour, religion, speaking a different language etc. For EU migrants especially I don't believe racism is an issue (unlike the situation with e.g. Muslims immigrants from the sub-continent where racism is a factor). The issue arises in that British people think that immigrants are taking advantage of our public services and using up limited resources such as housing. This, however, I believe is perception rather than reality - there is hard fact that shows that immigrants bring in more to the exchequer than they take out, that e.g. they provide far more to the NHS in terms of workforce and money than they take out in terms of services, that immigrants swell industries such as e.g. construction that more than offsets the housing stock they take up. (Then there's the argument that says we are 'full' as a country, to which I say bollocks). So, I think what people *actually* want is not a ban on foreigners coming to our country, they want assurances that people are paying their way and not taking out of public services to which they haven't contributed. Just getting rid of immigrants is a blunt instrument the likes of which is not required in an intelligent society; if you have a problem with immigrants cheating the system, you don't get rid of the immigrants, you get rid of the cheating. Removing immigrants, 99% of whom have a positive contribution on society, because you think 1% of them might not is just short-sighted and unnecessary.
&gt; Incidentally, this is a very good discussion so thank you for the mature and respectful debate. I apologise for the "oh bless" earlier. Thankyou, and likewise to you. No need to apologise. &gt; you still haven't addressed the fundamental question of why your right to FoM should trump my right to have better immigration controls If your own rights are being infringed then you can respond by asking for others' rights to be curtailed to protect your own. But not liking foreigners doesn't equate to those foreigners limiting your rights: you don't have a right not to be offended by someone speaking a foreign language in your home town. You don't have a right to keep people out of your home town because you don't like their face. Otherwise where does that end? The government has a duty to create a functioning economy and pretty much everyone whose job it is to look after the economy believes immigration is a good thing; many people look at the immediate downward pressure on wages that a large influx of low-skilled workers creates and thinks by removing that they remove the problem; yet businesses will always go where the cheapest labour is, so if you remove the cheap labour then you lose the businesses as well which means neither the business nor its employees are paying into the UK exchequer. No use earning an extra £1 an hour for a few months if your employer sooner or later shifts their operations to Eastern Europe looking for cheaper labour. It's a global market now, and trying to pretend it isn't will not end well - just watch what happens to the US with Trump's self-imposed trade war. So... I don't think people have a right to restrict the rights of others that have been built up over half a century just because they happen to blame foreigners for their own problems, and I don't believe that there's a sound economic argument for them to do so either.
Fist-bumps are a bit American aren't they? What's wrong with a good solid British handshake? Edit: really, this many downvotes? Just meant to be a light-hearted observation you know.
&gt; he sees leaving the EU is the start of the UK working out its problems Maybe in the same way that smashing a plate on the floor is the start of dealing with the problem of having shards of smashed plate on your floor.
As the saying goes, if everyone you meet is an arsehole, maybe you're the arsehole. Given that you seem to like sweeping statements that damn an entire nation of 65m people, I'm certainly inclined to think so.
At least I make my opinions count for something while I'm alive, unlike you who seems content to waste your life shitposting.
There's always some nobhead who will take a Leave/Remain debate and try to turn it into a left/right debate as if they're the same thing.
&gt; They did, but there's plenty of evidence to suggest much of their work was unnecessary You honestly don't know what the fuck you're talking about. As someone who's worked in IT for 22 years, including plenty of coding to fix Y2K issues, you are making an idiot of yourself so I suggest you stop as you're just displaying your ignorance.
What have countries got to do with lines of code? Most code belongs to companies, and most companies who were developing large code-bases in the 60s and 70s (which were the source of most Y2K issues) were being developed in the West, i.e. US and Europe. So I've no idea what your talk about Russia and Asia have to do with anything. Between '96 and 2000 I worked on literally tens of thousands of lines of date comparisons for major banks and insurers that compared two-digit years against other two-digit years. When 99 becomes 00 that means it starts to return different results, and suddenly credits fail to appear on bank accounts or car insurance policies lapse, or god knows what else. Within one single company we found literally find tens of thousands of different examples of that, and I was part of a team of 30 Devs spent 2 years fixing them just for that one company alone. The hostility is because I'm sick of this bullshit re-writing of history that says Y2K was a fuss about nothing (and thus now used as an example of 'Project Fear' FFS) when in fact it was a potential nightmare that was avoided through many millions of man-years of effort to resolve it. Frankly if you're a software developer I'm very surprised that you don't know this and even though you weren't there feel qualified to comment.
Mate, I'm perfectly calm, I'm just calling out your bullshit, that's all. Why are you still going on about countries? Again: most of the countries you're talking about didn't develop significant IT systems until the 80s and by that time the problem was known about and systems were developed with 4-character years. Why is this hard for you to get? Maybe there was some unnecessary work done for Y2K, maybe not. Many companies I knew treated it as a good reason to replace and decommission old systems or platforms anyway, so who's to say that counts as wasted effort? The point is you can't look at things like air traffic control and just hope for the best - I'd rather live in a country that erred on the side of caution for things like that, thanks all the same. If you're trying to make political capital out of something about which clearly you're not very well informed then you're not doing a very good job of it...
All I can see is that you're pushing some kind of bullshit narrative that says Y2K was overstated - your reasons for that are best known to yourself, but whatever they are, you're wrong.
So we open our borders (ignoring the irony of that for now...) and just wave in every lorry irrespective of what it might be carrying. The EU won't do the same, so what happens to those lorries? If you ran a haulage company on the continent would you want your vehicles sat in a lorry park for 3 days every drop they do?
&gt; crickets I can't bear this passive-aggressive bullshit of putting things like this at the end of your post. It's right up there with *downvote away*, *here comes the hivemind* etc. Makes you look like you know yourself that your post is shit before you've even finished it. And it is.
Yes, plus office spaces. Where I live there are 3 massive office blocks in the city centre that are being turned into flats or student accommodation because the company that used them downsized and moved to more hot-desking and working from home.
I think the vast majority of people now recognise that referenda are a totally shit way of conducting the business of government. If, instead, the question was "Should parliament have a free vote on the final Brexit outcome?" you'd get a far higher level of support. Personally as much as I hate Brexit with every fibre of my being I don't really support a second referendum as it'd probably just play out like the first.
It's perfectly possible for both my statement and yours to be true. I wouldn't want to live in a country that had pure democracy, just like I wouldn't like to live in one that has 100% pure freedom of speech.
Then I'd start to believe that maybe a decent proportion of intelligent people saw the value of it and I might believe that it might not be a total shit-show after all. But given that plenty of very intelligent people whose opinions I trust and who are far closer to the facts than I am think it's an appalling idea, then I also believe it's an appalling idea.
Just because you vote in a referendum doesn't mean you like the fact that you have to vote in a referendum in an attempt to stop stupid people fucking up your country.
Yeah, it's really settled Brexit once and for all hasn't it.
Sorry, you're suggesting that the certainty of companies abandoning the UK is better than having companies wait and see? Staying in the CU/SM until the next parliament would fulfil the terms of the referendum and be a reasonable compromise given a 52-48 vote. Then if people aren't satisfied with that either way the door remains open for them in the next parliament.
You seem confused between a referendum and a general election. So what about all the other questions I asked? What are the answers to those if it's all 'settled'? Honestly no idea how anyone can look at the current enduring shit-show and call it 'settled'. I've never known this country more fucked.
Hehe - good answer. I think the difference with that one was that abortion is a very personal choice: if you don't agree with abortion then don't have an abortion. Unfortunately those of us who enjoyed the rights we earned as part of the EU are having them taken away from us. It helps that it was a very convincing victory and I think every leader who promises a referendum hopes that they're going to get a nice clear margin to settle the debate. Shame that didn't work out for Cameron though....
Exactly - prompted by your moronic statement that democracy becomes less healthy the further away - physically - the decision makers get. Perhaps you'd care to reflect upon your statement?
Well firstly, you're changing what you originally said which is that democracy is less healthy when physical distance is greater which is plainly crap. As to your last post, is it so hard to understand that we are not "accepting legislation passed down from another country" - the EU is a supra-national body of which we are a part meaning that we are as much a decision-maker as any other country, and given various vetoes that we had, even more so. I could half understand it if you were equating Scotland, NI and Wales to Britain given that England has the lion's share of the population meaning that it is difficult for their voices to be heard, but that wouldn't in any way apply with the EU. So everyone in this country *is* represented by their fellow nationals, and then of the people we elect we pass representatives to a continent-wide organisation who also has power. Why do you think the latter overrides the former? It doesn't.
Here's a really simple question for you: Is the EU a country?
You said we had to follow rules handed down by another country. Feel free to retract that at your leisure. This isn't semantic nonsense, it's absolutely critical to the debate.
OMFG IT IS POSSIBLE!!!11
I'd go further than that: I think if the EU just let us do some tiny, tiny token gesture of a restriction on FOM that is just 0.1% more control than anyone else in the EU has had before, then that'd be enough for the government to crow about victory in restricting FoM, and for most British people - especially the ones who don't massively give a shit or can't be bothered to inform themselves, or just can't be bothered with this never-ending Brexit shambles to go "OK yeah that'll do. Cancel Brexit."
I think 51+% of this country would be more than happy to have any kind of face-saving way out of this shit-show.
&gt; I'm so bored with the whole Brexit thing It's barely started. Expect 5-10 more years of this, and that's just before we decide to re-join.
Yes.
We've always governed ourselves. It's scary how many people believe that isn't the case.
If I've learnt one thing from Brexit, it's that there are a lot of really fucking dim people in this country.
That's like saying you're a modern day slave because your employer asks you to work a set number of hours. The EU is a club with rules agreed by its members, of which we are one. Your example is just the same as why schools can't just expel pupils the minute they become problematic. Or is that the EU's fault too?
I thought you didn't care? Make your mind up.
One day down
I think you're missing the point. A 2% swing and there's no majority for Brexit any more. Arguably that's already happened anyway, so another few percent and Brexit will become even more politically toxic than it already is.
I think they rely heavily on the fact that most people can't be arsed to go and do the homework for the sake of a few quid and will just take their word for it.
Kelp forests or other saltwater plant life like mangroves would surely get round that issue?
I reckon more like Chilcott mkII. How did Cameron's personal ambition come together with decades of lies about the EU in the gutter press to drive this national self-harm? There's a lot of parallels to the Iraq war.
It's not sensible at all. Housing for one: the problem with the housing market is demand outstripping supply, and you want to force a load more demand? Making them buy a British car that *doesn't exist* - unless you're talking luxury top-end ones like Aston Martin? Making them send their kids to university when most people over-50 will have kids who are already grown up and left home. Making them stop work at 50 creating a huge amount of wasted human capital - we don't currently have an unemployment problem in the UK so you'd create millions of vacancies that just can't be filled. What's more, £1m is not enough to buy a house, buy an Aston Martin, put kids through uni and live comfortably for the rest of your life. There can be sensible ways that handout to a certain demographic will kick-start an economy, but this isn't it.
....except that Theresa May has expressly promised "No hard border in Ireland". And if that changes, no Brexit negotiations and no deal Brexit - which will get voted down in Parliament. Hence why this backstop wording is so critical, because at the moment it's 100% inevitable that that's where we're heading - permanent backstop.
Random sampling of what, where? If it's not at the border then it's meaningless - only it can't be at the border because that's, y'know, a hard border.
&gt; if a no deal scenario emerges because of that, then so be it. Sorry, but anyone who still thinks a no-deal scenario outcome is acceptable is just a fucking moron. The number of Brexiters who would rather watch the country burn than admit they were wrong is scary.
I wasn't saying he is - I'm just guessing at what OP was suggesting, and I'd guess he starred it rather than get into that debate.
I'm amazed Theresa May allowed herself to confirm no hard border - it was inevitable that this would be an intractable problem; maybe it's what she intended all along in which case she played a blinder getting Davis, Johnson et al to agree to it as a red line. Maybe they just didn't think it would be that hard. &gt; We are currently being dictated to as to what a “hard border” is by Ireland You say "being dictated to"; I say 'being asked to explain'. There's too much hand-waving - electronic border, technological solution, max fac - all of it just hollow sound-bites with no substance behind them. Being asked to actually put meaningful detail behind suggestions is not being dictated to, it's just not being allowed to hand-wave away serious and legitimate concerns.
It's not necessarily that. They just have to not vote Labour.
No - more like Labour to Don't know, Don't know to Tory.
&gt; islamification of europe Every time I see this bollocks (or 'Islamification of Britain') I stop reading. All religions are dying - all of them. That some Muslims move into different countries doesn't change this.
Tell that to your fellow Brexiteers who are adamant they're not.
I've seen this kind of argument before, and it's usually pretty lame. Given that humans are incapable of not passing basic judgements on anyone whether it's for their skin colour, the way they speak, the clothes they wear, the job they do, whatever - then yeah, everyone's a racist because who *wouldn't* notice if someone is different to the majority for some reason. The bit you're missing is that racism has to necessarily have a pernicious undertone to it, or an intent to cause that person harm purely because of their skin colour, nationality etc; that's a very different matter, and I'd say the vast majority of people don't ascribe to that at all.
The thing that marks racism out is not whether you *notice* the differences in peoples' race/ethnicity/nationality etc, or even hold a personal preference towards one or other: it's whether you *act* in a way that disadvantages others based on that. Y'know, like voting for Brexit as opposed to not voting for Brexit.
Islam is subject to the exact same existential pressures as all other religions. That there are some demographic changes whereby Muslims have more kids or are moving into other countries in numbers doesn't change the fact. Education is the biggest threat to organised religion and Islam won't avoid this. Forgive me if I don't see too much objective analysis in a group called 'Pew Forum'.
I think you're missing the point, as was Gove: all these 'organisations with acronyms' that kept 'consistently getting it wrong' is just a convenient air-brushing: economic forecasting is just another form of predicting the future, and evidently that is something that *nobody will ever get consistently right* because *it's the future*; yet that doesn't mean you abandon all attempts to assess potential future outcomes; the people doing the forecasting are the most qualified people there are, and for this reason their opinions on their subject are more valuable than your average man on the street. Pointing to occasions when someone trying to predict the future didn't do so accurately is really fucking stupid, and panders to this dumb idea that all opinions are equally valid, which is the greatest myth of this generation.
Yeah, let's have more ad hominem attacks on Remainers - brilliant. Meanwhile we can't even *start* Brexit negotiations because it's such an utter shit-show. But I'm pleased for you that this article made you feel a bit better about yourself for a few minutes.
Schrodingers Brexit, where we had nothing to lose, and yet cannot bear that we might lose what we didn't have.
This is the next fall-back position of Brexiters. We've gone through "German car makers and Italian prosecco manufacturers will make the EU bend to our will"; then "it was never about the economy" and then "it's because the EU won't bend to our will" now we're onto "if only Brexit had been done properly it would have been great" with a side-order of "the government are making a mess of it". If we ever get any kind of outcome in place it'll be "I voted for Brexit but I didn't vote for *this*", or "I didn't think it'd be *my* job that would be lost..." with a bit of "we were lied to". It'd be amusing if it wasn't my own country.
You either have democracy or you don't. Saying you have a little bit of democracy is like being a little bit pregnant. I'm not really sure how you can suggest we had *some* democracy, or that it's a good thing that we will now have less influence...?
As a Briton, I'm slightly disappointed that the artist forgot to include our PM on there. Although I'm not altogether surprised either.
Well nothing's quite as amusing as watching your man-child president embarrassing your country more each week...
There isn't a single person in either the EU or our own government who couldn't be removed if there is a mandate for it. FPTP may not be perfect but it is still democratic.
Arguably we don't have a leader. There's some woman who is keeping the seat warm at the moment, but seemingly nobody can actually lead Britain at present.
I've never had a problem with immigration. I just wonder what your average Brexit voter would think if you told them that following us leaving the EU, immigration would be going up, not down?
And what if the answer to "why" was "because businesses need them"? Who decides what's a good enough answer and what isn't? 'Unlimited' immigration: depends on what you mean; I see immigration as having its own natural checks and balances, in that if jobs aren't there and living costs are extortionate then they will stop coming. What's more there's plenty of evidence that immigrants increase GDP, not detract from it, so until that changes I don't really have any problem with it, no.
Surely if the UK elected a load of remain-supporting MPs in 2017 that suggests that there's a mandate to remain?
&gt; I see the likely option that we're going for a technology border ...that nobody has yet invented....?
Sorry, you're suggesting that just because you can conceive of a concept it's only a matter of time before 'they' invent it? Great - in which case can I have a guaranteed cure for all major illnesses, a solution to excess carbon in the atmosphere and maybe a device that removes all the plastic from the oceans? See what you're proposing is some technology that can look inside thousands of moving vehicles a day at specific points on hundreds of public roads, and that can tell whether the goods inside those moving vehicles conform to EU or UK regulations, or that the people inside are all accounted for and have the right paperwork. It's so utterly impractical and unworkable that nobody with an ounce of sense has actually thought it through to its conclusion without realising this. See when you say you're sure "they" could create some form of solution given modern technology: I am one of those people you'd consider to be one of the "they" you refer to - have worked in IT for over 20 years across a number of companies and industries and have loads of experience of getting new technology designed and delivered, and I'm telling you, for free, that this is bullshit. At best we'll see some kind of shonky prototypes that might give some people some hope that some of the more basic technical challenges that solve a small fraction of the concerns could be met, but this is pie in the sky stuff. Of course it's not literally impossible - nothing is - but this would take the kind of concerted will and budget that put a man on the moon, and you don't have either the will or the budget behind this.
&gt; Fuck me do you IT workers need taking down a peg Literally the very people you're relying on solving the problem for you.
(I'm a he, not a she FWIW. CheesyLala was my son's name for his imaginary friend when he was a regular teletubbies viewer so I thought I'd adopt it for Reddit.)
Fuck me, not this argument again surely? OK: shipping containers enter a secure and highly controlled area where they are checked. They are then closed up and locked, put on a ship that is tracked from that secure and highly-controlled area through a route where they are virtually tamper-proof until they reach another secure and highly-controlled area where they are unlocked and checked again. Contrast this with random unknown bloke driving an unknown van with unknown contents along an unknown route made up entirely of public roads from which he can divert at any point to make any number of unscheduled stops, opening his van up at any point to change the contents without anyone knowing - and you need to be able to track that with no physical infrastructure. If you're talking about containers on the back of lorries, then they pass through physical borders where checking takes place; maybe not for every single one, but enough that it acts as a deterrent for smugglers; if there's too much smuggling you increase the number of checks. Is this helping?
Or, alternatively: - Your 'winning' the vote was by so narrow a margin that even your own cheerleader said it would be 'unfinished business' - which everything since has proven to be true - The GE that May called to bolster her position was a resounding personal failure and she lost her commons majority and thus her mandate to deliver her version of Brexit - which is exactly why every vote is a new exercise in semantic fudging designed to create a bit more road down which the can is further kicked - The government cannot get a majority for ANY version of Brexit, least of all hard Brexit; no deal is effectively dead in the water meaning that we will have the choice of a shit deal or backing out of this; May has had to concede ground today meaning she won't get a shit deal through parliament - On top of all of this, the polls show that the general population is inexorably turning away from Brexit with more people every day believing it's the wrong course to pursue - and that not to mention that the demographics are against Brexit too; so you know for a fact that the next time there's a vote on Brexit you will lose it. That might be next week, it might be to rejoin in 5 years, but Brexit will prove to have been an unpleasant little blip in our membership of the EU. So thanks - I am lapping it up. Great to watch Brexiters squirming as they realise they backed a load of empty promises that no sensible government is capable of delivering.
It isn't the requirement that *every* vehicle gets searched - it's that *any* vehicle *can* be searched, and that *enough* vehicles can be searched that smugglers are dissuaded from attempting to breach those border. And yes, that very much exists on the EU's outer borders at present.
Yeah, I can really see a lot of common ground being found between Corbyn &amp; McDonnell on one side and Rees-Mogg and Boris Johnson on the other...
Couldn't be any worse than any of the current lot.
What a nonsense statement. The fact of it is that of all the many ways that the UK could leave the EU have major flaws to them meaning that none of them even remotely get majority support when the level of detail has to go deeper than merely 'leave v remain'.
I don't know why they don't just call it the Liberal party, that's basically what it is. Good solid brand with plenty of history and creates a bit of distance from Lib Dems.
I love this idea that 'the elite' are all remain voters. Brexit was the most privileged 1% persuading the least privileged 50% that the 49% of people above them were shafting them. Look at the ERG in the Tory party - a bunch of Old Etonian hedge fund managers and disaster capitalists - and tell me they're *not* part the elite.
&gt; Because that is precisely what that vote meant. It’s all it could ever have meant. What total rubbish.
&gt; we don't even get to elect our representatives in the EU I can't believe how often people trot out this line even though it's demonstrably nonsense.
&gt; Maybe in 10 years we will rejoin The demographics are already against Brexit, and the polls are turning inexorably against it as well. By the 2022 general election (if it takes that long) we'll still be in our never-ending transition period, and I'd bet good money the government that gets returned will have a mandate to rejoin.
Yeah, and be even further from power than ever. You can slag Blair off all you like, but he implemented more socialist-friendly policies than anyone else has in the last 40 years. Better to have compromise in power than principle in opposition, and until Labour remember that they'll continue to disappoint.
At the moment lots of people are voting Tory just because they can't bear the idea of a government comprised of the likes of Corbyn, McDonnell, Abbott etc. I know several people who would abandon voting Tory if only Labour would move slightly more to the centre again, but who view it that as long as Corbyn's there they will vote for anyone who will keep him out of power. You seem to think there's some kind of binary thing going on here, that there's Corbynism and there's Blairism and those are the only choices; there are plenty of people who would make Labour far less toxic to the general public, who wouldn't have to compromise on Labour principles and who would win back voters from the centre ground. Corbyn has decades of baggage that he will never throw off, and too many people see him as an old-fashioned trot still fighting the battles of the 1980s. They need someone with new ideas, with a view of the future and who has far, far broader appeal.
With both the main parties wavering on Brexit and holding steady in the polls on 40% it would just take a combination of Lib Dem, Green and SNPs to throw their weight behind whoever would allow a second referendum. What's more, everything that's happened so far has just been fudging, buying time, and bluster around options that aren't even remotely realistic. Once things start to come to a head and people realise that we'll be facing a choice between no deal, a totally shit deal and calling the whole thing off then a lot more MPs will start to call it out for what it is. Short of all parties doing some really major deselecting of long-standing MPs in safe seats, parliament will keep voting down both the no deal and the shit deal.
&gt; Rebels obviously flummoxed at last minute change For which read 'rebels furious that their leader overtly lied to their face' Feels like May is finally running out of road and can now only buy another day through blatantly lying to her own MPs. The end has to be soon for May now. I'm desperately hoping that one of the arch-Brexiteers gets to replace her so that it's even more evident that nobody can deliver the idiotic shit-storm that is Brexit.
Spot on. So far all we've had is shadow dances and proxy wars, endless positioning, personal ambition, picking sides, jockeying for position and non-stop political wrangling. I'm still convinced that once the general public sees what Brexit *actually* looks like they will run a fucking mile.
I guess both sides of the Tory party know that their differences are irreconcilable, but if your leader looks you in the eye and promises you that she will give you what you're asking for if you lend her your trust, you'd want to believe her, right? No wonder they're so furious. I mean it's one thing when the general public have to be tricked by con-men into voting for Brexit, it's another thing when our MPs are being tricked into it by the fucking Prime Minister.
You can put it like that if you like. Those 4 freedoms are a fundamental cornerstone of the entire EU, so if even one of them changes for one country then huge amounts of how the EU functions would be thrown up into the air. Imagine all the endless wrangling about borders, residential status, trade deals, shared bodies (Galileo, Euratom etc) that we've had for Brexit alone and then consider that that's one country. The minute you let one country cherry-pick from the 4 freedoms then other countries will all want their own personal version as well, and the whole thing becomes a bureaucratic impossibility. So I'd put it more like that the EU is not willing to fundamentally undermine its core principles that have been built up over 60 years just to help Theresa May bring together the warring factions of her party.
OK, so why not tell us what will change at a national level then?
Vote based not on the thought that you'll get an MP returned, but that the 2 main parties will recognise that they're losing people and will change their position. This is exactly what UKIP did - barely got an MP returned themselves but stole enough Tory votes to scare them into offering the referendum. We need to do the same in reverse - one of the main parties won't change their position until they see enough voters moving away from them that they don't believe they can win an election any more - only then will we see one of them move to soft Brexit or second referendum.
I think it'll be more like we'll see the economy growing slower than other major economies, see business moving more operations to the continent, see prices continuing to rise in the shops and realise that poor people are still poor. and all we've done is give more free rein to the disaster capitalists and xenophobes. Meanwhile we will all join the longer queues at passport control, pay for visas for our summer holidays and see just as many immigrants coming to the UK as we ever did, only now instead of being Polish or Czech they'll be from non-EU countries.
You're absolutely right, but that's the nature of having 28 countries all trying to work together. There's a good quote - I think it's from Yannis Varoufakis from when Greece were negotiating their bailout and he kept playing the "I have a democratic mandate from the people for my approach" card, to which he got the response "everyone in the room has a democratic mandate from their people". (I'm paraphrasing as I can't remember the exact quote.) So on one hand I slightly agree with the Brexit sentiment that says 'how can you possibly have functioning government with 28 differing opinions in the room?' but then I'd turn that around and suggest that this is exactly why the EU is so unique and hard-won and worth fighting to maintain - that anything that has managed to successfully get agreements across 28 nations should not be lightly tossed aside as an inconvenience, but instead be recognised as a monumental effort of bringing together 500m people from very different cultures and backgrounds in a common approach which has delivered huge benefits.
It only takes one in every 26 Leave voters to be OK with FoM for FoM to have majority support.
So enough to make it a majority against hard Brexit then?
&gt; But that the is EUs choice This is like saying it's your choice whether or not you give me £100, therefore it's reasonable for me to expect you to give me £100. Anyone sensible would not expect someone to do something that is against their own interest.
Spot on, and I wish more people realised this. People talk about the EU like it's some shadowy cabal of men in a smoke-filled room making life-changing and irreversible policy decisions affecting a continent of 500m people, rather than the reality of it being us and 27 other nations making collective decisions en masse with equal and fair representation from all.
&gt; Nonsense, 80% of the voters backed it at the last GE and the only party standing against the ref got mullered No, that's nonsense for a number of reasons and you know it. Firstly, plenty of MPs defied their own party's position on this - so my MP got my vote only because he promised to continue opposing Brexit with every fibre of his body. Secondly, there is no alternative in most constituencies given FPTP, meaning that most people vote for the least worst of the big 2. Thirdly, the clue's in the name - it was a general election, not a specific vote on brexit. Or are you suggesting that in the space of a none-too-auspicious year we went from 52% support for Brexit to 80%? Get real. This is an utter myth and you know it.
If they voted remain that suggests that they've looked at the overall package and decided that if FoM is a negative it is outweighed by the positives of EU membership. That can't be applied in reverse for the Leave vote, as there was no clarification in the referendum as to whether leaving the EU would necessarily mean leaving the single market and thus ending FoM.
&gt; the remainers in the tory party have had their chain publicly yanked They didn't: they were tricked by their own leader. This wasn't some powerplay where Brexiteers revealed their superior numbers, this was government by lies and trickery where a promise was made and then almost immediately reneged on. I fully hope and expect that when this gets kicked back from the Lords again they will respond accordingly.
Sigh - not this bullshit again. Please show me the technology that can look at the goods inside a moving vehicle on an uncontrolled public road at a specific point with no infrastructure that can tell whether those goods meet EU regulations or not. Because that's what it needs to be able to do.
I disagree that you disagree. See how pointless that is as a statement on its own?
Dreams are better than nightmares.
Only 2 - Field and Hoey. There aren't many Labour MPs who wouldn't support parliament having a meaningful vote in the event of no deal, as they don't want it being a Tory-led stitch-up if it starts to go to shit.
