There's been a new Scarlet Spider for years-- Kaine. And he worked out of Houston. And he was **awesome**. I am not even kidding.
Yeah I saw that TIL too.
&gt; Men want advice, women want someone to listen to them and then validate how they feel (i.e., "man, that's tough, sorry about that!") You had me until here. Even as a generalization this is stupid. In my experience it varies far far more on a person-to-person basis. You'd be amazed how many men I've known were talking to me looking for validation, while how many women were looking for actual constructive help. I have yet to notice either gender which leaned one way or the other. Most people want a mix. Anyone who believes this aphorism is a fool.
Oh sweetie, you don't understand the appeal at all. Doctor Who has always been and always will be really cheesy. Even at its absolute zenith the show is a giant mound of six kinds of blended cheesy ridiculousness. You're essentially saying to someone "don't worry the first season of CSI is dumb but they drop a lot of the nonsense technology after that." You're both straight-up lying to get someone to like your favorite show *and* failing to understand what the show's key appeals even are.
Then he looks like the sex offender too oblivious to realize everyone can see him wearing mirrored glasses indoors unless they exclusively play outside in sunny weather.
Women in a lot of athletic and even professional fields tend to have uniform standards that accent their sexual features to a much greater degree than men. Not every woman minds this and a lot of them enjoy the uniform style and that's good too, but as a standard it should be eyebrow-raising at the least.
Whenever someone points out about how weird it is that women are held to a "sexier" uniform standard than men I'm reminded of--oddly enough--Star Trek. Star Trek has been notorious for literally 50 years now for dressing up its lady characters in provocative outfits relative to the men. Sure a lot of the guys got put into weird sexual outfits too, but it wasn't as common, revealing, and by 1982 in the movies and 1990 on The Next Generation the standard had relaxed enough that men weren't forced to wear the tightest suits possible. The ladies on the other hand.... And that's cool enough. No one is really trying to speak for every woman who was on the show, but notice this-- all the regular cast members who were initially put in tight, revealing eye-catching suits like Troi and Seven of Nine were all much more well-regarded whenever they were put into the standard uniform. They were still unambiguously beautiful and feminine, but now they didn't stand out like a sore thumb around a bunch of comparatively sensibly dressed guys. I bet it was easier to concentrate on set too.
No. You are. I mean that too. You could have just drank alone with your thoughts but you came to us. You're gonna get through this man.
I would trade GRRM for Lemmy, Bowie, and Rickman in a heartbeat, no contest. We might even see more books that way.
Was a kid at the time when this aired-- it was lame then too.
He built himself Iron Man shit on a working class kid budget without slinging drugs. If that's a bitch then sign me the fuck up.
Aw baby fell for the clickbait and is mad.
Aw it's not about taking the land, it's about holding it. Idiot.
If you're going to play the "it's a satire" card, then know that Rent is a pretty shitty fucking satire. Most satires have at least some element to tip their hand, but in Rent is plays everything as straight as you can imagine.
I haven't been a fan of Tina Fey's output since about the midpoint of 30 Rock aside from her book, but when that woman is on she is *on*.
Nah, the order goes: * II: Wrath of Khan * IV: The Voyage Home or VI: The Undiscovered Country depending on your preference * Galaxy Quest * First Contact the rest is entirely optional.
John Darnielle is a crazy hard-working dude and his creative energy is fucking **commendable**, but yeah as a very big fan it takes no genius to spot that he's a very limited vocalist and he works against making his lyrics enjoyable more often than not.
**Cry For Judas** is solid, but really? **First Few Desperate Hours** and **This Year**? This Year is good but not a great way to convince someone The Mountain Goats are something *other* than whiny teenager chronicles. First Few Desperate Hours is also good but I can't endorse it. **No Children** on the other hand, showcases them at their 10/10 best. For a third spot I'd take maybe, **Love Love Love** or perhaps **Heretic Pride**, or **Pigs That Ran Straightaway Into The Water, Triumph Of**. Yes these songs are all hook-heavy and "simple" relative to how off the map Darnielle's lyrics can go, but it'll at least get people to respect that he can crank out a really good tune.
It's fake. RiskyRobTV still gets paid.
Hasn't that been happening in Seattle for at least 25 years or so now?
Hunter-gatherer ancestors also ate those fats in extremely low amounts relative to what they eat today.
Not you and the people who upvoted you though. You're the ones who *know*. (I upvoted you)
Including something a bit more specific, like Tinder information. There are assholes out there who send the "your husband is cheating on you. Search his phone for proof." message just to stir shit up.
Well friend it's because we all have to deal with it. It's not that there's no sympathy, but come on what are you doing about it? Guess what? When I get passed up for a lady's attention because a 6'2" dude with a strong jawline and smug look on his face shows up, I'm pissed. Do I fall down and cry? No. I move the fuck on with my life. When my ex-girlfriend in high school decided to shame my 6" dick for not being 8" I was insecure for years. I still am to a degree. Does that mean I have to just give up enjoying what my dick is? There are plenty of women who don't seem to mind it. And it cuts both ways. Do you think the women I've been with have been my "first choice" in terms of sexual attraction? Hell no. Were they the "only ones I could get?" Also no. And guess what? They weren't unattractive at all. Does it chafe sometimes that I'm not a big shot? Of course. But life goes on and just because you're not a movie star doesn't mean you don't get to have an awesome life. So go have an awesome life.
I know right? The compassion drips from his post. Oh wait, not compassion, entitlement. That's the word. Yeah weird how I can get those confused. Oh wait, it's not weird because no one would ever get those confused.
Angel as well. It's frustrating, but that's the entire point.
I should not have read this after reading about prions, because now I'm freaking out.
That's a fair consideration. I'm referring specifically to trying to weedle out information of third parties or sources, or pumping her for information like "was he bigger than me?" Details don't mean **all** the details.
&gt; Ya it is more of a book of humor Then don't fucking source it.
Pity there's likely little rehab in there. Just a lot of management to keep him in line.
Do you even Enterprise?
I'm sorry about whatever happened to you and whomever may have touched you.
It's a sweet bit and Patrice was dynamite at delivery, but it does feel like it's missing the point a little too much for the sake of Black-on-White/White-on-Black comedy. Patrice sells it 100% and it's funny, but it's too broad to catch on.
You seem cool, but as others have said what are you doing to communicate that you're interested in commitment? There's a market of guys out there who are into that, although yeah you run the risk of finding a douche willing to say what you want to hear to sleep with you or some lunk who thinks he wants marriage because he's infatuated with you. As a guy in a similar boat it's hard for me because most women I'm attracted to seem to be locked down in serious commitments already, and those that aren't either have kids from prior relationships (don't want), are just looking for hook-ups (not my bag), or are looking for "Mr. Right" and aren't willing to compromise in the name of mutual growth. It's a numbers game, and I'm sorry it's bothering you so much. I can feel a variant of that frustration and yeah thank god we're happy in other areas of our lives. Still, good luck.
I work in a hospital. I know 20 guys offhand who can do that except one writes novels in his spare time, one plays the guitar, and one is a whiz at home improvement, one is really really buff, several are almost nurses making solid money with great emergency response skills, and so on down the list. Almost all of them have great girlfriends/wives. I'm in a similar boat so understand I'm not saying this to shit on you-- "a good ability to help people when they are in need" is the bare fucking minimum for decent companionship in this world.
Well what do you bring to the table? Do you keep yourself clean and presentable? Are you plugged into the world to some degree and contribute? Do you have any passions or hobbies? If you want them to like you then you **have** to have a good answer for these. And moreover you have to like yourself. No one wants a guy who isn't happy with who he is.
When reaction time can be measured in fractions of seconds? I'm personally skeptical but optimistic.
Nope!
Tell me something I don't know.
With acquaintances, strangers, or work colleagues this can do more harm than good because you're bringing an explicit sexual dimension into the equation instead of one that's relatively nebulous.
&gt;I haven't had a real girlfriend in a very long time, and a good sexual encounter in a long time. For the most part I'm ok with it and trying to get my shit together elsewhere, and my life isn't that bad. Literally the very first thing I said. I also don't put women on pedestals. That's precisely why the problem is annoying-- my body and mind aren't on the same page.
Body language, mostly. Tone of voice helps as well. I understand how tempting it is to dismiss things.
Oh you children. Scooby Doo has been doing the crossover thing so long I'm willing to bet it predates the Bicentennial.
Given the use of ballet it makes me think "everyone wants to be successful, until they realize the rewards aren't worth it."
/r/GetMotivated likes to encourage an animal ferocity that pretends that luck doesn't exist. They're wrong. The worst is when it's someone like Peter Dinklage acting like his work ethic somehow discounts the role of luck or that acknowledging that luck plays a role in life undercuts his effort. It doesn't on either count. No one is ever saying that the successful weren't hard-working or that they weren't exceptional or that their hard work mitigated the role of luck, but they still got lucky in a myriad of ways that no one can plan nor account for. They weren't randomly struck by lightning or delayed that extra 5 minutes by a traffic accident that prevented them from a crucial meeting they might never be aware was crucial, and they were lucky to be born into an economic class with reasonable health that allowed them to pursue the opportunities they wanted in the first place. Acknowledging these factors does not take away from someone being exceptional, it just acknowledges that they're not gods. It takes the truly brave to understand this and go at something whole-hearted anyway.
&gt; 3) Being underpaid and under educated, solitary isolation is a tempting way to deal with a problem child until your shift is over. Then he's someone else's problem. This is my biggest worry, because while banning Solitary is unambiguously A Good Thing I worry that in the long run it's going to contribute to the burnout of the few people willing to take on this difficult job.
[Wonderella made this joke way better like half a decade ago](http://nonadventures.com/2011/07/23/the-long-con/)
For me it's more like "I know I'm ugly but maybe you're into that?"
It's not my thing but I recognize good art, a fun time, and lots of good fanservice for the ladies when I see it.
Oh it's that guy.
At work I'm not really well-integrated nor respected, which is fine as I'm not really looking at it as a career, but it does leave me feeling isolated more often than not. I'm about to go in for 4 out of the next 5 days doing 12.5 hour shifts, and while it's far from the worst job I've had it's going to involve a lot of twilight isolation. And I started school and while I'm happy with my participation, I feel very out of step and challenged by the social aspect. I'm older so I've got the 21 Jump Street problem where the younger students are visibly less mature but more in-tune with modern education, which is fine but leaves me feeling on the outside and before you ask **no** there are not other older students in these particular classes in the same boat. It's also annoying because I'm a natural shit-stirrer and loud-mouth with little grit to back it up, so I'm suppressing my instincts as experience has taught me that running my mouth doesn't collaborate well and ends with me being humiliated. Thanks for listening. I really appreciate it.
Yeah I tend to be pretty avoidant, but at work I think it's because I have a hard time reading other people's needs/demands, a harder time doing smalltalk in an office where I'm an extreme gender minority (often the only guy on a staff of 16), so it's easier to let other people come to me with what they want while I manage my own corner.
Adults whine all the time did you really think they were joking?
Undercover cop on assignment develops split personality from imaginary future drug, ends up brain damaged in a rehab facility that takes braindead junkies and uses them to help farm the plants that the imaginary drug is made of. His police superiors set him up to do this with implied triggers that will help them blow the lid on the whole operation. You just don't notice because 5/6th of the movie is told from the perspective of the junkie as the junkie and you're made to feel his confusion as his brain turns to mush. Woody and RDJ are effectively comic relief and a red herring respectively.
That's a buzzword for "remake" because remake gathered too many negative connotations.
If you're located anywhere near me I'm down. EST? (I know you were being facetious)
Depending on the end, that's surprisingly doable. I'm a beast to the East. Springsteen country.
You're a bit snobby, but the criticism is fair.
I don't care about being better later because there's always a later. I care about being better now.
Counter intuitively you can do more of a favor to him by showing how badly he's done at respecting boundaries. Whether he can learn from that experience is on him.
This has been pretty popular for years in the right circles. It's also amazing at 4 am. Don't know what you're smoking to get so freaked OP.
They'd have to undo 25+ years of shitty practices to do that. Anyone who is fooled by any PR is a child or an idiot with no sense of history.
I imagine if it wasn't for the popular Star Trek movies of the time it would have died a quick death.
He's notorious for being an ass.
I'd watch a movie based on those stories. Seems like a good vehicle for rising comedians.
So you're kind-of a weenis huh?
&gt; You probably look hot jogging on a treadmill and if you don't yet you will. Challenge absolutely accepted. I'm like a bag of bowling balls that wheezes.
Oh hey look that thing that everyone totally saw coming is happening **how could anyone have forseen this!?**
Yeah that's what I thought he meant. /r/blackpeopletwitter is just super stereotype-y and encourages black/white divisions period, which is a soft form of racism. Not some weasel-y "I'm gonna assume you're white so did you know that the sub is racists towards whitey too?"
Use a proxy.
Develop skills and interests that bring something to the table. Girls your age are about as dumb as you but in 3-5 years will jump on you if you've got your shit together and something to offer. If you want to go nerdy look into stuff like blacksmithing/metalworking, music of any stripe, home improvement of all sorts, and of course things like finances and real estate. They're more acquired tastes than anime or video games but the dividends they pay are one hundredfold greater.
Someone paid you for quoting a book
Oh puppy I told you stuff that nerdy girls I've known dig in their men. Develop it now because you never know when you'll run into someone who can appreciate it.
It's a *visual* medium. Am I the first person to ever notice this?
Nah. Unless you're having serious trouble finding the things *period* (you're not), then it's not on that level.
That is what they said. There were loads of nostalgia posts and it seems like Firaxis or whomever just assumed a skin update would sell it, not noticing that Alpha Centauri was a *lot* more than just "Civ in space."
"Things people born after 2000 sincerely believe"
I'd be wary. The reputation is a bit overblown. It's not bad but one of those games that substitutes neon as a shorthand for 80s and hides behind literally everything you could criticize (subpar gameplay, bad meta jokes) as "its supposed to be that way it's a cheesy 80s movie." Try Metal Gear Solid V for some actual 80s gameplay you can hit some Outrun to. No neon but a much more Outrun spirit.
Yeah I was confused. I didn't see Felicity or characters talking about where Felicity is. Are we sure this is a Green Arrow book?
It's set during the 80s and actually looks/feels like the 80s.
If your flair is anything to go by its because as a Mei main my inclination is to torture D.va
Katheryn Winnick is still my top pick but she's a pipe dream. Brie Larson will definitely suit this part well.
Yeah; there's breaking free of self-pity and seizing self-actualization, but that's a totally separate issue from being challenged by external forces and failing that challenge.
She's been around on TV a while, but Vikings is what she's known for.
Nathan Drake is one of the most boring characters I have ever seen in fiction. Krasinski deserves better.
Look up the late 80s Christmas special that has all the "Main" Muppets, the Sesame Street gang, and the Fraggle Rock crew all in one house.
* Iron Man 2 is messy because of a compromised script but is actually pretty damn good. ------------ * The first Thor is wildly underrated. * Chris Hemsworth is great as Thor, but his accent hamstrings him. * I actually *like* Darcy and Erik Selvig. I hate Natalie Portman, even though I like the role her character serves. * Loki is vastly overrated for the same reason the Joker is vastly overrated -------------- * The first Avengers has the best structure and the most fun battle scene in the series, and deserves rightful props, but Joss Whedon's script and direction have already aged very, very poorly. Any interior shot is nigh-guaranteed to suck. Scarlett Johansson looks lost half the time. What the Avengers Initative even is is very poorly spelled out. It's just messy. * Mark Ruffalo in Age of Ultron was *terrible* because his character both went inexplicably backwards and had his social intelligence severely downgraded. * Joss Whedon can't write Chris Evans' Captain America for shit. * Age of Ultron needed to be either much *more* lighthearted and romp-y, or *severely* intimate and dark. Trying to split the difference is why it's such a bloated, overlong movie. In light of Civil War I'm inclined to go with the former. * Quicksilver in Age of Ultron was fantastic and Quicksilver in the X-Men movies is the *worst*. * Making Loki's Scepter the Mind Stone makes narrative sense, but still feels like a cheat. * Ultron in Age of Ultron was a great deal of fun ---------------- * The Mandarin twist rules you weird nerds. ---------------------- * Vincent D'nofrio's Kingpin has the worst affected voice and it ruins his performance. It ruined Season 1 of Daredevil for me. * Krysten Ritter is a great actress and I love her in other things, but she was horribly miscast as Jessica Jones. It ruined that series for me as well. * Agents of Shield didn't "get better" halfway through Season 1. Aside from Kyle MacLachlan's amazing Mr. Hyde, Adrienne Palicki's amazing Mockingbird, J. August Richards' decent Dethlok (I just like J. August Richards and want him to have work), and Clark Gregg being Clark Gregg the series is not worth watching in the slightest.
Literally no one but me knows who these men are
It's John Carter of Mars' powers.
Maybe some strafe boosts. There's only vertical mobility boosts, no horizontal mobility.
Your username says otherwise. With love.
Literally autistic here. I don't feel your advice applies. Most of where I go I'm relegated to having to eat shit because I can't fight back. If I'm on the internet and holed up I can at least make headway in contributing to the world and don't have to be made to feel like crap for existing. "In the garage, I feel safe. No one cares about my ways. In the garage where I belong. No one hears me sing this song." "Oh but you know the song is a metaphor for teenage insecurity, awkwardness, and unrefinement and how we all have to grow out of that eventually..." Literally autistic, remember? I was struggling against that current for over two decades to little headway. Being a recluse and using the internet as my window to the world seems to be the only solution that's working now that I'm leaning into it.
&gt; I agree. I've seen people handwave the lines in TA as Steve himself taking refuge in his Cap persona while he's adjusting to being dumped 70 years in the future in the middle of an alien attack, but after AoU, I think it's pretty clear that, as you say, Whedon's vision of Cap just isn't consistent with the character as presented in his solo films. And personally, I prefer the version from his solo films. Exactly! My favorite was when I criticized the line in /r/movies one time and got dogpiled on for my "militant atheism." Goes to show right? &gt;Word to everything about Banner in AoU, too. I thought Whedon wrote him really well in TA and he was one of my favorite characters in that film, so the way he was written in AoU was a huge letdown. I've seen a lot of criticism of Widow's characterization in AoU and even agree with a lot of it, but I think Bruce got butchered the worst by far. He wasn't even recognizable as the same man. Yeah Widow got badly served to be sure, but Banner, just oh man. The worst part is you can see the better movie struggling to get out. Instead of having Banner open all mopey and insecure about collateral damage how about he's all *cocky* and enjoying being part of the team, not really as concerned with damage like he used to be. Then when Scarlet Witch mind-controls him it's a wake-up call rather than "oh god this thing I've been chronically afraid of forever has been justified for the seventh time." &gt;This one I do have to disagree on. I thought it was boring and Clint's generic Supportive Wife and Adorable Moppets were super bland. The only real redeeming feature for me was Thor stepping on the Lego. Great little character moment. I meant more that it worked narratively as a place of calm and respite... which the movie then screwed by having them fuck off to Korea for a protracted action sequence followed by the Vision crap and followed again by the protracted Sokovia crap. The Korea crap needed to be fitted into the South African part of the storyline. It didn't bother me but I do see what you mean by Clint's perfect wife and kids. &gt;Also, I guess, Cap ripping the log in half with his bare hands, but that was for purely shallow reasons. God bless Marvel's costume designers. :D Yeah I'm a straight man and even I'm glad to see Disney wisely using him and Hemsworth as man-candy for the ladies. I mean I get Scarlet Johansson in push-up bras and skin-tight leather so it's only fair.
Because why would higher classes need a set of social rules dictated by a "higher power" that give them convenient excuses for tithes, opulence, and retention of status?
Marvel comics was founded in 2013
7 million players. They can afford a little indulgence for the long-term.
Pft, you wanker. Why would I be here if I didn't have some inclination to do that already? It's not like this shit gets spammed on /r/all like /r/The_Donald. You aren't breaking the current system and you damn well know it. You're either naive, a dumbass, trying to marshal followers to a cult of personality, or some combination of all three. The main reason non-capitalist forms of society don't take root in the West is the perpetuation of the false identity that one day everyone can be a master of slaves. The second reason is because no one has the leverage nor infrastructure to break the back of capitalist momentum and only the resource-poor have any inclination to forego the creature comforts capitalism provides. The third is because there's no denying that capitalists mobilize fantastic and nearly bottomless methods of retaliation to any serious challenger. So your only real alternative is to wank off on subs like this while you hope for the magical army that is never going to materialize, or the cataclysmic world event that finally reshuffles the global deck which is also very unlikely.
I don't personally think he is, but regardless I get what they were going for-- he's still the insecure fat kid deep down so he affects a big "scary voice." I just didn't buy that because he's *already succeeded*. Part of the point of the Kingpin is that while he's a mush when it comes to Vanessa and his childhood demons on the outside he's the picture of confident, intense power and the voice just undercuts all of that. Seriously a good example is his cameo in Season 2 when he talks with the Punisher for the first time. Takes where he has the voice? Awful. When he doesn't? He's fucking scary. You're still perfectly aware of his humanity, but he actually seems like an adult.
Well like I said they're great "general Captain America" lines, but closer to the version of comics Cap where he's usually portrayed in his 40s. Chris Evans' Cap seems more like he's 28-30, so what are written as world-weary authoritative lines come across as posturing instead of commanding. And hello spectrum friend. We are indeed everywhere on the internet.
&gt; That Natalie Dormer scene kind of makes it seem like Cap is still pretty virginal and awkard around women. He didn't want to screw up what was blossoming with Peggy. &gt; As does his discomfort when Howard talks about Fondue with Peggy. He wanted to ask her if they were fucking but because it's the 1940s and Cap is kind-of dorky he went with an awkward method. &gt; And he was still waiting for his right "dance partner" when he thawed out of the ice. Yeah he never really said that. He ducked the issue until Peggy was literally dead because of how attached to her he was.
No sweat.
My rule of thumb for cool is that what is truly cool is never trying to be cool. You can even think of it thermodynamically if you're a dork-- trying to be cool takes energy which creates heat which in turn makes something hotter than cool. Rule of Cool should only be invoked by a GM and table consensus through something the player wants to do that bends or even breaks some rules, but the player attempting to do so must never be reliant on the Rule of Cool and their action must serve a function other than "wouldn't it be cool if..."
Think positively-- it's a microcosm of the problem Marvel had when X-Men, Fantastic Four, and Spider-man were tied up. Those rights not being available forced them to get creative and really up their game in selling former second-stringers like Iron man, Captain America, and Thor. Now those guys are some of the most popular heroes and a Captain America movie can outperform a Batman/Superman combo flick. So while I **really** want to see the Phalanx and Annihilus and the Negative Zone in the MCU, this too will force Marvel to dig deep and be creative about which cosmic properties to bring to the screen.
Even as late as John Byrne they were still using the "lower gravity" thing to explain at least part of Superman's powerset, although it doesn't really matter either way. But yeah O.G. Superman is such a direct riff on John Carter it's surprising no one got sued. "Stranger from another world where the lower gravity makes him more than a mere man, but a champion of the people. He can leap great distances, has the strength of ten men, and his senses are sharpened beyond even the most highly trained soldier."
I don't owe you shit.
They even show this in the movie as every woman he passes on the street is repulsed. Again why the cafe goes along with it, I couldn't tell you.
In a Greek sense? No, I don't think so. In a "sympathetic pity" sense? Yeah Castle's up there.
[OP blew his shot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fdcIwHKd_s)
Quicksilver is older by 12 seconds
Uh.... yeah. No. Here's the secret: All the really great superhero stories don't require you to know much about the continuity beforehand. ------------------------ Do you think I know that much about DC's Western characters or Arion the Atlantean Wizard from pre-1986 continuity? Of course not. But I was still able to follow and appreciate *Crisis on Infinite Earths* just fine. On the other hand Final Crisis is going to be nigh-impenetrable without annotations and a cast list because frankly it's not nearly as well-told. --------------------------- The rule of thumb with comics that newbies never follow because "they want to start at the beginning" is that regardless of where you start you pick an issue and then you work your knowledge base outwards unless you want to slog through literal decades of 1930s garbage before you get to anything resembling the heroes and universe you know and then two decades more before it starts to coalesce in a satisfying way. If a comic is too dense or incomprehensible, you pick up a different one. Eventually you hit on some ABC book like Batman: The Long Halloween and you're off to the races. ----------------------------- Now granted DC has been kind-of a dumpster fire for about 12 straight years now, but even then you can figure out a fair bit with Wikipedia and reddit. ------------------ So yeah, the big "Rebirth" push? Not that important in the scheme of things for newbies as you might think. That's more the fault of DC for not pushing "Marvel Now!" seasons of comic books to offer frequent jumping-on points, instead doing that weird half-assed thing where they try to clear the table and reshuffle their deck simultaneously.
Which is why it's hilarious to watch you guys eat crap like DC: Rebirth and call it chocolate.
It benefits their business in absolutely no way to not have projects announced for their shareholders and to give tie-in companies a head-start on what to expect. Plus fan buzz and press over these things.
Because Cranston would be a casting "get" for the MCU. There's nothing mystical about it.
There's no set time. You can skim over in less than an eyeblink or spend hours dissecting each line. That's one of the interesting things about comics that keep them from being "books with pictures" or "key frames of movies." You can read them in a non-linear fashion and entirely at your own pace.
Just a reminder that this guy has more sex with hotter women than you ever will. /r/theredpill /r/mensrights and /r/foreverunwanted await you with open arms. E-- [uj] either a lot of y'all can't pick up the sarcasm or we have some very sad MCJ users in the audience.
Oh puppy, we were saying stuff like this back in *2000* when the cinema landscape was mostly dominated by Matrix wannabes, much less a $10 billion franchise juggernaut like the MCU. What people used to call the "superhero movie wave" has proven to be more of a superhero deluge that has settled and formed a lake ontop of the blockbuster industry. League will slot in just fine.
I have nothing against this, it's the kind-of concept that lends itself to a bevy of great interpretations. I just don't know what vision they possibly have for this remake. A fun Hollywood romp is what they tried before, they're definitely not going to go the lit-nerd route of Moore's book, but what else really is there in-between for a high-budget special effects adventure movie?
Functionally next to nothing.
So I see. Interesting.
A class does not translate to action, nor even necessarily understanding. They know that though. They're taught how to pass off and mollify with euphemisms or coded language because "fuck you, we're doing business and you're getting in the way of *me* making money."
&gt; Brian Tee Might be. He's closer.
&gt; Daniel Henney I am spending way more time than I thought checking out Asian beefcakes today.
[Learn your history kids. It could save your life.](http://imgur.com/m1s4MYy)
Jesus Christ 30 years and the high watermarks are still some Elseworlds side projects. I love those books too but it's honestly kind-of sad that DC still has nothing it'd rather show on top.
No one but uneducated swine say that Citizen Kane is the best movie because they recognize that "best" is a meaningless benchmark in fiction. Citizen Kane was a massively important movie, is what they say, because it was, and it happens to remain very watchable and modern for a movie of the period. Watchmen didn't redefine shit btw. It was a trendsetter for "dark" styles that rarely worked out well in the long term and a misguided notion that treating a superhero story with metatextuality was the same thing as revealing depth. The only "dark" book that proved genuinely revolutionary work from that era was Miracleman. The Dark Knight Returns had a lot of technical influence too. The rest was actually pretty *evolutionary*, there was simply a crest between the relaxing of the Comics Code, the rise of the Adult Reader/Fan-turned-creator, and the market shifting to comic shops wherein experimentation and refinement in storytelling was given much more freedom to explore. No. The sadness is that after 30 years DC still beats the drum of those side projects when there have been dozens of other worthy works: All-Star Superman, 52, Green Lantern: Rebirth, Morrison's JLA, most of the Veritgo books from the late 80s/early 90s, Blue Beetle v.3, The Court of Owls, Rucka's Wonder Woman, Simone's Wonder Woman, Azarello's Wonder Woman, Birds of Prey, Young Justice, Secret Six, and many more. It says a troubling amount about the faith they have in their own recent (re: past quarter-century plus) work, as well as the manchildren who still cling to those two books (I've written term papers on Watchmen and TDKR rocked my world when I was 14 this is in my wheelhouse).
It's done that for most of the X-Men movies.
&gt; The cynic will say that Anet does this on purpose in order to force people to buy HoT. Other people might say that the introduction of that many new skills and traits always causes balance problems and that Anet hasn't been effective yet at addressing those problems. I think it's a bit of both. Balancing everything out really must be a scary and time-consuming proposition, and that proposition yields relatively little in the way of immediate or even moderate profits with the passive benefit of encouraging HoT purchases, so....
I think the timeline goes a little like this: * Hulk + the Avengers save New York * Thus the world governments are leery of taking Banner in because it's a bit like telling the world you want to arrest Santa Claus for getting cookie crumbs everywhere. * Cap, Widow, and Falcon expose Hyrda * Thus the world governments are caught on their back foot and wary of pressing onto the Avengers * Age of Ultron happens, where the Avengers fuck up three cities to clean up an in-house matter related to scary space bullshit involving magic rocks and killer robots. * Thus the world governments finally have their window to step in. They probably want to crunch Banner in particular, but he's MIA. They definitely want to crunch Stark, but since he's the heaviest hitter in their corner they basically decide to give him an informal pardon in exchange for his compliance. That logic doesn't *entirely* hold by the end of Civil War where Stark is telling Ross to go fuck himself, as all that's going to do is bring Ross to harass Tony, but hey 95% of the way ain't bad.
Who cares
Yeah this is going to get spanked hard.
If you aren't starting with the 70s Super Sentai and doing airdate-order viewings between those series and Kamen Rider then I don't even want to fucking know you
&gt; Introversion is the new label for quiet egoists, who want to hug themselves for being so sensitive. I know I'm not the only one but it still feels vindicating to remember other people see this too. Hugbox time!
&gt; essentially its weather you feel mentally drained or stimulated interacting with people socially That isn't a predisposition the same way you aren't predisposed to feel energized or drained while driving a car or playing a video game. You can feel either depending on a host of circumstances wholly unrelated to your brain's fundamental wiring. That's why it's pseudoscientific bullshit for people who'd rather invent a nice label to excuse their self-interested tendencies.
Yeah everyone acts like cheese/camp means you *can't* enjoy something, or if you do you must be somehow not noticing the cheese/camp. 75% of the time I'm watching Star Trek it's to laugh at it, but I do so knowing it's in on the joke and the remaining 25% are dedicated to the occasional good/great episode and fun worldbuilding stuff.
&gt; it's superheroes, not a fucking soap opera Sweetie I have some bad news for you if you think superheroes and soap operas have no overlap.
I'm a really hardcore fan, and Marvel has only made one true-blue casting misfire of an established character in their entire mega-franchise so far: Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones. Everyone else has hit their mark to varying degrees. *Everyone*. Trust in Marvel, they have earned it.
This was the biggest mindfuck in non-linear storytelling since Nolan's Batman v Wolverine: Dawn of Magic
If you think that's anywhere near the threshold of weird for Japan or anywhere then you're a lily white wimp.
Bronze Age, with an honorable mention to the early 00s, if we're talking raw average quality of story. That said every era has its virtues and drawbacks.
You two both sound really immature. Take some time to grow up and learn from this.
I've been around since the dial up days son. I remember when memes were just image macros. Impact font wasn't even codified as a vaguely corporate standard. Internet Memes have never made any real world sense. They really haven't. That's nine tenths of why seeing them used on flyers and commercials and shit, even when used "correctly", is painful and liable to end up in this sub.
I mean long running series known for melodrama, left field tone shifts, inconsistent creative vision, rotating casts, stunts like shock deaths or surprise resurrections, running in perpetuity? Nah doesn't sound like any superhero comic I've ever read. Now let's go read Civil War 2 and DC Rebirth again
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Yes but not exclusively consumers. They do produce some form of good or service in order to be able to consume after all.
Makes me wish for true blue Hellblazer art. The pop art student stuff off the vertigo book was way cooler
Welcome to super early YouTube
She's the asshole for not thinking long term which is a huge danger sign when it comes to taking care of a living creature. You're a bit of an asshole for not understanding that the desire to take care of, nurture, and have something to come home to are the base reasons anyone ever gets a pet. Still, given the allergies, she's the asshole for not recognizing a bad investment.
I predate 4chan by as many aeons as 4chan does these whelps. The channers were weak in my day. We called them "the board that eats itself." They were little more than runoff vermin too weak to proliferate anywhere else. I come from an older time, and there are times older still. Primordial boards of shadow boards and pure text. Such gods are still rumored to walk among us.
I've worked in hospitals and seen how people can die. Believe me, overdose on anesthesia is near the top of the list of best ways to go.
It would... if you had access to the chemicals you needed. That shit is kept on a tight leash for that exact reason.
Nah I'm not gonna freak because you have a pragmatic approach to death. How do you think I knew about the chemicals being hard to get? It really is probably the gold standard of methods though. There are gases but you run the risk of the damn thing not working and you mentally retard yourself. Anaesthetic just stops your heart after you go under. Even a bad failure would likely leave you close enough to death that you won't come up again.
Cool. I don't think so and I adore Ritter in other things. She was wrong for the part, I'm very sad to say.
And if it did you wouldn't give it a second's notice
I remember a friend having a book version of this around 98 or so. Man it has been a while.
Yeah. Well euthanasia definitely isn't there yet, and the hoops you'd have to jump through to do it yourself are pretty damn ridiculous. I'm sure there's some dime store concoction that would do the job but you'd need to be obsessively studied in chemistry and pharmacology to know it, and any info on it suppressed the same way bomb making instructions or RFID bypassing tips are suppressed if not censored.
Because you're on the fast track to the point where there are no kids left.
Nah. Just uncle Reinhardt
Well that's as good as it reasonably ever gets
She absolutely needs coverage from teammates, preferably a tank.
So cut me that check boy-o. Or at least Grant Morrison he did a lot of the legwork. Then tell your boss how hard it's going to be making a Holocaust victim unsympathetic for the sake of a broader thematic point. (No seriously most fans would sooner give up masturbation than spurn the "badass antihero with tragic backstory" angle of characters like Magneto, Loki, and Doctor Doom even though all are still ultimately villains, and I'm including the most famous Xmen writers of all time in that category.)
You are either very, very young or deeply uneducated.
This one is pretty common.
gb2 gbs E-- I am slightly alarmed but not at all surprised how many people are getting this.
Whatever rationalization keeps you afloat champ.
[t.hanks but no t.hanks the nadir will never be beat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfxXug5ZMdk)
Sweetie this is the WB the only thing they've reliably put out in 30 years are Batman movies. Just let them stick to what they're good at.
yeah /u/karatemanchan37 for fuck's sake get it together
I have zero nostalgia for the original, I just think the entire concept is right wing wankery (nothing against the right wing; wankery is wankery).
Intelligence and wisdom are two different stats for a reason
More know than you'd think
Bingo. Find a middle ground between handler, friend, mentor/teacher, and stranger. Articulate and learn to articulate where things stand between you and her both physically, developmentally, and emotionally on a regular, consistent basis, especially when things are not OK. Autistics can have a lot of trouble feeling oriented to the larger world so do your part to keep her calibrated. Let her know that you will work to earn her trust but that sometimes you need her to respect your authority implicitly. Find her preferred methods of communication and develop those. During calm times ask her what you can do for her during meltdowns or overloads.
Everyone wants to play the ethics card unless it's the people they call their team. I mean this for right and left wing jackasses.
Funny Johns only brought him back because Jordan was a hero when he was a kid. Fuck Geoff Johns man. So talented when he isn't pulling fanboy bullshit
A lot of people with active sex lives aren't nearly as uptight as you
Manchild uncle
Excuse me, **Wil**ennium
Yeah there was a lot of overlap between Japan and the west in the eighties. They fed into each other.
It's been sixteen years since Banjo Tooie. Infants born that year are now getting their drivers licenses and applying to colleges. For a solid ten of those years it looked like a follow up of any kind was impossible. Be grateful for what we're getting son.
You got what I was saying. Have a cookie.
Then your school kind-of sucked because the one I went to had us getting our shit together at 16. That way we weren't blindsided our senior year.
[uj]A lot of them are guys who feel disempowered because they're not strong, talented, driven, successful, and above all powerful/rich enough for their liking, and whether they realize it or not they need a target they can get away with hitting. So marketers and the bottom 10% of truly crazy motherfuckers feed into that by recasting literal minority demographics and portraying them as this nebulous, concentrated "other" full of unreasonable demands and a particular focus onto men like them. Then this mentality gets fed into via internet echo chambers. Even if they never leave /r/movies there are enough pure content threads on the "Sjw boogeyman" that conflate the bottom 10% of crazy radicals with everyone who is saying "Hey shouldn't there be more Asian leads? Shouldn't these lady characters be treated with a bit more dimension?" The fact that most people are absolute dogshit at discussion and argument on the internet in-turn fans the flames, and you quickly devolve into everyone slapfighting, name-calling, and above all *factionalizing*. So soon you get these fissures and divisions that feed into themselves, and grown-ass men who honestly believe there is a cabal of women, LGBT people, racial minorities, and "cucks" actively fighting them and worth a moral crusade over. They unironically believe in the sexist, racist garbage they spout because no one believes themselves to be a monster, and challenging those beliefs often means taking an uncomfortable inventory of their lives. Or I don't know, they smell bad and have stupid face. I couldn't really tell you.
I'm not a fan of his movies but credit where it's due--that is a fantastic poster. Very derivative, but in the best way that makes it seem fresh and new again.
I watched it for the first time out of raw curiosity a few months ago, and it didn't work out well. It's not bad, it's not good, it's just dull, which is the worst thing a campy (no pun intended) movie can be.
I'll take "confrontations we will never see" for $400. Seriously if the manga somehow ends with an actual resolution to the Guts/Griffith Eclipse debacle I'll eat my hat.
&gt; Steven S. DeKnight He's a writer. He's got 4 other directing credits to his name and they're all episodes of TV shows. Speaking as a giant Buffy/Angel fan who was watching episodes he wrote/directed literally this morning (Why We Fight and Shells)--I have no faith in his ability to direct a tentpole blockbuster.
Oh yeah you mean the world where a man uploaded his consciousness into a bunch of 70s hard drives to help covertly run a secret Nazi mad science cult with a plan to hijack 3 flying aircraft carriers to simultaneously wipe out gigantic chunks of the US population. Yeah, that real world. Kid I know where you're coming from but what you don't seem to have understood is that the first Captain America movie was deliberately "pulpy" in that it was a deliberate evocation of the look, feel, and tone of the 1930s/1940s "Golden Age" comic books Captain America was first brought up in. It was the right tonal choice because trying to cast Captain America and his moral code against say, Saving Private Ryan (even a heavily sanitized version) would have looked absurd. So Marvel wisely kept the whole thing swimming in a sea of borderline cartoon sensibilities contrasted with the very human and real moral center that they needed to establish in Steve Rogers. That's why Winter Soldier and CW work so well because they involve that man very much from an entirely different world than the rest of the MCU working like a white blood cell to clean up messiness inherent in a system no less cartoonish but more tonally grounded.
Every pale white girl who can mug and put on a bad accent would make a great Harley Quinn. That's part of why she's so popular.
That is very weird.
&gt; To say he's lost his passion for making Berserk maybe a bit misguided in your impatience, or maybe it's right because he did try out other mangas other than berserk. The dude has been writing it since 1998 ffs. Point is good things take time... You sound *just* like apologists for The Wheel of Time and A Song of Ice and Fire, and even the Kvothe trilogy-- sunk-cost chumps who can't admit that the author of the story they liked has crossed the threshold wherein an ending of any kind is likely, much less a satisfactory one.
&gt;Knowing that those responsible got away with it scott free and are now forever beyond my reach has been the source of more suffering by far than the stuff they actually said and did at the time. It has undermined my belief in justice and left me feeling like I am uniquely okay to mistreat, where others are not. First, let me say that I relate to this 100%. What keeps me up during the bad nights aren't what people said, or did, nor even that I didn't fight back, it's knowing that there was and is no recourse. The sense of disempowerment is so thick it threatens to suffocate. Whether you believe me or not, *I get it*. &gt;The reason aspies continue to be a popular target for harassment and violence is because there are not sufficiently severe consequences for it. &gt;This creates the perception that we are an acceptable target for humiliation and violence. I think the only way to counter that is a series of high profile, successful prosecutions of NTs for bullying persons on the spectrum, with consequences that last their entire lives (just like the effects of their bullying). Going to stress again, I agree with you. But you're describing a "what", not a "how." I am not a lawyer, but I imagine there's a lot more to deterring bullying than establishing precedent. For one the legal eagle in my family is always fond of saying "it's not about what happened, it's about what you can prove," which of course means that prosecution attempts can be reversed. Not being defeatist, just saying if you want this sort of strategy it requires the grieved parties to have their shit on lock, and in case you haven't noticed co-ordinating Aspies is like herding cats. &gt;For this reason I would urge anyone here to pursue prosecution in cases of bullying that constitute criminal acts, to the furthest extent you are financially and legally able to. Bite deeply and hard. Take the proverbial "pound of flesh", so that bullies can experience some of the suffering they have caused and to stay the hands and lips of would-be bullies in the future. This really is going to sound defeatist but all you have here is sentiment. Do you know who the worst bullies I've had have been? People who feel insulated by their money and status. Status can be a paper tiger that just requires careful maneuvering and strong allies, but you can't fake the power of money, and when status *isn't* smoke and mirrors it's like swimming upstream--a lot of work for little headway. If you truly want to combat bullying you also want to combat the notion of privilege and class, and to do that you're fighting against base institutions of humanity going back to pre-recorded civilization. While it's commendable to want to improve the lot for all ND individuals like us who have needlessly suffered, creating a privilege for NDs requires leverage that many are never going to have. That's not to say "suck it up and take it" or "every man for himself," but I find the best good can be done through indirect means of subterfuge rather than trying to publicly challenge anyone in a legal arena. Sun Tzu's sentiment in "The Art of War" basically says as much-- if you are fighting directly and in the open you are either 100% sure of victory or you have no other choice, and if you have no other choice you have fucking failed at war.
"What would you do, if you had a million dollars?" "Reflect two ultimates at the same time."
For the Silver Age that's pretty damn mild. Did you know that The Thing from the Fantastic Four was also Blackbeard? Because [The Thing](http://imgur.com/uWbbEH5) is totally Blackbeard.
Well it took them 25 years but they did it.
Well that's the insidious part. At the end of the day it's a documentary to at least partially get money primarily from the demographic who needs to hear its message the least. I hate that what I'm about to say could be misconstrued as an inverse example due to perceived factional belief, but this documentary isn't that dissimilar to "God's Not Dead." Neither are going to truly challenge nor convert anyone who wasn't already heavily disposed to the ethos presented.
Yes.
&gt; Nah he doesn't think he's that good looking. Then he takes the value they add to him for granted. Looks are very far from everything in a man, but they do matter.
&gt; That's not what she said exactly. She said she would make it ONLY if it made sense. Actor doesn't act overeager. Turns out that actors can act.
&gt;Yeah, cause recasting The Hulk was such a problem. The Hulk was a special case and you know it, being by far the most well-known MCU hero pre-MCU and having had multiple adaptations in one decade with multiple actors. When Marvel Studios can stick the landing after losing RDJ, then we'll talk. I know you said /s but come on. &gt; I think if it makes sense to bring Red Skull back, they should do it with an actor who WANTS to be Red Skull. I am so sick of the "ew but the make-up" actors (I am looking at you Mystique). I would rather have an actor who wants the role than a "star" who doesn't, for whatever reason. Ok you have no clue how uncomfortable makeup can be. Have you ever been on a stage or in front of a camera? Between the costumes, and lights the heat is *intense*. Concealing the sweat is a real thing, and there is very little actual glamour or comfort when in actor is in the thick of their craft. Now compound that with glued-on rubber/plastic/gel/silicon prosthetics and heavy greasy paint that requires you to not only sit in a chair for hours on end every single day for months. You can't sit or eat or relax while you're in the gear. You have to endure endless touch-ups. Now imagine you're doing all that except you're also functionally naked. It is bullshit the way practical considerations like politics or logistics get in the way of making a good movie, but as far as bones to pick makeup is low on the scale. "BUT THEY MAKE SO MUCH MONEY..." so the fuck what? Money is on perceived value, not as compensation for torturous conditions. We pay Doctors for the sum total of their intelligence and training, not because we expect them to perform all of their care in unbearable conditions. They might have to, but that's not why we pay them so highly.
"Hey boss remember that Del Toro pitch 'Justice League Dark" we said no to a while back?" "Yeah" "Redditors and other weirdos won't shut up about it." "Like 'Deadpool' won't shut up about it or 'Scott Pilgrim' won't shut up about it?" "'Scott Pilgrim'" "Greenlight an animated movie." "Good idea."
k.
Damage Control is like most Dwayne MacDuffie ideas: Stuff that is awesome and should be way more popular than it is, but will never be because who the fuck really knows why it's not like the ideas aren't marketable or too complex for the layman.
It's Christmas in June.
&gt; shit like Flash or Arrow, which people enjoy for some inexplicable reason Flash and Arrow are where you go to watch ridiculously pretty people say/do incredibly stupid stuff in incredibly stupid outfits. What's to get? -------------- &gt;don't expect the new Breaking Bad. You sound like a wanker.
That's called "most of Star Trek." -- from a big Trek fan.
Bumper plates, right?
Same gorgeous art design and production as the first, but the gameplay and presentation has me totally turned off.
Well it was also a cutesy reference to [the way Tony used to carry his armor around in the comics](http://www.tencentticker.com/projectrooftop/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/ironmanbriefcaseclassic.jpg), so there was that.
Nah buddy, I think you missed what they were doing. They were going for a next-level Punisher with Bernthal. Tom Jane and Lundergen were Hollywood Punishers Ray Stevenson was the most accurate to the 90s/MAX Punisher Bernthal was the most realistic Punisher. He's terrifying, he's a badass, and he is awesome but he's also not *cool* and there is no glamour inherent in anything he does, which is how a guy who does the shit the Punisher does both would be and should be portrayed. Go too far into kitsch territory with a guy who tortures and murders people as a life's calling *without* going 100% into cartoon-land (e.g: beyond what they did in War Zone), and you end up with a very sick and very diseased vigilante character who does more harm than good to his audience. The showrunners on Daredevil understood that.
[Needs more Gundam](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/3a/47/55/3a475556d7af751743ab91eede8acec9.jpg)
Yes. This thread is made of people who didn't pay attention. Loki's *only* exhibited ice powers were a resistance to the Frost Giant cold.
Lex always seemed like someone who could be late 20s-60s as far as I'm concerned, unless you're one of those wankers who *insists* he has to get into a set of power armor or put on a wetsuit and get into a kryptonite fist-fight or some similar "we need another action figure" schtick. Besides Gene Hackman was 48 when he first played Lex and people *loved* him for it.
Put this out in 1998 and you've got some shock value. Hell put it out in 2004 and you've got some shock value. Now? Eh. You can see worse just digging around YouTube.
&gt; In hindsight, you're probably spot on. I'm a Sanders voter in a liberal coastal part of the US. Cities of hipsters with dyed hair, huge support for gays and minorities, the works. Literally three blocks from my residence is a church with a giant TRUMP banner and I've had to listen to several assholes at work drone on and on about Trump daily for the last year. Euro-Americans tend to be those who aren't afraid of actual leftist policy instead of the center-right "false left" the US Democrats pimp. They were probably what created that perception that he was so popular.
This is why Quicksilver was killed off-- power creep on speedsters is an infamous problem in comics. That's also why War Machine and Vision weren't at the Nigeria operation in Civil War--they'd have solved the Crossbones problem too easily.
Er, sure kid. Sure. Jeez what is it with some people and *needing* a textual explanation for this shit? The actual answer is that Marvel Studios is aware that they're running a superhero franchise and not a trend-chasing showcase for Bryan Singer's latest power bottom. Speedsters have always been a problem when it comes to power creep in comics-- Superman and Flash are particularly sticky examples--and Marvel was damn well aware that if they weren't extremely careful with Quicksilver's abilities then pretty soon every single event in a Marvel movie would be asked: &gt;Well why didn't Quicksilver fix it? So they showed him at a low to moderate level of power, then killed him off. We still get Quicksilver in the Avengers, but not for so long that you're left wondering why any of the other Avengers are even bothering to show up (like X-Men's Quicksilver does).
Andrew McCarthy for Spider-Man; Jeffrey Coombs for Banner. Everyone else is actually really good for this kind-of fan wankery.
Just read this. It's entirely uncompelling and the visual flow is a gigantic mess, but there's something charming about how doggedly uncompromising it is.
You'd have to pay me to buy this game, but hey good for them on using technology.
I find that if they aren't talking about what they do and rely on testimonies, then they're just scam artists, UCLA connection or not. In my experience programs like this tend to target the desperate--parents and Aspies alike. The need for a standardized curriculum tends to force a "lowest common denominator" and "slowest first" attitude towards skills training that often makes such a program a very bad value for anyone other than the worst cases. *But* these programs force a sense of community and camaraderie in the same sense that no one pays good money to see a movie because they want it to be a waste of their time, so there are lots of little tricks that can be employed to give the perception of short-term gains that last long enough that the bloom on the rose isn't lost until far after time to give a testimonial. In my experience what's actually needed for anyone with AS to develop social skills is consistent feedback from a third party, ideally one who can view the social interaction via recording or stealth position and give feedback. That's extremely unrealistic though, so people try to settle for the idea that by spending time locked up and teaching the slowest three kids in the room to wear deodorant and that eye contact is necessary to communicate with NTs is the same as making progress (hint: it's just the illusion of superiority because "hey I guess I'm not that bad look I can make eye contact for a minute that's awesome.")
Given a lot of the shield bounces in the movie I believe it as head-canon that Cap had the magnets and it's just not visually addressed, hence Spider-Man's comment about the shield not obeying physics.
It's highly unlikely she was the only one involved then. Mesmells a patsy.
He's not even blonde!
I disagree, for Sturgeon's Law if nothing else.
And Jennifer Lawrence still won't be blue in it
That's either dedication or a new gold standard to look at when you're feeling low and say "at least I'm not that guy"
That's the one
Oh good another grognard with a practical effects fetish. I like practical effects too but honestly this wannabe "Every Frame a Painting" lives in the fucking shadow of that one Jackie Chan episode which cuts to the heart of this matter much more succinctly, eloquently, and engagingly.
At least two of them believe the whole wankfest was a satire and commentary too.
Nah Xmen are about teenagers and youthful power that threatens the establishment. The comics/movies latch on to the minority angle to create an illusion of class and depth.
They might be saying you put your foot in your mouth a lot and seem aware you are doing so
He seems like an OK guy but his videos have been garbage for years. Maybe his fans caught up
Always look for the names "Lord and Miller" if something seemingly dumb is popular with people whose opinions you normally respect. "Lord and Miller" are the KINGS of getting dumb ideas to work (Lego Movie, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, both Jump Streets, Clone High).
I don't have to imagine it. I lived it.
It'll be Thunderbolts and no it won't feature any returning characters like Abomination or Vanko.
I don't hold Han Solo sacred and think doing a prequel about him is a very dumb idea creatively, and Disney tends to keep an infamously tight leash on things... but yeah if anyone I know of working today is going to make that bird sing it'll be them.
* Expensive set-up * Requires a room full of willing participants * Abrams Universe (not a deal-breaker) * Ubi-Soft Yeah I'm not interested in this at all. That other one you could run on tablets/any ol' computer over wifi? That one looked cool.
He has enough money for now, is the key bit. For now. Something always comes up.
You seem like a shitty person.
Like the talking heads said-- stop making sense.
[Yeah yeah kid everyone wants to be the Thin White Duke](http://imgur.com/JYWegiH)
Mostly extreme apprehension. I wasn't a LotR fan beforehand, but everyone I knew who was was very nervous and rightfully so, namely because up to that point such a large-scale and faithful-looking adaptation was very rare and no one had any real precedent to believe it wouldn't suck on toast. The first one was solid enough though that the final two movies being good was more or less assumed unless there was a colossal fuck-up somewhere along the way, with all the accolades being more o less gravy.
That says a lot about how desperate the comics industry is for a character women can latch onto more than anything, I think.
"What if Skeets were evil?" literally how that entire plot thread got started, on a post-it note.
&gt; the guys are YouTube heartthrobs, which I guess has become a thing. This has been a thing for like six years at least, once the LA scene figured out how to put all the out-of-work actors and production crews to use cranking out material.
I've used the "0" with a slash to denote a clear way to differentiate "Zero" from the letter "O" in physical writing. An older drafting teacher taught that to me. These bands are likely just doing a variant on "l33t" speak where they replace a "E" with a "3" and so forth.
You have to give this time to space out and let your brother decide what he wants, and what *you* want.
It should not be a bra. There are other methods you can use to minimize sensory difficulties (even elastic tape) that won't get you nearly as stigmatized if it's discovered you are wearing a bra. If you are found wearing a bra, the social harassment will be brutal. It is not worth that risk, especially when there are other methods like binders or even elastic tape.
Ok, so: * You grew up under a rock or in one of those weird commune cults or maybe are some feral woods child or something and this is part of your long journey to re-integrate into society in which case kudos. * You grew up in a culture so severely lacking in exposure to Western Culture that this is genuinely new to you, in which case welcome. * You are in-fact some kind of stupid. I say "some kind of" because I don't know you, I don't assume you're bereft of value nor utility, but to ask this question really does raise the question of a facet of your intellectual ability. ---------- Fairy tales in Western Culture are rooted in medieval stories from Europe. The vast majority of anything "fairy tale" in US pop media is a retelling or reimagining of these stories.
I believe this is one of the first ones to make it to screen, as it predates Tron by about a month.
**Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel** -------------- They're both low to mid-budget genre shows rife with Dawson's Creek-era melodrama and cheesy fight sequences. They frequently fall down in portraying scale, tension, and satisfying horror thrills. Both have slipshod first seasons and both take until several seasons in before the average quality starts to hit a high. They're also shows conceived of and occasionally written/directed by Joss Whedon, and all that entails-- "love it or hate it" dialogue, constant pop culture references, and a fanbase that is guaranteed to try and also recommend *Firefly* regardless of whether or not you've already seen it. So unless the person is a hardcore geek with a ton of free time, it's a huge uphill sell no matter what angle you approach these shows from. ---------------------------------------------------- Yet they are **still** two of my all-time favorite TV shows thanks to the: * Engaging and likable characters with good actors in complex dynamics * An interesting and fleshed out world that takes itself just seriously enough to be worth investing in but nowhere near seriously enough that it isn't worth a good laugh. * Long-term character growth that was so influential, if you've enjoyed *any* genre show since Buffy came out you owe them thanks * A surprisingly mature and nuanced examination of growing up, adulthood, morality between good and evil, and the roles we all play in the world. Anyone who can either look past or not be bothered by the curve of getting into the show are invariably rewarded, and it's both the greatest strength and weakness of the show that it takes so long to get to that point.
I don't know I like her a little less now. Hilary affiliation is w/e but damn even for an actress that's kind-of embarrassing.
You did well
if by the fifth time you haven't succeeded, post to /r/movies
Wait really? You do not need to look far into Metal Gear lore to know that Naked Snake from MGS3 becomes Big Boss who eventually becomes the final antagonist behind the events of Metal Gear 1 and Metal Gear 2. You have to kill the fake Big Boss in Metal Gear 1 and the real Big Boss in Metal Gear 2. Literally every game after Metal Gear Solid 3 is at least partially dedicated to exploring how Big Boss became a monster. And the Metal Gear games are **not** light on forcing the player to sit down and take in story. You must not have been paying attention at all.
Ah, that would have been a fun episode. Psycho Pirate brings out the best (worst) in characters. I like to think Superman is more annoyed with Batman than anything though. It'd be very much like Bats to overestimate his grasp on Superman's psyche... not because Clark is inscrutably alien or that his powers give him undue confidence, but because he's much more emotionally grounded than Bruce could ever hope to be and that makes him tough to rile even when under manipulation.
* Ok, make it text. * Ok, make it text. * Ok, make it text. * Ok, make it text.
East Coaster-- What the hell is a Hastings and holy crap there's an actual comic book store chain somewhere?
Carnage is so far down the list of villains worth bothering with that it's a moot point as far as I'm concerned.
The Wolfman/Perez Titans were *really* influential. There's a reason why it was actually outselling Claremont's X-Men (Dark Phoenix-era X-Men no less) at it's peak. There's a reason why *this* was the team DC tapped to do their first major continuity wipe in Crisis on Infinite Earths (and they did an amazing job, it's disgusting how bad every subsequent continuity wipe at DC has been in the wake of the first Crisis, and yes I include Rebirth).
When you get the opportunity to eat a Hulk, you uh... eat a Hulk apparently.
Best: * JSA * Wally-Flash * Teen Titans *until* he introduced Bart as Neo-Wally, so like 4 issues * 52 Worst: * Literally anything he wrote with "Rebirth" in the title. Green Lantern, Flash, DC. Fuck all that noise.
My guess is some company snatched up or realized they had the rights after seeing sales charts and made a press announcement, then someone actually looked at what Crossed is and said "oh shit what the fuck were we thinking?" I like Crossed a lot, but part of the reason it exists is to be some of the most vile visual images ever put to paper. There's no way 1/10th of that would make it to screen, and without it there really isn't anything to differentiate what is otherwise a pretty bog standard zombie apocalypse story.
So we have a two major issues to address: 1. You are absolutely entitled to sexual satisfaction in a relationship. How that satisfaction is achieved is what is at stake here. You are not asking for the moon here. You can and should demand a level of compromise that works for the both of you. 2. She needs to look more into the fistula problem for a long-term solution, or admit that fixing the fistula is not important to her. If it is not fixable for any reason, you have to decide how important it is to you to have "true" intercourse in a long-term relationship. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Now, point number 2 is something you can only get through communication, and the questions/answer is fairly straightforward. It's not complicated, you just might not like the answers you get. For that you just have to bite the bullet and put on your big boy pants. As for point number 1, there are loads of great ways to achieve intimacy without intercourse. * Periodic oral/handplay * Deep makeout sessions * Couples massage * Mutual masturbation * Using masturbation aids on each other; in particular higher-end clitoral stimulation and male masturbation aids that simulate the feeling of vaginal intercourse These are not crazy nor unreasonable solutions. They provide excellent physical sensation and if done with enthusiasm and care bring a lot of emotional intimacy. They may not scratch the same itch as "genuine" intercourse, but they're a very fair compromise and ultimately sex is more about the expression of commitment and intimacy than the form that expression takes. So just talk to your woman, man! If she proves unreasonable or unnameable, then come back here because then we've got a bigger problem.
This is an ugly no-win situation for everyone involved.
I'm a reasonably frequent theater-goer and I've only had one half-sour experience in the last 16 years of going to the theater. That experience was when a group of special-needs adults were in the third row of a Marvel movie and several had trouble keeping quiet. It was distracting at times, but their handlers visibly herded out anyone who was being loud and as the movie progressed they became quiet. I'd say the best way to avoid a bad experience is to know what you're seeing and plan to see it at a non-peak hour. If your movie is the big opening release that week, avoid showings where you can expect teenagers and/or young children (late and early, respectively). The 7-9 pm shows can have a bad draw but are largely more for couples. Early showings, showings on weekdays, and midnight showings are almost always safe bets. Also know the theater. Don't go to the one in a rougher part of town, or dollar theater, unless you're prepared for there to be more potential for interruption. Go to the boring theaters.
&gt; Sex....well she has the sex drive of a paperclip and I'm on the other end of the spectrum more or less so weight aside this has most always (except in the beginning) been an issue. Date nights....I mean honestly it is very hard....she just takes no pride in her appearance whatsoever. We were heading out to eat sat night and I literally made her go change because she just threw the most random shit on (yoga pants, a t-shirt she sleeps in, and boots). Now I'm not dressed to the nine but I did put on a decent button up shirt as opposed to just some random t-shirt. It has come down to where I don't want to go out with her because of things like that and her desire to take 0 effort to look half decent for me. She sounds clinically depressed. She should get that looked into.
But it's like a horror movie, only meta, but not, but a reverse of the normal horror trend. How brilliant is that?
It's because Alex Ross can't do modern (e.g: after 1994)
Chances were always low. Crossed has its very real virtues but for the most part it is a thirteen year-old's depravity doodles with a narrative stapled on. There isn't that much meat to chew on for live action unless you're the goriest of gore-hounds.
I don't bitch much, but there are a few cases where I will: * Multiple snipers * Anyone who complains about no tanks/support, whom also won't switch, whom also isn't kicking major ass * Bastion on attack. Fuck you you are wasting your spot 9 times out of 10 this is the one that currently really gets under my skin fuck you fuck you fuck you I hate you so fucking much Anything else I'm totally chill with. Bear in mind I'm also inclined to forgive if these choices aren't getting in the way of success.
The trolls raping women. First point in the series where the sexual violence felt gratuitous and unnecessary.
Well isn't that solipsism at its finest.
Bingo. It feels like a cash grab, because it is.
When Marvel can spin GotG and Ant-Man into bankable properties I see no need to go to edge lord Joker just because some manchildren from the 90s have a hard-on for what is ultimately a very shallow character. As part of like, a Thunderbolts team then I say go for it, but as a starting villain he's a waste.
It's genuinely arrogant to presume to understand and speak for countries as though they're people.
Nah, I could see it. Between Bruce and Bucky it'd show a pattern of her liking guys who are strong, have no interest in fighting, and are someone she can help save.
He was damn close but his archetypal role of being... well... WILD and still demonstrably descended from mankind made a degree of thematic relevance however thin. The trolls were already established to be otherworldly magical antagonists we as the audience hated. The sexual violence didn't further underscore their antagonistic relevance nor reveal more about their character other than "these trolls rape." It felt gratuitous, plain and simple. You could cut the scenes and lose none of the narrative heft.
Yes. Take him aside. Make it clear you are saying this as a friend the same way you would tell someone if their fly was open or they had food in their teeth. Essentially a logical and "teammate with cards on the table" approach works best. Be careful not to patronize. He is weak in this area the same way you might be at music or quantum physics. If he seems obstinate about understanding why his image was offensive, remind him that you are explaining social logic which does not always conform to traditional logic. He does not need to like it, but the logic will remain regardless and he has to weigh the price of conformity versus the price of antisocial behaviors. In this case it is probably not a hill worth dying on.
Your opinion on what constitutes a classic is.. warped.
He doesn't sound like a good person but he was still wrongly convicted.
Yes Marvel made it for the crybabies
Those bitches can't even get a soda company to change a drink name for a contest they ain't got shit
Yeah I played those and this looks boring compared to them
Doing something is tantamount to doing nothing when you have depression. Imploring action is useless.
You are so young
Everyone knows you make a decent script and committed actors into a great movie with choppy and overstylized editing that completely fails the pacing of the movie.
But Leo didn't win an Oscar for it.
Of all the things that never happened, this sure was one of them.
Marketing-- no matter what you do you're contributing to some part of it!
Ok. We're stopped. What do you have to say?
The last thing I would want to do to a suicidal person is remind them of the job-hunting process...
The book is about Thatcherism and Britain in the 80s. There are timeless themes there but the book is largely a byproduct of that era. The movie is a theme park vision of 1984 with the Guy Fawke's mask stapled on a few key scenes from the book lifted verbatim, and some ham-handed references to Islam and early 00s paranoia about W. Bush masquerading as depth. It's tacky, trashy, and despite a good performance by Hugo Weaving entirely disposable relative to nearly any other anti-authority dystopia work.
As a text response (phone text, email, w/e) it indicates one or more of the following things: * I'm not interested in what you have to say. * Your conversation topic is not worth more than one word in response and I am being haughty/dismissive. * I am too busy to be bothered with conversation but lacking in energy and empathy to say anything other than let you know that I am deigning to let you know I am still interested, instead of saying "busy, will try to respond later". * I am so dull and poor at conversation I literally cannot articulate any thoughts other than blanket acknowledgement. Three options that come across as arrogant, and one that indicates incompetence to some degree. It's no surprise it pisses some people off.
[This is Cracked.com. They are largely a crappy website with crappy articles. This is the exception to the rule. You will not like what you read. It is still true. Get busy, or get used to being alone. Both have their perks.](http://www.cracked.com/blog/6-harsh-truths-that-will-make-you-better-person/)
&gt; The most depressing part to me is how a child with so much innocence and pure joy in the world has to experience dread and terror like that in his last moments. Sadly it's not mysterious. There was a chain of lapses in responsibility and judgment that led to this: 1. Attend a park with fresh water that was not being maintained enough, evidently 2. Sit yourselves near a body of fresh water with a "no swimming sign" in a state known for freshwater predators, assuming the park has everything under control 3. Let the child go unattended into the water, which is a human flaw to make but sadly fatal in this case No mystery. Just sadness. Cosmically there's no justification for it because there is no cosmic justification for anything. Merely cause and effect. My deepest sympathies are with the parents.
We do. Studios are very likely to greenlight horror flicks from untested production teams/directors/actors/writers because it tends to be a "low risk: high reward" proposition. If they lose they can turf the movie almost anywhere and make back most of their money. If they win they get a Saw or Halloween or Paranormal Activity where the RoI is monumental.
I felt he was indulgent and unnecessary, but given the amazing design work I can see why the team felt like including him.
Was going to say. Between Penace Stare and the Power Cosmic those two should cover almost anything that comes at them.
Yeah I'm torn. On the one hand --------- Yes this is a clear labor of love. The presentation and art design and soundtrack are exceptional. The game looks fun. The game looks challenging. It is commendable for the team for sticking it out so many years and it is unfair that such a large amount of labor and love isn't rewarded by making this game the next Undertale, Hotline Miami, nor even FEZ. On the other hand --------- The grim realities of business and marketing are not hard to suss out. I'm not even involved in the industry, adore the final product, and my first instinct was "why the hell did you code your own engine from scratch and not kickstart anything?" The game looks great but not $20 great and it doesn't seem unreasonable that "cutting corners" would have taken a lot of those costs off. Sure the game wouldn't look as great nor potentially timeless, but then again you could have finished the development this in significantly less time at a much lower cost and not had to beg reddit for greater coverage. It's hard for my sympathy to extend *that* far that I'll shell out $20 and not wait for a Steam Sale nor Humble Bundle.
Policenauts is far more interesting than good, and features a super creepy "touch everyone's tits complete with unique dialogue" option that makes Quiet seem almost restrained. Snatcher is all but forgotten. No one bats 1.000
I thought BvS was a good movie, WOW. I WAS WRONG.
Eh honestly after Spiderman 2 I felt Raimi had run its course.
&gt; they're just trying to be anti-SJW because that's the in thing now. Not even. Remember "Feminnazi" from the 90s or "Women's Lib" jokes from the 70s? This is just the latest crop of overgrown boy-men.
That kid actor and the writing really wasted a perfectly good Scott Bakula cameo. Sorry to the kid though, acting is tough and I imagine it's hard to not over-emote on a busy bright set.
These are exactly the kinds of literal choices I'd expect from a Comp-Sci student.
Oh huh, this guy is still making videos. Can't deny that it doesn't get him views. I remember finding them kind-of fun from a total non-hobbyist perspective several years ago until he started making the videos naked attempts to get himself laid. Then it finally clicked that he wasn't really a dork, he was a snake in dork's clothing, and most of the "real stories" in these vids should be taken with a massive grain of salt.
Not pissed off, more genuinely confused. It's like you said Ellen DeGeneres makes Blackbeard look like a joke. It's so out there I'm genuinely not sure you're wrong and want to hear your supporting evidence. Besides Blade Runner is a terribly boring movie to sit through, so I imagine there's an argument to be made.
The new one looks like trash... but the original is **way** overrated.
This seems appropriate given how many movies actors playing Magneto have filmed in Vancouver.
Not *once* did Batman and the Hulk stop fighting because they both realized their first names were Bruce.
Moviebob put it rather nicely where "As the Marvel production that wants to take itself the most seriously it paradoxically becomes the silliest."
It's because a lot of people (including everyone who runs DC, apparently) missed that Frank Miller was using Daredevil and Batman to write all the crime comics he couldn't get away with writing commercially, and he often downplayed any fantastic elements of their powers that couldn't be explained away as "training/willpower/tech gear" to make that mold fit. Instead everyone took it as the ultimate "what if... but *real*" subversion of the old Batman Adam West show and ironically ended up creating a subset of superhero material that completely misses the point of why these characters are engaging to watch-- their *unreality*.
The witty comments don't bother me, and the structure/characterization is largely really good, which is exactly why the Wolverine-beer jokes come across as trite and lazy. Given the strong work he does with Scott, Emma, and Kitty the reduction of Logan to a one-note is dumb. **Granted** this was also a time of "Peak Logan" where he was on 4-5 superhero teams at once plus his own solo book, so I applaud Whedon for scaling him back, but it came at a price that has aged very poorly. Still better than any of the "Jeph Loeb" intro runs.
It wasn't, and was getting in the way of Hemsworth's face, which is why they got rid of it. It'd be nice if they came up with a compromise for his "this shit is deadly serious" battle armor during Infinity War though.
That didn't actually work in the movie; it was framed as pathetic and desperate. She went back to him after her dad was found to be embezelling money and the guy even had the wisdom to ask her "do you just need someone or do you need me?"
SO BRAVE
I've had success with Winston IF there is another hero nearby with any kind of splash damage or concentrated fire like Soldier 76, Junkrat, Pharah, Lucio, or Symmetra.
Yeah the marketing and iconic image does associate it as one of the grand rom-com gestures alongside "You complete me," but the actual movie is really quite intelligent and mature in examining the relationship the characters have. In-fact the overall thrust of the movie isn't "will these kids decide to be together" and more "does this relationship have long-term potential?" with loads of valid arguments for and against, and an ending that leaves things deliberately ambiguous yet cautiously optimistic. It's a pity the actual movie is forgotten and only the boom box really remains.
I agree actually. Between the song and imagery it's one of the most romantic things I can imagine. Which is why I love it all the more that it doesn't work. The movie absolutely gets to have its cake and eat it.
Yeah you're gonna want to go to the hospital for a new liver
Because representation in media does have an influence on cultural values.
"I might be in prison for a while" "Just take the trash out as you leave" "I'm in kind-of a hurry" "Fine." "Mail me pictures of the kids as they grow up!"
B^ U fucking wishes he was like Batman
I once took a college course on science journalism. The professor's entire thesis was "if you read anything about science in the news, especially breakthroughs/discoveries, assume they're bullshit." That's not a reduction either. That is what he literally told us. Multiple times. In other words, don't put stock into it. Interesting theory though.
&gt;What if I don't care that someone is offended? Then don't whine if someone hits you back. "Talk shit; get hit" is the essence of political correctness and it is deeply ironic when someone is willing to dish it but not take it and then whine about how the rest of the world is too soft. I'm not saying you do this, but don't pretend you haven't seen exactly what I'm talking about. &gt;What if sometimes being offended helps one grow and opens them up to a different viewpoint that may be perfectly legitimate? No one ever responds to direct aggression with "hey maybe I'm wrong and there is a valid viewpoint." You want to try and act as papa bear for society then learn tact, diplomacy, and the art of persuasion. You don't need to be soft nor coddle to do this and still be empathetic. Everything else is just being an asshole, at which you can see my first point. &gt;I'm all for trying not to hurt people, but at a certain point you have to live in the real world, and the real world is a tough motherfucker where sometimes we get offended and our feelings are hurt and we have to deal with it and move on. I don't think anyone really disagrees with this reality. See my second point that if someone is being a whiny turd and you want to teach them, then learn to do it in a way that doesn't set them off like cornered animals. At the very least acting like a mature human being about your position will make you look like the reasoned and better person if the other flies off the handle in a fit of oversensitivity. &gt;Crying because someone wrote Trump on a sidewalk is nonsense. Basically true. &gt;Micro-aggressions are largely nonsense. Not entirely true. It's mostly just new language to describe general pettiness and underhanded social jockeying tactics that have existed since hominids started working together. Being soft about it is a problem, but again if you want to see the change then be the better example and make a calm argument. If someone shouts over you then let them throw their tantrum and corral them as needed. &gt; There is PC and then there is PC. Then don't conflate the two. The latter undercuts the former.
Yeah it wasn't really characters that got screwed but genres. In fact superhero comics only really took dominance of the market because they could function within the bounds of the code better than others.
Ultimately yes, I would, but I wouldn't expect it to solve anything wrong with my life.
The important thing is you know best.
Shrek was a strong, tall landowner with misaligned passions. The only reason he wasn't finding someone was because he wasn't putting himself out there. Literally the first time he left his swamp to do anything he ended up with the hottest catch in the kingdom (and I'm talking personality/status, not looks).
Good, very influential, but not much to chew on and more of a mood piece in the end.
Get ready for "virgin" jokes and shameless plugs. Also lots of cosplayer showcases.
Representation in media shapes cultural values. Minorities are historically discriminated against. It's empathetic and beneficial towards the wider population unless you're already rich and powerful.
It can actually be both. Hellraiser would definitely fit into WH40k
Exactly. Yes it's a bit extreme on the "Homer is an idiot" territory, but the layers more than make up for it. As opposed to seasons after 8 where the timing and layers downgrade significantly.
Eh, I backed Project Phoenix which fizzled out hardcore. Mighty No. 9 is at least getting a release.
Utopia. No more mutants. Professor X fucking off. It made cyclops the de facto leader through a lot of nasty shit and the man understandably broke.
I really don't like to think about why you got downvoted for this. You clearly did a *lot* of work compiling the links and these are all far off the beaten superhero path which is a welcome boost of diversity in choice.
Yeah I'm not sure why this is surprising in a movie where Harley Quinn has center stage.
I don't know. Something about the color palette of the characters/day scenes versus the overall mood of the story clashed really really hard. It was like watching Barney adapt Phantom of the Opera. Only Frollo really looked appropriate to the story they were trying to tell.
As an American Latino it does but me when Irish descended Americans get smug and try to claim they understand minority persecution because their great great great grandfather dealt with some. Bitches I never even experienced racism firsthand until I went to Boston and believe me you don't know shit the same way I don't know the black, first peoples, or Asian experience.
I respectfully disagree. Something is wrong I feel sick I need some help right now.
You assume that being a decent person is a priority to them. Rookie mistake.
Hah theater actors tend to be incestuous. They fucked.
Shortly after slavery ended black people found chicken and watermelon to be cheap staple foods in getting their independent lives started. Racists being fucking assholes noticed this and decided to stereotype black people with chicken or watermelon as low class. Sucks
Damn that's dedication.
My god it's full of stars
Maybe. Want to fuck?
Even if you're CIA?
Embrace the pause with confidence. Most people interested in talking will try to fill the gap themselves because they're uncomfortable too.
Marvel is more symphonic DC is more dynamic
Hardly impossible unless you're one of those weirdos in /r/foreverunwanted
Him and Sade must have had the most mercurial sex
On second though I don't quite know. There are likely a lot of massive dicks that are in porn, although I imagine most of them top out around 10 inches. 11+ must be blue lobster rare. Even if a 10 inch dick is 0.1% of the population and we assume a 50,000,000 of men in the US, that's still 500,000 men with ten inch dicks. A few of those are going to find their way into porn, I think. It's mostly vanity at that size in the end though, and once you start looking you can see how thoroughly unaroused most porn stars are, although really good sex where the lady is loving a giant dick isn't that uncommon on camera.
Well save for the 50 years where he wasn't a teenager.
Neither did Loki... the entire tension in the first movie is about whether or not the Avengers will come together both in the movie and as a franchise.
&gt; As far as age and sexual activity goes: If all parties are legally considered adults and are consenting all bets are off. Sex is sex. Cool. We're not talking about sex. We're talking about sexual relationships. Slight difference. Sex is a part of a sexual relationship. A great imbalance in life experience can drastically affect the nature of a sexual relationship.
Lots of bright people who don't excel in the real world use it as a coping mechanism. I still find myself falling back on it from time to time, even though I know it's horseshit.
This. A nice light dose and a controlled environment can be an incredibly positive journey of self-reflection. It really helps with lateral thinking about self-concept and self-acceptance by downplaying the ego. Like anything else though, avoid too high a dose.
Why? Even ignoring contradictions and reboots it's a theory that solves way more problems than it causes.
I don't think it represented Gen-X any better than Scott Pilgrim represented Millennials, and in the end both are more notable for how awful the specific characters in them are over what they represent on some broader cultural level.
The egg pouch of a skate (animal like a stingray), I'm pretty sure the ones on shore are already emptied and just husks.
Buffering ..
One inch erect or less
Fair enough. Failure is a better way to describe it.
So Deadman. Don't get me wrong I'm genuinely glad this character is being made and think he looks cool, but body-jump/body-share heroes are almost destined for the C-List bin.
Ah well there you have it. Even not knowing the other three Yasunori Mitsuda is very good at Video Game OSTs as I'm guessing you already know.
Because sugar cereal has an association with youthful energy, artificial color, and the supposed "sugar high." In other words they're telling people this will be an energetic youthful ride. I didn't get that impression from the trailers, but I'm not knocking it. It'll make loads of money.
Marketing. The WB realized that since BvS was a relative flop and this movie has market similarity to Guardians of the Galaxy they decided to up the "fun" and "colorful" quota in the hopes of hooking people. It'll make money though. Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn and an appearance from the Joker gets most people in theaters regardless.
[It might help you to watch this video which is not only 4 years old, well before the "PC" episodes, but also such an old topic that I was hearing similar discussions 10 years prior when Cartman gave Ben Affleck a handjob in "Taco Flavored Kisses."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z3O83jgwBc) Remember you can't love something if you only see it as beautiful all the time!
This isn't about Felciity so I don't care. (/s because I know at least one of you won't get that)
*Tale as old as time* *Song as old as rhyme* *Beauty and the beast.*
Pharah isn't my best character by a long shot, but for some reason she is just *the* coolest character in that game.
Reddit: Are you aware that SUBWAY is a company that exists? How well do you know SUBWAY ingredients that you can participate in this contest to come up with the worst sandwich? Maybe you should go to your local SUBWAY to learn what those ingredients are! and remember /r/hailcorporate !
&gt; 80's Animal Man to New 52 Animal Man . The jacket and dorky goggles don't do it for me. Ok I respect that, but New 52 Animal man looks even lamer.
Her black-clad Ms. Marvel look is striking and an **amazing** fetish costume, but I'm still so very glad they gave her the Captain Marvel outfit.
I don't know about that. I was a big Marvel fan in the 90s and Jessica Drew was persona-non-grata until Bendis made her one of his pet projects.
So when does the "based on the book by Nicolas Sparks based on the post by /u/lyingletter" movie come out?
Is this yours? If it is I'll take the highest resolution version you feel comfortable sharing. This is *fantastic*.
They were expelled. It's not going to fix the problem but it does mean they've been dealt a stigma that will heavily impact their education in the future, and thus their actual future.
Yeah I don't know if it was garden-variety altruism or what but I've never seen anyone do something like that for an autist.
Male. These comics aren't exactly the laughingstock as much as they're part of a barely-concealed taboo wherein the comics industry has an identity crisis. It's ostensibly only for kids and all-ages, but the actual market caters towards young and middle-aged men and some women and as such there's a lot of "back shelf" smut and barely-concealed wank material in books that feature characters like Starfire. None of that is a problem with me or most people I think, but the problem is that no one seems to be able to fully "own" the sexual aspect of these comics because it means: * Having to acknowledge head-on that a lot of adult comics readers are either people who fulfill the stereotype of being sexless, or being so open and secure in their sexuality that mainstream society finds them off-putting and even scary. * Taking responsibility for the fact that this material can be alienating towards women and be an internal reason why the geek market has such a hard time letting women in, although this has been getting much better at Marvel specifically in the last 8 years. So much better. * Recognizing that Marvel/DC books have enough sexual undertones to them that it might actually be prudent to split the mainstream books and the cheesecake books into formal lines of all-ages and "sexually mature" at which point FoxNews-type media will start bitching about how Marvel/DC are encouraging pornographic content of American icons... pornographic content which always existed just below the surface in comics and has more or less since the beginning... and it's a huge sales risk and yeah this is why they don't just *do* that even though in a perfect world it fixes all the problems inherent in sexualizing superheroes of any gender. In the end it creates a permanent sense of vulgarity and intentional disorganization that discourages anyone who isn't already inclined towards smut material to turn their nose up and move on. Comics are something to be hoarded and protected under the bed, and not shared and discussed and enjoyed out in public. Lord knows I've been there, trying to share enjoyable writing or art with someone only to share a page featuring fairly raunchy adolescent women in sexy poses and looking like a fool, which is unfortunate because lord knows comics have enough of an uphill climb.
It's a small comfort, because it does feel like these girls deserve something more immediately punitive. The full impact felt from expulsion won't be felt for years at which point they won't correlate it at all to what they did to these boys. It is too costly and too much of an administrative hassle, I imagine, but the ideal would be to have them volunteer and assist high-functioning autistics after taking a course (and under supervision) as a form of community service. It sounds cheesy, very "movie of the week", but it's more rehabilitative than anything else, and much as I understand the impulse for vengeance such indulgence really does not solve anything long term.
Really *really* bare-bones and probably a front for pot dealers or some other low-grade smuggling. The other local ones are family outfits that are really quite nice. One is uncommonly nice, but I won't give out further identifying information.
&gt; VR is the most innovative thing I've seen in gaming...ever? You haven't been around very long then. VR has been a tried-and-tested fantasy in gaming for 25 years; it's only now that the tech has gotten even remotely worth a damn. Now that is has most of what we're seeing is very reminiscent of the Wii motion control fad-- some cool and innovative stuff that isn't nearly game-changing enough to take over a large chunk of the market as anything more than a novelty, as well as peripheral applications that are awesome but not commercial enough to justify the tech to most consumers/companies.
Also what you think has the highest potential return value. VR requires new gear for most customers, those willing to take the plunge are those who already have a ton of disposable money, and it's gimmicky enough that kids/casual audiences are going to fall in love on novelty value alone. So if Valve can capitalize on that presumed market the same way they locked-in PC gaming sales with Steam, they could easily secure their next decade + of high revenue. Business. It's what gets you dinner!
&gt; One other distinction going along with the "man of principles" line, in the show they explicitly show him cheating on his wife with the Red Priestess, whereas in the book we have never seen such a thing. &gt; There's some hinting towards it, like the shadow-assassin Melisandre gives birth to looks like him, and maybe some people gossip about it but nothing more than that. I think the two distinctions do a lot of character development of Stannis. It helps that in the books, Stannis' character is much more assured from his POV chapters and it feels more probable he slept with Melissandre as something he did out of a sense of duty than "oh god this redhead is so hot so hot seriously you guys." I mean it can be both, but the show really didn't convey the fact that Stannis is even more rigid in his ethical compass than Eddard was, but that compass is tuned more towards pragmatism.
Not really, no. Vaporwave is about late 80s and 90s Internet Aesthetics that now look dated and retro, in the same way that you can look at predictions about the "year 2000" from the 50s-70s and get a charming Space Age A E S T H E T I C. This is just straight cyberpunk based on 00s internet trends which tended to involve a more "Fischer Price" style.
I'm not buying it. And that final hug looks *really* pathetic and submissive.
You can practically hear the "WAH WAH" soundtrack stinger.
Good. Anyone who reads about Axanar will realize that they need to be nailed to the fucking wall for the sake of all other legitimate "for the love of the IP" fan-films.
Yeah I have zero memories of this song being used.... as a song. It was always to advertise Applebee's or some shitty US beer or maybe a car, and definitely a bunch of crappy Gen-X romantic comedies. It was always *so wacky* when the main character couldn't decide whether he wanted to stay or go after the girl am I right fellas?
&gt; to raise the money and then continue on to start a company from that money and to use another IP to raise more money is where the line needs to be. It's so egregious because **CBS/Paramount has been extremely generous over the last half-century when it comes to Star Trek fan-films**. This isn't some case of a big megacorp trying to shut down a fan's passion project at all. Axanar is "that guy" who is trying to cross what has, up until now, been a very magnanimous papa bear who lets all the neighborhood children play with his toys with one of the only major conditions being "don't sell my toys, they are not yours to sell." It is arrogant, slimy, and completely against what makes Star Trek a franchise worth having in the first goddamn place.
&gt; CBS/Paramount has been extremely generous over the last half-century when it comes to Star Trek fan-films. This isn't some case of a big megacorp trying to shut down a fan's passion project at all. &gt; Axanar is "that guy" who is trying to cross what has, up until now, been a very magnanimous papa bear who lets all the neighborhood children play with his toys with one of the only major conditions being "don't sell my toys, they are not yours to sell." &gt;It is arrogant, slimy, and completely against what makes Star Trek a franchise worth having in the first goddamn place. The fact that they keep trying to spin press as some "David and Goliath" story is icing on the cake. Put them down in the dirt.
Exactly! This is the first really high-profile fan production to piss CBS/Paramount off after **50 years**. 50 years. Half a Century. How many prominent cases of CBS/Paramount crushing fan productions are there being associated with this story as evidence of this cruel giant company afraid the fans are doing their original IP better than them? Half a century, surely there must be at least a few. That's how badly Axanar are fucking up.
Emma Frost is awesome. One of the very few "intentional asshole" characters I totally buy and sympathize with.
American Gods is a bunch of unused Sandman concepts looking for a unifying narrative
I think they'll be both some variation of bad. The show seems to be doubling down hard on fanservice. The books are unwieldy and impossible to resolve in a satisfying way, so you'll get a lot of the same reactions people had to LOST.
I was running the only Tank on a payload map today and someone running Tracer would *not stop spamming the "healer" button*. It wouldn't have bugged me except the Tracer wasn't getting kills or focusing on the objective and the rest of the team was squishy flankers/snipers. I'm running a tank and holding on the payload so I don't feel a whole lot of personal pressure to change. Yet the dumbass keeps on pressing for it like we all owe him something. It got to the point where the rest of my team started to joke in chat and talk to the enemy about it. "Hey do you guys have a healer? This guy is looking for one real bad." Fucking wankers man. Everyone wants to pretend they're the badass lone wolf flanker saving the team from the shadows. No one wants to actually play the objective.
As I said elsewhere about "American Gods" it's a bunch of unusued Sandman chapters looking for a unifying reason to be put together, and it never quite gets there. I still remember great stuff like the Egyptian house, the Thunderbird sequence, Odin not spilling the beers, and Easter... but again they're all things I picture as basically "lost Sandman chapters" and if you didn't know they were a part of the same narrative you'd never have a reason to believe they were. That's the ultimate flaw of American Gods. It's a lot of really cool little bits with a vague journey/mystery that basically adds up to a "ok, so what?"
Yes. I think it would be weirder if it didn't bother me. Especially because 99.9% of everyone I've ever met has one default response when you're looking for support: &gt;**DON'T SAY THAT YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU CAN ACHIEVE BE POSITIVE YOU AREN'T HELD BACK YOU HAVE LIMITLESS POTENTIAL PLEASE STOP IMPOSING ON ME** Fucking spare me. Even *if* they're right it doesn't change what I *believe* and trying to brute-force positivism without validation is so basic all it does is reinforce my sense of malaise. ----------- Then I run into the very blurry line of "when am I justified in telling bad advice to go screw itself?" vs "when is someone right that I need to be more willing to make some uncomfortable changes?" Unfortunately I've never had anyone perceptive, articulate, humble, or invested enough to counsel on that second question and I am the type of person who **HAS** to talk things out before taking action, which in our society is akin to demanding a full plate of caviar every night on a fast food worker's salary so recursively go back to the beginning of this post and start the cycle over again or just wallow in the feeling of your needs not being accommodated.
"Is it still expensive as balls to have a flaming skull dude with flaming motorcycle?" You bet your ass! "Then no. Never."
That looks like it may have actually been related to the slavery era in which case the building is evil
I am blaming them for this. The standards have been really lax up til now. Even if CBS and paramount are using them as an excuse they are still the ones who set the gears in motion.
I declare Spiderman homecoming the movie of George
Hah fuck that guy. He doesn't get too decide such things. How arrogant of him.
Consult a lawyer, but you may not have a good case of you only told your boss as you were being fired and all you have to prove he said your autism was irrelevant is your word then proof could be tough. Doubly so if you don't have a formal diagnosis. Still, that sucks. I'm sorry that happened. I had severe difficulties at my job from pot communication skills. I kept it, but barely and the fallout has been very humiliating. Think of jobs you might be better suited for and pursue them whole-heartedly.
Your hair is similar enough to mine that I'll share my tips that took a fifteen years of trial and error and a very lucky find of a master barber who gave me custom advice. 0. When you get a cut you are focusing on how it grows in, not just how it looks at the time. 1. Avoid thinning shears like the plague. Blending the line between your sides and top are generally OK. Never on the top. 2. Buzzer on the sides is OK. On the top is only OK if and only if they scissor cut after. 3. You need a point cut. That is when you cut "into" the hair or at a diagonal to facilitate curls and remove bulk without thinning shears. If they don't know how to point cut, don't let them cut. 4. Parts and bangs are still mostly at the expertise of the stylist or barber. Ask them for advice on what is natural for your growth patterns and work with it. 5. Trends are not something you can follow quite as much. The good news is curls always look good. 6. Deva cuts are growing on popularity but require a specialist and you probably need to grow out your curls more. /R/curlyhair will know more. 7. You may have to dig around for a good stylist. Don't balk at choices until you find a good one. Barbers, black barbers, frou frou salons, budget salons, alt salons are all fair game. 8. Don't just trust stylists who say they specialize in curly hair. Ask about point cuts and thinning shears first and be insistent. 9. For styling you seem to have a more naturally bouncy curl than I do so you might get away with no product. I use Cantu to style. Creams, pomades, and gels can all work depending on how wet you want the look, or you can get away with a more natural approach. Try out everything.
I realized this as an inevitability ten years ago when Hulu hit. The only question is who the biggest players will be and how fast they boil the frog, so to speak, before ads are similar to current television levels. Enjoy the time now kids.
A smart mugger will threaten to paralyze
To what? Negative karma from a bunch of strangers I don't give a fuck about? I've been saying shit just because I'm bored at work. What do I care?
It is deeply ironic how much time DC has spent trying to make their brand hip, modern, and sexy but continuously run into the problem of their core characters being largely inflexible. Meanwhile they sit on two to three entire generations of legacy heroes who have potential to be hip, young, and sexy but instead are swept under the rug because they aren't icons like the core characters. It's so stupid on so many levels. And what they did to Bart was unforgivable.
Work on being grounded. Have a life for yourself. Take things slow at first to gauge if you want her and if you think she is interested. Work on "outcome independence."
It's an article written explicitly to women about their men. To me the article read that the man taking care of the woman is to be expected and assumed as part of a healthy sex life. If their man is so immature and stunted as to not recognize their woman's pleasure as an integral aspect of sex then that is on those men. You seem very self-centered to be casting aspersions like that.
Except that mail woman with the shoelaces. They were so cute.
[He's really a combo (pun intended) of many characters](http://i.imgur.com/hNRfW.png). [I see Beat, Garam, Professor K, and even the dog](http://www.segabits.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/jsrf_chars.jpg).
Ah one of the few reasons Byrne isn't considered a waste of space.
You ate a lot of paint chips as a kid, didn't you?
[Have you tried it like this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW_ZnjSfjEI)
I don't even take it that seriously. Like I said it's a bunch of nice bits and pieces that form an unsatisfying whole. As for fans who use it to form the backbone of their ethos..... South Park fans have them beat hands fucking down.
No. Stop asking.
X2 is dated as hell and DOFP sucked on toast, but that's my opinion. I think he's a very mediocre director and while his style to pare down the weirder and colorful elements of the Xmen felt appropriate back in the early millennium, in a post Marvel studios world that approach feels dated. Lord knows he tries to compensate but he's just not suited to colorful more pure superheroics. And that's all before you get into the weird low budget affect most of his movies possess where they look painfully underlit and cheap. It's not about lack of fealty to the comics either. His movies feature loads of good bits that diverge heavily, the problem is there aren't enough of them to justify as a new vision. Plus on top of all of that Quicksilver is the fucking worst. Just everything people hate about overpowered heroes and Superman but for some reason it's OK because
It's just not fair sometimes
Seems to be. Makes some sense. Should be fun but shallow. By the comments here everyone is focused on the fanservice so it'll be a success.
My penis is thicker than average. Not insane, but I can wear large condoms and even extra large condoms without fronting. I'm proud of it.
There must have been a lot more wrong with that friend than pot smoking
That isn't art I'm seeing made
Instead of writing anything out you leave a condescending statement that there is too much wrong with my opinion with bothering to engage beyond letting me know you won't engage me, possibly out of fear that i have a good point. It's an arrogant statement, and I feel no qualms in telling you to get fucked.
Thanks for owning that. I bear no grudges and I wish you well.
I think for a lot of average guys it's just a little baggy so they get away with it. Xxl condoms are like that for me. They'll stay on but with some slack. Probably not worth the risk though, you're right.
Now listen to them on repeat on the radio for 10 straight years or so
I am? I didn't notice. Thanks though.
This sounds like a joke but it's true
Wow the man puts a ton of effort into trying to get people to empathize and ask the top comments are whining about how his metaphor isn't accurate enough, with women in particular complaining without any acknowledgement of the back half of his post. You all seem horribly self centered.
That's not a bad idea; thank you.
I was being sarcastic you dumb sack of shit.
No. Fuck off.
I said it in another thread: &gt;American Gods is a bunch of unused Sandman concepts leftover from 1996 that Gaiman used to smooth the transition to the full novel format. It's perfectly good, mind you, but not all that special. It's especially humdrum if you've read the Sandman and realize how much flimsier the American Gods narrative threads are. But whatever the "mythology jamboree" aspect will win over an entire new generation with the HBO series because they've never even heard of Sandman. That's ok with me, but I won't pretend it's also not kind-of annoying.
Roland Emmerich has always been kind-of an idiot outside of a specific filmmaking wheelhouse. Have you seen his theories on Shakespeare and that movie Anonymous? Dude can craft decent visuals and narrative, but holy crap in some ways he is dumb as a post.
A total cartoon before *and* after he realized he was a cartoon.
Yes I'm aware of Anti-Stratfordians. I'm aware Mark Twain and Sigmund Freud were among them. They're still really goddamn stupid. Like *really* stupid. Like "holy shit America's greatest author believed this I'd honestly rather he were an old-time Scientologist then at least I could pretend he was stupid for the tax breaks." Really smart people can believe really dumb things-- Issac Newton thought his greatest achievement was remaining a virgin. I wouldn't count Roland Emmerich among the really smart ones, although as a storyteller and filmmaker I give him props.
Good attempt at a save but I'm not buying it.
I'm going to pretend I knew it before
Oh wow I remember this. Yeah it was hot garbage then and I'm guessing time hasn't done it any favors.
The civil rights metaphor was obvious on its face from the get-go cupcake.
I have yet to have my current special interest go away (14 years and counting), but from what I recall you mostly allow yourself to drift a bit and try out new things. You don't need to commit nor feel like you're actively hunting, just keep doing what you have to do to survive and when you stumble across the next "thing" you'll know it.
But Leo hasn't won an Oscar for it
The ultimate problem I've seen is that to course-correct the problem properly involves stopping, reassessing interactions in a more intimate way with colleagues, and embracing humility and acknowledging a wider scope of context (e.g: "you are currently an intern, my displeasure is more frustration at the friction your inexperience presents in that exact moment and not an indicator of what I think of your growth nor potential as a long-term practioner") that is downright fucking taboo in wider society period for some reason. Part of *that*, I think, is the misbelief that being empathetic and sensitive is the equivalent of being mushy, soft, and "touchy-feely." It's really closer to be honest and diplomatic. The other is well, an issue of time. If you're on an ICU or even an average hospital floor I imagine there's not that much time to sort through every teammate. Still, it could be improved. There's no doubt in my mind about that.
Your statement is very dismissive and haughty towards innate communication problems between human beings that can and should be improved via conscious effort, most of all in an industry where the fate of a third party's life often hangs in the balance.
Still down for me.
TF2 got to almost 10 years before the stink of death started to take it. That's a *damn* good track record for a multiplayer FPS.
10 to 1 odds they pointed to nostalgia posts on places like /r/movies as proof of an audience.
I just had to uninstall the program it was giving me such trouble. I might not even reinstall it.
I successfully managed to tell off a superior at work who tried to humiliate me in front of others under the impression that difficulty communicating is synonymous with poor cognitive capability. It wasn't an A+ job, but the message was received. I've also managed to let a few other barbs from different people in my life not affect me as deeply as they might have a week ago. It is hard to give myself credit for that however. I still feel very alone, however, and the anxiety of forging ahead in my life almost completely alone* is stressful, but I feel better about facing it now than I need before. *PM-ing me or talking to me in a chatbox does not constitute "being there" so don't fucking bother
Yes. If that counts as saying the work is bad then I have an infamously zesty sack of smegma to shove down your throat.
Do they try to set it up like they were going to get Wil Smith back? Because that isn't happening now for sure
Why do you need to excuse the multi-millionaire who married a woman who looks like his favorite fetish (Zatanna) and gets to have aging nerds jerk his name off in public every time he's mentioned as "the savior of Batman"? Everyone gets it wrong some of the time. Gaiman himself got the dynamic wrong plenty of times (been doing a reread of Sandman), and it's fun to point out when that happens.
He's ok. Outside of "Mad Love" I and everyone I've ever met doesn't associate his name with any classic stories. His run on Detective Comics had its moments. Arkham Knight and City were pretty good. Gaiman had to have liked the idea besides, because at least through the 90s Gaiman got to sign off on any use of Sandman characters in the mainline DCU. It's probable this comic you posted wouldn't even have been printed without his consent. I'm still not sure why you have to try and suck the guy's dick. I mean are you getting paid for it or something? I'm not even hating mind you, it's just all so very puzzling when the ultimate story here is very mediocre and little more than pure Morpheus fanservice to anyone who ever read Sandman. Seriously it reads like 95% of the non-narrative issues (genre story has Morpheus show up, intone how the power of stories relates to what's happening, the genre story concludes), but this time it's *Batman*. There's nothing *wrong* with that but it's not exactly "holy crap we just discovered a lost Shakespeare play" now is it?
It's less that the idea sounds bad, and more that they are trying to fix a gameplay style (Sonic Colors and Sonic Generations) that wasn't broken... and took over a decade of trial and error to get to.
Status anxiety.
&gt;Will Eisner(for his time) Uh, dude, most of Eisner's stuff holds up way better and in some ways is still way ahead of the curve than you're giving him credit.
It's about legal distinctions dipshit. It has nothing to do with confusion on the consumer end.
And because they know idiot neckbeards will still go see it.
* Polish * Blizzard is the best in the business as leaning into cliche when it comes to design of their characters and; they can sell you a professional video gamer/streamer in a skintight Evangelion suit as a waifu and make it work. * Blizzard learned all the right lessons from Team Fortress 2. * Matches are satisfying and hit the sweet spot of 10-30 minutes, ideal for casual gamers but capable of marathon play. * Ditches long-standing FPS conventions like ammo drops and fall damage that get in the way of the fun stuff. * Polish * Impressive overall class balance considering the number of characters. * Removal of player's ability to make a map choice, removing democratic elements that get in the way of "pick up and play." * XP system and Loot Boxes are just enough of a treadmill to facilitate longer play but optional enough to avoid becoming the reason to play. * Players share credit on kills and can't see the kill count of other players so they judge players largely by their contributions to the goal. * Polish * The placard system at the end of a round gives credit and allows players to give props to each other * The Play of the Game system gives incentive to play well and play big * The Overtime system and general design of KoTH maps seems fine-tuned to allow for more nail-biting matches than any other system I've seen. * Polish ------------------ Flesh this shit out and you've got blogspam for days!
No, he's right too. It can be both. Besides who is to say that the argument against a waifu simulator is to protect the sanctity of imaginary women? Maybe it's an argument the same way "don't get too used to eating candy every day because when the day comes that your body can't handle it anymore, you'll be far the worse off for it" is. The irony of black and white thinking!
I don't think he's surprised by that. Autistic doesn't necessarily mean imperceptive of what neurotypicals are like. I don't know if you noticed but you guys kind-of make up the vast majority of the population. I think it's more that his disability--and yes it *is* a disability--makes apathy even more dangerous because faking it successfully and contributing to the greater community is *that* much harder. Source: Autistic and apathetic.
Barely-concealed corporate sponsorship.
This is why I avoid literally everything associated with the show "Archer." It's a good show on its own, but where the show goes the fans go, and such a place is a netherworld of stupidity.
I wish Capcom could be as consistent as chicken soup with rice.
/r/suicidebereavement might be of help too.
I don't think op is doing that
Because they both had lots of tragedy in their lives and now they represent a bygone age which reminds you of your own fleeing mortality
Yes we fucking know every loser on Reddit acts like it's hidden knowledge I have you and four other dipshits trying to tell me the same thing.
We know
We know.
We know.
If almost be disappointed if we didn't
Yeah the crowds are always their own worst enemy. I know that isn't a new or deep insight but there you go.
Yeah it is an insidious kind of a trap, but not intentional, and if it was you keeping someone else back you might feel differently. Either way you have to make that choice to abandon them or not. I can't fully blame you if you did, but I'd hope that you wouldn't.
Apple crates and forced perspective yo
I doubt it would be lethal and more likely fuck up your liver. Now you're in the hole for a major organ and just as miserable as you were. Can't say I haven't been there but I can say I'm glad I backed down.
I don't want to bullshit you and I don't think I have the solution. I'm surrounded by death and misery at my job. I know no one gets a happy ending. Even so, is there any way to attack your problems one at a time? Like give yourself permission to fail at most things, your going to keep your eye on that one thing. It might be trite to say that, but I think it might be the best option you've got.
It's 80s.
Quit encouraging other Genjis man!
Well then, I can only offer my perspective on what you wrote two months ago, but it doesn't sound trivial. I can relate on the whole "helping others to help yourself" deal--that's a big reason why I'm here and why I took really awful work in a hospital (have to go right now, in fact) just so that even if nothing gets better for me at least I go to bed knowing I did something kind-of good with my time. I do have to run, but I'd like to hear more from you (and not in a patronizing "I want to check up on you" kind-of way). I'm up all night so if you send something I can respond, depending on how the workload is (usually some dead time between 12-4). In the meantime, have you ever considered just giving yourself permission to feel the way you do? Permission to feel that having friends or transitioning won't help you? It sounds like you *realize* that those things won't help, but you haven't given yourself permission to feel that way because to do so would be "bratty" or "entitled" or a dozen other words that denigrate your very real malaise. Anyway hope to hear from you.
I can think of people with those traits who are attractive. I think you're confusing "attractive because healthy" with "cosmetic beauty." They are distinct.
Hey Ryan. I don't disagree. I do consider the benefits of friends as something utilitarian and mutualist in addition to the abatement of lonely angst. it is ultimately a trade-off to make.
I don't want to coddle you here but I don't want to pile it on either. You do need some nurturing and validation. First, try to give yourself some space to feel validated by yourself. It sucks that others won't give it to you but they can't stop you from giving it to yourself. Be in the space until it gets boring. Then pick something super small like organizing your desk top (just the top) and feel a bit constructive. You need that. Feel yourself build something outside of yourself. But first shit in a space of validating yourself, even if it is bratty or whiny of you don't like what you find.
Yes, but this calls for a bit of communication regardless
Trim the beard for the love of god. Even length all over. Get rid of the bangs. Embrace your receding hairline and flip the bangs up or get rid of them. /r/skincareaddiction for skin advice, you look a bit greasy.
Yeah if it fits it should correlate much more than one or two things. I'm sure you'll get a bead following the sub for a while.
While the polish is undeniably very high, if their $900,000 budget isn't just "pitch money" then the odds of them maintaining the shockingly high quality of that demo is fairly low. Production is a biiiiiiiiiiitch. I'm *not* hating and I'm *not* saying that a finished product would be bad or even below the demo standard, but I am saying there's a very long way to go so try not to get ahead of real expectations just because the launch is particularly strong.
Fans are gonna fan.
Thanks for showing me that.
Just go live in a semi-rural or rural area. Hell depending on how big your suburban property is you can get away with it. It's fucking awesome.
Hah the problem ain't the drug tests you wuss, the tough part is just finding the damn stuff these days.
Jurassic Park reference, because actual discussion can never be upvoted when there's a reference for someone to understand.
Wall St. in the 80s.
I think a lot of the smarter ones know that they're just "Satan's Gut Bugs" (there to help get the shit out so you need them, but are only important if you have way too much shit to get through), but they understand that advertising and con-man jobs are a 24/7 gig and they either become the mask or are sociopaths.
Good luck. You are going to need it.
It's nothing so crude. It's literally just "brand recognition."
