Lol moron, I bet you didn't follow Madrid in all those years in order to make such a dumb claim. They were good signings.
2011-13 for two years he was very good and on track to reach world class status. Real Madrid was heavily rumored to have achieved a deal in summer of '13 to sign him in summer of '14 but they opted out of it later. As soon as the '13-'14 season started, the back injury happened which was very weird and didn't allow him to play at all for 1year+. He returned this season mid October and he had a relatively full season. He didn't perform that well, though it's hard to say if that was on him or the team underperforming in general. In my eyes it's a low risk high reward signing. Won't cost much, it might work wonders or be totally pointless like Hleb.
Your quote: &gt; Wasted so much money on shit transfers. The players that were brought shown in the image were good signings. David Beckham for 35 mil ? Are you serious ? He was at least a very good player if not world class and he's been the most marketable player in football history. Enormous return of investment potential. The transfer policy overall was definitely shit since we were buying players we didn't need, selling others that were vital, having shit coaches etc. Perez' first term rapidly became a total shitshow but the signings shown in the picture were good. Figo, Makelele, Beckham, Samuel, Ramos, Robinho, Ronaldo, Benzema, Alonso, Di Maria, Ozil, Isco, Carvajal all great players.
Τhe transfer policy was definitely shit in Perez' first term but I think it's been very good in his second term. I agree with the rest, despite signing good players from the summer of 2003 and onwards with the departure of Del Bosque, Makelele and Hierro things went downhill very fast. My initial argument was about the signings themselves, they were good. Everything around them was bad though so the club suffered. I just wanted to make that distinction clear cause it's important and it's hard for newer fans to notice it.
Don't worry about it, I was also extra aggressive for no good reason. I think Bale's history in England and his first season with Madrid justified Perez/Ancelotti starting him so much. He's a very high quality player that for unknown reasons couldn't perform to his standards this season. Isco this season was 6th in minutes played and 3rd in appearances. Last season he also had similar numbers meaning that in two years in Madrid he's been a core player rarely ever sitting out. All that as he just got 23 years old so don't hear what others like to say, Isco has not been hurt at all, on the contrary he's played extraordinarily a lot cause of circumstances. Jese sure got shafted this season but I don't think it was the wrong move. He didn't convince at all in his few appearances and sure, Bale was doing bad too but at least Bale is Bale, when he's having a bad game there's a chance he'll make something magical like last year's finals.
So when people accuse repeatedly Iker for being a rat with zero proof no one should do something about it ? How is that fair ? I agree that what happens behind locked doors shouldn't be leaked but if it does and it's lies then someone has to set the record straight or at least try.
Αre those tattoos on Messi permanent ones ?
Not only reach agreement, they can't even negotiate contracts with them.
It's meh. Anyone with decent football history knowledge though understands the difference between european cup and champions league. The difference is practically only in name as nothing else changed. The important list is european cup and champions league combined. Gento leads that one with 6 titles, an incredible record that only Messi has a somewhat decent chance to equalise or even break. If he doesn't make it, I think no one will. Behind him there's like 8 players from Real Madrid's legendary squad that won five in a row and Costacurta and Maldini that lived through a lot of Milan's golden periods. Then there are a few more RM players from the old days and the more recent magnificent Seedorf. After that, there are dozens with 3 and that's the jump that Xavi, Iniesta, Messi and Pique can make tomorrow.
Nope. From 1992 that was the last year as european cup to 1993 that was the first year as Champions League, literally nothing was different. The exact same format with only champions entering. The change you are referring to happened quite a bit later in 1998 where multiple teams per country started competing and overall the format became similar to what it's been for almost 20 years now. So to come back to my initial point, the name change from European Cup to Champions League was just that, a name change. Thus separating it as two different eras is wrong. Only reason it happens is because it suits the media's needs for pointless records etc.
Sure, there are many ways to do it, I prefer jdownloader2 it can grab the YT separate games or the YT full stream or the Twitch fullstream.
No point cutting his revenue from youtube. It literally takes 1min to turn a youtube video to mp3.
Yea, guess what though, Link always sucked dick in LoL as most of NA since they are by far the worst in producing homegrown talent. And that's been exactly the same with Stracraft2 and CSGO. Obviously those who fail will be bitter.
Wait a minute. Why is he the correct one and not a bunch of other pros who believe otherwise ? Let me guess, because he suits your beliefs. I'm not into Dota so I don't have a certain opinion but it's very likely Dota has more depth than LoL. That doesn't mean LoL has no depth. There's always going to be games with more depth, Brood War probably had more depth than Dota, so what ? LoL is a legit eSports. It's 2015, not 2011. No one can argue against that.
It's not a couple of months, it's literally half the season. Mid august to mid January.
And how many games of sevilla with vidal have you seen in total?
Don't worry about it, no one knows everything. In all European countries except Russia and a few other where winter is very severe, the season is from late August to late May and winter signings go through in January.
Why dodge the question ? Feel embarrassed to say the truth ?
I'm following [this guide](http://honkmahfah.blogspot.gr/2012/04/dark-tower-suggested-reading-order-for.html) to navigate through Stephen King's Dark Tower world. The one I finished this week is Hearts in Atlantis read by Stephen King and William Hurt. Despite not being fantasy and myself having no relation with living in US in the '60s, I liked the book, especially the first part of it which has also been made into a decent film. Next on my list is The Stand, pretty famous and big in size. I compared between two narrators, first one was Bruce Huntey and the second one was Grover Gardner, I'll probably go on with the latter.
He can play both LW and RW. Barcelona has no one for those spots except an mediocre Pedro. If there's injuries or rotation, Vidal might get some time as a winger. I agree though that he was probably bought for the RB position.
Still dodging. It's a simple question.
Both of the two groups of thought you are describing are wrong imo. There's just not enough data to be confident on whether he'll work out or not. It's a high risk signing, specially if Dani Alves leaves.
Lol what do I have to do with it ? I clearly said from the start "I'm not into Dota". You claimed "Link has formerly played Dota at a moderately competitive level" which is a ridiculous statement for which you provided zero proof to back it up hence it's pure bullshit. Of course pros play for the money, that's the very definition of the word "pro", doing something in order to get paid. If you are investing so much time into doing something without getting paid you are defined as an amateur. LoL had good prize pool tournaments for two years before Dota2 came up. As for the last part, you must be absolutely clueless to make that claim. Plenty of dota1 known players tried to make it in LoL, prime example is Hyhy who was very famous and even was a big part of Valve's documentary free to play.
They are a newspaper based on Barcelona so yes, they definitely focus a lot on FCB.
Don't know if this is a new rule but I like it.
So you think it's commendable for a player to decide to waste 1 year of his career doing nothing instead of joining other top clubs like Arsenal last summer ? When Ancelotti came he continued starting Khedira just like Mourinho did. Then Khedira got injured and Ancelotti found other solutions in the midfield that showed having Khedira as a starter is not optimal. He also never played well after his injury despite Ancelotti giving him some opportunities.
Real Madrid wanted to sell him last summer, they had accepted an offer from Arsenal but Khedira was asking for crazy money so it never happened. Similar to Illaramendi in January though Real Madrid at least with Ancelotti as the coach didn't want to force the issue and threaten the players with leaving them to train alone etc. Maybe Khedira thought he'd earn his spot in the RM squad but I seriously doubt that. He knew the chances of that were very low and chose to sit on his contract for 1 more season. Beyond that yea it would be very easy for him to find a top club since he'd be free.
I'm probably playing on an old patch. I got 3 blacksmithing and 5 crafting but I can't do anything to the legendary in the picture. NOTHING happens when I put it on the whetstone or when I add tormented souls/essences/poison on it. I can do all of that on normal weapons but not on that one. Why ? :s
Yea but they sometimes get leaked or there are rumors. I was just expecting something different based on the title.
I think Bartra is very good but it's pointless to stay in a team that rates you as 4th or 5th in line and there are rarely ever any injuries. If Vermaelen stays healthy, Bartra will get even less minutes next season.
I know R.Madrid has done it dozens of times but in which occasions did Barcelona do it ?
From the player's point of view, Bayern could be a great move. He could become an important player for them or even a starter.
I watched The Twelve Kingdoms like a year ago, I enjoyed it a lot. I agree on your warning, it's more about the journey than the destination with that one.
Hm freshon ?
It's a lot easier to act nice when you are winning.
What does he mean "Two bookings = 1 game" ?
Are you allergic with facts ?
Failing is part of competing, even the best go through it.
Oh okay, thanks. Dumb rule if you ask me, should be 3 yellows in any game.
Because the midfield was by far the weakest line this season.
Okay thanks. Think I'll play that with the Ehnanced edition.
Hell yeah! About time the people decided about their future directly. Looking forward to voting no.
Ι've never been hungry in my life and I doubt I will in the future.
Well, Rakitic is 5 years older than Pogba, he played for an inferior team and I also think he was on his last year of contract.
It's interesting that it's a loan but without the details it's hard to judge the deal.
Okay but you are not providing anything to base your claim they are wrong.
Inter will use him without fear then, specially if it's locked for 2 years.
We won the Champions League in 2002 so we've won two CL titles since 2002. Your initial post was one of the stupidest I've ever read in my life and I've read a lot of shit over the years. I could analyse it point by point but it's not worth it. Just this part in the end "lucky like Ancelotti" sums it up nicely.
Still doesn't make sense. What does luck have to do with the fact we've changed so many managers ? We were consistently getting better each season in Perez' 2nd term except Mourinho's 3rd season. We got close to it when we lost to Bayern in the penalties, we kept being one of the top teams and under Ancelotti we managed to be the best team in the world and rightfully won the Champions League. Luck had nothing to do with it. I'm not mad at all. I have the same state of mind regardless of what I'm reading. It can be something clever or something retarded like your post, it doesn't affect me. As for stating facts, first of all you failed by saying 1 CL since 2002. Secondly, your manipulation of facts by picking dates that help your argument is laughable and suitable for children. What does "past few years" even mean ? For some it means last 3 years, for others it means last 15 years. No matter how you pick your dates, our achievements have not been "sad" compared to Bayern or any other team in the world for that matter except Barcelona who have had a legendary squad in the last 10 years. Main reason for that was the core group of academy players Messi-Busquets-Iniesta-Xavi-Puyol. They themselves have failed to produce anyone even remotely close to that level of an academy player since Busquets like 7 years ago so it's obviously not a recipe that can be replicated. If that was the case Barcelona or one of the other tens of teams trying to reach the top would have done something similar too. The reasons you presented (sporting director, coach changes, veteran players having power, good transfers) don't make sense. Barcelona's sporting directors were failures, their transfers were for the most part atrocious, they've changed a similar number of coaches and their veteran players have a ton of power too.
It's blunt but controversial means there are enough people arguing the other side and I don't think that applies here.
I don't see how the crowd supported Polanski. Not laughing at the joke is a neutral reaction, not supportive. No one can doubt he's a legendary filmmaker. I've seen only a fraction of his work (chinatown, repulsion, pianist) and I liked them a lot.
In the middle of the season there's not much the coach can change. It's more of a mentality switch, starting line ups/subs and other small fixes. If Zidane stays in place for next season, we'll get to understand more of his plan by judging the summer roster changes.
I dream of a wheel of time spinoff novel about Luthair Paendrag crossing the ocean and conquering the Seanchan. So many WoT books yet so little of its world and history is covered.
Τhe source is legit but I find it hard to imagine Barcelona going from having only MSN to having MSN+Turan+Vidal+Nolito+Sane in a span of half a season. It would mean a super bench but it's just not how Barcelona operates.
Things indeed can change and sometimes you never see it coming. Just by how things have been done in the last years in Barcelona, having a costly high level bench is not a trait of this club.
I agree on that one and what you are describing wasn't prevalent just when the team took the lead. Overall the team very rarely gave the impression of dominating the field, possession was low, a bunch of high risk deep balls etc. When I watched the team play, it usually felt like they were equal with the opponent team, only difference was higher individual quality eg. our forwards converting better, our GK performing brilliantly etc. Under Ancelotti that almost never happened, especially when all the first team players were available.
**My OGN wishlist:** * Higher quality. Resolution =/= quality. Higher bitrate and better use of it = quality. * Proper VODs, similar to how r/LoLeventVoDs provides them. Emphasis on spoiler-free, all VODS should be 70min+long so duration doesn't spoil games. * A way for fans to show their appreciation. Donation or subscriptions/members with extra benefits. * Associate as little as possible with Riot as long as they don't change their tactics. Competition first, marketing second. Not the other way around. * Keep the korean scene strong so as to keep stomping the west.
Pogba stories sell a lot so with Zidane as a coach there will be even more stories about him. Zidane for various reasons is a fan of Pogba, Laporte and Hazard. That doesn't mean he'll try sign them, it's just a possibility. I'm pretty sure Zidane himself doesn't know right now what he'll do in the summer if he continues as coach. I don't think we overpaid for Bale. Right wingers are extremely rare and it was by far the best option for us that summer. It's mostly fans who were disappointed as they falsely believed Bale would be close to Ronaldo's level or he'd reach that in a couple of years. That was wrong, Bale was way below Ronaldo's level and needed 3+ years of constant improvement to maybe reach Ronaldo. Pogba's position makes it almost impossible to have such a high impact on the game as forwards do like Bale. Even Xavi, the best midfielder in the last 15 years, was way below Messi on impact in the game. Pogba could be a useful signing but if such a sum is paid it's mostly cause of the age and how many years he has ahead of him, not his current skill. Personally I'm not a fan of the idea, I'd prefer Verratti instead if it's possible to happen for like 75mil. Overall I'm not too worried on the subject, this is all transfer talk and I don't think there will be any serious developments up till at least April-May. This year specifically with the Euro happening in June, it's very likely all the big european players transfers will be pushed back till July. For example why would Juventus strike a deal before the Euro since France and Pogba could do well and hence cost more.
Ramos and Varane are great but they've shown that lately they are not extremely reliable since they miss games here and there. A top level team needs 3 strong CBs and Pepe is good but declining. We are also lacking a LB backup option. Laporte can fill both of those holes (3rd CB and back up LB). He's extremely young at 21yo, has 3-4 seasons of first team experience with A.Bilbao in both La Liga and europe, he's expected to pair up with Varane as the french NT CB duo. Problems are he's expensive, Bilbao rarely negotiates and might initially have limited playing time. There's also the Vallejo signing we made in the summer, maybe he'll be the one joining and we won't spend for a CB. It's obvious to me that if a high profile signing is made in the midfield, someone will have to leave (Kroos-Isco-Modric). Porgba specifically indeed costs too much, we'll see how things go in the rest of the season.
Pogba hasn't been sold yet so there is no Pogba money. I don't think if Verratti leaves it will be for more than 90mil.
&gt; I'm certain that Marcelo could play in the midfield or as a winger. I'm not but maybe he could. The facts though are that Alabas has done it and Marcelo hasn't so he's less versatile. Defensively, he's average. A lot of the time he's passive, the opposite player will get the ball behind him or will get the header and Marcelo will be around but doing nothing. It's true that he has a lot of weight on him, specially when there is no Isco playing on the left as with Benitez when James was played that sode defensively was a disaster. &gt; Neuer... It's true that he's not tested a lot but that can't count against him. I remember when he was playing with Schalke and he was getting tested more than any GK I've ever seen and he was magnificent. Also his blunders rarely ever result in conceded goals and that's important.
Beside the players, it could also be the fault of the management for hiring bad coaches.
Disagree, don't think it's definitely a penalty. More like a 50-50 situation with both calls being acceptable. You are correct in that Varane didn't touch the ball initially but the problem is Halilovic in his final step before the contact changes his course significantly. He leaves the straight line he is following towards the ball and steps on his left towards Varane. That going off your course to protect the ball is a grey area in the rules, it's not clear hence the ambiguity of that play. In my opinion, the ideal solution for that kind of soft fouls inside the area are indirect free kicks. I remember those being the norm in the middle 90s when I first started watching football, only goal denying fouls inside the area were considered penalties, the softer fouls were indirect free kicks.
For NBA or other sports fans it makes sense but it's not a tradition in football, specially in Spain it's never done because of the regulations. The highest honor is having the stadium named after you although that is getting extremely rare in the last 10+years with the sponsorships getting the naming rights. Maybe Barcelona names their 2nd squad stadium after him, similar to how Real Madrid have done in honor of Di Stefano.
From like ~5 games I've seen of Pedro and Nolito this season, the difference in performance is astonishing.
Fascinating stuff. Media are claiming that Madrid opted for the installments payment method but as far as I know there is no proof for that.
The best quality internals all day every day.
Οkay. His finishing has stopped being good for quite some time now so even if he was set up to score more I don't think he'd have done very well.
Cool stuff but not as exciting as Bale's since it was already known that Ozil cost roughly 50mil.
How is Bale's €92.4m adjusted to inflation ? [His leaked transfer contract literally said:](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/gareth-bale-more-expensive-cristiano-7217203) &gt; *"The first installment of €24,935,895 was paid within 10 working days of the agreed sale. The next (also €24,935,895) was due by July 24 2014. The third (again €24,935,895 ) was due a year after that and the final installment of £21,282,787 is set to be paid on July 24 2016."* That's 3x24,93=74,8 and 21,28gbp are currently 28€ so 74.8+28=102.8 How is that figure transformed to 92.4 ?
Didn't claim my calculations were adjusting to inflation, I just added the four installments of the leaked contract and asked how the 92.4 figure is calculated. I can understand Ronaldo's and Zidane's adjustments to inflation. They cost X money, Y years ago so in current money it's X+Z%. In Bale's case though the claim i don't understand is how his proven 100+mil cost gets **reduced significantly** in just 2 years. (103mil-&gt;92mil).
Τhe spanish media go with whatever Real Madrid tells them. The english media go with whatever Totenham tells them. That's what almost always happens. In the Suarez transfer for example, Barcelona and spanish media were claiming 81mil while english media were claiming I think 90 almost certainly because of info from Liverpool. It was huge as far as transfer contracts go. What other similar transfer leak would be more interesting ? Cant find any. Neymar's transfer contract has probably already been made public since it's a subject of a trial for quite some time now. I think it was the original 57mil or something. The problem with Neymar's transfer were unofficial payments to third parties, hence the issue with tax evasion etc. &gt;Actually no, the price reported is normally the players price and not the price after tax or interest added. No, you are wrong. You are mingling together different things (tax, a specific release clause tax and installments). Firstly, your use of the word "tax" makes it sound like it's a regular tax and it happens in every transfer. That's not the case. The tax you described in Illara, Martinez, and Herrera is very specific as it only affects breaking release clauses of players in spanish teams. Thus to make it easier to understand, I'll refer to that tax with a capital T (Tax). Those release clauses are broken extremely rarely and that Tax is a big reason for it as the buying team practically has to pay extra money that benefit neither team really. So for example Illaramendi, his release clause is 32mil. Real Madrid makes a 32 mil offer to Sociedad. If Sociedad accepts, R.Madrid pays only 32mil including regular tax. If Sociedad is adamant not to sell and refuses, R.Madrid can go to the federation (or something like that), pay 32mil cash plus the extra Tax (like 8mil) to break the release clause and circumvent R.Sociedad and sign the player. That's what also happened with Martinez and Herrera. A.Bilbao is notorious for not negotiating with buying clubs and forcing them to break release clauses which is inconvient and costly as it required the money to be paid instantly and not in installments plus the extra Tax. As far as reports go, you are correct that in the extremely low number of this kind of cases, the extra Tax is usually not added it in the reported cost. There have been a number of times though that I've seen the extra tax added in. All that though is irrelevant with the Bale case and 99.99% of the transfers overall as in all of those transfers the regular tax is included in the reported transfer prices. In Bale's leaked contract for example it said that the price is 87mil plus 5% tax=91mil. Secondly, installments and extra clauses. The transfer prices are rarely disclosured officially and the paying method is practically never disclusured. In general though, if the media have the appropriate info, they will report the actual money paid. For example X player could have been bought 40mil but the club chose to pay three installments for a total sum of 45mil, chances are the media will report the 45mil. That's what practically happens all the time since most of the transfers are paid in installments and not all up front. As for clauses it depends as there are "easy" clauses like for example Ozils about Arsenal qualifying to the Champions League and there are "hard" clauses like winning the CL or being a top 3 ballon d'or nominee etc. The easy clauses are usually either reported in the sum altogether or reported as 45+5 and in the article it's said what the clauses are or how easy they are to be achieved. The harder clauses are more rarely disclosured initially and they usually become known after they've met, usually by the seller who leaks the info as a way to show they made a good deal in their sale. PS: Bale cost Madrid around €100mil and that's what counts.
This kind of info makes me believe Barcelona's board took very high risks. Imagine Neymar or Suarez flopping or the team in general for various reasons failing to achieve their targets, the income could be very low and that could mean an economic crysis and the club having to either not spend at all for a number of seasons or be forced to get huge loans.
Rotation isn't a switch to either do it or not. There's a whole spectrum in between. Rotating little and rotating a lot both have pros and cons. At this point of the season I'd prefer the Ancelotti way and getting as much time for the standard 11+1 starters. The season has been pretty light with a small number of games so far and we need the first eleven to mesh well together as there is little to no room for dropping points in the league and we are in the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Do you know of any coach in the history of football that wasn't heavily criticized for something ? You are going to get criticized no matter what, that doesn't mean you were wrong. What matters is the record and Ancelotti and Mourinho are two of the best coaches in recent history no matter the criteria you choose to use. &gt; Mourinho won the league by once again burning... &gt; Ancelotti? his domestic record speaks for itself I don't understand the purpose of those two points. Do you believe they are bad coaches ? &gt; Pep does rotate... I also don't understand this point. I didn't say Guardiola doesn't rotate, I said "Those are two of the three biggest names in coaching currently (third being Guardiola)". &gt; we're stuck with a declining man-child who's playing every single minute and the young players in the bench. He's still better than almost everyone and he plays every single minute not just because of his status but because he's incredible reliable, always being fit to play. There's also plenty of young players playing, not all of them sit in the bench. For example in our last game we had: Marcelo 27 Varane 22 Danilo 24 Kroos 26 Isco 23 James 24 Benzema 28 Carvajal 24 Jese 22. R.Madrid for years has had one of the youngest starting elevens while Barcelona has had one of the oldest. There's never been any correlation between age and success. &gt; moderate rotation is required. No it's not. Only basic light rotation is required so you don't completely exhaust your players but beyond that anything goes. There's multiple examples of success with light rotation.
In whose place ?
If that means winning another Champions League sign me up!
I wouldn't want it because it's like €-200mil for us and €+200mil for Barcelona. And that's without wages which for Neymar it would probably be something like 25mil per year, which translates to 50mil for R.Madrid cause of the 50% tax rate. So in just 1 season there would be a ~€500mil difference between Barcelona and R.Madrid. I don't see Neymar justifying that in the football field.
&gt; No, just that they're not perfect. Well how good do you think they are then since you completely disagree with something so crucial for a coach. How much to rotate is like the second biggest responsibility for a coach after making roster changes during transfer periods and even that is a lot of times not handled directly by the coach but from higher in the club's management. You can't consider them exceptionally good coaches as they are thought as by most now can you ? &gt; Lol? is this sarcasm? Cristiano has been piss poor. He plays every single minute because of his status. He's another player who's more focused on himself than the squad, has to resort to kick/punch players now. Sarcasm of what ? Who's better than Ronaldo in his LW position worldwide this season ? Neymar ? That's it, no one else. Ronaldo has been poor by the standards he's set for himself over the years. By everyone else's standards he's been pretty good. He doesn't play every minute only because of his status, he has exceptionally good fitness and never misses games due to injuries too, something extremely rare. It's not a problem focusing on yourself, you can't act for others in the team, the only one you can act for is yourself. Ronaldo has been lashing out throughout his career, it's not something new. Other legendary footballers like Maradona and Zidane have had that behavior too. It's not something you resort to when you can't perform at the level you want. It's just part of someones character. &gt; Barcelona plays their best players and they have a balanced squad. The same can't be said for us What does that even mean ? "Barcelona plays their best players" ? Is Vermaelen that started in their last two games the best CB of Barcelona ? Of course not. He's the 5th best, he the worst they have. He's jack shit and got subbed out as soon as possible cause he was failing miserably. He's offered Barcelona nothing two years now and he's proven to be an awful transfer so far. How is "Barcelona playing their best" and Real Madrid isn't ? Which are those better players in R.Madrid that get less playing time than worse players in their positions ? What does having a "balanced squad" mean ? Having Munir and Sandro as backup for MSN is having balance ? Having Mascherano as backup DM is being balanced ? Having Adriano and Mathieu as back up LB is being balanced ? Having literally no back up RB for D.Alves for half the season and forcing S.Roberto to play out of position is having balance ? Are you fucking joking ? And why doesn't R.Madrid have a balanced squad ? &gt; and there's a reason why we've struggled so much in this last decade. We can't even beat a recently promoted Betis. Barcelona failed to beat Getafe last season in a game. So what ? Did that stop them from winning the treble ? There's not just one reason we've struggled, there's plenty of reasons. You haven't mentioned a single one though. &gt; What is "basic light rotation"? I'm not saying we should rotate every player, just rotate enough to give other players a chance and not play players that are playing like shit. Ancelotti in his first season. Playing the same 12-13 players as much as you can. Not giving a shit about Jese and other players you don't value. That's basic light rotation. So many posts and I've still not understood which players you think they haven't gotten chances and which players get playing time while being shit.
&gt; We can afford to spend that much That's your opinion, not a fact. In reality facts are since after the summer of 2009 R.Madrid has done some very careful spending each year. [Stats since summer of 2010.](https://www.diigo.com/item/image/5jn0i/v5i9?size=o) &gt; Barcelona wouldn't be able to replace Neymar. Another opinion. I remember people saying they wouldn't be able to replace Xavi, they seem to be doing fine to me. Imo Messi and Busquets are more crucial to Barcelona than Neymar. &gt; Where did you get that number from? Simple. Initially both RM and FCB are at €0 and Neymar is still at Barcelona. Neymar transfers to RM for 200mil and signs a 25mil salary which to RM means 50mil. At that point RM is -200mil and Barcelona is +200. Economical gap between the two has gone from 0 to 400mil. After one year R.Madrid has paid 50mil to Neymar and Barcelona has saved the 50mil they would have paid to Neymar. So an additional -50 and +50 takes the 400 to 500 in one year. &gt; You're not taking into account that these payments are done in installments and he would be taking Cristiano's wages. Neymar is also the most marketable player in the world after Cristiano and Messi. Well for starters, if Barcelona doesn't accept our offer and we have to break Neymar's clause, we'll have to pay his release clause instantly and not in installments plus the fact that there would be an extra enormous tax payment. But let's forget that and for whatever reason we are able to pay it in installments. No matter how many years it takes to pay the money, in the end you've still paid the same amount of money and that's the best case scenario since usually installments means more money. You are right, I haven't touched Ronaldo's money. I only analysed Neymar's case. As you said, Neymar is behind Ronaldo in marketability. &gt; We are going to most likely get record breaking sponsorship deals once we renew, I think it would be foolish to not buy Neymar if we could. Since we are talking about hundreds of millions I think that kind of money is better used elsewhere. Renovating the Bernabeu, something we've tried and failed for like 15 years. Just selling part of the naming rights of the renovated stadium would mean like a hundred million out of thin air. That's good business, zero risk high reward. &gt; Look at United with all the money they have and how mediocre they are. Yea I've looked at them hard enough in the last years and they've embraced the idea of spending stupendous amounts of money in transfers and they've achieved jack shit with it.
It's not necessary to break the release clause. 40mil is a reasonable deal for both clubs and Laporte can try to force his way out if Bilbao plays hard to get. Keep in mind that Laporte isn't the traditional hardcore Bilbao player that has lived all his life there. He was born and raised in France and left for Bilbao when he was 16-17years old. I doubt whether he wants to stay there all his career. Reus being "too injury prone" is a lie. He's been playing in the Bundesliga since 2009/10 and he only missed many games in one season, the last one. The other 5 and a half seasons he had almost zero injury issues, the same is true for his earlier years in lower divisions. &gt;The Camp Nou renovation is estimated to cost around 423m pounds and I don't give a shit about their new stadium. There is no estimate for the Camp Nou renovation since no one knows what the final project will be. Having an extra €170-200mil can definitely help things though. &gt; We would have the second best player in the world I don't know why you keep repeating that like it's an undisputed truth. As far as I'm concerned Lewandowski has been the best player this season and even in the ballon d'or vote Neymar ended third.
I liked this post a lot more. I disagree with a lot of it but you made your points a lot more clear. I don't think there's anyone in the world that has proven to be better than Ronaldo as LW this season. I agree that Barcelona's starting eleven functions a lot better than us this season. I'd also like to see Kovacic and Casemiro play a bit more although I understand why Kroos and Isco are chosen almost always ahead of them. Kroos and Isco have proven in the past that they are good. Kovacic and Casemiro are still trying to prove it and R.Madrid can't afford to give many chances.
&gt; Laporte has a contract until 2019 and I'm willing to make a bet that Athletic Bilbao won't sell for less than his release clause. Well, maybe another rich club like United might go ahead and pay the release clause but I'm confident that Laporte will leave Bilbao (unless he gets seriously injured ofc) and if he joins Madrid it will be for less than the release clause. &gt; http://i.imgur.com/A1emBEM.png &gt; I would prefer Hazard if we were to get Reus to be honest. That's 2 missed games due to a toe injury (I hope you don't believe getting your toe hurt adds to being injury prone) and 5 missed games due to small muscle issues which is pretty standard for a 5 month period of playing games. As for Hazard, last season sure but this season Reus has increased his level and Hazard has dropped to utter shit. &gt; http://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/detail/article/season/2013-2014/el-projecte-del-nou-camp-nou-tindria-un-cost-de-600-milions-deuros &gt; http://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/detail/article/referendum-on-new-stadium-to-be-built-over-existing-structure-on-5-6-april &gt; More than what I initially said. I wouldn't care if they built their stadium, buying Neymar would be better. Yea, that was the plan 2 years ago. Since then a lot have changed, there is a different barcelona president and board members and there is no plan for renovating Camp Nou anymore or at least it's not known to the public. You might not care about Barcelona building a new stadium but Real Madrid cares for various reasons. &gt; Please tell me you're joking? even Bayern fans admit Suarez and Neymar are better and have been better than him. No I'm not. Where are these Bayern fans claiming that ? &gt; I have been watching the majority of Bayern games. Muller and Douglas Costa have been better in my opinion. I've watched a lot of Bayern games but not most of them. I think Lewandowski has been the best in the world so far. &gt; Are you seriously using the Ballon d'Or votes as your argument? Suarez and Neymar have both been comfortably better than Cristiano this season. Why not ? There's not many objective arguments about the subject are there ? Throughout 2015 Suarez and Neymar were in a team that overall performed a lot better than the one Ronaldo and Lewandowski and everyone else for that matter were.
Yea I know. It's a huge project that will almost certainly mean the club will get huge loans for it. So what I'm saying is simple, use that money or a part of it for the renovation so you loan less. A huge loan means less money for future transfer seasons. So if hundreds of millions are available like you are saying, I think it would be better to balance the money between buying players and renovating Bernabeu.
I know the reason put out publicly. The city council or whatever bureaucratic nonsense has backed off from the initial agreed plan and asks a new modified project from the club. How is that relevant to the discussion though ?
Meh i'm not convinced casemiro would work better than kroos but he could get a bit more playing time.
I don't understand why you ask me the first question. I already made it clear in my previous answer: "The city council...has backed off from the initial agreed plan" As for the second part yea i remember the basics of the story when it became public some weeks ago. Even if i didn't, i could instantly google it. But as i already said i don't see how any of this is relevant.
What exactly shows I'm clueless ? I never claimed the renovation is on hold because of money. Did you really think you'd trap me with those questions ? That's actually hilarious.
Money always matters and the last time there was serious work done for the stadium was 10-15 years ago. Once again you've failed to yield results in your campaign to show I'm clueless. I obviously pay attention to what I say and write. That's common sense. Never claimed we couldn't spend money and renovate, I said I'd prefer not to use 200+mil on Neymar for reasons I've already explained.
&gt; Would you like to ask other fans, Athletic Bilbao fans the like to see what they think? Not really, no. I'm not very interested in what other fans think. &gt; they have a transfer policy they stick by and they wouldn't sell him for less and to REAL MADRID? lol. Yeah, I understood your view on the matter from the first time you said it, don't know why you keep repeating it. It's still your opinion, not a fact. &gt; You said there was no estimate but that was a lie and they have basic "plans" of what its going to look like. Do you know how it works? they see the plans of a few architects and decide on one. They do have an estimate. There was a plan and an estimate, the plan changed and as of now there is no final plan and hence there can be no estimate. They didn't see the plans of a "few" architects. The last link you provided which was made public yesterday, after our debate initiated, states: *"A total of 45 teams took part in the first round of the tender"* and later *"Over the next few weeks, the jury is set to announce the winner of the project for the New Camp Nou. The eight candidates are..."* So they went from 45 to 8 and they'll need weeks to choose the final one. You realise this is a lengthy process and even when all is decided in Barcelona's side, third parties like the city council will probably have to agree with it, an obstacle that has been notoriously hard in the past. &gt; There were some small "renovations" done in 2011 and big changes during Perez first stint as President Do you consider what was done in 2011 as a renovation ? I certainly don't. I initially said "like 15 years (ago)" and the last serious work was done in 2001–2006 according to wikipedia. Is that your idea of someone "talking out of his ass" ? &gt; Would you like to ask Bayern fans then? or ask on /r/soccer and tag you? I have no preference on the subject. Do whatever you think best.
And take the place of who ?
From what I've read and the little I've seen, I'd like him to stay in the club. He didn't get much time this season but he's extremely young, it was his first season here and our midfielders somehow never got injured.
That's a good idea, small country flags could add a nice touch.
Oh okay. Yea a loan to Juventus could be great but I don't think it's feasible. Juventus doesn't stand to win much from it and especially after the Morata transfer, I don't think they will be negotiating with us for anything but 100% clean transfers, no loans or buy back clauses.
All the other rumors looked a lot more interesting to me.
Didn't know most are from the US. If that's the case, I agree it ain't worth the trouble.
I think that Kovacic despite his age, isn't a player that could be loaned. His stocks are too high for that. If for some reason it was the only option, I would go for Porto or Benfica. They are the best clubs at improving players and their style and mentality is similar to Spain.
I could see a midfield of Pogba-Kroos-Modric working out, especially in the easier games.
I think it has a good chance of working out, especially against easier sides.
2 Champions League wins in almost 40 years indicate otherwise.
This is outrageous. Barcelona should fight tooth and nail to not pay this.
Have not watched him. Rayo played rather offensively, they were 5th in goals scored and 19th in goals conceded. Didn't work out well for them. Personally, I'd loan him to another spanish team or have him replace Nacho.
Why would pepe leave? He was great this season, he's been in the club for many years and everyone likes him.
What is that ?
Nah, it's not certain, just a rumor.
You make a lengthy analysis but you fail to mention something key, the extent you followed the player's games. Obviously you've watched most of his international appearances but what about his club games ? Did you watch all of them, most of them, some of them etc. and which seasons. I've watched all of the big competition Germany games, like 15 games of Bayern per season and **all** of Real Madrid games. From the overall tone I felt that you were stretching the facts to suit your narrative but that became clear to me in the Real Madrid section. You either didn't watch Kroos regularly at Madrid or you are lying. The two last seasons are fresh in my memory and what you are saying is wrong. At the time Kroos joined Real Madrid (summer 2014) the exact plan was unknown but it certainly wasn't for him to be the starter defensive midfielder. It was either to play as central midfielder or to slowly phase out Alonso. In the two legged supercup Kroos played CM and Alonso DM. Real Madrid was underwhelming and Atletico beat them ([Games 1](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2481145) and [2](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2481146)). Alonso suddenly decided in the last days of the transfer season for unclear reasons to immediately get the hell out of Madrid and head to Bayern. Probably because he didn't like the idea of fighting for playing time and preferred the guaranteed spot at Bayern. Anyway, his departure was a serious blow in Real Madrid's plan but their policy is to not force this kind of situations and let players leave when they decide to. Because of time and other circumstances no one was signed to replace Alonso and Kroos would take his place as DM. There were still Illara and Khedira in the roster if nothing else worked out. Thus Real Madrid's starting midfield was James-Kroos-Modric and Isco was the 12th player rotating and filling any midfield or winger gap. Except for two early hiccups, Real Madrid dominated the first half of the season like they've never done before in recent years. Especially up till Modric' serious injury in mid November, they were performing in an extremely high level. Check [this timeline](http://i.imgur.com/ahgI0xj.jpg) i created to see scorelines and it wasn't just the goals, it was the way they played overall. In the clasico they destroyed Barcelona like they hadn't done since 2008. The dreaded Iniesta-Busquets-Xavi trio got wrecked and were subbed out. No one saw that coming. This was the period where Kroos individually and Real Madrid as a whole played their best, not under Zidane. Modric injury decreased the team's level but they were still doing fine with Isco in. Early January the team's performance dropped even more, lost to Valencia unexpectedly and there were upcoming tough games against Atletico. Ancelotti got scared and in a rare occurrence he changed his tactics, using Khedira while Kroos played as CM. [Real Madrid got wrecked 2-0.](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2518524) In the return leg a week later, Ancelotti went back to the usual 4-3-3, [things went better](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2518532) but because of Torres having a crazy game the comeback was impossible. Few weeks later, James also got seriously injured and now with Modric and James out, the midfield was extremely weakened with Illaramendi/L.Silva/Khedira filling in. It wasn't just that they were bad players, it also was the fact that Ancelotti had rarely used them before. The team failed in all of the important games in the league, fell behind and just when Modric recovered it was time for the 2nd clasico which was a must win for the league title race. James still gone so midfield of Isco-Kroos-Modric was deployed, Real Madrid played very well in the first half but an early goal in the 2nd half and the fact that Modric got tired (had not yet acquired good match fitness after his lengthy injury) meant a [2-1 loss.](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2475457) Important to note that Barcelona by now were hitting their stride and later won the treble. So cup and league gone. Let's check out the other competitions. [Early August european super cup](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2483945), classic 4-3-3 Kroos DM with James-Modric, easy 2-0 victory. [Club world cup semi final, Kroos DM easy 4-0](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2517431), CWC Final Kroos DM same tactic, [easy 2-0 victory](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2518507). Champions League knock outs next. Schalke 1st game, Kroos DM [easy 0-2](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2517516). 2nd game home Khedira in changed tactics, [3-4 loss, Modric subbed in after months being out to revert to the usual tactics so we don't get embarassingly disqualified.](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2517524) Atletico 1st game away, classic 4-3-3 with James recently having returned from his injury, [0-0 scoreline](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/atletico-madrid_real-madrid/index/spielbericht/2547350) with Madrid [outperforming Atletico (stats)](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/atletico-madrid_real-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2547350). This is just a month after Atletico had mauled [Real Madrid 4-0](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2475394) with Khedira in. Return leg home, Benzema and Bale are not available so James is moved forward, Ancelotti is desperate since he can't trust his bench midfielders (Illara, Khedira, L.Silva) so he employs Ramos as DM. Real Madrid [scrape by with a late goal](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2547384) while still [outperforming Atletico (stats)](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/real-madrid_atletico-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2547384). Juventus up next without Modric since he got seriously injured again. Ancelotti can't use his classic 4-3-3 as Benzema is also injured and James has to take his spot. Thus a midfield spot is again open, Ancelotti is desperate once more and plays Ramos there, doesn't work out and [Madrid lose 2-1](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/juventus-fc_real-madrid/index/spielbericht/2560715) in an [even game (stats)](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/juventus-fc_real-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2560715). Return leg home, Benzema is back, Ancelotti can employ his favorite tactics, Real Madrid [outperforms Juve](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/real-madrid_juventus-fc/statistik/spielbericht/2560718) but they fail to beat em. Also of note is Juve was a great team and made it hard for Barcelona in the final too. Plus the fact that they are a team that puts heavy emphasis in the midfield, where Real Madrid had Modric missing. **TLDR**, in 2013-14 season Kroos as DM and Real Madrid overall performed well to brilliantly that season when not hit by key injuries. Can't be bothered to do the same analysis for this season but it's certainly not as you describe. Benitez tried to do what Ancelotti did and he failed. He tried Casemiro as DM too before he got fired. When Zidane came he also tried to do what Ancelotti did and he also failed. One of the reasons might be that James and Isco individually were sub par this season. Later he tried Casemiro as DM and moved on with that formation. Kroos' performances weren't drastically improved as CM. For the future, I'm quite confident Zidane will try again Kroos as DM, either with the current midfielders he has or by buying a new midfielder. I could certainly see a Pogba signing and Zidane relying on a Pogba-Kroos-Modric midfield. Finally, you didn't make a suggestion. What system and tactics would you like to see from Germany in the Euro ?
I don't believe in praying but I'm hoping to see Real Madrid performing at the level of the first months of the 14-15 season, whether that's with Kroos DM or another formation. Indeed the 4-4-2/4-3-3 mix in that clasico worked wonders for us since we completely manhandled their midfield trio, but I believe we'd have done well with our regular 4-3-3 too. It was a streak of easy games but let's be real, 90% of the games for Real Madrid are considered easy and dominating in that way is not as easy. It's actually quite rare it happens, hence the then record. It's quite obvious for anyone regularly watching Real Madrid that Kroos as DM makes the team worse at defending and better at attacking. It's a trade off. Finding the balance is the whole struggle. Zidane found it with Casemiro late in the season and it worked out for him. He relied a lot in the defense which was very good while the offense was mediocre at best. Don't tell me that Real Madrid's offence with Casemiro resembled anything like under Ancelotti at his best either with Di Maria left midfielder in the 2nd half of 13-14 or with James in the 1st half of 14-15. And let's be real here, the overall performance level of the top clubs this season was not very high. It wasn't like Heynches' treble Bayern, or R.Madrid in 13-14 or Barcelona 14-15. Plus the fact that R.Madrid had a ridiculously easy road to the final and even in the final Atletico wasn't a super great team and that was exposed by Zidane's tactic of sitting back and forcing Atletico out of their comfort zone. I think with a proper third midfielder that can both defend and attack (Pogba or Matuidi for example), Kroos as DM could work again, especially in the easier games. Alonso was very good but Barcelona's midfield always were better and that's a key reason why Barcelona was more successful than R.Madrid. Midfield has been a constant struggle for Real Madrid for years and that's why they've signed literally dozens of midfielders to make things work. As of now, the only one undisputed is Modric. Every other spot is up in the air.
Well, it depends on how you define it really. For me he's definitely not a great right winger which is supposed to be his best position. I watched him in literally all of his games with Real Madrid, he was mediocre at best as a winger and that's why Madrid signed Bale for RW for the 2013-14 season. He somehow managed to revived his career in the new role Ancelotti gave him and had a great 2nd half in the season playing a mix of left midfielder and winger. He then left/was sold to United where I watched him in like 15 games, he didn't perform. At PSG I only watched him in the two games against R.Madrid and the games against City, nothing memorable. I understand he had a good season beyond that but it's less competitive in france. So I think he's a good player, can carry his team at times but great no, I disagree. It's not like there are many good right wingers anyway so it's as good as you are gonna get beyond Messi and Bale. Cavani was great for three years in Napoli but he's been at PSG for 3 years now and he's not been great there. Whether he'll be able to shine without Zlatan etc. it's hypothetical and since I don't regularly watch PSG I don't have a strong opinion.
The fact that there are barely any great right wingers adds extra value on him but I still think that just from his performances alone, he's not great.
Yeah but that's a huge if. For more of my thoughts on Di Maria and Cavani, check [this answer.](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4mmv2j/le_parisien_psg_have_offered_to_trigger_kantes_25/d3x9t35)
What makes you think Barcelona would have hired Mourinho instead of Guardiola ?
Indeed they are but no one forces you to get married.
10mil ? Isn't that **a lot** ? Won't that rank him like 4th-5th, same with Iniesta and higher than Busquets ? Μasherano is great but that looks a bit too much for someone 32yo that might not even be a starter soon.
No.
Statistically it's a relatively new measure and I don't know what exactly qualifies as a dribble beyond the basic going past an opponent in a fancy way like Messi usually does. In my mind a dribble is going past an opponent, either by something fancy or by the more basic way of just throwing the ball ahead and accelerating past him (Ronaldo type).
Just a tradition, don't think there's any significance.
Bad management, bad coaching, bad roster.
Dunno if there's a rule not allowing it but it wouldn't be effective. 11 players can't cover the whole space and there's always going to be a significant gap above their heads.
When hitting a penalty, no one is allowed to be inside that half circle till the ball is struck. If the half circle wasn't there, all of the players would try to stand directly behind the penalty as that would make it the most effective way to rebound the ball. By having a half circle, there is no definite best position to have for the rebound so it's more practical and fair.
Suicide attacks are not a significant threat.
Footballers are extremely fit. Practice is tough. In order to perform at an X level, you have to practice infinite hours at that level or close to it. Every day during practice they play against each other (like 25 roster split in two teams) which is close to real match conditions. They will tackle and risk a bit less to lessen the risk of knocks and injuries. Injuries in warmups are extremely rare. When you are trying to push your body beyond its limits, injuries will happen. Other footballers are more injury prone than others. Some injuries are results of previous injuries weakening the footballer's health. Bleeding internally is extremely rare. I've never read of it happening in football. If a player is legit injured, specially in the legs, it's rare for him to continue playing. If it's a light injury or just a knock, the danger is small and the doctors and the player himself make the decision. They are experienced in these subjects. All top tier athletes are very knowledgeable about fitness, injuries and their bodies specifically.
Yeah some of them for sure. They are also football fans and they probably support teams etc.
It's still vulnerable, hurts a lot and the most frequent spot of contact in the legs.
There are no definite criteria, it's subjective. Most people value scoring goals higher than anything else, hence why offensive players throughout history are usually considered the best. This is almost always the team's way of thinking too as you can see from transfer fees. Offensive players (striker, winger, playmaker or "10") cost a lot more than defensive ones or even the half and half ones like central midfielders.
Negotiations and deals can happen anytime but the actual swap (money for player rights) will go through in the first day of the next transfer window (usually all of January and June-August). Furthermore you can't make a transfer for subsequent transfer windows. For example I can't strike an official deal for Kante to join my team in the coming January. The official agreement can exist only with the transfer to happen as soon as possible and since the transfer window is already open, it will have to happen **now**. If I wanted to sign him for January, the only official way would be to complete the deal after the transfer window ends in 31 August or September 1, depending on the country.
No and it is officially not allowed.* The only way for that to happen is when you are giving up something, hurting your own team. For example, you score a goal with your hand and the ref doesn't see it. You can go to the ref and admit what happened and the ref can and will probably annul the goal. You won't get a yellow card either since under normal conditions scoring a goal with your hand is usually a yellow. Obviously that has happened very rarely, a famous example is this one with [Klose](https://youtu.be/TJBRg1jA7AQ). Υοu can google more instances by typing "fair play". Generally speaking the ref's decisions extremely rarely change. They are even not allowed to see in the stadium big screens the replays although there is a famous controversial instance about it when Zidane headbutted Materazzi in the world cup final and in my opinion no ref showed it but it was shown in the screen and Zidane was shown the red card. Afterwards the refs claimed the 4th ref had seen it but I don't believe that. *Τhe only time I've seen a ref changing a decision due to player pressure was in a Olympiacos game and no one in their right minds should watch the abomination that is greek football.
Who cares. Arsenal has had great strikers like Bergkamp and Henry in the past and Vardy is nowhere near that level.
No. It's either advantage and yellow card or not advantage and red card. Typically the ref should not play advantage on a direct red offense as well as with a penalty although there are rare cases where they opt to do so.
Haven't seen it happening and I don't think it ever will.
That's too many players. You are essentially suggesting adding Coentrao, Asensio, Llorente and a striker to the roster while the only ones leaving will be Arbeloa and Kovacic.
This must be the most unpredictable summer in quite some time. No one really knows who we'll sign and there are only suspicions on who we'll get rid of.
Only way that makes sense to me is if Barcelona paid money too.
You are welcome ;)
Yeah, that would be my midfielder signing for the summer too. He's such a beast playing in Sevilla, imagine him playing with R.Madrid's players...
From some articles I've read the rumored plan is: +Pogba +Morata +D.Llorente +Coentrao -James -Kovacic -Jese -Nacho -Arbeloa Personally, I don't like the sound of it. The roster will be improved but not as much as i would have liked it to.
I don't. I prefer good english.
Without having seen any of them, I'd say D.Llorente for this summer, Nacho to be sold and Vallejo to be loaned preferably in a 1st division club with guarantees of playing often.
&gt; the fans of the team that spent 55M on two brazilian midfielders that wouldn't start for Sevilla What's that team ?
Why would Kroos get sold ? No one has said anything about that and it doesn't make any sense. What makes you believe Real Madrid needs to get 100+mil from sales in order to fund a 100mil signing ? The club has made similar signings in the past without directly getting the money from sales plus the fact that since the summer of 2009 the club has spent little money on transfers relative to the fact that they are consistently the #1 club in income. Robben was a starting right winger. James is not a starting attacking midfielder. They are both great players but the similarities end there.
I don't see how Morata could fuck Juventus in such a way and continue playing there. He'll be regarded as a massive trailer and rightly so. Edit: Lol at trailer, meant traitor.
Kroos probably won't get sold not because of Perez but because it's the logical thing to do. Kroos is a world class player, he has consistently performed in R.Madrid and he's a player that coaches love to have. If Pogba comes and James leaves, imo the initial hierarchy of indisputable starter to fringe midfield player would be: Modric&gt;Pogba&gt;Kroos&gt;Casemiro=Isco&gt;Kovacic So the ones to worry about time wouldn't be Pogba or Kroos but Casemiro and especially Isco and Kovacic since they are bigger names. If the Pogba-Kroos-Modric trio fits well together and they don't get injured often, then the other three will be ones struggling to find time. As for James leaving to achieve massive success like Robben, I'm not so sure about that. Big teams rarely employ a "10" position that James loves and I don't see the biggest teams (Barcelona-Atletico-Bayern-Juventus) signing him. He'll probably either end up in england or PSG and it's much harder to become truly great in those tier 2 or below teams.
Thet's an opinion, not a fact. James-Kroos-Modric worked wonders for Ancelotti last season for as long as Modric was healthy and Pogba is better than James defensively. Both Benitez and Zidane try to emulate that tactic from Ancelotti and failed.
&gt;Ancelotti failed as well or don't you remember we didn't win shit with this tactic? I said "James-Kroos-Modric worked wonders for Ancelotti last season for as long as Modric was healthy". Every word in that sentence is important. We did win the european super cup and the club world cup employing that tactic. On the contrary we failed to win the spanish super cup by employng a different tactic, Alonso as DM and Kroos as CM. The overall season failed primarily because of the lengthy injuries sustained by Modric and James, plus the fact that the bench midfielders (Illara, Khedira, L.Silva) failed to properly cover the absent Modric and James. &gt; James-Kroos-Modric did not work wonders at all. &gt; We won many games because we were able to overwhelm the opposition with our attack but it was really unbalanced and weak defensively. Can you name the games in that season where that tactic failed and lead to a bad result ? The only case I remember was in the very beginning of the league against Atletico when the team was still adjusting. It was a hard fought 1-2 loss in a game where R.Madrid had [better stats](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/real-madrid_atletico-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2475204). Why does "working wonders" have to incorporate a balanced offense and defence or a strong defence ? First thing that matters is winning and secondly winning easily. All the rest come after those two things and in that season whenever we had everyone healthy we won all the time and usually very easily with big margins. [Here's a timeline](http://i.imgur.com/ahgI0xj.jpg) I made that highlights the results combined with the key injuries. The initial desire of all of our last three coaches was to play Kroos as DM, Modric on the right and James/Isco on the left. All of the facts I mentioned above lead me to believe that if Pogba joins, the midfield Pogba-Kroos-Modric will definitely be tried if not be the main tactic.
&gt; And how many of those with James and Kroos? A lot of them and if James or someone else was missing, Isco took his place with Kroos playing as DM. Variations of the same tactic. &gt; and most of those games we won were against teams we should be comfortably beating What we should be doing and what actually happens are two very different things. One is fantasy, the other one is reality. Most of Real Madrid's games are considered "easy" anyway, that's always the case and it wasn't any different back then. &gt; and a Barca in poor form That's a blatant lie! We played Barcelona at October 25th. By that time they had played 8 games in the league and they had a 7W-1D record with an astonishing 22 goals scored and 0 goals conceded! On average, that's 3+ goals scored and 0 goals conceded per win and a 0-0 draw. Not only they weren't in poor form but they were in absolutely great form. &gt; and it isn't enough as the season showed. No, that was never showed and you have repeatedly failed to produce any proof to support your claim. Real Madrid's main tactic that season worked extremely well and it failed only when key players got injured. &gt; This doesn't show anything about how the game went. It's useless when you're trying to judge the style of play, compactness, etc. Lol what ? It shows a ton of things. Most important than all it shows the actual scorelines of the matches that seem to elude you since you claimed that tactic didn't work well and when I asked you games it didn't, you couldn't come up with anything. Secondly it shows formations and stats, key elements of any game analysis. If you remember everything very well then indeed it is redundant. If you can't remember shit then it's extremely useful. &gt; Anyone with a decent understanding of football knowledge can come to that conclusion that playing two box-to-box midfielders and a central midfielder is not good defensively. Football ain't about putting labels. It's about what works inside the football pitch. No one argued about that tactic being very strong defensively. The whole point of argument is whether it worked since you insist on your claim it didn't. &gt; What happened against Atletico under Ancelotti? I've shared plenty of thoughts on analysis including games against Atletico that season. Why don't you give it a go and share your views on what happened against Atletico and why ? &gt; And Modric and Kroos are bound to get tired faster by pressing the opposition half for this to work. I don't remember Modric and Kroos having fitness issues due to our gamestyle. Modric getting tired on the 2nd clasico of the season was because he had recently recovered from a lengthy absence. Otherwise he managed his role perfectly fine and even on his [interview with marca yesterday](http://i.imgur.com/2bFEhTq.jpg) he talked about [being at his peak in 2014 in the super cup and the 22 win streak](http://i.imgur.com/2bFEhTq.jpg). That's the period of time where Ancelotti's tactic was wrecking everyone with Modric and James being healthy. &gt; What is the problem with the defence? There was no problem with our defence this season. Obviously there are things to improve but overall it worked fine. Problem was in the offence and that's what I was talking about in that segment. &gt; And every game he plays there he shows why he's not a defensive midfielder. He lacks the physicality, the work rate, the tackle, etc. &gt; A defensive midfielder is meant to be good defensively. There are destroyers that specialize in the defensive side of things like Makelele and deep-lying playmakers like Xabi and Busquets that are good defensively while being able to start attacks. He can play that role quite well and the names of the coaches that have opted to play him there is ridiculous. Guardiola at Bayern, Low in the national team, Ancelotti-Benitez-Zidane at Real Madrid and the list will almost certainly keep growing in the future. You are describing traits that are common on defensive midfielders but all of those things are not set in stone. Football evolves continuously and Kroos as a DM is better than everyone but Busquets offensively. Defensively he's weak but that is not easily exploited because of his offensive skills. &gt; Ancelotti and Rafa did and failed miserably, they both got sacked. Zidane used him there until he failed and fixed his mistake. Where's the proof for the tactic failing under Ancelotti ? You've repeated the same claim countless times without any proof. Kroos as DM is something very hard to implement and maybe that's one of the reasons why R.Madrid is prepared to go to great lengths to sign Pogba. Ancelotti and Benitez got sacked for failing to produce results, not because they played Kroos as DM. &gt; Kroos didn't play there often under Zidane, did he? and we finally won something. No he didn't, but that's elementary level logic. Under the circumstances of this season, yes not playing Kroos as DM was the right thing to do. Under different circumstances, playing Kroos as DM might be the correct thing to do. &gt; I'm honestly baffled at how some people still think Kroos should/can play as a defensive midfielder. Reason why is simple. Kroos as DM did work for months under Ancelotti and in those months, despite having recently lost key players like Alonso and Di Maria, Real Madrid played the best football they've played in years. We'll soon find out whether Zidane will try it out again and to what lengths he's willing to go to make it work. I'm confident he'll try it and I think there's a good chance that's his main plan for next season.
Yeah, I also think it's a bit perplexing. We'll have to wait for the final roster to shape up to draw better conclusions.
2012 ? What the hell took so long for this to surface ?
I see, that makes sense.
Hardcore fan of Germany since I was very little. I've experienced a lot of disappointing tournaments in all of the previous tournaments but the world cup victory made it all up. Hopefully they are on good form and wreck everyone again.
Complicated issue but I think the current system should stay as long as good spanish young players keep appearing. 3rd division football ain't that bad of a level and the playoffs in the end give some knockout experience for the future.
That must hurt a lot but it ain't that big of a disaster. Some players stood out and they'll probably move on to better teams to further develop. PS: OP, looks like [your claim](https://www.reddit.com/r/halamadrid/comments/4jlqhi/promotion_playoff_draw_ucam_murcia_real_madrid/d37n0a0) that Castilla were the best playoff team was dead wrong. Lol at retroactively deleting all your posts.
Exactly the same as during the season with Barcelona.
&gt; We topped the group which would have been equivalent to winning the league. The league has 4 groups of 20 teams. Coming first in one of the groups in the regular season doesn't even come close to winning the league. You claimed Castilla was the best team and couldn't have been more wrong than that. I don't read code. I never claimed your purpose was to overwrite that conversation. I said it was hilarious and I asked what was the reason behind that and you dodged the question, as usual.
So you watched all the elimination games and Castilla which result wise was one of the absolute worst, was the best team. Lmao. &gt; Didn't fail So then the purpose was to delete a ton of your past comments. As I said earlier, hilarious. It kinda makes sense though, you've spewed an embarrassing amount of bullshit and lies.
&gt; and the result doesn't reflect the performance That can be true in a couple of games, when you don't have a single win in 4 games and you lose 3 of them, you just aren't good enough, plain and simple. &gt; All the Castilla elimination matches So you've only watched the castilla playoff games in which Castilla sucked and you claim they were the best team in the playoffs. Similarly to your claim before the playoffs, you are absolutely incapable of understanding the notion of judging something. With an extremely limited sample in your hands you made a ridiculous claim without a trace of objectivity and as was expected, you were hilariously wrong. And in typical stubborn behavior, you insist on it coming up with all kinds of outlandish theories. &gt; I'm not embarrassed of anything I've said Then why delete hundreds of your comments ? You've repeatedly dodged that question. Only reason I can come up with is by mistake or being ashamed of them and you denied it being a mistake.
&gt; And I can find you a bunch more tweets, articles and such from people who actually watch Castilla and thought Castilla was the better team for most of the matches. Can you find anyone saying Castilla would be the best team in the playoffs and then also claim after the games that indeed they were the best team in the playoffs ? That's the point of argument and what you are claiming is insanity. &gt; Mistake of what? Mistake of accidentally deleting them. Since you denied that, it's crystal clear to me you deleted your comments because you were embarrassed about them.
Whoever has even remotely watched Valencia knows Mustafi is pretty good. Even in the Neuer instance, Mustafi headed the ball sideways thus minimizing the chance of something horrible happening.
Modric is so likeable, everyone loves him.
Sources you provided before the playoffs, bernabeudigital, just from the name is clear they are not even trying to appear objective. In the article they claim thet Castilla is the best in Segunda B because they had most points and goals scored. The same two arguments you also provided which as I said back then, were completely retarded as they are different groups and comparing the teams' points and goals scored is ridiculous. Only someone who has regularly watched all 4 groups can claim that and be taken seriously. The El Pais article which is a legit source, never claims Castilla is the best team in Segunda B. They only say they are the champion with the most points, which is a fact and thus correct. Third source and the only one after the playoffs is a...tweet from some unknown Real Madrid supporter. &gt; I said we were the better team for the most part against UCAM and Lleida No one gives a shit about being better in part of a game. Was Castilla better than UCAM in the two games ? Were they better than Lleida in the two games ? No and they got wrecked. &gt; I didn't say we were the best game in the playoffs...We underperformed in the playoffs and the refs fucked us, I still think we are the best team. That's a contradiction. A team that gets wrecked twice in a double elimination format of best of two games **cannot** be the best team. Maybe they have the best potential to some point become the best but for now, they are not the best, actually they were nowhere near being the best. &gt; It's none of your business. It is hilarious though. So many arguments you got wrecked and finding out you deleted hundreds of your comments. People usually delete their accounts in these kind of situations but you are a special case.
So you, a RM fan accuses me, another RM fan of gloryhunting and that is supposed to have hurt my feelings ? Way you are going mate you'll have to delete your comments again after a few days.
Well, that was it then I guess. Not willing to form sentences anymore, just words.
It is always a choice. At some point your brain starts understanding more and you decide things on your own. At least that's what happens to most people.
Last time RM won the CL they had tough draws.
English isn't my native language and I can't read very fast. It's not just that I'm slow, it gets kinda boring to me after like half an hour and I will sometimes even get sleepy. I was having trouble going through WoT books when I read a comment about the WoT audiobooks being great etc. and I tried them out. It took some getting used to but after a while I loved it and now I only listen to audiobooks. I go through books a lot faster than I used to and I don't think I will ever drop listening to them. For me reading books and listening to audiobooks are similar but not the same. Audiobooks are their own artform similarly to making an audioplay/radioplay from a script etc. Audiobooks I liked were Lord of the Rings, Wheel of Time, Dark Tower, Talisman, Hearts in Atlantis, The Martian, 1984, Casino Royale, Fahrenheit 451, Neverwhere and I'm now finishing American Gods which I'd probably also recommend.
He certainly has some issues but that applies to all of us.
Υοu were satisfied by the team's first eleven performance last season and are confident that the same line up can win everything ? I'd definitely want to sign a midfielder on top of back up LB and striker. Either a DM or left central midfielder, someone of average cost like Krychowiak, Kante, Matuidi etc.
That's some serious dedication, both from AS and whoever put this together. Bale has up and downs and overall weaknesses but he's a great player and 2nd best right winger in the world.
Way I see it, Benitez or the team wanted a backup LW for Ronaldo. Ronaldo being Ronaldo never got injured or rested and thus Cheryshev being quite one dimensional, never got any minutes. From the club's point of view they wanted to be prepared for anything. From Cheryshev's pov it didn't make sense and he soon realized his mistake and left in the winter. Villarreal should try to bring back Vietto too who had a terrible season at Atletico.
Great goal although obviously it was a serious fuck up from england to allow it to happen. Didn't like how Wales sat back in the 2nd half. England had good players subbing in but still, I think Wales should have been a bit more willing to attack.
Who knows really. I think Barcelona will definitely sign a RB soon. Either mid summer, either late summer after L.Enrique realises this is a big problem or in January where it might have cost the club significantly.
The centre-back soap opera has been running for way too many summers.
It works. Eating raw vegetables regularly increases your chance of losing weight.
All right, thought you meant it. Living on eating one or a couple of things all the time is not viable, no matter the food.
I'm not familiar with the quote so i can't help you with that. The other top footballers have all trained a shit tone to get where they are and there is no indication that Messi has trained more compared to them. Xavi meant that Messi does incredible plays during training which a) doesn't matter much and b) Xavi trained all his life at Barcelona so he doesn't know much about what others do during training.
Messi is incredible because he does great things during games. What he does in training matters little and there's no way for us to experience it.
I **never** said training as a whole doesn't matter. I agree that at any sport, your level during training will be roughly close to your level during games. I said it "matters little" for two reasons. Firstly it comes from Xavi whose input on the matter is of little value as he's biased as hell and he had been training all his life only at Barcelona. He has not experienced any inside stuff outside of Barcelona and to a much lesser degree Spain. Imagine Pepe coming out and saying: &gt; "Seeing Ronaldo train is amazing. Best in everything. Those who compare him with Aguero, Messi or Robben end up looking like fools." If the quote had come from a respected coach that has been through various teams, then yeah it would hold some value. Furthermore, us as outsiders don't have the ability to experience Messi's training or any high level footballer's training for that matter and we never will. It's just the nature of football and even open trainings or warm-ups are nothing like actual training. Thus comments on things that we factually have zero samples to draw conclusions from, also have zero value. That's how I see things at least. Never claimed my view is the only truth.
I agree that Madrid needs something new for the front three. Since Vasquez had a decent season and is staying, Jese will have to go and we'll have to sign either a striker or a LW, preferably a striker as Ronaldo rarely misses games. The only name that's been seriously mentioned is Morata and there are conflicting reports about his future, some saying he'll stay at Juventus, some that he'll stay at R.Madrid and some that he'll be sold elsewhere via R.Madrid. Personally I disagree with him staying, I'd sell and sign a different player for the attack. The options are limited, I'd go for Βacca or Gemeiro. Average cost, la liga experience and can afford to play a limited number of minutes (1500-3000 out of the projected 5500). From what I see Fekir got his knee wrecked last season and thus missed almost all of it. I don't think it makes sense for R.Madrid to take a huge risk and sign him at this time. Lukaku is way too expensive and young for a backup role. If there's nothing appealing in the market, I'd opt for giving that spot to Castilla's Mariano. I don't agree with the changing formations bit. I don't see teams in recent years frequently switching formations with success. They usually stick to one formation and that usually involves one striker, not two.
So if I understand this correctly, the Dreamhack Summer tournament is about who gets a spot for a ESL Cologne ? That's just sad. How the mighty have fallen.
According to Arkhaeon above, the reward is not a spot for ESL but 50k.
&gt; Messi's training is on a whole different level as well. What does that actually mean ? Isn't what Messi does during training similar to what he does during games ? If yes, then it doesn't much because we are already seeing it in games. If not, it also doesn't matter much since he isn't able to replicate what he does in training during real games. End result is the same. What others say about Messi during training is of little value and we can't experience it ourselves.
There were some reports that Varane is dissatisfied with ending up behind Pepe for another season. Don't think he'll go though. Thus it looks like it's between Nacho, D.Llorente and Vallejo for the 4th CB spot. Personally I have no opinion on the matter as I haven't seen any of them enough to judge. From what I've read though, D.Llorente looks to me like the best option. Vallejo seems too young to join the team as he'd probably get very little playing time.
200mil offer for Neymar ? I'd accept and sign Nolito, Reus/Hazard and Verratti with that money. I think Barcelona would be stronger that way.
Keep the 4-3-3 formation and initially have as starting line up: Reus/Hazard-Suarez-Messi Iniesta-Busquets-Rakitic Remove from the roster Sandro, Munir, Turan. Promote Samper. Verratti for the first few months mostly used as rotation player for all three midfielders, he can easily play them. After that period, coach decides which two from Iniesta/Rakitic/Verratti start. If the team is doing fine and Verratti hasn't fully settled, keep him as the 4th midfielder, similar to how R.Madrid has kept Isco for years. S.Roberto, Rafinha, Samper help out in rotations and emergency multiple injuries situations. Up front the same thing for Nolito, he starts the season as the 4th attacker, replacing whoever of the three is missing. Even if Suarez is missing you can put Reus or Messi up front for a few games. After the initial period, coach decides which three of the four start. If there are two of the four injured, either use Iniesta/Rafinha up front, or play a four midfielder formation like: Reus-Messi Iniesta-Verratti-Busquets-Rakitic I think these changes have a good chance of making the team better overall than having Neymar. When Neymar is at his best there's nothing you could do with the team to make it better but how often is Neymar at his best ? Not that often imo to justify 200mil. That's if he went to PSG because if he went to R.Madrid I think it would be a bad move from Barcelona since it could fix a huge problem for RM which is the replacement of Ronaldo for years to come.
Oh boy, I enjoyed so much Croatia's b team taking the soul out of Spain and sending them right into hell having to go through Italy and possibly Germany and France just to reach the final. [Welcome to the dark side!](http://i.imgur.com/4pR6h8v.jpg) The funniest scenario will be if Spain reaches the final anyway and then meets Croatia again in the final!
More Modric. That's the only thing I ask. Both for Croatia and Real Madrid. I don't know what you'll have to do, humanity just needs more Modric.
His transfer contract was made public by football leaks so it's like 99.9% certain.
The Aiel in Wheel of Time have some nomadic traits. They are definitely not "front and center" as you'd like but there's a decent part of them in the books and personally I enjoyed their storyline.
Very interesting quotes. Did you translate all that yourself ? Looks like a lot of work. Ancelotti is a great coach but there were some legit reasons for firing him. The big problem was replacing him since there weren't any easy good options to go to and Benitez proved a bad move.
Great game by Ronaldo against a strong Hungary side. Up against Croatia next. Good thing for R.Madrid is no matter who qualifies, two players will be done from the tournament.
Alaba is pretty good but he would be a luxury for Real Madrid since there is no clear cut first eleven spot for him. Maybe he could become the starter ahead of Marcelo or Casemiro but is that possibility worth paying an enormous sum ? I'd say no. Versatility is a good trait but I think Alaba is overdoing it. Imo it would be better if he focused on one main role, probably his original one as LB. I also don't think he's that valuable marketing wise, Austria is a pretty small country in the grand scheme of things. He's been rumored for R.Madrid frequently so there's a good chance if he leaves Bayern that he'll join us. He's only 23 and 5 years younger than Marcelo so he has a lot of time ahead of him.
No one was knocked out eh ? That's impressive!
Αs with all things, it's not black and white. This trope can be beneficiary and a lot of that depends on how believable it is and whether it's meaningful. For example in Game of Thrones (spoilers), people die very often so when it turns out someone didn't die it's interesting. Like the recent storyline with the hound, I really liked the way it was done. Good reasons for Arya to not kill him and possibly die slowly on his own, a solid explanation on how he survived and macroscopically there was a point in it as after that the hound sees things a bit differently and there's the expectation of what will happen he meets Arya again. It didn't feel to me like a cheap way to con the viewers and the whole thing being pointless. In general though, yeah as with most techniques it usually isn't used very well.
Croatia didn't have a good performance, don't know exactly why. Their players just looked off.
I agree with the first part, that Croatia was a better team. They were marginally better than Portugal in this game though and on those occasions it's close to a 50-50 on who wins. Portugal didn't do nothing, they defended well allowing Croatia to create very few chances and they were effective in their offence, managing to score in one of the very few chances they made.
That's a great piece. Everyone that has worked with Ronaldo says similar things. In the source article you can also read some brief but interesting thoughts by Carlo about Spain vs Italy and France vs Ireland.
Juve can't force that. In fact, the player himself can't refuse a callup unless he retires from the squad.
The Argentina of so far ? Yeah, they are done for without Messi. However there are still plenty of good Argentinians and with a good coach they can easily become 4th-5th best team in the world.
So Tata was forced upon Messi both on Barcelona and Argentina without his consent ? Ain't that a bit too far fetched ?
Didn't watch much of this tournament except the 2nd semi final and the final. From what I read and highlights I watched though, Messi was very good and Argentina as a whole was all right. It's a shame key decisions in that team are made from incompetent people in the federation and the coaches they've had. They've held Argentina back since forever. Whether Messi and others retire or not, Argentina will always have very high quality options to form their roster. I'm convinced a good coach can form a solid squad for the world cup and make them at least 4th-5th best team in the world. On the other hand, Chile have repeatedly shown what a great squad they are. Whenever I watch them I'm impressed by their forward Vargas and then I check his club stats and they are atrocious. Can't understand how a player can be so different between club and national team.
He was a lot better than Carvalho was in the game against Hungary. Good call for Santos to make that key change.
His penalty was okay though, Messi's was atrocious.
Maybe. For the ~20 years I've followed football, I don't remember anyone refusing a callup. It was always done by retiring and sometimes people even came out of retirement when the coach in their national team changed etc.
Of course they are unproven. They have experiences but they are still 22 years old, an extremely young age for a footballer to be playing at Barcelona. Every transfer has a risk but the amount of risk is radically different between transfers. If you sign someone world world class like Hummels or Godin, the chance they don't perform well is very small. If you sign Marquinhos and especially Umtiti, the chance he doesn't perform is a lot higher. Balancing that risk/reward ratio is a key aspect for any transfer. My concern about the Suarez signing was that he would be played out of position like others before him. When Barcelona showed that they understood that was a retarded idea and played him in his natural position, I was confident he'd do well, although not this well. Neymar I hadn't watched him before he was signed and thus had no opinion on the matter.
Nope. Argentina without Messi and to a lesser degree Mascherano is a lot less exciting to watch.
Yeah, that's correct.
Nah, he's a lot better than Arbeloa who was our back up RB for years. Danilo was underwhelming this season but that's not too uncommon for new signings and he was playing with an injury problem which he operated just when the season ended.
I think it's fair he is never at the top three. Scoring 50 goals and all the other ridiculous shit Messi and Ronaldo have done in the past decade is harder than what Busquets has been doing. An easy solution to this problem is vote in the end of each season the top footballer for each of the 11 positions and use the formation that was most popular, in the latter years 4-3-3. If that was the case, Busquets would have dominated the DM spot and would have almost always won that since Guardiola brought him in the first team. Being the best in the world in your position for 7 years straight is an incredible feat. NBA does best five of the season and it's a big honor to be in it.
Indeed they do and it's got some value but it has two flaws. First one which is huge, is that similar to ballon d'or, it's awarded for calendar years which is completely retarded since european football runs from August to June. This screws things massively as it incorporates half of two seasons. This doesn't make any sense and it only serves the purpose of keeping a dumb tradition and having more ambiguity of the results since many times one can argue for the previous season and another one for the current one. Secondly, the voted line ups sometimes ignore key positions for any team like DM and striker just so more popular players are shoehorned in. [Take a look at the lineups since it started in 2005.](http://i.imgur.com/3MVJJFm.png) Busquets never being voted in is a joke, last two years there wasn't even a DM or a striker. What kind of lineup is the 2014 one ? Iniesta-Kroos-Di Maria, Ronaldo-Robben-Messi. You got Kroos who rarely ever plays sole DM, he's usually either played dual DM with Schweinsteiger/Khedira etc or played more forward like left central midfielder with Casemiro behind as DM. Iniesta is an alright pick and then you've got 4 wingers, 3 RW (Messi, Robben, Di Maria) and Ronaldo LW. How would that even work in the field ? Even if you count Di Maria as central midfielder for the few months he had that role with Ancelotti, he played left central midfielder where you've already got Iniesta. 2015 again shoehorn in Pogba instead of a DM and Neymar instead of a striker. They should force voters to vote real line ups with proper DMs and strikers since that's how all football teams are playing. And if they want to not completely leave out stars, make a 2nd best line up or even a 3rd one [like NBA does](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All-NBA_Team). There already is a working model for what you are trying to do, there is no need to invent the wheel, just copy it and make slight adjustments to fit your sport.
Here's a rough chronological list and a scale of 10 on how much I enjoyed each: * Hobbit+Lord of the Rings 10/10 * Silmarillion 8/10 * His Dark Materials 9/10 * Harry Potter 1-7 7/10 * Inheritance Cycle 1-2 6/10 * Tales of the Otori 1-3 7/10 * Complete Chronicles of Conan 9/10 * Chronicles of Narnia 7/10 * Wheel of Time 9/10 * Dark Tower 1-7 8/10 * Insomnia 8/10 * Talisman 8/10 * Hearts in Atlantis 7/10 * Black House 7/10 * The Stand 7/10 * The eyes of the Dragon 8/10 * A Clockwork Orange 9/10 * The Martian 9/10 * The Once and Future King 8/10 * Animal farm 9/10 * 1984 10/10 * James Bond 1-14 7/10 * The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 1-5 8/10 * Fahrenheit 451 9/10 * The Martian Chronicles 8/10 * The Princess Bride 8/10 * Good Omens 7/10 * Neverwhere 9/10 * Stardust 8/10 * American Gods 8/10 I'm halfway through Anansi Boys and I'll almost definitely read the rest of Gaiman's books. Beyond that I haven't decided what I'd delve into next although I have some ideas. I'd love to listen to some suggestions, just a note that I don't read half finished stories, only complete or soon to be complete ones.
Real Madrid has been for years one of the best clubs as far as reasoning in transfer goes. They regularly sign non attacking midfielders. From the last 4 midfielders they added to the roster in the last two seasons, two were central midfielders (Kroos, Kovacic), one DM (L.Silva) and one AM (James). Plus Casemiro who was brought back after a weird half loan half sale deal.
Kante has reached a higher level being considered best DM in Premier League and instantly becoming a starter for France but Casemiro, although less than a year younger than Kante, has more experience. Kante as far as I can see in wikipedia, has 1 year in 3rd french division, 1 year in 2nd division, 1 year in 1st division and 1 year with Leicester. Casemiro has 2.5 full seasons in Brazil's first division, half a season in Spanish 2nd division, a season in 1st divison he rarely played, a full season in Portuguese 1st division and the current full season. He's also had like 20 CL games and 11 Brazil games. So Kante less experience but a quicker rise in level.
I think he's shown a lot more with Leicester than with France. In the game against Ireland he was underwhelming and if I'm not mistaken he'll miss the game against Iceland.
Trial by combat.
25mil is the rumored clause.
Kante and Casemiro for the spot of DM means enough time for both. Kante played this season 3200 minutes and Casemiro 2500. Real Madrid is expected to play ~60 games which translates to ~5600 minutes. Enough time for both. Obviously someone will probably become the starter one and the other one won't like that too much but they are pretty young so they will probably be content with it. I think if Kante joines R.Madrid, it's bad news probably for Kovacic and maybe James.
Danilo Essien Adebayor Casemiro plus Marcelo being like vice captain in the team.
What do you mean exactly ? Can you elaborate ? The midfield Zidane preferred late in the season was Kroos-Casemiro-Modric. Don't you think Kante could replace Casemiro in that formation or rotate with him ?
I think Real Madrid has consistently had for years now top3 worldwide first eleven and top3 overall roster. A strong indication for that is how successful they've been in Europe, always reaching semi-finals and twice in the last three years winning the Champions League. Similarly in the spanish league, they've not had success winning it but they usually remain in the title race till the end against Barcelona and Atletico, the two best teams in the world in the latter years along with Bayern. Only gaps for this last season in Real Madrid's roster were backup for Benzema which was Jese who's meh and backup for Marcelo where there was no proper LB and Danilo filled in when needed. Real Madrid makes sexy signings because they are excellent players. Last two huge transfers were Bale and James, world class footballers. Last two huge sales were Di Maria and Ozil. Very good players but haven't dazzled since they left Madrid. I challenge anyone to argue that Real Madrid's transfer policy has been bad or to argue that they aren't one of the best in doing transfers as far as top clubs go.
That little cunt Tommen. We had Perez, we would have won any transfer battle. Guess we'll now have to blow Leicester's stadium to compensate.
&gt; You say you remain in the title race every year, when it would be incredible if you weren't in it every year. You have one of the best squads in the world every year because of the amount of money you spend and the club's pulling power &gt;Madrid have football on easy mode. you have the power to attract every single player in the world and the money to make transfers happen Football history is full of very successful teams vanishing. Just recently, powerhouses like Milan-Inter-United (and maybe Chelsea) have stopped being considered as top teams. Staying at the top is not as easy as it seems. That's a classic mistake many do, "he was handed the success" "he didn't have to work for it" etc. It's not just about money either. [Here's a relatively accurate list of transfer balance](http://www.transfermarkt.com/transfers/einnahmenausgaben/statistik/plus/0?ids=a&amp;sa=&amp;saison_id=2009&amp;saison_id_bis=2015&amp;land_id=&amp;nat=&amp;pos=&amp;w_s=) (income subtracted from expenses) ranked by higher spender since the 2009-10 season when Perez took over. Keep in mind this is the worst starting point for the comparison for Real Madrid as in the 2009 summer a complete overhaul of the squad was engineered by buying Ronaldo-Kaka-Benzema-Alonso and others all at once. Real Madrid are third, behind City and PSG who have absolutely done jack shit in europe. Fourths are Chelsea who's won one CL and fifth is Barcelona who's had almost identical european success with Real Madrid. Both 2 CL titles and the rest semi finals except Barcelona had 2 quarter finals and RM 1 ro16. Lower in the list, Bayern has had the most success and the rest have all failed (United, Liverpool, Juventus etc.) So it's not like Real Madrid is spending extraordinarily much on transfers, in fact if you count the fact that Real Madrid has been consistently #1 in overall income for a football club, they've spent less than expected. Furthermore, if you remove Perez' first year and make [the same list from 2010 onwards](http://i.imgur.com/SyfsfYZ.png), Real Madrid has spent surprisingly little on transfers. 281mil for 6 seasons means an average of 47mil per season on transfers. Real Madrid in that time period has declared a yearly income of ~600mil. &gt; Selling makelele was pretty damn stupid, albeit, it was a while ago. Indeed it was and it initiated a 3 year period of failure. That however happened in the summer of 2003, 13 years ago and despite being Perez president again, things are quite different in his second term. &gt; yet the club has no real identity in terms of how they play, partly due to rotating managers Since Santiago Bernabeu made Real Madrid successful in the mid 50s that has been the identity of the club. Do whatever is needed to win, adapt to the circumstances of each era and do your best to be ahead of the curve. Managers were never a key aspect in R.Madrid's history. Despite being the most successful team ever they don't have legend managers like every other club does. There's only one legendary figure for the club outside of players and that's Bernabeu. This season was a prime example of this identity. Ancelotti was a great coach, loved by both fans and players and he was sacked because he didn't win anything. Benitez was hired, when mid-season things were going badly he was also sacked and Zidane was brought in. He played extremely defensively by Real Madrid's standards and he made the squad competitive again, fighting for the league till the final game and winning the Champions League. Who is coaching, who is bought, who is sold, what style are we playing etc. are all secondary. What matters the most for Real Madrid is winning and there can be no settling for 2nd place. &gt; Still, it has taken you way too long to sign a proper defensive midfielder. It seems you make big money transfers every window for the sake of it rather than necessity. I think Madrid could have won more if they hadn't have taken this route. As soon as Perez took over, he splashed an enormous fee to sign the best available DM, Alonso. [After all these years it still is the 2nd highest fee for a DM after Essien.] Keep in mind that 2009 was amidst the financial crisis and money for transfers in football had plummeted for quite a while. Alonso left shockingly in the summer of 2014 in the final day of August against the strong will of the club. Club had already loaned their other DM Casemiro and had no time to make a high profile signing. Thus they settle with what they had, Illaramendi who they had spent ~35mil a year before, Khedira and Kroos who had some experience as DM with Bayern and Germany. Five months later the club emergently bought L.Silva for 13mil. Summer of 2015, Illara, Khedira and L.Silva had lost all faith from the club and they were removed from the roster. Club was looking to sign a DM but the weren't many options. [Take a look at the list of the highest valued ones.](http://www.transfermarkt.com/spieler-statistik/wertvollstespieler/marktwertetop/plus/0?ausrichtung=alle&amp;spielerposition_id=6&amp;altersklasse=alle&amp;land_id=0&amp;yt0=Show) There's barely anyone, it's depressing. Krychowiak was/is the only good case but RM doesn't buy from the good spanish clubs. Thus Casemiro was brought back from his loan and along with Kroos who had shown a decent level as DM, the spot was somewhat covered. In the end of the season, the club failed to perform with Kroos as DM but did reasonably well with Casemiro and fought for the league till the final game and won the Champions League. Summer of 2016, who knows what will happen but Casemiro will definitely stay and today's cover on both Marca and AS are featuring Kante. So all in all, DM has been a problematic spot for R.Madrid but it's not like they haven't tried to fix the situation. There's always room for improvement, Real Madrid have had a lot of issues, especially in the spanish league but they aren't as foolish and naive as many think regarding transfers. It might look like that on a first glance but if you research the subject a bit, it's a different story and the results of a solid transfer possibly can be supported by the fact that they've consistently been ~top 4 best team in the world for six years in a row. That wasn't the case at all in the previous 2003-2010 period.
Ηis agent Raiola very much needs Pogba to transfer somewhere so he can make a truckload of money.
Okay I see what you mean now. I think that Casemiro was average when the team had possession and that Kante is better than him at that. Kante has traits that box-to-box type of players have. I also think there's time for both of them. R.Madrid is expected to play ~60 games next season so it's mandatory to have two players per position.
Νο, the specific journalist that wrote this is not a good source. However, there's a good chance James will leave. Less likely Isco leaves, especially if James is sold. Varane leaving highly unlikely, Jese also good chance to leave. Nacho 50-50, Morata slightly towards staying atm. Those are my estimations at least.
Well, the article says unless a big sale also happens. I could definitely see James leaving this summer if Zidane's future plan is similar to last season, James barely playing. I think he'd fetch around 70mil so there would be plenty of money for a high profile signing. The question is whether it's gonna be Pogba, someone else or settle with a cheap midfielder like Kante.
All right thanks. I'm quite familiar with both of them, just hadn't heard the podcast and wasn't sure what they usually talked about.
No one has a really good grasp on what will happen.
As long as Busquets keeps being a beast both performance wise and fitness wise, there probably won't be an issue on the DM spot.
Haven't watched him but he's praised a lot whenever I read about him. I also thought he did a good job as a manager at Getafe and R.Madrid.
Ιt takes a special kind of player to go from Barcelona to R.Madrid to Atletico. As a coach he also had an unusual way of doing things.
Narrowly qualify over Sevilla in the cup and in the league I think we'll make 1-2 blunders in the next 6 games. Barcelona on the other hand I think they'll qualify over Bilbao easily and make 1 blunder in the next 6 league games. CL games are a bit far for now.
Chance of overall goal difference being important is very slim.
Only way I can see of him not joining us next season is if he suffer a serious injury.
I overall don't like two striker formations and especially against Sevilla I think it would be bad. They will definitely pressure us in the midfield and with two strikers there's a high chance we'll struggle for possession and get cut off. I'd use all of the midfielders: Navas Carvajal-Varane-Nacho-Marcelo Modric-Casemiro-Kroos James-Benzema-Isco with the mentality of taking this game as seriously as possible as a good result could mean an easier return game when the schedule will be more hectic.
Chance of him leaving in the middle of the season was small but I'm glad he's staying anyway. I think he's something like our 5th most skilled player in the team and there's something magical about him. I love watching him touch the ball.
It was brilliant. Marcelo does awesome little moves like that frequently although they rarely lead to goals.
Yeah, it was a great play from us. Modric is a beast, he only lacks the ability to score goals.
The weird thing is in the start of the season City was playing excellent football.
Very good performance. Defensively we made a few important mistakes and we were lucky to not concede a goal but the real surprise was our offence. For such a back-up lineup the chemistry was excellent and we went forward intelligently playing fluid football. Tactically we were very good too. 5 midfielders, a lot of pressing, attacking Mariano who is weak defensively etc. Our fitness also looked impressive, the intensity was great throughout the game. Sevilla looked baffled by how we were playing and you can't fault them for that, I don't think anyone saw this kind of performance coming. Morata and Asensio didn't play very well and Kroos too was below his usual level. Modric, Casilla, James and Varane were excellent. I would have very much liked to get the subs earlier. Isco didn't look good when he came on.
I think he lacks a few important pieces (GK, DM, striker). Imo Guardiola is likely to do well with City although this season he might not win the league as Chelsea has done better than all expectations.
It's true but I don't really know whether that's artificial or he has just changed over time. I still enjoy his content a lot and I look forward to more of it. Not doing summoning insight with montecristo is a big blow but hopefully he finds other ways to put up League content.
Good call. The notion that to fight oversaturation you are gonna create a new somewhat exclusive league is ridiculous. PEA tried to force the players to not compete on EPL and then forced them to choose between EPL and PEA. EPL has a ton of problem too but at least they didn't force the players to not play in another tournament. The right choice was EPL even if it was the lesser of two evils. Players made a first important step but they need to keep up their fight and force teams and tournament organizers in cooperating with each other for the common good. Not serve as tools for teams to get a bigger slice of the money pie. Just the fact that teams will think twice before going behind their players' back is a big win for them.
Team got the job done with a strong showing from the get go. Granada also was extremely weak.
Dunno about favorite but I'll pick Mat Cauthon from WoT and Dogman from First Law. (Spoilers obviously) They both start out as a bit of pussies but they slowly and painfully evolve to badass leaders people around them look up to. Their way of becoming heroes feels a lot more realistic than the typical prodigy/genius/prophesied.
[Complete Chronicles of Conan](http://fanaru.com/robert-e-howard/image/250565-robert-e-howard-the-complete-chronicles-of-conan.jpg). I got the paperback one and it still looks cool as hell. Plus it's got a ton of great material if you are into that kind of fantasy. Value for money easily the best book I've bought.
So you'd have wanted the ref to give Macherano's blatant penalty ? The outrage would have been tremendous and rightly so. I'm a Real Madrid fan and I thought not calling it was right. It didn't make things even but that way it was a lot fairer than calling it.
&gt; Mascherano just left his hand out Mascherano actually brought his hand down as soon as the the player was taking the shot. It was a blatant handball. Still nowhere near as ridiculous as the Villarreal one which is one of the most ridiculous ref decisions I've seen in 20 years of religiously watching football. Ref even gave a corner as if there was any way other than a blatant hand stoppage that could lead to a corner. SMH
Fuck that sponsor nonsense and call it Madrigal anyway.
Overall no but that specific handball was utterly ridiculous.
Said pretty much the same [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/5mt9jq/villarreal_vs_barcelona_blatant_handball_and/dc695cm/). It was mind blowing.
Intent in the way that he sees him getting ready to shoot and lowers his hand so it helps cover more space. Not intent in the way that he saw the shot and blocked it.
I understand very well what you are saying. My opinion on that is different as I think "balancing" is a good skill for a ref to have and if done correctly, the net result is positive. It's true however that there are occasions where it spirals out of control. In today's game for example, for whatever retarded reason the ref made that first ridiculous mistake. If he denied Mascherano's handball on purpose as a way of balancing it, I think it was the correct decision. He still fucked up massively in the first handball but at least he didn't 100% sentence Barcelona to a loss.
Been sometime since we've had such a comfortable position in the league race. It's an excellent run so far but there's still a lot of road ahead. 16 games played and 22 to go, it's a marathon.
Fucking Riot.
Orwell. Love dystopian settings and he nailed it in 1984.
Didn't know this exists but now I want to see it.
He somewhat recently started training normally and I think I read the plan is for him to be loaned somewhere. I don't see him playing for Real Madrid's first team again.
I think focusing on one position (CB) has helped and he's now a decent squad player. Going forwards, as far as CBs we'll be covered one way or the other. Back LB and RB though need to improve and we'll probably need to make roster changes to fix that.
This loss frustrated me very much despite the circumstances. I hate trying out formations in high profile games, I hate not using the bench and I hate the fact that Navas fucked up massively in both goals. 3 CB formation idea was decent and defensively it somewhat worked but why stick to it till the very end ? In the middle of the 2nd half, Sevilla got tired, we scored, they made subs that rejuvenated them and we only subbed Kovacic in who recently recovered from an injury and was underwhelming in the previous game too. Why not swap formation or sub out our weakest players ? Morata/Vasquez/Kovacic for Benzema/Ronaldo/Kroos would have been so helpful for us. They would run like crazy for 20-25min and help pressure them defensively and hit them in the counter offensively. Benzema and Ronaldo are stars and they are hard to handle but Zidane needs to find a way to do it for this team to reach its potential. Casemiro and Modric had brilliant games and it's so frustrating that our offence couldn't take advantage of it, all those stolen balls and runs for nothing. Finally Navas could and should have saved both goals. First one, the header happened literally 2 meters in front of him while he was moving backwards. Should have cleared it easily. Second goal, it's hard even talking about. Such an easy shot in the middle and Navas is way on the right. I watch like 10 games per week and I honestly rarely ever recall such bad positioning on standard shots. Anyway, it felt to me like a brutal loss but I hope the team sees it differently and it doesn't affect them too much.
&gt; "never, before or since, has an invented world felt so real" That's how I also feel and for me an important aspect of reading books (and other types of art) is an attempt to match the feeling of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings. I probably won't feel it again because I'll never be young and inexperienced with books but as a [favorite poem of mine](http://www.cavafy.com/poems/content.asp?id=204&amp;cat=1) says: &gt;When you depart for Ithaca, wish for the road to be long, full of adventure, full of knowledge. ... And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you. Wise as you will have become, so full of experience, you will have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.
Writing was one aspect of it. The way he set up the scene and went through the season adding more and more depth by giving small details was the impressive part. Anyone who's willing to read the related facts can learn the basics of the story in a few minutes but the other stuff are only known to those who lived through that period and transmitting that to a reader is tough.
Downloaded and will watch soon. Thanks!
&gt; Great job by Riot Great job for doing the absolutely obvious thing to do with at least 2-3 years delay ? No. First fuck Riot for going against common logic and denying fans the pleasure of enjoying better LoL competitions and then good job to whoever finally managed to convince Riot to do the right thing.
Having followed the competitive scene since literally the first tournament, this pathetic way of seeing things frustrates me. Most people years ago: Riot do A for x, y, z reasons. Riot's response: No Fast forward into the future Riot: We'll do A for x, y, z reasons. Popular response: Great job Riot! SMH
Probably better suited for thorin's side videos but in brief what are some of your favorite fiction books ?
It's obviously the right thing to do to support Navas since no real change can happen till the summer.
It's a big what if had the club kept Higuain instead of Benzema.
Between a good Benzema and a good Higuain, I agree that Benzema suits the team better. On the other hand though, Higuain had a terrific year last season and he's doing well this season too. Plus the fact that Higuain is more passionate and he had a history in the club since he joined quite back with Marcelo. So I'm not sure if it would have been better or worse if had kept Higuain. Benzema for 35-40mil at 22yo was a steal anyway, even though that kind of sum was a lot more back then than now.
What if I've deleted my save games ?
I'd advise rerolling since the game is long, especially if you are a completionist it's super long. In no time, you'll have caught up.
A mod might also appear at some point where you make all the choices. Also if I remember correctly, in the very final choices you make there is no chance to save as the game ends so I wonder how those choices will be transferred.
Impressive but those are not official figures, they are estimates according to Deloitte.
He not only stopped Khalul from a sure victory but he destroyed almost all of his Eaters weakening Khalul immensely. Khalul is full on pro slavery and breaking the second law as he himself is an Eater and has priests searching and forcing people to join his army of Eaters. Bayaz has also preserved a status quo inside the Union with little war inside and not aggressive expansive conquests.
&gt; But he only did those things to protect his own life. Do we really attribute moral good to self defense? The reasons why someone does things is a complicated matter, people sometimes don't know themselves. We never get a Bayaz pov in the books but I don't think self preservation is the only motivation for his actions. For example I think he enjoys having the nation he has created progress. Regardless of the reasons, a lot of his actions are good but yeah overall the sum is negative. &gt; The whole battle wouldn't have happened had Bayaz turned himself over. He literally built an entire kingdom and set it to fight as his personal bodyguards. The only reason Khalul is even at war is to get at Bayaz. I doubt about that since Khalul has had his nation expand very aggressively with slavery etc. A nation of that kind usually needs to keep operating in that way in order to survive. So in short, even if Bayaz turned himself over or died, I think Khalul would still strive towards dominating the world, enslaving tons of people and converting everyone into worshiping him. &gt; Khalul being evil doesn't suddenly make Bayaz good. Bayaz trains Eaters himself Bayaz not being good is inarguably true. Bayaz training Eaters himself as far as I remember is an assumption, not a fact. He works closely with Sulfur but I don't recall anything about him training him. He might as well recruited him as an Eater or Sulfur could have turned to an Eater on his own volition. As far as Shenkt goes, the timeline is also unspecified. &gt; increase the odds of war with the Gurkish. Remember that emissary that was trying to make peace with the Union before Khalul and Bayaz' war engulfed the two nations? Bayaz insured that he would be tortured to death so that the war would continue by assassinating the Crown Prince and causing the civil war situation that he "fixed." That's all true but on the same time that specific plan was probably the only way to halt Khalul whose power had grown to an immense level through the hundreds words. The Union had absolutely no chance to hold back Khalul's army, especially after the war on the north. Bayaz' brilliant plan managed to bring a form of balance. &gt; The Union does aggressive conquering all the time! They're not peaceful at all, and are actively trying to conquer Styria. What are the examples of aggressive conquering ? I don't recall any in the course of the trilogy or the short past before it. Regarding Styria, are you talking about the developments on the standalones ? Because that's not exactly aggressive conquering. The Union had a strong alliance with the king's wife father, he lost the throne and the new ruler decided to not negotiate with the Union. Obviously, the Union will go aggressive on them and not give them time to grow strong and become a danger to them. &gt; Literally all of the shittiness going on is Bayaz' fault I heavily disagree on that. Khalul is also responsible for a ton of stuff. And there have been a ton of people collaborating and following the orders of those two. Those also take part of the blame. As a final note, I don't have a big issue for the reasons someone does stuff. Plenty of very popular and highly thought of leaders probably had morally ambiguous reasons for that they did. What matters in the end are the actions themselves.
&gt; Bayaz straight up prevents societal progress and states that the Union is just a pawn in the game between he and Khalul. He wants progress but on his own terms, with him controlling things. Societal progress towards the end of monarchy doesn't suit him at least as long as he is in war with Khalul because it's a lot easier to control a King and a small council than control a ton of people. &gt; All of that about Khalul still making war is pure speculation Sure, but it is the far more likely scenario, isn't it ? We learn some stuff about them, for example through Farro's and Yulwei's accounts who have no reason to lie. Do you think with Bayaz dead, they would make a 180 switch on the way they do things and stay in their continent ? &gt; He absolutely trains eaters. Sulfurs is his apprentice, he refers to him that way all the time. When someone points out that Bayaz broke the First law while simultaneously criticizing Khalul for breaking the second, Bayaz laughs and says the laws are a complete joke, power is all that matters. He then jokes that his apprentice likes to eat. He literally sends Sulfur to eat people. I'm not sure what "Training eaters" means to you but to me it means he instructs his apprentices to turn into eaters. There is no proof for that as it's not specified in either Sulfur or Shenkt whether they became eaters on Bayaz' orders or not. He works very closely with Sulfur but that's it. It's entirely possible Bayaz is against breaking the second law and that he hasn't forced anyone to do it. The first law itself is somewhat of a joke as it is a huge contradiction. "It is forbidden to touch the Other Side direct." when all magic comes from the Other Side. Beyond that, power is indeed all that matters when you are at war. Your ideology etc. will be of little value if you are defeated and vanquished. The first law world is in a state of war and as Bayaz said: "Rules are for children. This is war, and in war the only crime is to lose." &gt; They didn't need to fight the Gurkish. The Emperor of the Gurkish didn't want the war. The Union didn't want the war. Bayaz orchestrated the whole thing. Khalul isn't a good guy, but the only interest he expresses in the Union is getting to Bayaz. It's a war between to mages with the little people stuck in the middle. Giving Bayaz points for continuing to fight the war he started makes no sense. The Gurkish definitely wanted the war. They have been building a huge army and a huge fleet with that on mind. They laid a huge siege and wasted thousands of lives to conquer Dagoska which belonged to the Union. Most of the people dying were slave soldiers that could have been spared but the Gurkish didn't want to show to the Union the Hundred Words and their massive fleet. They hid that for the main dish which was conquering Midderland and vanishing the Union. The Union indeed didn't want the war and with Bayaz controlling them up till the start of the trilogy, it is known that the Union had no plans of attacking the Gurkish. They were pretty content with what they already had and Bayaz even reacts somewhat late to the huge danger Khalul poses to the Union. If Bayaz' plan was to attack the Gurkish, he would have prepared for it before the trilogy starts, make peace with the North etc. Instead it catches him by surprise and he goes from doing little to nothing in his own secluded place to full throttle to counter Khalul's plan. It indeed is a war between two mages but what they intend to do if they win is unknown. Just because Bayaz was the main culprit of the conflict, it doesn't mean he can't do good actions beyond that. The Gurkish are almost certainly worse than the Union and defending against them is good. &gt; The Union is actively working on conquering Styria, because a united Styria would be a third great power and no one wants that. They already own some and are conquering more as "In Cold Blood" ends. The entire reason they are in conflict with the North is because they took the North's iron mines and the North wants them back. In Red Country they are working on conquering/annexing that frontier. Up till the end of the trilogy, the Union only holds Westport which willingly joined the Union. In the standalones, yeah it goes to war with Styria but it's not exactly aggressive expansion. Angland was conquered two hundred years ago which is a long time. The Union has not seeked further conflict with the North, Bethod attacks the Union. In Red Country, they barely send a force there, it's a somewhat neutral area and they have explicit orders to not start a conflict with the Old Empire. &gt; Bayaz started the war when he killed Juvens, killed The Maker, killed his daughter etc. Then he's been fighting a shadow war with Khalul for centuries, almost destroyed the world with the Seed to protect himself and gain more power, starts shadow wars all over the world to fight Khalul, caused the war with the Ghurkish etc. It's true that he's the major reason of the initial conflict. Beyond that though, fighting Khalul isn't bad. He's pro Eating, pro slavery and aggressively seeks to destroy Bayaz. Bayaz isn't pro slavery, there's no proof he's pro Eating and up till the start of the trilogy Bayaz seems content in his secluded place with no plan to aggressively seek to destroy Khalul. His mastery of the high art proved correct, he destroyed half the city but not the world and saved the Union from being conquered by the Ghurkish. I don't think he caused the war with the Ghurkish, it was going to happen anyway, he just forced it to happen when he thought the timing suited him. &gt; Bayaz literally states his motivations in no ambiguous terms. He wants more power. It's all he cares about and he thinks any morality is beneath him. There is absolutely no basis on which to attribute to him any moral positivity just because one of his enemies has turned to evil means to bring him down. ... The discussion is whether or not he's an amoral bastard. The majority of people who are not struggling for basic survival seek more power in one form or another (like money). I think there is a basis. Take for example great empires like Macedonia under Great Alexander, the Romans, the British Empire etc. On the short term they killed millions, forced a ton of people to do things against their will etc. so it's a ton of bad. On the long term they established the foundations for a lot more people to leave better in the future, thus a ton good. Putting the two on a scale isn't that simple. Similar to that, Bayaz has done a lot of bad but he's also done plenty of good. With his help the Union has "fast forwarded" to the future which means that a lot more people live better now. His major role in the initial birth of the conflict means that he'll probably be in the net negative no matter what he does but you can't change the past anyway. &gt; If I murder someone and it turns out, by luck, that he was on the way to detonate a nuke in Time's Square, I'm not magically a good person because my actions happened to have positive results. Yeah but Bayaz knows what he's doing, he's not fighting Khalul and the Ghurkish by luck. Here's another example. There's a full blown racist who inherits a ton of money. He hates all races except white people so he uses all of his money to help poor white children. What he's done is still a good thing, despite who he is and why he's done it.
Extremely good results but we need to make it to the finish line and win the title.
As far as Perez' second term goes that's false. The roster remains to a large degree the same from season to season and all of the coaches had been given at least a full season to show their work (except Benitez).
&gt; since he returned we've been vastly out performed by barca, while spending so much more. That's misleading. Since 2009 titles for Barcelona: 2 Champions Leagues, 5 Leagues, 3 Cups. Real Madrid: 2 Champions Leagues, 1 League, 2 Cups. As shown [here](https://imgur.com/a/JLZlg) Real Madrid has barely spent more than Barcelona. Also relevant is the fact that Real Madrid has had a significantly higher income than Barcelona during this time period and the fact that in the last 3 years, Real Madrid has outperformed Barcelona in titles.
&gt; Yeah he hasn't won much relative to what he spent Yeah he definitely has. I challenge anyone to provide examples of clubs that have been more successful relative to what they've spent. There is only one, Real Madrid's rival, Barcelona. &gt; and he's way too rash with managers No he isn't. All of the manager changes he has made in his second term were proven correct except replacing Ancelotti with Benitez. I challenge anyone to argue otherwise.
Because this is one of the rare threads you won't be ridiculed for your flawed comments.
Justification for what exactly ? Real Madrid having a terrible medical stuff holds absolutely no ground and throughout the thread no one is providing any evidence to assert that, nor make any comparisons with other top clubs to prove it. I challenge you or anyone else to provide real proof of R.Madrid's medical stuff being terrible or compare them with other top clubs. With the exception of Barcelona, there isn't another top club that clearly has less injuries than Real Madrid since 2009. A lot of the clubs have a similar number of injuries and there are some that have clearly worse ones.
For those reading spanish media, this theory has been around for a while. Facts of the matter are, Real Madrid's injuries each season aren't extraordinary, most of the top clubs have similar issues and a few of them have worse. The problem is there's one club that consistently suffers very little from injuries and that's R.Madrid's rival, Barcelona. Hence the struggle to catch up with them but sometimes it's not about the surrounding stuff like training and doctors. Barcelona's players themselves could simply be less susceptible to injuries. Anyway, what Real Madrid should have done is get themselves proper LB and RB backups. For whatever reason Zidane and the club decided to trust Coentrao against common sense. Additionally, Danilo has been struggling even more than expected so there's this sense of panic. Whatever happens, this should serve as a lesson to fix this roster issue in the summer.
Nope, 2. Perez took over in the summer of 2009, Barcelona won the previous CL in the 2008-2009 season. During Perez' second term, the titles are as listed, two for each club.
2009 in football terms meaning the 2009-10 season and onwards which was Perez' first season in his second term. During Perez' second term, the titles are as listed, two for each club. I'd suggest paying more attention to the discussion you are involving yourself with before throwing insults.
&gt; Did you even read the op? Olmos got in there a while later than 2009 I did and op's version is the summary version as this theory has been thrown around for quite some time with various articles in spanish media, a lot of which I've read. Whether you examine since 2009 or since Olmos came, it doesn't matter. There is no proof of things getting significantly worse. &gt; Well I don't believe in "bad luck" so something has to be happening, what about the players running to get their own physios? that has to be an indication of something I don't either and I've never attributed bad luck as a primary factor for R.Madrid's injuries. That doesn't mean luck isn't a factor, it is but you can't influence that and on the long run it evens out so it's not worth putting much weight on it. As for some players opting for care outside the club, there could be various explanations. For example, personal reasons like X players liked Y personnel, Y personnel get replaced by Z personnel and X players show their annoyance by going outside the club. I've never this theory is false. The club has obviously tried various changed in this regard so there's definitely something going there. What I'm saying is it's very hard to make solid conclusions out of all this since there's only rumors by media which have provably lied many times in the past. So i opt to go with facts. All the parties involved in a matter like this almost certainly have contract clauses like NDAs to not talk or leak anything about what's going on inside the club. There have been a couple of instances where hints have been made like Ancelotti for example. Beyond that, what matters the most is what happens inside the pitch. Real Madrid keeps suffering from injuries but it's not on a worrying level compared to other top clubs, it's similar to those. As I've said multiple times already, Barcelona is the exception and I don't think anyone outside of Barcelona knows for sure why.
The problem with that specific decision was replacing Ancelotti with Benitez. Sacking Ancelotti on itself held some ground and that was proven when just 1 year later the team achieved the ultimate goal of winning the CL. It's a fact that Madrid operates in a unique way and throughout their history they've never connected too much on coaches. There are pros and cons for that philosophy but it's undeniable that it has worked for R.Madrid.
Ι like how all the players are chilll juggling balls while goalkeepers are busting their asses trying to catch a ricocheting tennis ball.
Qualifying will be tough. I don't see us banging one goal after the other so we'll need one player to carry us to the finish line.
The real question is who will be leaving to make room for him.
Yeah probably although one of them was touted to leave the previous summer too and it didn't happen. In general, it has been quite hard to anticipate what R.Madrid does in the last summers and the media seem unusually ignorant about it also. Just recently, Isak was expected to join but it never happened.
* Τhe Lord of the Rings by Tolkien * The Heroes by Abercrombie * The Complete Chronicles of Conan by Howard * Animal Farm by Orwell * The Hobbit by Tolkien 1. The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupery 2. The Graveyard Book by Gaiman 3. The Princess Bride by Goldman *(additional three are in case some are ineligible for whatever reasons.)*
Yeah, i didn't think they were good decisions at the time and in my opinion only guardiola achieved greatness and showed he's a top coach.
I am.
Personally I think they have underachieved despite being the most successful club in the last 10 years.
What I said. I think they could have achieved more success, especially in Europe, with different roster decisions and better coaching overall.
For the exact trophies you can check Wikipedia. No other club has won more, I already mentioned that by saying that they've been the most successful club in the last 10 years.
It does make sense. Underachieving means you could have achieved more but you didn't. Barcelona has lost a lot of important titles in the last 10 years and especially in the CL I think they should have at least made another couple finals. There have been clubs in the history of football that have been more successful winning back to back european cups etc.
Definitely publication order for various reasons you probably shouldn't delve into too much because of spoilers. Also consider reading the short collection at the end, Sharp Ends.
I was somewhat lucky in that regard because the first fantasy I read were pretty solid books like Tolkien, The Little Prince, His Dark Materials and Harry Potter which I'm confident that stand the test of time. I extremely rarely experience books/films etc. for a second time but LotR is the biggest exception having reread them 4 times. The last one was through audiobooks and I enjoyed it immensely. There are books that I liked when I was younger like Inheritance Cycle and Tales of the Otori but never finished the series and 10+ years later now I'm aware that there's a good chance I won't enjoy them if I went back to them.
Maybe give Neil Gaiman a go ? Graveyard book, Stardust, Ocean at the End of the Lane. They fill most of the criteria you set.
If you liked the First Law trilogy, you can try the first standalone "Best served Cold". It's different in some ways from the trilogy and some people like it more.
Υοu mean people in need ? Sure but I can't do much about that. They need to test the machine or something so they want volunteers. It's not like I'll be taking it away from someone that needs it.
Οbviously a rumor but I think it's a wrong move right now, should try his best and make that decision towards the end of the season.
&gt;Do you have $7000 for this test? No insurance will pay for it. I'm not at the US, they told me it costs around 300 euros here.
I don't get overly concerned about health stuff and most of the medical costs are covered by the state where I live in but yeah, I've decided against doing any preemptive scans.
Thanks for your input. I've decided to not do any scans, not because I'm afraid of stuff appearing but from what I've gathered there isn't much to gain from it so the hassle of going though with it doesn't seem worth it.
Good stuff, hopefully he isn't very disappointed by how the season has gone for him.
I did two times when I was younger in the Inheritance Cycle and in Tales of the Otori because the newer later books hadn't been released yet. By the time they became available, I wasn't as interested as I had forgotten a lot of the details etc. After that I quickly realised I should start only finished series. I had already purchased the first Wheel of Time book but I put it aside and started it a lot later, when Sanderson was finishing it. I even go to extremes and read short stories involved etc. For example in the Dark Tower series I found this list of dozens of somewhat related books and I read a lot of them in the recommended order (Salem's Lot, Insomnia, Talisman, Hearts in Atlantis, Black House, The Stand, Eyes of the Dragon). I even read two short story collections which had like one related short story (Everything's Eventual, Skeleton Crew). I enjoyed it though, it added variety and Stephen King is a good writer. There have been series or parts of series that weren't as enjoyable as I wanted. For example midway through Fleming's James Bond novels it got tedious and right now I'm halfway though Codex Alera and I expected a lot more, especially after having read all of First Law. I still finish everything though and use the experience as a lesson to do better research in the future. Latest lesson, don't trust goodreads, especially when there are young adult themes involved.
It's an improvement from the last time. Varane is our rock in the defense this season. Marcelo was training again today so it seems like he'll be playing sooner than expected.
I've somewhat consciously not read any non english books. The only one I've read is The Little Prince when I was in elementary school. I remember reading classics like Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter in my native language (Greek) and reading them again later in english, the difference in quality was significant. I don't think it was due to bad translators, a lot of it just gets lost in the transition. At some point I'll delve into non english books since there's a ton of great books there and I don't plan on learning a new language. It's interesting that fantasy, SF etc. are getting more and more popular and more hidden gems get attention.
I've never reread anything except Lord of the Rings like 3 times. First time was because I was blown away by it and a lot of the details made more sense in the reread. Second time was because I had read Silmarillion (was very young, took a ton of effort) and the Hobbit so I wanted to relive it with all the additional context I had. Final time was like 15 years later when I discovered audiobooks and I wanted see if it holds up and how the narration was. I still enjoyed it immensely and the narration was solid. The only ones there's a small chance I'll reread are the First Law books. I loved them and maybe by the time the newer books are released, I'll have forgotten a lot of the details. Plus the narration is legendary.
Yeah, I realise that. Top tier 1080p encodes of ~2 hour blu rays films are done at roughly 10gb depending on various parameters. The idea is to find a key balance where the difference in quality from zero compression is barely noticeable and the size of it is convenient for downloading or archieving. I consider this art so in my opinion at least, it would have been ideal to have a zero compression version along with the more reasonable one for the majority of people. Anyway, I'm still grateful and props for doing all this.
Was lucky in that the first fantasy book I read was Lord of the Rings and it remains my favorite in all of literature, not just fantasy. Only ones that have come close are 1984 and the First Law.
Too old to check out now but I read the [plot of it](https://goo.gl/EPcgQr) and it was a cool short story.
More like 1/3 of a meter but yeah, it's ridiculous.
A few months back Barcelona supported and voted Tebas for president.
It's not necessarily irrelevant as it's impossible to know how this phrase was meant: &gt; Easier to fix matches this way. If the user meant that it's easier for Tebas to fix games to hurt Barcelona, then the fact that Barcelona supported Tebas recently is relevant.
Haven't read Sanderson beside **Wheel of Time**. Slaves weren't an important aspect of the world except the damane which were something like mind controlled female magicians who were handled like pets. It was an interesting concept but the series didn't delve too deep in it as none of the main cast was one and the slaves were part of a distant empire that invaded the main continent. I certainly expected for the series to go at some point, even shortly, to the distant empire but unfortunately it didn't happen and it remained just a sideshow that added a bit of variety. Haven't read **Martin** either, but I've seen the tv show. Based on that, slavery is widespread on the eastern continent and it seems pretty standard stuff to me, nothing too exciting. I liked how it was used in the **First Law** world by Abercrombie. It was a key distinction between the two most powerful characters in the world and instead of being black and white it was more nuanced. Bayaz is the #1 apprentice but he does some bad stuff to get rid of those stronger than him, Khalul is the #2 apprentice and is the only one that opposes him so he's forced to do some bad stuff on his own to stand a chance among which is embracing slavery. Fast forward a centuries old struggle between the two and just when Khalul is about to win the war partly through slavery, Bayaz uses a former slave that hates Khalul to do some uber magic and not only survive but bring the struggle back to a balanced state. The story never goes to Khalul's point of view or his empire so it's a bit of a mystery and we mostly learn about them through their enemies. Hopefully in the future books we'll get more insight on all that. **Codex Alera**, just started the 4th book and there is slavery going on but nothing inspiring to write about. More of a rehash of standard stuff. Regarding your questions, on who had it worse, in WoT they were broken mentally with the use of magic artifacts. In First Law, they were marched first in battle to certain death. Hard to choose between the two but I think in WoT it was worse because you couldn't even kill yourself. On what types of slavery reflect the real world, I don't there is one as "traditional" slavery is somewhat eradicated. Slavery as a more loose term, in the way of the few manipulating the majority, I think in First Law Bayaz behind the scenes manipulating his empire through banks and royalty is kinda reflective of the real world. As for having it well off, in Codex Alera if you are lucky enough to be under a good steadholder (landlord) it doesn't look too bad.
That is also my belief but I think on a lesser degree than completely fixing the end result, influencing a ref to be say 60%-40% happens on high profile games too. I've seen some weird stuff over the years that I don't think it could have been random. For example S.Korea beating Italy and Spain in the 2002 WC. Beyond that, I've seen countless comments of RM fans accusing Barcelona of corrupt refs helping them and vice versa in occasions similar to this one so it's far from certain what the initial comment meant ("Easier to fix matches this way.")
Yeah, towards the end of the 3rd it started getting more complex and interesting. More forces striving for power and the main character finally started on magic. It's reasonable to not have magic from the get go but when everyone is full of it and half way through the protagonist is magicless, it's like wth is going on.
A thing of beauty. Just to put things in context, Barcelona can accumulate a maximum of 96 points when for a long time now, the league winner has needed 90 points and sometimes it went up to 100. They'll need to make a legendary second round to win the league or us to crumble. Hopefully we avoid the second with a lot of the injured players returning soon.
Up till we scored we were struggling. From that point onwards we were all right and secured an easy victory. Kovacic was man of the match, hope he plays the next game too with Kroos being suspended.
Someone will probably have to go to make room for Llorente.
Nowhere close to a year, just a few months.
Yeah, nowhere close to a youth product. Still an excellent find though.
Only caught the last half an hour since I was watching Real Madrid before that. Looked like a great game despite the lack of goals. In general, in the few occasions I've watched PSG and Monaco, they play very appealing football. High technique, high tempo and a lot less bitching than usual. From the little I saw, the draw seemed a fair result. Both teams were a bit unlucky with the goals they conceded. The way a lot of the top leagues are going, I'll probably start watching more and more the intense league race in France.
As of now, yeah James is the most likely candidate and i'd put isco second.
Don't know exactly, he was a bit older than the usual "talent age" and Real Madrid signed him out of nowhere.
Yeah, I finished it and you are right.
The name on the literal sense doesn't fit but that's of little significance. The change to incorporate additional teams from the stronger leagues significantly raised the level of compeititon and the popularity of it. To a large degree all of the best teams in the world compete in it thus winning it is more important than winning your own league where even in the recent glory period of La Liga, it's still limited to 3-4 of the top teams in the world. As for luck of the draw, that's always been an aspect of it but I agree that it reduces a bit of its importance. Despite that, I strongly believe that in most cases the results relate to the true strength of the teams competing.
Sadly, I barely know anyone who reads, let alone read fantasy. I remember a couple of years ago when I was doing my military service and I was in the middle of like a hundred young men with infinite free time, I only saw 1 person with a book (Moby Dick). Meanwhile, half of the time I was wondering around with headphones listening to audiobooks. Everyone thought I was listening to music and a few guys that asked about it had never even heard of audiobooks.
Αt this point it's understandable. Better to finish the season and maybe lift a trophy than leave half way through. The funniest thing in the transfer side of things was James and the frenzy after his comments of thinking about his future. So much talk and then absolutely nothing happened.
He played very well for like 5 games before he got injured. My point is self evident. A ton of people were talking out of their asses and Real Madrid was right to cash in on him.
Losing weight and getting fit in general. Exercising is boring to me and especially in the beginning it was a struggle physically too, everything ached and I was literally limping after a few days of running. I combined it with listening to audiobooks though and it worked. A few years later, I can jog for hours. It's still boring but the books make it all right.
Awesome! I have no problem waiting. I just want more bloody nine and Steven Pacey narrating.
Nice one!
I'd very much prefer Cuardrado to start but I think Allegri will prefer the 3-4-3 with D.Alves being scarily on form. It's very important we don't concede first and that we don't waste too many chances up front. On their side, I'm concerned of Higuain because he instantly smashes the ball whenever he's close enough and he's got a good shot while Navas's positioning is suspect. Dybala also has a good shot but he doesn't gets many chances to show it. At least Navas has had some good performances lately, hopefully he does well. I think we are slight favorites 55-45, mostly cause of the experience RM has at this stage. I could easily see Juventus panicking and some of their players choking if they concede a goal or the game not going their way. On the other hand I'm confident in our squad's mentality and individually my only concerns are Casemiro going a bit wild and Carvajal/Bale not being at their best. Regardless of what happens, the squad has done a great job this season and they should build on this.
How much time and which kind of games depends a lot on BBC. If one of them is injured a lot like Bale this season and Mbappe is shining, I think him becoming a starter for even big games is possible. It certainly is a high risk move though. Personally for 1+ year now I've been of the opinion of buying Aubameyang and having him and BBC as roughly four players for three spots. Seeing how Mbappe has risen out of nowhere has put some second thoughts in me. If he was willing to stay at Monaco for a year, then yeah I agree that would be the safest way for him to develop although the way Monaco is going, they will be a very different team next season. If it's now or never for Mbappe...it's a tough call but I'd probably lean towards going for him if his price wasn't higher than 100mil. Beyond that, I would revert back to going for Aubameyang.
Personally I don't have a preference on transfer policy in general. I think transfers are a tool and depending on the circumstances going full galacticos or going full young players can be the right (or wrong) choice. And that applies to everything in football, from who owns the club to how power is divided between management and coach, to transfer policy etc. There is no "correct" way of doing things, otherwise most teams would follow a specific recipe. There are various factors and X way of doing things might work for now but Y might beat X in the future etc. Plus the luck factor which definitely plays a role in football. Whether your season is great or a failure can be judged by the ball hitting the crossbar or the ref getting a decision wrong. Real Madrid specifically has a very solid base on being owned by club members and its history which makes it hard for a sole person to run it to the ground. When things are going really bad, tension mounts up and either there's improvement or there's a change in management. I also like putting emphasis on young players in general (not just spanish) but I think they have overdone it a bit lately. Experience is also an important factor and there are times where going for the older player is the right move. Examples of that are Ronaldo, Modric, Kroos who were already established players and helped the club immensely. For example, last summer Kante seemed available but the club didn't look at all willing to go for him. As for the media, I don't pay too much attention to it. If you are doing your job well, you'll eventually force even the biggest haters to recognize your value.
In the first half Dybala was all right, he drew a ton of fouls and was trying to create something in the attack. In the second half yeah he disappeared, probably got tired. Imo, him and D.Alves were the only positive ones offensively. Mandukic scored a brilliant goal but nothing else.
In knockout competitions yeah that's true but in the league Simeone's Atletico has hurt RM multiple times.
He got a few minor decisions wrong but he did all right overall, no big calls needed.
He also was Ancelotti's assistant in 2014 which also ended with a CL win.
De Gea is better and younger. It's cold but it's quite simple really. Whether it does happen though is a different story.
He was subbed off very early in the game so you weren't that much off. Del Horno made a brutal challenge on him at arround ~24'.
Obviously that's subjective but yeah, in my opinion De Gea is better. Not that it says much but for example in today's game, I think De Gea would have had a good chance of saving Mandzukic' brilliant strike due to his height.
And this could very easily continue. Two super cup titles on the line in a couple of months and individually he's guaranteed to win both FIFA's award in the start of the season and Ballon d'Or in January. And of course there's next season with RM being favorites to win everything again and the World Cup a year from now with Portugal.
Congratulations to the club for the tremendous achievement of winning the Champions League. The team was set up and tried to play what everyone who's been watching them expected. Initially they struggled with nervousness and Juve's pressing but they didn't settle to a secondary role and kept fighting to control the midfield. It was the right plan since midfield had the biggest edge in quality. Defensively they performed very well, Juventus barely created any chances, only D.Alves and Dybala in the first half had some nice moves. RM practically avoided any danger of finding themselves behind in the scoreline, something crucial when facing Juventus' style of play. What really made the difference though was the outrageous efficiency in RM's offence. With 3 goals in 3-4 chances it's impossible for this RM squad to lose and it probably means an easy victory which is more or less what happened. The squad's quality up front is undeniable but luck played an important factor too. Two deflections helped RM get the lead twice. Two very strong blows for Juventus, they recovered from the first one very fast with an incredible goal but the second goal stunned them and RM didn't give them anytime to recover mentally and striked the third and final blow. It's not that it was impossible for RM to concede twice in 30 minutes but for that kind of comeback, Juventus needed a combination of many things. Stamina, an offence that created chances, a key player having a big game, help from bench, luck, strong mentality. Juventus had none of those and especially mentally, they were miles behind RM and the final half hour of the game resembled a friendly, RM being relaxed and sure on themselves and Juve surrendered with the exception of D.Alves. Hugely important title but what is even more crucial is the overall trajectory the club is following the last few years. RM needs to build on this squad and take full advantage of their competitors struggles.
Congratulations to Real Madrid for the tremendous achievement of winning the Champions League. The team was set up and tried to play what everyone who's been watching them expected. Initially they struggled with nervousness and Juve's pressing but they didn't settle to a secondary role and kept fighting to control the midfield. It was the right plan since midfield had the biggest edge in quality. Defensively they performed very well, Juventus barely created any chances, only D.Alves and Dybala in the first half had some nice moves. RM practically avoided any danger of finding themselves behind in the scoreline, something crucial when facing Juventus' style of play. What really made the difference though was the outrageous efficiency in RM's offence. With 3 goals in 3-4 chances it's impossible for this RM squad to lose and it probably means an easy victory which is more or less what happened. The squad's quality up front is undeniable but luck played an important factor too. Two deflections helped RM get the lead twice. Two very strong blows for Juventus, they recovered from the first one very fast with an incredible goal but the second goal stunned them and RM didn't give them anytime to recover mentally and striked the third and final blow. It's not that it was impossible for RM to concede twice in 30 minutes but for that kind of comeback, Juventus needed a combination of many things. Stamina, an offence that created chances, a key player having a big game, help from bench, luck, strong mentality. Juventus had none of those and especially mentally, they were miles behind RM and the final half hour of the game resembled a friendly, RM being relaxed and sure on themselves and Juve surrendered with the exception of D.Alves. Hugely important title but what is even more crucial is the overall trajectory the club is following the last few years. RM needs to build on this squad and take full advantage of their competitors struggles.
Nah, that privilege is exclusive to Schweinsteiger and Chicago Fire.
I think they have a solid first XI and their squad overall is improving. Right now, I'd put them us 6th-7th favorites which means they'll likely not win it but it's not necessary for them to win it to be a good tournament. There's a number of great memorable runs in history like Hungary '54, Netherlands '74, Brazil '82 and others. But it's not time for that discussion yet. Qualifiers are ongoing and Portugal has some difficult games ahead of them.
I think they have a solid first XI and their squad overall is improving. Right now, I'd put them us 6th-7th favorites with means they'll likely not win it but it's not necessary for them to win it to be a good tournament. There's a number of great memorable runs in history like Hungary '54, Netherlands '74, Brazil '82 and others. But it's not time for that discussion yet. Qualifiers are ongoing and Portugal has some difficult games ahead of them.
Count towards what ? 2013 was a bad season for RM, they struggled and didn't win anything.
It was a bit of an exaggeration but the whole Modric-RM thing up till the goal he scored against United later that season had a bad vibe.
Υeah. Benitez tried a lot of stuff but it just looked like the players couldn't stand him.
Ι hadn't watched him but Illara probably showed potential for RM to buy him. It's a tough job and small details can make or break your season. The plan for Ancelotti in 2014-15 was to have Alonso but Xabi chose to leave in the last moment. Despite that Ancelotti's RM was beasting it for months and would probably have at least one title if it wasn't for Modric and later James' injuries.
Is he fully first team now ? Or is he training (or playing) with the youth team too ?
Damn, that's pretty good for 25min of play. Hope he doesn't get butchered with all that dribbling.
Can't say since I've literally never seen or at least paid attention to Belotti. If I was Milan though, I wouldn't go for Morata for that kind of money (55+mil). I'd go for Aubameyang, Lacazette, Aguero, Fekir, Martial and there are definitely others I haven't seen.
Damn, that's a nice archive. Wish there was more achieving in football and sports in general. It's quite hard to find older games which is a shame really.
Saw bits and pieces, looked cool. If anyone finds a vod with the english commentary share it with me.
Despite all that, we were still one defeat away from losing it. That should be in the club's mind in their summer plans. If Barcelona improves, RM may need to literally be perfect to win it.
Defender overall I agree, he's world class. If you limit it only to defensive duties though I disagree as he makes some key mistakes. The Varane-Ramos partnership though definitely worked well this season and Casemiro also fit very well. There is [this cool video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsC3qSYTuQ4&amp;t=11s) about it I saw some days back.
Ιt's a verbal interview so people should keep that in mind when reading it. It's different when you have to answer spontaneously compared to having time to think about it. He obviously could have avoided it but personally I have no problem with it and I want footballers to be more honest about things. It's understandable for him to be disappointed and frustrated. Zidane obviously preferred Varane this season and later Nacho but I don't blame him. Varane was absolutely brilliant for like the first 6 months of the season up till a shockingly bad performance against Valencia and the subsequent injuries. Nacho over Pepe was weird but Pepe and the club seemed adamant to part ways since neither budged on the negotiations, Pepe had some fitness issues and Nacho was performing quite well on the pitch. Anyway, it's not the ideal way for Pepe's end in the club but this is how things often develop in R.Madrid. It's very hard to keep your spot in this team as you age, let alone retire. I hope Pepe has a strong year wherever he goes and does well in the world cup next summer. He's a great player, he helped the club a lot and he's not done yet.
That comparison makes little sense. Since when Italy is an example of a country doing very well in Champions League ? Spain is by far the best in that department and similarly to England Barcelona-R.Madrid-Atletico rarely ever trade players. And especially R.Madrid that has dominated CL in the last years, they don't sign players top 5-6 spanish teams players period. Last one they bought was a very young Ramos 10+years ago.
Greatest fight that never happened, Sakuraba vs Rickson.
It's not that simple to get the feel of the situation back then. Indeed it was ludicrous amount of money but beyond what others have said about using money from Zidane, the italian league was thriving economically. They were doing huge transfers left and right for a few years that had domino effects. Also, Parma back then was a very good team and Buffon in his youth was ridiculously good.
Not yet, the case is ongoing.
Real Madrid should sign both Donnarumma and De Gea just for the outrage it would cause.
So close to winning it in 2012. So many things would be different.
Unbelievable speed. This is good proof for people arguing that Ronaldo's career is more due to hard work than talent. Who the fuck runs like that when he's 19.
It happens every 4 years unless there's an emergency. 2009-2013-2017
The criteria to become a candidate are pretty rough and the way things have gone for the RM in the last 4 years, no one will run against Perez.
Yeah, things have cooled off lately but you never know. Personally, 70+mil for De Gea didn't appeal to me. Should look at other goalkeepers.
Nice idea and review. Regarding the **luck** factor, to some extent it's the quality, depth, fitness and mentality that contributed to late comebacks but there's certainly an element of luck also. Super lucky, no I wouldn't say so overall. The positives have already been discussed a lot so I'm not inclined to talk about it. I'll delve into the negatives: **Roster** wise, I think there were two key mistakes that happened last summer. Keeping Coentrao instead of buying someone else. Chances of Coentrao regaining his form were very slim and it was unnecessary for the club to take such a risk. There were plenty of money to go for someone else. In the end, it didn't matter much but it certainly could have if Marcelo had a serious injury. Secondly, not signing Kante. He was on the market and I think RM could have gotten him if they wanted. The signs were there that he's a special player and the squad was lacking in the DM spot. **Form** wise, the squad struggled in the first months of the season, especially offensively. We mostly got the wins needed but the performances left a lot to be desired. Benzema and Ronaldo were very poor, I think Zidane could have reduced a bit of their playing time to try other players or tactics. I also think James could have been used a bit more overall. There was an improvement though and towards the end of the season, the squad looked quite good. **Subs**. A lot of instances where the subs were made in the final 10-15 minutes of the game which I disagree with as our bench had a lot of quality. All of the above points though take into account only what I saw happening on the pitch. Zidane has to handle the squad from the inside so not making X roster change or giving more time to Y player could be influenced by that. I would rate him 9/10 taking into consideration the lower competition faced. If Barcelona, Bayern etc. were stronger as they definitely can be, I would probably rate Zidane 8.
Yeah it kinda sucks moving season tickets since they often are groups of people that become acquainted in games etc. However, in general, behind the net are the worst seats in football games and that's why almost always the hardcore groups of fans are put there. They often put creating a good atmosphere ahead of watching the game.
I think having people opposing is healthy since they can provide good criticism and force the club's management to do their job in a better way. Real Madrid already has a lot of pressure but complacency is always a danger.
The midfield situation was unrealistic to continue like that. This season it was more like let them fight each other to see who prevails and have extra options if the transfer ban wasn't lifted. The B team will probably be weaker offensively but that could be balanced out defensively. M.Llorente will probably be better than having Kroos/Kovacic for backup DM, T.Hernandez will definitely be better than Coentrao and Vallejo might not be better than Pepe, but he'll probably be more reliable than this season's Pepe. I agree on the concern on not pushing for Mbappe or someone else high profile up front. That could be a key mistake the way BBC has performed this season. On the other hand, no De Gea and no Mbappe while selling James, Morata !?! What's the plan of amassing all of this money ? Buy Barcelona in a couple of years when they're broke ?
Not sure on Kante but I find it hard to believe that he would prefer Chelsea over Madrid. It's not like in the summer Casemiro was considered irreplaceable, Kante would have had a good chance to quickly become a starter. I think Real Madrid didn't go for Kante because they weren't very keen on selling Isco/James/Kovacic and they also had their eyes on M.Llorente for this summer. Showing confidence in out of form players is key for them to recover from their slump. Way I see it though, if Benzema was terrible for the first ~65 minutes of the game, subbing in Morata/Mariano or James/Isco and try something different is reasonable, even if the team is winning. Benzema is not like Ronaldo who even if he's been awful for 90 minutes, can bang a goal out of nowhere. But I have zero experience in handling dressing rooms, maybe Benzema playing so much was required to keep key players happy.
Nice video, he looks relaxed. My questions would be: What do you think went wrong with Barcelona last year? What do you think are Real Madrid's weaknesses ?
It's evident he has skills but for various reasons he has struggled. I barely see any rumors about it so he'll probably stay. Hope he does well.
He only stayed at Castilla a few months and as soon as the season was over he started training with the first team.
They've been good but there's certainly a lot of room for improvement.
It's a decent comparison age wise since it's like Ronaldo and Messi. Mbappe however has had 1 season at top tier football where he excelled (team won league and CL semi) while Vinicius has barely played any professional games.
Definitely but James is harder to fit in modern formations.
Yeah, the journalists play a big role and people living in Spain will probably be the only ones able to make such a guide. From my perspective I value Marca, Cadena SER and COPE. However this thing changes over time, for example I think the last couple of years Real Madrid moves have been harder to predict for the media. And honestly I don't think it's that important right now since we sign very few players. Last summer it was only Morata who looked guaranteed to join from very early and this summer there wasn't much debate over the moves. M.Llorente and Vallejo are expected since last summer, T.Hernandez and Vinicius quickly looked sure for us, Morata seemed almost certain to leave and the only real question is who we will sign up front. The only name thrown around is Mbappe. In a few words, our summer transfers aren't that big of puzzle like all the other clubs.
Marcelo is great but I can't wait to see how T.Hernandez does. It feels like forever since we've had a reliable backup for him. If Coentrao that had some good moments, he kept losing a ton of games.
Well, he feels like he's the mouthpiece of the current management but I think that sometimes he's used to distract or say something false on purpose because it serves the club's interest.
Yeah, looks somewhat certain that will be the case. Maybe if Isco hadn't been so hot towards the end things could be different but now I don't see James staying. Love him as a player though, would have been great if we hadn't conceded last moment in the clasico, he would have been the hero that clinched us the title.
Because the defender should know the strengths of his attacker act accordingly. James is a world class finisher with the left while being almost no danger at all with his right. Thus, the defender should prioritize not to allow him to shoot with his left. Think about it like Robben but opposite. It's always preferred to force him to his right than cut inside.
You come at the King, you best not miss.
That mentality works for R.Madrid. Find excuses, luck, minor mistakes etc.
Just finished reading [Gestifute's response (his agency),](http://gestifute.com/following-the-public-prosecutor-complaint/?lang=en) it seems reasonable. Beyond that, it's a complicated matter. If he's innocent, prove it in court. If he isn't, get punished accordingly. Anyway, it will probably take a couple of years for this to settle.
Nah, last thing you want to do is send him to a team that is completely eroded by the loser mentality. If Monaco had kept relatively the same squad, sure one more year there was a safe bet. The way things are going though, it will be a completely new team so it's a risk to stay there too. If Mbappe joined R.Madrid, it wouldn't necessarily be the same situation as this season. Mbappe would be different than Morata, he would have cost a lot and he's somewhat able to play as a winger. If all of Morata-James-Mariano leave, there's a decent amount of playing time even with BBC staying healthy and on form, which isn't that likely really.
It's a great opportunity this summer since Monaco is getting dismantled and a lot of teams with super budgets can't afford him this summer or have their eyes elsewhere.
Average home hit, decent away.
Seems like a reasonable request on Real Madrid's side and good job on el confidencial for reporting it. I also don't think showing him with the jersey of his national team is optimal, they should have thousands of photos of him in civilian clothes which imo suit better the situation.
Didn't vote since I've only watched football in the last ~20 years so it's literally impossible to compare with the decades before that. My favorite player is Zidane. The best (peak+duration) I've seen is C.Ronaldo. Best peak is Ronaldo. Best duration Zanetti.
They are not dropping him, they are trying to distance themselves from something that might be unlawful and something that certainly hurts your image. I didn't like Barcelona's take at all, I think it was both unethical and a PR disaster.
I think that's a false dilemma as in my opinion Barcelona's actions supporting Messi were not necessary for Messi to stay in the club.
Yeah, finding that balance is sometimes hard. You want to take the most out of the footballers you have but not go overboard with it and hurt the club itself.
No, that makes no sense. You asked what would hurt the club more than messi leaving and I answered. Also, it wasn't just the twitter incident. Recently Messi's case was finalized in spain's supreme court and Barcelona [reiterated](https://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/news/2016-2017/fc-barcelona-club-president-josep-maria-bartomeu-josep-vives-expresses-support-leo-messi-and-his-family) their support and will to stand with Messi, his father etc.
I'm always suspicious of any justice case as I think the whole justice system is very flawed. For example, juries deciding complicated legal matters when they have extremely limited knowledge of law and morals. In Messi's case though, it looked to me somewhat clear cut that he had broken the law. Beyond that, while it's certain politics and biases play a part, I'm not knowledgeable enough to form an opinion on whether the prosecutor supporting R.Madrid was relevant.
I don't like it and imo it's a good move only if they are certain he'll be acquitted of the charges.
Yeah but people often prefer to blame others than themselves.
He stayed last summer when he had barely played, I don't think there's any chance he leaves now. The only question in my mind is how the hierarchy will go with him and Vallejo, whether one of them will be clearly 3rd or it will be more ven etc.
I agree. Home one looks average although it may look better on the pitch when everyone is wearing it. Problem with the away one is that because R.Madrid's all white rarely clashes with opponent's jerseys, it rarely gets used. This season for example, we used the purple one quite rarely.
I disagree with that standpoint as this type of legal matters are very complicated.
Messi was throughout the season, Ronaldo excelled in the last months. Up till then his finishing was clearly worse than usual.
With the amount of drama around this, I can't see how Donnarumma would stay in Milan for the coming season. I would love it if we signed him. Have not watched much of him but I'm hyped to see him in Madrid.
Lol what ? It wasn't Milan alone that made him. He himself played the most important part in that. There's nothing to payback. It's a partnership between the club and the player. They both agreed on very specific terms in the last contract they signed and there are zero obligations beyond that, for neither the team nor the player.
Do you disagree on anything I said or it's just about my flair ? My stance is always the same. The player and the squad are partners and the only obligations on both sides are what the contract stipulates. Anything beyond that is extra. It's ridiculously unfair to expect loyalty only on the players' side. What happens when the squad decides to get rid of a player ? Does anyone question whether that player doesn't want to leave or is a supporter of the squad etc. ? No, the narrative is always "team comes first". Khedira also was in a similar situation while he was at Madrid. For whatever reasons, he decided that running out his contract was the best option for him. RM lost some potential money but it was totally the player's right to do so.
That's one part of the equation. The other part is they saw great potential in him and big benefits for the club if it worked out. Donnarumma did well and we got to where we are now. Milan probably making a ton of money through selling him.
Truly a wonder.
For his career maybe. He is a person though and it's his right to choose for himself what he considers more important. Also, when negotiating with other clubs, he can get guarantees of playing time.
18 actually. He doesn't need to have finished his development to change clubs and plenty of players have developed well after transferring at young ages. Both Donnarumma and Milan failed to agree terms.
For starters, it was Italy that used to suck out big talent for 10+ years but they fucked up and they are now left behind. It will be a struggle for them to become a top tier destination again, that's how things go. His actions indicate he wanted to stay with Milan but that's not a blank cheque. He wanted certain terms before agreeing to renew and without having the details it's hard to make conclusions. Plus the fact that he might have changed opinions, maybe RM wants him and he thinks it's a once in a lifetime opportunity to join them. He's only 18, it's not like he's the most stable person in the world. When I was 18 I barely did any serious thinking and I changed opinions all the time. This kind of situation (contract ending) is often controversial as subce it's the team that feels hard done, the vast majority of fans will be on the team's side. It's true that usually RM is benefited from this kind of situations as they are a very desirable destination for footballers. Regardless of that however, I think there's a heavy bias for teams and against players.
Obviously one can only guess and I'd bet on PSG. This story has happened again already a few times and he stayed at PSG. Barcelona would need to splash like 80+mil to get him which is tough, PSG probably doesn't want to sell and Verratti doesn't look determined enough to force the situation by making public his desire to leave or refusing to train etc. So I'd say 50% PSG, 40% Barcelona, 10% Juventus or elsewhere.
Who knows really but don't trust the media or the fans. Their opinions are **heavily** biased towards teams' interest, not players' interest.
Every club's fans are very critical because it's a team vs player debate and since 99% of football fans support teams not players, they are obviously gonna take Milan's side.
Pogba is a lot more valuable marketing wise. After Messi, Ronaldo, Neymar who are on their own category, it's Pogba and maybe Bale. Messi and Ronaldo are heading towards the end of their careers so it's not unlikely that Pogba is in a few years the #1 or #2 most marketable footballer. Verratti is nowhere near that level and he'll probably never reach that. Reasons for that, he is barely involved in any goals or assists and he has played in PSG and France.
I haven't followed the saga very closely but I think it's a case where both sides played the negotiation game aggressively and it lead to this abrupt breakup. Milan was pressuring him heavily to a final decision very fast, like who the hell puts a public deadline on a player two weeks into the summer. The player's side maybe thought it's a bluff so they budge to their demands, Milan didn't budge, neither did Donnarumma, both sides are angry and it's over. Or maybe Donnarumma's side got convinced to join another club (RM, PSG) and they tanked the negotiations.
[Trouble ?](https://imgur.com/a/9iVjJ)
Officially no. Under the table, sure why the hell not.
It would be somewhat ridiculous.
It's a bit early to judge as last summer Zidane for various reasons couldn't do many changes in the roster. This summer there's room for more changes but yeah, so far it looks like the plan isn't very grandiose and the rumors circulating are limited. But you never know with these things, we'll see how things have turned out towards the end of August.
With a 50% tax it's 11m per year which is somewhat believable.
Spain are [favorites](https://www.oddschecker.com/football/youth/u21/u21-european-championship/winner), let's see how they do.
Ηe could recuperate some of that marketing wise since Madrid offers more of that. And in a couple of years, if things went well he would renew with Madrid and get a somewhat similar contract.
I think Pepe was better than Ramos and worse than Hierro and Cannavaro. Obviously Cannavaro came late so Pepe helped a lot more but individually I'd rank him below Cannavaro. Personally I'm very grateful for his contributions to the club. It was a very tough road in the beginning. His transfer cost was shocking (things were very different 10 years ago especially during an economic crisis), the squad wasn't very strong , he struggled on the pitch and he later suffered a huge knee injury. Despite all that, he managed to persevere, improve a lot and help the club massively. As far as the controversies go, it never affected my opinion much. I had been watching him play every week so his moments of madness weren't that important to me. Even the infamous incident with Casquero, I remember the opposing team behaving like total cunts during that game and the pressure on RM was immense. Obviously Pepe's reaction was very wrong but I disagreed with the outrage. He got a 10 match ban or whatever, he didn't do it again and that's it. Keeping it over his head forever is just stupid and shows more about the person thinking that way than Pepe. PS: Forgot to comment about this year, probably the worst season in his time at Madrid, being overcome in the hierarchy by even Nacho so there's not much to say beyond that. Can't beat age and R.Madrid's dna of putting the team first ahead of any player. Hope he does well wherever he goes and has a good world cup next summer.
Probably not but if he resurrects after...Perez will break the bank for him.
Interesting analysis, surprised to see it on el mundo.
- **First Law Series** Steven Pacey - **Wheel of Time** Michael Kramer and Kate Reading. - **Lord of the Rings** Rob Inglis. - **The Dark Tower** Frank Muller - **Hyperion Cantos** Victor Bevine - **Bartimaeus sequence** Simon Jones - **Tigana** Simon Vance
Depends on the agreement between them. If there's a contract, there might be terms for firing him like compensation or something.
To play for fun sure. Just take it slowly as you don't want to hurt yourself. It's the same with any kind of activity, you need to slowly train your body for it. Incorporate a bit of jogging, core exercises and stretching. Even very little of it can make a significant difference, both in not getting injured and improving your performance.
Overall no I think James is better. For Real Madrid, maybe Isco is better. It looked like that in the last couple of months but it's hard to say if it was just form of the whole team, form of Isco individually etc.
I have serious doubts about **Isco**'s ability to become a permanent central midfielder in a 4-3-3 formation. It has been tried sometimes with mixed results. To excel in that role I think you need huge lungs to run all the time (Modric) or be a strong tactician that reads the game well (Kroos). Isco isn't very physical, he often gets tired around ~70' and although he has brilliant moments tactically like runs/passes/shots, I think it's more down to his instinct and having freedom than planning it. And that has a lot to do with confidence which is a reason why he's inconsistent. Not so much from game to game but streaks of games and I don't think it's a coincidence his best periods where when he first joined, during the unbeaten run in Ancelotti's second season and the last months this season. I also feel that to get the best of him, he needs to spend most of his time in the opponent third of the pitch. You rarely shoot/assist/dribble as a CM in 4-3-3, even for Modric and Kroos who are considered top tier in those positions, it's more of a bonus, their main duties are different. For me he is best suited in a traditional "10" role and secondarily left midfielder or some kind of free role like he was utilized lately with 3 midfielders next to him and him being the wild card, having freedom to do a bit of everything. Regarding **James**, I agree he's world class and he would be ideal for Bayern. James feeding Lewandowski would be incredible but I don't see it happening as there has been no rumour about it, James costs a lot for Bayern and Miller is somewhat sacred for them. Beyond Bayern, I agree with devic3 on Chelsea being a good destination. Having Kante behind to run for two players and there's a gap in quality in the attack beyond Hazard and D.Costa. Plus the fact that Costa is probably leaving and there's a good chance his replacement is a downgrade so getting someone with added offensive quality like James is a good move. Finally Milan, it's a huge risk but it's not unthinkable to see it working out. Milan has started building a good squad and if they keep investing it wouldn't surprise me if in a couple of years they are back to fighting for the league and reaching CL quarters. From James' point of view, it's somewhat saddening to see how things have turned out. RM doing very well and him being on the side. Personally I haven't given up completely. I think chances are with Ronaldo staying but if he leaves, I'd definitely keep James. They might not play the same positions but Ronaldo leaving certainly frees up a lot of things and I could definitely see James going back to being at least 12th or 13th player. PS: Such a bummer we conceded that final minute goal in the clasico. James would have been the hero of that game and I feel like it could have changed things for him in the club.
Yeah but not all cases are similar. Maybe Messi's was worse hence the prosecution going all the way.
&gt;They're actually all the same I've read articles where it's emphasized that they aren't. For example: &gt; **The Messi case is entirely different**, as Ransés Pérez-Boga, president of the Tax Inspectors association made clear back in 2014. The Barcelona player **hid his image rights income from the Spanish tax man, using a fraudulent structure using companies in other countries including Belize and Uruguay. This Messi case is not about a discrepancy over the provisions in the Spanish tax law, it is simply about hiding income.** Hence the different approach from the tax authorities. [source](http://en.as.com/en/2016/07/13/football/1468412404_889853.html)
Maybe on a lower level but for Real Madrid's level I can't really see it. You have to keep in mind that up front there's Ronaldo and Benzema, players that have limited contribution when the team is defending. If Isco had Hazard for example in front of him, then yeah it could work out. I agree that James' chance of leaving is higher than staying. I think the only things that might keep him is the Ronaldo situation and the fact that it doesn't look like there's much willingness for clubs to splash 70+mil for him. And it's understandable as it's a lot of money for a "10" nowadays and RM is kinda forced to sell sooner or later.
One big negative is the fact they've only won 2 Champions League and 1 Uefa Cup in the last 40 years.
I have no idea. I haven't researched the subject much and it doesn't really interest me. I don't think these cases are that simple.
Sure but it's also 5 overall, in 60+ years of european cup history. In the old days you had limited chances since you had to win the league and next year preserve or even increase your level. Last ~20 years though, if you are a top team in a big country you almost certainly get your chance and Bayern can't have been managed that well with their limited european success.
Have never seen him but he's praised a ton. Don't know where the hell he'll fit in Madrid's midfield but hope he does well anyway.
Nah, this is almost certain bullshit by Marca. They often make up fake offers from other clubs for players Real Madrid is going for.
This 60% of his rights is probably due to buyback clauses not being allowed in France. Would have preferred to have a buyback clause but you can't always get what you want. If the player does great, he'll probably want to return to Madrid anyway.
&gt; How good can Marco Asensio be? I think the fact that he's a mix of a "10" and a winger will limit him a bit and I think it's unlikely he'll become a top 3-5 ballon d'or candidate etc. But that's a long time from now. Looking forward to seeing him in the knock outs with u-21.
Ι used to feel that way but not anymore. As I grew up greek football became more and more meaningless to me so I just decided to completely ignore it. I honestly think it's one of the best decisions I've made in my life.
It's 2017, people can't be arsed to do anything related to protesting.
[Pretty much.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DClocv7XgAAa-As.jpg)
Very possible ? Lol, if Bale leaving was very possible there would be rumors and reports about it non stop. Instead there's barely anything going, a couple of links to United and secondary rumors related to Mbappe. No huge signing has happened out of thin air.
Asensio doesn't look very comfortable on the right wing. Maybe he could pull it off but trusting him as a starter on the right would be a massive risk and RM rarely takes those. For example, when they signed Bale with the specific purpose of playing him on the right, they kept Di Maria for a year who was their previous right winger.
If you take duration into account then there's only Eusebio to compare. He had 13 straight excellent seasons with Benfica which was probably the best squad in the 60s. He was very physical which was quite rare back then as footballers didn't take very good care of themselves and sports medicine was a lot more limited. Hard to compare since they are ~50 years apart and there's barely anyone who has consistently watched both. If Ronaldo keeps a high level for a couple more years, I think it would be clearer he's better since Eusebio more or less stopped playing serious football at ~33.
Fans are supporters of the club and they almost always are biased and often even fanatical about it. Thus it's completely expected that when something happens that hurts their club, they get angry. And it's the same for non Milan fans as the "club above all" dogma is prevalent everywhere. Players that sacrifice their personal careers for the club like Totti are deified while players that focus on their personal careers and go to better teams or switch teams often are villified. It's not only americans thinking a player shouldn't have loyalty to a club. I also think that and I'm not an American. The player should do whatever he wants and his only obligations are what the contract stipulates. Donnarumma has no obligation, ethical or otherwise, to renew his contract etc.
Yeah but whether he'll be able to keep this up or do well in other clubs than Real Madrid is highly doubtful. Real Madrid's roster has been very good to excellent for quite some years now. Since 2010 they've been making CL semis and gathering ~90+points in the league. Zidane minimized the problems, improved them a bit and combined with the fact that at the very top the level of teams has fallen, he's enjoyed a lot of success. Barcelona is a question mark but english and italian teams are rising so I think it will gradually get harder and harder to do well in the CL in the coming years.
Maybe if he kept focused in football which isn't that unlikely in the modern era as high level footballers rarely get into massive problems like drug addiction.
He definitely is but I think he has a ceiling and he won't be able to lead Liverpool to a league title in the next 2-3 years.
Lol what. The amount of titles, goals, assists is similar to Messi and that's extremely rare in the history of football. That combined with the fact that they are of similar age, playing in the same league and being the super stars of the two best teams in the last 8 years, means the comparisons would be made regardless of the media.
Their problem is their at best average coach and the nature of international football. There's an extreme level of randomness and luck in the World Cup and Euro.
The year Leicester did it, it was a great chance since the level of play wasn't that high. In a typical year though yeah, it's kind of impossible for this Liverpool squad to win it.
It doesn't matter whether your opinion is popular or not, the whole point is having a discussion. I agree that Zidane is very important and that he has improved over time. However if you check how many points the squad gathered with Mourinho and Ancelotti, Zidane was on that level and it's Barcelona who has regressed a bit. That's not a dig on Zidane, managing similar results with Mourinho and Ancelotti is no joke, they are top tier coaches. Plus the fact that Zidane took over in the middle of last year having to cover some lost ground and the fact that the club has barely spent anything on transfers in the last two seasons. Top teams having fallen is a fact. Barcelona this season was worse than last season despite having spent a lot of money, Atletico also struggled a lot and was out of the title race extremely early. Outside of spain, english clubs have been on a low level for quite some time now (Leicester won the league lol), Italy the same except Juventus who has remained steady or even improved a bit. Germany is more or less the same, a very good Bayern and and Dortmund a bit of a wildcard and beside those teams there's only PSG, hyped but failing in key moments. Monaco was the surprise this season and it probably won't be replicated next season. So at the top european level, competition has been somewhat weak for some years now. Real Madrid has abused that and there's nothing wrong with it. That's the nature of football, sometimes you are very strong and things just go wrong for you (Mourinho 2nd year) and sometimes you aren't that strong but opportunities arise (RM 2016, lucky draws). Being able to take full advantage of those opportunities is no small feat and even more important is not overvaluing those achievements. RM look to me like they realise a lot of their success came down to details and that there is a lot of room for improvement.
There is a lot of quality but I think there are a couple of positions in the starting eleven that are underwhelming (center forward, GK).
I'm no economic expert but yeah, way they've gone by with their transfer and wage policy, I think Barcelona is closing a breaking point. I don't feel like they can sustain spending as much as they have lately. That's dangerous because if the team isn't winning and you are unable to spend as much you want, you risk being left behind and it's hard to break out of that since a lot of the income is based on marketing. It will take extreme mismanagement to get to that point but I think we've already seen signs of that.
Nah, that's far from certain. When messi is gone that's the really dangerous point for Barcelona.
Ever singe we got linked to him like 1.5 years ago, I've kept an eye on him on the very few games I've seen Betis play. Against the toughest teams, Barcelona, R.Madrid etc. but he shined. I can't understand how no big team has gone for him.
&gt; If they haven't by now they never will , they aren't 17 they are 23 years old. That's not true, there are plenty of cases where players develop slower and reach their potential mid or late 20s. Kante for example, 3 years ago literally no one knew him and now he's easily top 3 in his position. About the rest, I think you are exaggerating a bit but in general I agree. It doesn't make sense for Barcelona to take so many risks with young players and on top of that provide them limited time. That's a recipe for disaster for developing young talents. You need to find a balance between youth and experience. Both Barcelona and RM have gone down the route of focusing almost exclusively on very young signings and racing each other on will do better. They need to take a step back and realise that some of their best signings in recent years were already developed and experienced players (Suarez, Rakitic, Bravo, Modric, Kroos, Navas).
Ozil was fkin incredible up till 2012. After that he started to slowly decline imo.
Spain has been a total joke for a few years now and their frontline has been absolute garbage.
Navas didn't do fine this season but yeah, spending 70mil for De Gea doesn't make much sense, especially when there's Donnarumma on the table.
It could also just be Nacho. T.Hernandez+Vallejo are replacing Coentrao+Pepe who were constantly injured this season and as they are very young they'll need to play often. Nacho might find it hard to get minutes in those roles so, he could get Danilo's time. It's an idea I like but it's possible, especially if they intend on adding Achraf from Castilla next summer. Something similar happened with M.Llorente as the club chose to go a year without a second DM and hold that spot for M.Llorente. Personally, I don't think the RB market is very appealing so giving Danilo another season isn't that bad. I like Hysaj but I don't see Napoli selling for below 30mil.
Did you watch Spain in the Euros ? First game they barely beat Czechia in the final minutes of the game, Czechia was one of the worst teams of the 24 team tournament. Third group game was crucial as it meant dodging the "Italy-Germany-France" path to the final. Spain just needed a draw against a Croatian squad that rested players. Spain fielded their best squad and they lost the game in shocking fashion. Ro16 against Italy they lost without even putting up a fight. Their offence looked extremely weak, it felt like Spain would never score a goal. Italy's roster quality was average at best. Based on the quality of their roster, the overall quality of teams in the tournament, Spain's incredible 2008-12 era, their showing in Euro '16 was a total joke.
Real Madrid's midfield is filled to the brim but I'd still love for that to happen. Very impressive player and I've only seen him a few times against very tough opponents. I'm finding it hard to believe though as only AS is reporting it and I don't remember them breaking any stories regarding RM's transfers.
That's not what I said. It would also be a joke if Germany, France, Italy, even England performed the same way and they don't have the 2008-12 era. If you have a top 3 in quality roster in the world and lose easily at ro16 of a Euro against a team that didn't even reach semis, it's a total disaster. International knock out games have a big degree of randomness but even that excuse doesn't hold up because in both the world cup and the Euro, their performances in the group stage were highly problematic.
Νah. Just because there is a law about it, it doesn't make it right. It's stupid and people should do whatever they want.
Because what people say should be completely irrelevant to the trial. If the judicial system is unable to enforce that, it's their problem and the solution is for them to fix it, not ask everyone to withhold their opinion.
If the charges are dropped, it's the judicial system that is to blame. They should be able to trial cases without being influenced by the public. If they can't, it's their problem and asking the public to to withhold their opinion is not the solution.
Then you'd fit right in working at Nazi concentration camps. Your opinion on mass killing innocent people wouldn't matter. That's how the system works and it should be respected.
I haven't thought much about it but no, I don't think random people with little to zero qualifications on law and ethics should judge anything. What is non negotiable though is people being free to express their views on any matter.
Why not explain why is it a strawman argument ? &gt; Your opinion on it doesn't matter. &gt; That is how the criminal prosecution service works and it should be respected in order to have a fair trial. Your claim is exactly this: Your opinion doesn't matter, this is the law, it should be followed. My example puts that view of yours to the test and it fails miserably. &gt; The fact that you think our prosecution service should be amended to allow people all over the world to spout their opinion on something most of them have no clue about (that is, the legal process of a case this convoluted) is ludicrous. Freedom of expression is not ludicrous, it's a basic human right. Furthermore, that specific law doesn't solve anything. People will go ahead and express their opinions regardless. All you've done is compromise the effectiveness of your judicial system.
Justice isn't related to security ? Is that what you are really claiming ?
I've got no issue with informing people of the existence of this law. What I disagree with is the law itself and people asking to withhold their opinions based on that. I'm not forcing anyone to do anything. I expressed my views on the matter and that's it.
Almost all of my knowledge on the subject comes from the Hillsborough film (2016) I watched recently. Maybe it was biased but to me it looked pretty damning towards the people responsible for the organizing of the game. I don't think the chief police officer or whatever should take all the blame as he was new on that specific job. Whoever decided to replace the previous officer should also take part of the blame. Beyond that obviously the most infuriating part of the story is the cover up afterwards which was done on a massive scale and abusing how society back then could be so easily influenced by traditional (corrupt) media (TV, radio, newspaper). Additionally, all this internal investigation business has got to be one of the biggest failures in modern society. Asking the police to investigate the police (or the army to investigate the army, or politicians to investigate politicians, or judges to investigate judges) is ridiculous for the blatant conflict of interest and it's not surprising that 99/100 cases end up finding zero wrongdoings. As far as the end result goes, I don't think it makes much sense to punish people harshly after something like 30 years. Revenge is appealing but this whole thing should be more about the ethical side and serving as a lesson for the future.
&gt; Sorry, how exactly does it fail miserably? You wrote this: &gt; Your opinion on it doesn't matter. &gt; That is how the criminal prosecution service works and it should be respected in order to have a fair trial. Isn't the logic behind that this: "Your opinion doesn't matter, this is the law, it should be followed." ? That exact same logic has been used in many of humanity's biggest atrocities convincing and coercing large numbers of people to act unethically. Its error correction mechanism severely lacks, hence why it fails. &gt; I've already spoken about your points here so I am just gonna copy my other response here. No you haven't. In the part you quoted you are explaining the logic behind the law, inventing a non existent slippery slope argument and advocating against any change since it's not worth the risk according to you. My points were freedom of speech being non negotiable and the fact that that law not only is ineffective nowadays but it's a potential loop hole for the defendant. &gt; If that makes me a Nazi, I have no idea how. Didn't say it makes you a nazi, I said that "you'd fit right in working at Nazi concentration camps". Not all of the people working in concentration camps were nazis, in fact most weren't and that's my whole point. I've explained it three times already, can't do much more than that. You on the other hand have failed twice to show how my example was a strawman argument.
It is difficult to explore the limits of these things. For freedom of expression I'd draw the line on people lying on purpose, for example a witness in a court case or a journalist lying on purpose regarding something. As for hate speech, ideally I would allow it as long as the person actually believes it. Before that happens though, people need to be educated on basic stuff, ideally from a very young age, so that they are resistant to stupid but dangerous ideas regarding races, nations, religions, sexual orientation etc.
I'm not american so I can't offer much on that end. I agree that free speech is complicated but as long as you are expressing your honest opinions, I think it's hard to argue against. This is certainly no dystopia but there's still a lot of improvements to be made. In my opinion trials should be judged by people whose job is exactly that and who fill specific qualifications regarding legal and ethics knowledge. In this age, it's literally impossible to stop or even limit public opinions on this kind of matters. The judiciary system should try and adjust to that fact.
Imo the dangerous part of hate speech is that it can be used to manipulate vulnerable people to buy into an ideology and through mob psychology move on from simply talking. If the majority of people are educated with facts regarding races, nations, religions, sex etc. I think the dangers of hate speech will be minimized. For example I think someone should be free to support antisemitism, anti gay, anti islam views etc as long as it's only talk and people should be free to ridicule that person for those views. I realise however that society ain't there yet and it's dangerous to allow that for now. The goal for the future though should remain the same, people being free to believe and say whatever they want.
&gt; "Shouldn't we protect those people even if the speaker believes what s/he is saying?" Yes we should protect them. Way things are now, protection should be limitations on free speech. For the future though, protection should be better education and no limitations on free speech.
Yeah, but I feel like the overall net gain in security would be higher.
I think in this case there is a net loss. You are directly or indirectly supporting a bad law making it harder for it to change in the future and what are you gaining ? A slightly higher chance for some people to be punished 30 years after the incident. That's mostly revenge, not security.
I've been making a bunch of responses on this matter so I lost track on what was your initial point. I can't see a realistic scenario where juries are judging high profile cases without being influenced by media, public opinion etc. For the sake of conversation, supposing it's possible on the cost of 24h of free speech or whatever, I'd still be against it and strive for trials to be judged by professionals educated and experienced in law and ethics. That way I believe the influence from media etc. would be very limited and the end result would outperform the model you suggest.
I think my response was relevant to yours. Take care, I enjoyed the discussion.
It's the quote that's relevant.
Yeah, that's the one ([wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillsborough_(2014_documentary) [imdb](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5698100/)). It had extra footage towards the end because the case progressed further. I agree that it was incredible but I felt it was biased to a small extent. It didn't show much of the other side, police officers (probably wanted nothing to do with it) and I felt like it tried to shift 100% of the blame away from the fans. When I was a bit younger I used to constantly go to my local team's home games (Panathinaikos) and live similar situations. Not people dying, but people without tickets gathering at a specific gate designated to the hardcore fans. These people would not enter the stadium, they'd wait at the gate till a big enough crowd was gathered and then attempt to force their way through without tickets and make the police to decide whether to fight back and risk people getting injured/die or let most of them through. In most games the police just let them through but in high profile games like local derbies/CL games, where the stadium is going to be packed, this strategy is dangerous as there's a lot more people without tickets wanting to go in and inside the stadium there is a lot less room since it's sold out. The parties involved know this and take necessary measures. The hardcore fans enter through their gate very early when no one is around and the gate is semi locked. There is a lot more police, there is a second check perimeter to filter out most of those without tickets etc. Thus nothing dangerous occurs. My point is, even though the police knows this stuff, those people trying to force their way in are also partly responsible. They abuse something but there is a risk involved. Something might go wrong in that process, there is an element of danger. And that's why a lot of those people are very young / drunk / stoned / addicts / hooligans or combinations of those. Plus the fact that when people are grouped together there's mob psychology involved and people are inclined to do stupid stuff easier. For various reasons their sense of danger is compromised. And I think this element was related to the Hillsborough disaster. In the end of the film, there's a verdict that the fans had zero responsibility for the events. I understand the injustice and a lot of other feelings many people feel about it and how it was later handled with the cover up but let's not go to the other end and claim the fans did nothing wrong. You obviously can't prosecute fans and many of them did nothing wrong having tickets etc. but there is no doubt some fans were partly responsible for the tragedy.
It is a failure. Whoever is deciding on the outcome of the trial should be immune or at least very resistant to public influence. If you ask random people with zero education and experience on law and ethics, then of course they are going to be susceptible to public influence. Juries is not the only system used in the world and I think it's far from optimal. Not adhering to a law you consider unethical isn't stupid.
Nah, you can compromise your ethics all you want. I however won't. I expressed my view on Hillsborough [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/6jzov8/cps_on_twitter_six_individuals_to_be_charged_in/djickup/) and I would do so again, regardless of the circumstances.
Not signing Mbappe would only make sense in my eyes only if it's certain we'll have priority to sign him in the future. Beyond that, if Morata+Mariano leave, someone will have to be signed up front. I can't see us starting the season without signing any striker, unless James stays and Ronaldo is considered as Benzema's backup too, which is super risky.
Navas played all the time though, James didn't. Taking that into account, I'd also rate James higher than Navas this season.
There are many variables regarding the GK spot. Was Navas' ~6 months out of form due to his injury ? If the answer is yes, or mostly yes then I'm not very concerned about next season. And if we plan to splash money on other causes (Mbappe), then I'm content with not signing anyone for GK. If it wasn't due to the injury or if there's uncertainty about it, I'd at least make an effort to find a new GK, especially if there are a lot of money lying around. Also if it's now or never for Donnarruma, I'd take him no matter what. The risk to reward ratio is very low.
Good chance for that but not anytime soon. The board will have to be different for starters.
Yeah it was weird but maybe the lack of training for a few months affected his form and confidence and it took him extra time to recover. I also didn't make that connection since it was so back in the past but he mentioned it in an interview so maybe it's true. He's always had some weaknesses but some of the things he did earlier in the season were mind boggling. Aside from this season though, he's done pretty well so while there's risk, it's not impossible for him to do well next season.
Nah, it wasn't that I felt offended, was just curious about that specific insult. Maybe I understood it wrong or don't remember it well but I find it very hard to believe there were no ticketless persons trying to get in. I'm open to learning more about it but not researching it. I'll post whatever I want, whether I look stupid or whatever doesn't matter much to me.
What the court decides doesn't mean it's necessarily 100% true. If that was the case, the previous findings on Hillsborough and countless others trials where it was later proven they got it wrong wouldn't exist. I googled hillsborough ticketless and the [first result](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-merseyside-35473732) says: &gt; He accepted there were "small groups without tickets" looking to "exploit any chance of getting into the ground". Just because I have limited knowledge on this specific event and I'm not willing to research it doesn't mean I'm ignorant.
