Yes, but if you are mad about having insurance then you probably don't understand your insurance.
Decay spam makes ES hit like a wet blanket and fold like a card table during the laning stage and a good Tombstone will reset the CD timing on blink late game.
Beastmaster hawk...
Hrmm, jungle techies sounds terrible. I get that there are bad techies players but there are bad carry players and bad supports and bad offlaners in almost every game too. Techies has three 5 key timings, three of which are critical. Once he gets the first 3, everything else is mind games. * Soul Ring (mana efficiency) * Arcane Boots (mana efficiency + soul ring trick) [shitty roaming techies goes tranquils] * Level 6 (Remote bombs, turns you into lane dominator) * Aghs (more efficiency/ability to participate some in team fights) * Force Staff (main defense against gems)
Well everything can work in the right circumstances but generally TB is god awful in this meta where just about every hero is truly viable.
Sad to see you are downvoted for recognizing the truth. Belief is so often the death of reason.
I just don't think ET gets enough farm as a support and needs to fix his mana issues asap.
All I know is I don't want to be around a cop with a gun drawn regardless of whether I did or didn't do anything wrong. Too many examples of "mistakes" being made to count at this point.
Pets added because fuck you.
Personal Jesus is always supportive of your bigotry.
I think it is the opposite: does your team need magic resistance / channeling help? Glimmer. Otherwise Force Staff.
It is a half joke but yes I do think we take a much keener interest in players who score on us than we otherwise would. * Moses * Willian * Salah * Remy * Costa (I am not sure if a PK counts) * Ba Probably missing a few.
You're trying to retrofit a bad idea (term limits) with an even more questionable idea around politicizing who a politician can talk to.
There are term limits. They come up every two years for Reps and six years for Senators.
Why? These things are always about average play, not most consistent play or length in the competition.
&gt; According to FIFA, 14% of injuries on grass were non-contact-related while the figure rose to 22% on the turf. ... &gt; the NFL’s Injury and Safety Panel presented a study finding that anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries happened 88 percent more often in games played on FieldTurf than in games played on grass. In 2012, the NFL Injury and Safety Panel published an independently funded analysis of actual game data over the 2000-2009 seasons. Their statistically significant findings showed a 67% higher rate of ACL sprains and 31% higher rate of eversion ankle sprains. In other words, the best turf in the world blows out knees and ankles at much higher rates than grass. There isn't a debate about turf to be had here. It is simple about allocating resources to improve the quality of the game which is FIFA's stated mission.
&gt;Edit: but that wasn't my point anyway. My point was that your turf is shitty cheap turf that can't be compared to professional turf. Actually the turf I play on is rated FIFA 2 star but that won't change your view I am sure.
&gt; I don't know what you want. Studies not paid for by organizations selling the product under review and qualitative analysis of high severity injuries relative to grass, with a focus on non-contact injuries, and not just frequency of all injuries regardless of severity.
If you are going to ignore the nuance of what is said then I can't respond to you.
In that case, thank you for your contribution but I think you aren't paying close attention then.
Urn sucks on Invoker.
He got a nice pay raise, he knew the form Dave and Ivanovic were in. It is his job to win the starting role and obviously he believed he could.
I don't think exhaustion is still a good excuse given the number of games he didn't play in.
This is what makes sense to me but I think Mourinho has different ideas. I'd also like to see Remy get more starts next season simply to keep Costa healthy.
I don't see what you are raging against. Tactically we don't use three strikers however Barcelona does use three strikers (and has at least one on the bench--so realistically a team using three strikers actually needs 4-5 for depth). When Remy comes on to the wing for Chelsea, he isn't playing a striker, he is playing an inside forward just like Hazard and Willian, that is to say he isn't leading the line. If we wanted to play like Barcelona we would need a better midfield (and arguably more possession oriented wing backs) to make up for the lack of responsibility our version of N-S-M would have on the defensive side of the ball. We aren't Barcelona so none of that matters. We play one striker, maybe two in desperation time--Barcelona plays three strikers-- not two wingers and a striker as you suggest.
Andy Lee has the best chance to be the first punter to make it into the NFL Hall of Fame. He probably won't because of being a Punter but he might be the best of all time at his position.
I have a 66% techies winrate and went up against a Techies player the other day. Game was easy and ended at 38 minutes. I just got a laugh checking dotabuff as the radiant techies was "laned" in the dire jungle for the first 10 minutes of the game.
Carries who complain never play support or play support badly on purpose to support the idea that they are a carry player.
Dave is not available. Don't even thinking about it.
Jupiter Crash
You guys really don't want Wilshere so you might as well just let him go free.
0.94 goals per 90 minutes.
The two strikers ahead of him have higher than average injury risks and Chelsea plans to compete in four major competitions.
No, /r/politics (among others) was removed because Reddit learned that it was big enough to focus on the lowest common denominator and that people are more likely to return to the site if they only saw information they already agreed with. Like all recent decisions, this is about commercializing Reddit and making it more appetizing to advertisers.
More than /r/libertarian or /r/ancap or /r/socialism or /r/conservative? I think we both know the answer.
And /r/neutralpolitics. I don't really see your point though. /r/politics is simply the biggest mixed audience and doesn't *pretend* to be topically unbiased.
Oh I guess I am starting to understand. Why would you think /r/politics is neutral in a system that rewards popularity?
You used to be able to hover over the dagger and see the range but they disabled that which effectively screwed over the learning curve for all new players.
It seems far more delusional to suggest politicians like Hillary Clinton are leftists.
I can't stand playing with bots. I am sure that mode is effective for some people but it is unplayable in my view (eg there is no fun).
Maybe 20M if Cech is worth 10M?
Exactly. There is a left in the US, some just don't identify their leftist ideas as being leftist.
Well then he loses when his opponents tell the people who stand to lose the most.
He would be worth £50m when he shits the bed next season while wrecking team chemistry and your offers for him will be £20m or less with one year left on his contract.
I would be more concerned with what you don't know, like what extremely unhappy player does to the moral of the rest of your team.
Sounds like a good reason to sell him at £40m.
Exactly this. Paying lip service is nice but not ask effective as walking the walk and encouraging his followers to walk it with him.
Abaddon is a better support than core. Lina is a better core than support.
I was speaking generally. If there are unjust laws, they generally don't just get overturned expeditiously as /u/xadakis somewhat implies. &gt;Breaking the law, and endangering lives in the service of attention for your cause is not reasonable. He didn't endanger anyone and breaking the law is what Rosa Parks did so there are indeed times one should break the law in protest. It isn't as black and white as you suggest, though this man is no Rosa Parks. The point is your logic is flawed.
I don't recall calling the FAA regulations unjust but I haven't studied them either.
Ok, well you misinterpreted.
I don't know, any emphasis on 'racial integrity' seems pretty fucked up.
I am truly disappointed for Kitchen as I think he deserves a chance to earn the Kyle Beckerman position. Hamid would have been on the bench the entire tournament so it isn't necessarily a snub. On the upside this allows Kitchen and Hamid to focus on winning the league which is the most important thing.
None of your examples have fought successful campaigns with light arms versus modern hardware. ISIS loses literally every battle the US provides modest air support to the Kurds.
Obviously I am joking a bit but we really aren't as exceptional as we'd like to believe ourselves to be. A severe economic downturn, a cutoff from the food supply due to weather, a significant terrorist event, an oil crisis, a destructive malware attack... these are not unrealistic.
The uneducated don't support liberty as they don't know what it is or means.
None of those examples are total war (which civil wars tend to bend towards) and you are dismissing the impact of (lack of) air support in all those conflicts or particular events.
Dark Seer you kind of should know if you are getting a melee enemy carry so you can effectively disrupt early game farm.
Sharks are attacking people because their feeding grounds are shrinking due to climate change and over fishing; both are human caused issues.
Yeah but he'll still be worth it with good management.
Maybe you've heard of John Taylor?
I don't think that example is very good because 50 cs / 10 min should still be a target as a contested mid. It probably should just make it more clear you were heavily harassed.
Wasn't this his first role since his Opera meltdown? That's what also made it kind of perfect.
And when you get e. coli from imported but unlabeled German bean sprouts where will your smugness be? http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/06/world/europe/06germany.html
Keys to the Hero: * Broadly known as an "anti-carry" due to Static Link removing damage from enemies and giving it to you along with Unstable Current slowing and doing damage briefly to anyone attacking you. This allows you to stand toe to toe with most enemies without issue most of the game. * Razor is a good hero against melee heroes, especially in 1v1 lanes as static link and early boots will win you the lane. Also good against ranged heroes but you become more reliant on Plasma Field and controlling runes for mana. * Static Link gives you damage even if you've drained it all the attack damage from your enemy so keep it going for as long as possible. You can also drain enemy illusions so feel free to go for a max Link off them. * Static link and Eye of the Storm both work if Razor goes invisible *after* using these skills. I don't recommend shadow blade but if you bottle an invis rune it can be quite fun. * Static Link and Eye of the Storm pierce magic immunity so don't give any fucks about BKB or Omniknight repel. * Plasma Field is your main nuke and is used to bully your enemies out of lane as well as speed up your farm. The energy field does damage twice, once out and once back with max damage when fully extended. Ergo, the key is to hit your enemies when it is max distance which becomes second nature once you get used to it. Bonus (gold) for farming creeps at the same time. * You tend to get all your skills off very quickly so Razor does exceptionally well against silence in all phases of the game. * The ultimate (w/o Aghs) targets the lowest health enemy in range and while the damage is important, don't underestimate the -1 armor per hit versus enemy heroes. * Razor is one of the few heroes in the game that can use a Refresher to double ultimate which is awe-inspiring and strikes fear into all who oppose you. * Eye of the Storm when upgraded by Aghs targets towers and barracks over creeps and enemies which melts these objectives. * Unstable Current will proc immediately when Spirit Breaker charges you so if you are paying attention you will almost never get a surprise charge. Skills: * Value point in Static Link which is good for level 1 rune fights. * Max Eye of the Storm (Ult) and Plasma Field when possible * At least one value point in Unstable Current by level 4. Likely prioritize Static Link over Unstable Current. Item Builds: * There are two main ways to play Razor and it doesn't change too much depending on the lane you are in (the main difference likely is you won't need a bottle in the safelane). (1) Race car or (2) Pushing * Race car (or fighting) Razor for me is the standard build as it synergizes best with your kit which is positioning (but not blink) reliant. Both Plasma Field and Static Link require you to stay at a certain range from your enemy so being faster than your opposition is helpful. This means Phase Boots over Treads. Aquila is an efficient first item but maybe drums if there is a lot of nukes for the early ehp and MS. Yasha minimally to accelerate your MS and farm with situational consideration into S&amp;Y or Manta . Hint: the slow from Sange is nice when static linking, the Manta is good to shed debuffs and to push a bit harder. Get BKB if needed followed by Butterfly (against right click) or Heart (against magic/burst spam). * The more gimmicky build (imo) is the pushing build. Probably get Aquila and Treads in this strategy. A lot of pros will get Mekanism which certainly is useful at a good timing window. At this point you really have to decide if you are committed to this strategy and if you are then you get Aghs and Refresher though this can weigh your team down until each item gets completed. BKB if necessary at any point. With Aghs and two ults going, you can take objectives very very quickly and basically no one can stop you or want to push into you. If they try, just static link them and right click them to death. Repeat every 60 seconds until game is over. * Other items for consideration: Desolator is a great win more/faster item for either build. Halbert is an excellent choice if the game is hard and you need to deal with right-clicks from an enemy like Ursa who can burst through Static Link though Blademail works better in some situations. Assault Cuirass is also a very good item some games since it fits his playstyle in either race car or push mode. MKB or Daedalus are also pretty standard items to get if Static Link isn't providing the damage your team needs though Razor isn't optimized to be a true scaling carry. Lastly I will mention Diffusal Blade which now is very useful in getting off max damage Static Links and is a great counter to Omniknight ult.
As long as he game manages and the defense carries him, I definitely think it is possible. If the game has to be put on Alex Smith's arm, it ain't gonna happen.
He falls off a lot less hard these days with the new creep auras and new Chen ability to split push with his creeps. But yes, he falls off. I am not a pro-Chen player but typically if you aren't get harassed in the jungle during laning you will create enough space that your team can snowball and advantage. Plus it is never a game where no wards are being bought because the supports are too poor.
And here I though our central midfield situation was far worse.
Look, if you think playoffs change captain checkdown into a Joe Montana superhero, I ain't gonna stop you. I just am more than happy to take the other side of that bet. The reality to me is Alex Smith's success is contingent on the defense generating turnovers and good field position and to a lesser extent the offensive line talent... most of which he ultimately wastes but field goals do add up. Yes, he had to throw deep in these playoffs games to stay in the game and to an extent it payed off. I just wouldn't bet my Super Bowl hopes on it if i was the Chiefs. Hope the defense stays strong in pass defense and let West and Ware run down the clock. The moment Alex Smith has the win the game with his arm is the moment the Chiefs go off script.
Enigma is a worse ganker and is reliant on a skill with a very long cool down for relevancy which makes it harder to apply consistent pressure. Engima also can't split push as safely. That's the trade off but certainly both can work.
The first four people who instantly picks cores and then start acting like entitled children demanding the fifth player to pick the support of their choosing... and then when that doesn't happen start saying "gg" and "report &lt;fifth player&gt;". If you want a support, pick a goddamn support. Don't pick what you want and then attempt to takeaway other's right to choose their own hero.
Yeah but the police aren't being paid overtime. The lawyers haven't collected their fee. The politicians don't get a chance to receive ~~bribes~~ campaign donations from both sides, etc.
I don't mind paying for good staff, but it seems to me more than a few players are being overpaid. If this was Football Manager (it isn't), it time to slash and burn underperforming, highly paid players older than 28 and sell or loan (for full wages) off the hot prospects who aren't performing or playing respectively. The savings need to be rolled into new talent for next season.
Ivanovic has always been the weak link in the defense even when we weren't giving up goals. It has just become more apparent because of some ridiculous misplays that have led to goals in the last 12 months. Hell, Salah scoring on us that led us to buying him was a clear exploit of Ivanovic. This shit isn't new information
Hero fantasies get me so hot and bothered.
He turned up in the place Pedro should have been.
Blehs
https://www.opensecrets.org/overview/sectors.php
There is a direct link between the Orthodox Russian Church and Putin's position on gay rights.
Pick TA, Pugna, Nyx, Pudge. Win game.
A parameter could be that they will start on a particular start date. Doesn't mean they are the objective best, just the best within your parameters.
Look we both agree you are very confused.
When I was new and playing slark like 2 years ago I used to build soul ring. I still think it is a decent item on him because even when you tread switch you run out of mana a lot if you are having a really active early game. The main problem is it is 850 gold that could have gone to shadowblade or blink.
I am not disagreeing, I am just saying uncoordinated pubs are largely uncoordinated except at the highest mmrs and most of the time you can play around the small amount of coordination that grows over the course of a game.
Patience.
Also a much different player...
Both incoming moves are so low risk I don't know how you can call either awful. Outgoing... I will miss Ramires but the money was too good to pass.
So he is 94th percentile instead of 98th? That changes everything!
I was assuming those types of controls were already being circumvented. The reason this guy was caught was through statistical analysis by other players. However if the name wasn't the same then the pattern would be much harder to detect.
I don't know about 'we' but you clearly have negative feelings towards a group you've labeled 'leftists'.
Why are you trying to hard to avoid being direct all of a sudden? I actually appreciated when you owned your hatred of leftists.
The run game suffered as well due the offensive line so we couldn't use the running game to set up the pass either.
We were the worst in run blocking and the 2nd to worst in pass protection. What delusion are you referencing? http://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/ol
Chelsea pocketing that £1M profit for 1.5 years of service.
Well despite my flair I am a Chelsea fan and Terry's form is questionable. The real value right now is his on the field leading since he isn't providing consistent world class play. I'm not suggesting Cahill is shit but we all know he's a 30 year old that never became world class. There is a tiny opening in the short term for Miazga especially if he looks good in practice and gets a chance in cup game. Definitely not wishing for injuries but that could bring opportunity as well.
It does help when they overextend and start at half health. Agreed. Also 8k player (that true?)
There was a thread of over 60 replies, many of which appear to have been tampered with as well.
the moderators have been stealth deleting any posts critical of Islam on that thread.
I completely agree that the meta is only important in super high mmr. The only reason Slark is strong in 3k games is people don't know how to play around him or counter pick and occasionally an allied support is bright enough to de-ward based on Slark's ult. Slark counters: * Puck (silence/escape/nuke) * Anti-Mage (escape/mana burn) * QoP (escape/nuke) * Doom (doom) * Tiny (nuke/craggy) * Bloodseeker (silence/thirst) * Lina/Lion (stun/nuke) * Timbersaw (escape/aoe nuke) * Riki (silence/escape) * Pugna (aoe nuke/ward/semi-escape)
Blink bkb
Please, enlighten those who are curious instead of withholding your precious secrets.
Honestly, to get players fit for 90 minutes you play them for 90 minutes or as close as you can.
If you look at the stats, the team attacked down the right when DeLeon was on the left. The problem that arose was from this conscious or unconscious decision is that Neagle had like a 40ish pass complete rate so it made no sense at all.
I think he was moved to the wing due to injuries there.
Kenedy, bless his heart, is an engine without a purpose. We all love his energy but it needs efficiency and focus.
The goal analysis aside, I think you missed all the big trends that led to failure: 1. Forcing the ball down Neagle's side which happens to the be the right side despite what the starting XI looked like. This worked in the first half but failed in the second. 2. The Marcelo and Jeffery pairing was anemic in both defense and attack. The Sounders played through the middle all game and both had poor vision passing forward. We were dominated in the midfield and didn't adjust until Neagle came off and we temporarily moved to a 433 and by then it was too late. 3. Acosta and Espindola lack chemistry. Both want to play deep, and both want to be individually selfish. No striker pairing finds success with that mentality. 4. I think it worth re-emphasizing how bad Espindola has been playing. He is old, slow, and unable to adjust to the realities of his physical limitations. The one moment you want him to selfishly take on a player in the box, he gets cold feet and passes backwards and the play ends.
The Pope proposed tribunals a year ago and now has backed off for a policy that is arguably the same policy. Inaction to look like action.
If you are an outside observer, this is clearly an effort to commit no further effort and certainly falls well short of what Pope Francis proposed a year ago to much fanfare. If anything, it looks like a classic delay tactic to keep justice from being served. It would be unconscionable for any secular organization to behave in this way.
Who on earth thinks "grave reasons" are somehow worse than child molestation and rape? Whoever they are, those people are unfit to be church or morality leaders, and they aren't even the ones who committed these horrible acts.
That's why he needs his Eul's
The point is this is all window dressing because this authority already existed and continues to fall short of the tribunals that Pope Francis proposed a year ago. Maybe in another 40 years when all the perps and most of the victims are dead something concrete will be done?
I guess couldn't hide it... for the last two summer windows. :(
&gt; And now there will be no excuse for the Church to not enforce the law There has been 40 years of excuses. Of course a new one will appear and if that one is wiped away another will arise. That's why the tribunal proposal was so intriguing. It would have wiped all the excuses away in one fell swoop. Unfortunately the Catholic hierarchy is more powerful than the Pope. In the meantime, we remain in the status quo while the perpetrators remain in positions of power to prevent the prosecution of themselves.
Because a dedicated tribunal has independent prosecutorial power shielded from the interference of the dioceses with the worldwide authority to compel appearances would be only accountable to the pope. The only question would be whether the pope would preside over a corrupt tribunal or not. Btw all this talk about vague laws excusing injustice and basic human responsibility just reminds me how insane it is these religious institutions continue to exist. Any misdeeds can be rationalized if 'faith' overrides everything else.
Seems like a bad case of false equivalency to me. Rape isn't a vague legal concept that you wish it to be.
You are honestly patting yourself on the back declaring you made a good point because systemic, widespread cover ups of rape in your mind is as ambiguous as legally made IP transfers? Like I said before, if you can "believe" in one thing without evidence, you are easily led to believe anything without evidence. And then you have the gall to argue that if the Catholic church is as corrupt as it is, then every other organization is just as corrupt. Which of course is patently untrue. The difference being of course that rule of law endures everywhere but where evil shields itself by wearing frocks. You are truly off your rocker.
You miss all the omnislashes you don't take.
It is only when certain government programs are initiated that make that appearance seem real.
Not one loan to DCU while he could do that unilaterally.
But she was condemned for loving too much!
In my Football Manager save Youri Tielemans became the best footballer in the world... as a striker.
Hazard is not a 442 midfielder so are we replacing him in your mind? edit: downvotes from people who don't acknowledge reality.
I want Anthony Davis to come back as I think we need the depth and completely agree with the coaches that he needs to re-earn his place should he return. I also think he should be given back his signing bonus if he hits any reasonable incentives along the way, such as playing 60% of offensive snaps. Both sides should find an acceptable middle ground to move forward. That said, I think he should also retire from twitter no matter what happens. He just isn't good at it and it is harming his reputation.
[I am Nostradamus](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4mzf88/team_empire_vs_team_secret_post_match_discussion/d3zrkym?context=3)
DAE think extroverts are demonized by those loudmouthed introverts always stirring up reality TV-style drama? upvotes plz
Any decent riki will be a prepared for a warding war and aggressively win it.
Undying is still a decent hero, he just can no longer solo offlane. He needs a ranged ally with a reliable disable now.
At the same time, no 2k is decent at countering riki. I still think of Riki has a 2k pub stomper but perhaps that has changed. I have a 80% winrate with him since his ult change.
As much as Gawker is hate-worthy, I am not sure I am comfortable entering an era where billionaires get to shut down media based on a personal vendetta.
I know the truth in this matter is unpopular on reddit but what happened was Hogan, a married public figure, slept with someone not his wife and Gawker published evidence via a sex tape (that showed a male organ). Hogan sued in Federal court and lost. He then venue shopped to Florida state court (I imagine this is when the billionaire money appeared) and got an injunction to take it down. Gawker took down the video but linked to a mirrored version and got a stay on appeal and even won on the grounds of "prior restraint". However instead of dismissing the case at that point, the judge allowed it to go to trial. At that point it was a case of who does 6 jurors like more, Gawker, an internet rag, or a beloved wrestling super star in Hogan? Of course, not understanding juries decide on likeability, an idiot Gawker executive said to the jury child porn is situationally of public interest which was as stupid as one can be. Jury decided against Gawker and now we are here.
No news sub is going to be able to compete with a default sub called /r/news. This idea of creating competing subs has thousands of examples of failures and examples of successes that can be counted on one hand. The network effect is too strong for this to be a viable option. What needs to happen is periodic review and refreshes of default sub moderators but the admins have no interest or incentives in going that route since the moderator labor is currently free with almost no administrative oversight costs.
Just came here to point out Brazil's crappy B team can't find a place for Oscar.
As is "hate speech". We live in a world were acknowledging reality is characterized as "Islamaphobia".
It is cuilrunnings, he's never going to accept evidence that doesn't comport with his reactionary worldview.
Fundamentally, this whole /r/news kerfuffle is about acknowledging and establishing the link between the shooter and Islam. A link the shooter himself went out of his way to communicate to authorities (unless you don't believe either the shooter was telling the truth or the authorities are not which is a far more conspiratorial view given what we currently know). At least some of the mods of /r/news took the position (in real time) that acknowledging this incontrovertible fact was worthy of censorship.
I am literally not wrong. You continue to be a right wing reactionary.
Elaborate
I hadn't realized Obama was proposing stripping police and the military of firearms. Even countries with firearm bans don't go that far. Source? Or perhaps you are being a little hyperbolic? ;) I would have accepted a low tax argument though. But I think you'd fine significant percentages of Democrats still want improved services over minimal taxes.
Hah, well they both need to improve dramatically. Willian was good at the beginning of the season but he has two moves and most defenders are smart enough to game-plan. Oscar on the other hand just becomes invisible for 15-20 minutes at a time and that is also unacceptable.
Full disclosure I think all religion is outdated and a net harm to society (if you can believe one thing without evidence, you normalize believing anything without evidence). That said, Christianity went through significant reformations that have made extremism broadly unpalatable. But yes, I do agree we are talking about religious extremism but it just so happens that the most high profile cases of religious extremism appear to be originating or connected to one particular world religion. We can't ignore that.
Yes, I think it would be responsible for the leaders (be so as they may) in those areas to respond to the allegations. The evidence on this particular shooter suggests he was significantly driven by his religious beliefs. If he said a custody battle or Doom 4 made this the inevitable outcome, I would expect a response from those authorities, especially if it fit into a larger well-documented pattern of behavior by others in similar socio-economic statuses. We done now?
Decreeing that people shall not wear clothes of two types of fabrics, eat shellfish, and allowing for slavery seems to suggest Christianity is a buffet religion. Are you sure the KKK isn't reading the part of the Bible you are ignoring and vice versa?
The problem is the entire right is infected with a malignant regressive disease of its own. The left is at least running around with some white blood cells fighting the good fight.
Either quote the whole thing or look see my [re-write here](https://www.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/4nwkqv/probably_not_a_surprise_to_most_but_rislam_is/d484unt). It certainly isn't aimed at Muslims alone. I aimed it at all groups where people are committing heinous acts in said groups name. If your leaders are lying to you, there is likely something wrong under the hood.
It is already starting that he "couldn't be a Muslim because he was gay". Which of course is a complete misunderstanding of the human condition.
It provides counter-factual narrative to the big lie being perpetrated that he isn't a "real Muslim".
Did I offend your delicate sensibilities with the incontrovertible truth?
&gt;Most people don't really want gun control, This is a huge lie. Most Americans want gun control. Most gun owners also want gun control when you ask specific questions like about background checks, locking guns, cooling off periods, closing the gun show and internet loopholes. But if you ask a generic question about gun control then they are against it. http://www.pollingreport.com/guns.htm http://www.pewresearch.org/data-trend/domestic-issues/gun-control/ http://dailycaller.com/2015/10/19/majority-of-americans-want-stricter-gun-control-for-first-time-in-years/
I am sorry but there is a long history of discussing radicalized Christianity in this country from the KKK to abortion clinic bombings to Westboro Baptists. Islam doesn't get a pass.
There aren't enough facts to assume any of that. For all we know the guard missed the shooter and shot an innocent party.
Except techies takes skill to win your lane.
I showed my work in my other reply and causalities encompasses injuries not just deaths.
I am not expecting any changes, I am simply documenting deleted posts on /r/undelete. Where do you think you are? I also don't understand the accusation of racism. Islam is not a race. Are you sure you know what is going on?
You have made it clear 3 or 4 times now that your repudiate your perception of my lifestyle. That I am immoral and causing real harm and you are self-anointed to bring Internet justice. I, of course, have a different view, one where you are defending censorship, where you are being an apologist for terror, where you are an emotional unstable person who seriously needs professional help. Where do we go from here? Are you going to threaten me? Are you damning me to hell? What is it you want at this point?
You are certainly stalking me at this point. Where exactly do you anticipate taking this aggressive action on your part?
Those words are good and all but what specifically are you doing to prevent Islamic terrorism if your strategy is to deny it exists in a statistically significant way?
Is there a reason to get the mods or admins involved?
I have trolled no one but we both know you think I am trolling and you are trying to troll me back I guess. That's your choice to be a troll and no one else's (while of course denouncing me for being a troll which is ironic).
Yes, I do think I am starting to need witnesses.
Yes, there are lots of risk management things people do to remain alive in an unforgiving world. That doesn't mean we turn a blind eye to a world-wide phenomena of young Muslim men and sometimes women killing as many innocent people as possible on their way out of this world. If this were Jews or blonde haired people doing the murdering, the response would be exactly the same.
The root cause can be a combination of factors. Trying to just blame one factor is counter-productive when removing other factors probably would have relieved the pressure.
The only thing that is telling to me is that there was no prenup in a marriage that the parties brought together vastly different valuations of assets. That made a messy divorce practically the only viable outcome due to the incentives model. The kids hating her is also a leading indicator.
You keep using a word that you clearly don't understand. It is emblematic of many other things you say that are not tethered to reality.
Besides breaking up the sausage party (which I am for), how many people can honestly say Sheever would have improved the production of Manila?
PSA: /r/learndota2 isn't arguing your 5k mmr strats apply to 2k mmr noobs with completely different timing windows and team behaviors.
&gt; Eat the big one first, kill the small creeps second. FTFY
But they make up for it by accepting more foreign student transfers at the cost of local students... or something.
Technically you don't need a number 3 in this scheme.
You are comparing a political system to an economic system. Just one of those base reasons you are perpetually confused.
After the even bigger tragedy of moving it to Friday nights.
Unfortunately the regressive left won't even let us talk about the killers religion as a cause without (reflexively/inaccurately) calling us "racists".
/s
Is the libertarian going to fight to stop it?
Human beings are generally capable independent critical thinkers if their head isn't filled only with rote learning during development.
Valve employees choose to work on what they want and they clearly don't want to work on boring things like getting a website to properly function. The system works perfectly as intended.
I don't understand why you are removing all the nuance around matricing threat indicators especially when the one specific one we are talking about is teaching hate. It isn't even Islam or religion we are talking about. It is joining/participating in groups and trusting leaders who teach and incite intolerance. Combine that with other factors (ex. reported to the FBI for hate speech, purchased semi-automatic rifles with large ammo capacities, allegations of domestic violence, recent changes in marital status, postings on social media) and the field narrows. We can work on each of these issues in parallel, but if religious organizations are not shamed about their teaching of intolerance then we are not holistically addressing the problem.
"Play LC in a lane for the first 8 minutes of the game"
It is worth factoring in with time-based probability but that doesn't change the trends.
Do the math yourself (I did). Deaths+injuries = casualties https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_the_United_States#2010.E2.80.93present
The good kind?
How did the 16 year old play?
If only there was some trust in the voting systems we use.
Ban Axe
Libertarians are immune to their own contradictions. It's like poisonous snakes biting themselves.
They'd think that I'd finally lost it completely.
Meanwhile you are entrenched in a ward battle while supports are constantly rotating on you while your regen is out.
Not to say I don't respect the plight of anyone truly committed to the support role but I highly doubt you've been making the smartest decisions with warding and de-warding if no vision is up.
AM: "WE NEED TO GROUP UP AND FIGHT AS A TEAM" AM: Proceeds to blink away to farm jungle.
Lukaku: According to reddit the worst striker in history to ever score goals every other game in a top league.
I agree, politicians, like judges, should be paid a wage large enough to de-incentivise corruption. Unfortunately, like all wages, their pay has not kept up with inflation the last 40 years.
There are always exceptions but you don't bet the franchise on it.
In my hero fantasy it is very realistic. Followed by a very classy orgy focused solely on my gratification.
In any case we can agree a 10 year old didn't pick her own advisers.
Most experts don't think the solar and wind numbers are crunching to do that just yet. Which means we will be pumping more carbon into the atmosphere with cheap natural gas instead.
It is arguably a key item when you are facing farmed illusion/summons heroes but you still need damage first and preferably a battlefury.
As a Clinkz player, Nightstalker is my nightmare with his single target silence and slow. As a carry, I hate to face Chaos Knight. CK forces an Orchid or basically I have no idea which illusion to focus. Other than that, BB, Zeus, SK, and Spirit Breaker specifically can all make life miserable. Lastly, as a pocket counter pick, Techies will kill my ability to farm and split push alone and buying a gem cuts both ways.
Don't admit that too loudly or the masses will hate you for not respecting their choice to be an unwitting marketing vector for mostly free advertising.
It is a "guilty pleasure" type show. Lots of calories and no nutrition but everyone likes cake and ice cream from time to time.
Hamid is just coming off injury but yes, let's hope.
Some other carry will likely yell at this support in another game and the salt mines will open again.
Level 5 w/ most towers gone, no ability to farm or split push. Seems good.
I feel like there should be an /r/outoftheloop on this.
That and it isn't particularly hard to soften the impact of this system at the higher end of the "mmr" curve.
The Tim McLean killer is back on the streets as of last year. WTF
You're correct, BH does counter Clinkz to an extent but the point is he isn't a hard counter in the traditional sense.
Meanwhile if you just tped in and ulted you would have killed 2 people instantly, killed another running away and denied the tower. Instead you get 250 more gold and the enemy team gets 4 kills and two towers.
Well it sounds like nothing makes it better and doing anything makes people tilt more.
My quick description of techies is that his role is to Broodmother. He plays in the offlane, his job is to wear down his opponents and the tower, his mines can solo anyone and if he wins his lane he can take all the towers in the lane with ease. Also like brood if shit is bad he has to decide how much commitment he has to a particular lane and when he should roam. Unlike brood he probably can't take rax alone though (until late game).
Football still makes the (empty) promise of half million dollar minimum salaries while MLS offers middle class minimum salaries.
Have your shit stolen and vandalized the next day
Because they did a ton of work to get gold flowing in their direction. Instead lazy people, evidenced on this thread, think doing nothing and 'rushing' a big item is their job on a support.
It wasn't that government is generally bad, it was that THIS [fictional] government deserves to be destroyed. There would be no story otherwise...
&gt;A pardon is an admission of criminal guilt. *Burdick v. United States* (1915) suggests you are correct but in practical reality it doesn't.
Treason suggests man is a higher authority than the Constitution. Is that what you are saying? Because what he revealed was that the government was circumventing the Constitution and in fact has since made reforms to no longer be extra-Constitutional.
That's the real story. If Obama pardons Snowden it actually means Obama was complicit in the law being broken in the first place.
Because partisan stands for party. Third parties are parties.
I switched over to Vulcan like two weeks ago and now my FPS is hard-capped at 60 fps when before I would get 100+ FPS at times. Anybody know what is up with that?
Uh, Terry? The real problem is Terry and Cahill are too slow, Zouma won't be full strength for the first half of the season and Hazard doesn't fit the system.
The joke is he wasn't buying wards anyway.
But remember, /r/politics is overrun with libtards and conservatives don't get fair treatment. /s
That seems like a perpendicular point. Where do you think security money comes from if not from Congressional appropriation? Be specific.
The real problem with Batrider at low (average) mmr is your team is unable to play around your ult.
kremlin kuck
I don't know when it started but I hadn't heard of it until the Yorks took over and have been a fan since the 1980s.
Well using doublespeak suggests he was trying to be subtle even if he failed.
So you are dismissing views by labeling the authors conspiracy theorists? I rest my case.
Deceptive news can predictably lead to criminal outcomes though. Look at the repercussions of pizzagate. A man walked into a restaurant with a gun expecting to find raped children in a basement. That should never happen. Fake news is quickly gets into the realm of public safety.
This sub is controlled by the alt-right and T_D now. It is pathetic.
I mean, people do complain about Tinker stalling games... I am pretty sure he is considered one of the more annoying heroes. But he's ability to extend games between 6.89 and 7.00 didn't change much. I would also bet great sums of money the typical range of Tinker game lengths is measurably less than the typical range of Techie game lengths. Meaning Tinker games end around the 44 minute average while most Techie games end much earlier or much later than his 47 minute game average.
If you report people for no reason you tend to be out of reports when there is a reason to use one.
Add Joe Staley and Vance McDonald to the offense. Staley should be above injury prone Hyde. McDonald should have a maybe though factually we signed him long term. Add Bowen and Bellore to defense as inside linebackers at least above Lynch.
I saw this article in Google News. Congrats!
Embarrassed Republicans, T_D trolls, alt-right salesman and Russian propagandists all seem to be swirling around this subreddit.
Nobody honest thinks hate is one-way but my unpopular view (for this sub) is that a lot of people overreact disproportionately and play up a narrative of racism against whites.
So does business. And business has money.
I wanted more of her to be honest.
Because the loudest self-proclaimed libertarians will prioritize fiscal issues such as tax cuts over any social policy. They will go as far as to declare left-leaning libertarians not "true" libertarians. This sub fully represents that view as well despite there being a smattering of "socialist libertarians" here. Further, you will also notice this sub every election cycle in the pocket of Republicans no matter how anti-libertarian their stances are. It may be that they are easily captured by outsiders due to the lax mod policy but I think there is a great deal of disdain for Democrats and sympathy for Republicans generally within the libertarian culture.
The scandals get coverage but there is no accountability and the next 3am tweet steals the next news cycle.
Proof speed is overrated at wing back and crosses/positioning matter more.
Thought maybe there was something off camera the commentators could see.
Is there any continuity in what you say? You literally claim to have grace and then the next post deny it. Why post at all if you must lie to yourself and others? But seriously, prior to this post calling you a proven liar (which is factually true) why did you claim to be a bashed victim? How were you victimized? Seems to me you were attacking a person for speaking her mind and I guess expect a free pass for yourself?
Yes, ACA was always consider a compromise short of single payer to avoid opposition from insurance companies.
That is another non-answer since his internet wasn't cut off when it is alleged he published Russian hacked information meant to influence the US election.
Be specific with your answer. What date did Julian Assange relinquished control of Wikileaks and to whom?
He has denied Russian involvement (before sort of admitting it) many, many times. Yet not once has he denied he tried to write off a donation to NAMBLA.
The standard for high crimes and misdemeanors is political, not criminal.
They are both training people not to think critically. Both are net harmful and both employ similar tactics, but sure, Scientology is more ruthless at this point in their history. Not sure that matter much since both are hollow lies at their core.
Well you would be wrong but you've definitely twisted yourself into being a victim. The real point here is that all religions are false thus each fictional religion claiming superiority is an exercise in futility. Especially when your preferred religion has such a terrible history itself.
Well there isn't any other way to project PA (without cheating) so sure factor it in but they could be wrong. Just make sure you have 100% scouting knowledge and have at eyeballed their key stats to similiar players.
&gt; From what I've noticed, some people think cores should suck them off just because they picked support. Since dick sucking isn't physically possible over the internet (yet), how does that manifest? Being treated with respect isn't exactly a high bar of expectation. Meanwhile it is fairly consistent for cores to expect the solo support to follow them around like a puppy all game, warding, healing and saving them while taking no farm and xp. But that can't be done for all at all points in the game and if attempted typically leads to missed timings that would otherwise have a bigger impact on winning the game.
I am not sure I follow. I never said it was hard to shine as a support. I am saying you get treated poorly by your teammates if you don't provide the perception they are special snowflakes who deserve your full doting attention. Supports need full map and team awareness, have to balance all the equities, generally sacrificing themselves for the greater good, do it all with less resources and around 45 minutes rapidly approach irrelevancy, if behind. That's a work horse in any skill bracket. Lazy, static, single-minded play is not what makes a good support.
That's not a talent tree question though which is a permanent decision that has a bigger opportunity-cost associated.
How come you didn't list authoritarian statist Trump who this sub supported full throated into the election?
&gt; Seems to me that in order for one to enter Heaven one must have faith in Jesus as Savior, and the emphasis seems to be on having faith based belief, without proof. If God were to reveal himself repeatedly that would ruin the point. Seems like an arbitrary and divisive requirement with far more practical explanations originating in places other than divinity.
It sounds like we need Congress to investigate to know whether the reports can be substantiated. You don't investigate things you've never heard about, do you?
Try curling up into a ball until you disappear.
How can someone write an article like that and not include a relevant picture. FFS
It only matters if he cares about re-election otherwise he doesn't have to give a shit about anything unless Congress acts which seems improbable. Anything blatantly unconstitutional will be tied up in the courts until after his term expires.
Unless the executive or Congress takes action nothing will happen.
Meanwhile it is your fault you didn't place the wards in places that would protect them from their terrible decision making.
Easy enough to fix it for public and pro personalities with some creative coding.
If you look at the words you were seeing versus the words you were saying, the people you play with are a lot nicer in the public chat. Only you know how you really have been behaving to your teammates but this is the evidence we have access to. You could likely reign it in a lot more than you currently think.
Public toxicity is a leading indicator none-the-less.
So working as intended?
That is damning if true
Proof system is working as intended?
Sometimes self-perception is not congruent with other people's perception. There are few feedback loops to calibrate these differing perceptions but strangely enough the Reddit's voting and Dota2 report system might be two of them.
Perhaps mitigated by non-party commends in the same games they were reported, or spread out across the 25 games instead of consecutive reports across a fewer games. Probably some other potential scenarios that could affect it as well.
And the cores probably had a iron branch in their inventory rather than carrying dust to help themselves.
Sounds good though I've noticed Nyx, especially with his ult maxed, often dips quickly in-and-out of sentry range so dust is critical if you are to be proactive.
I hope you take a break for a day or five from both reddit and Dota. Could do you a world of good.
Sure, I'll need a living wage, healthcare, and retirement with 401k matching.
Patch them up by taking over the command and control servers if possible.
It isn't even his defending, it is physical weakness. He just gets pushed around. He has had two years at Chelsea to bulk up and hasn't. I am sure he'll do well in a less physical league.
I think you only think there was a new wave of atheism a "few years" ago because that's when *you* became aware. The trend towards atheism hasn't spiked, it has long been trending upward. Evidence on second chart: http://www.gallup.com/poll/1690/religion.aspx
Sure I am 6k mmr and measurably better than 99.99% of all Dota2 players but I don't believe in myself so I choose to be a (someone else's) little bitch all my life.
There is no question Comey is one of the top 5 people directly responsible for Trump becoming president.
Steve Bannon is the most senior advisor in the Trump White House and he is established as the largest promoter of the alt-right. There is no liberal conspiracy/broad brush, there is a literal and entirely volunteer connection between the alt-right and Trump. PS: Bannon wrote Trump's divisive inauguration acceptance speech.
Supporting the murder of citizens for not being an eminent threat (running from police or not paying child support) is not compatible with conservatism which believes in due process and limited government. Rather, what is being agreed upon is support for authoritarianism and big government which is antithetical to conservatism.
The ironic thing is /r/undelete is now a forum to give the alt-right/white nationalists a platform to complain incessantly that their hate isn't being heard. The mods seem to have signaled they are on board with it.
They *always* try to have it both ways. These are same folks that think the alt-right would dominate /r/politics if it wasn't for cabal of "mods and super users" keeping their popular speech from the front page. They simply can't believe Trump and Bannon's alt-right politics are unpopular with most people who participate in /r/politics.
Trump hired the face of the alt-right Steve Bannon as his senior adviser. There is no daylight between Trump and the alt-right.
&gt;The video you keep bashing is incredibly hard to refute BTW, I looked up your youtube commenter. OMG you picked a buffoon. Not only are you up Bannon's alt-right ass, you are promoting Stefan Molyneux as your god and savior. WTF is wrong with you? You have serious issues with reality. The guy uses the DMCA to censor people and believes in some of the craziest shit I've ever heard. Even his wife is a insane person.
Why are you defending a well documented crackpot? Even Joe Rogan laughs in this crazy person's face. Maybe you identify with that type of insanity?
Ever wonder why you are constantly being compared to nazis? You really believe it is just your name?
Is there any amount of evidence that could change your mind?
Also worth noting Joe Looney played in all 16 Cowboys games (starting 3) this year and this offensive line is widely considered the best in the business.
I know you live in your own reality where but for those who live in objective reality: &gt;**Only 45% of Americans approve of Trump's job performance** over the first three days of his presidency, according to a Gallup survey released Monday. It's the first time a president has received an initial approval rating under 50% in the history of the poll, which dates back to Dwight Eisenhower's first term in 1953. &gt;Another 45% of Americans disapproved of Trump's performance — also the highest initial rating in the poll's history. The last 10% had not yet formed an opinion. https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/01/24/trump-just-got-his-first-approval-rating-as-president-and-its/21661230/
Trump lost the popular vote by 3M people.
So you don't recognize basic democratic principles? Authoritarians like yourself never surprise me when you have to reveal your true character.
Except in this case a vote in CA is mathematically worth less than a vote in PA. You are wrong and anti-democratic.
Trump has disdain for most of the great traditions in this country, like releasing his taxes, I don't expect "rules" to hold him back either if he thinks he can get away with it.
No one is arguing about whether rules matter. The point is no one can change the rules if they did disagree with them. Further, these aren't the rules of chess in that they are balanced for both sides. In this game, black gets extra moves because votes in rural areas are worth far more than votes in the job creating parts of the country. PS: Trump could fix the education system (but we both know he will fail and make things worse) but there is no hope for you in either case.
I am not enduring deep poverty and hardship. Hard to know what I would do if things were not the way they are.
Even if you have, your brethren certainly were not.
The social safety net, which I assume you oppose, prevents that from happening in most cases. In extreme cases that somehow don't abide by social norms, I would hope you would notify law enforcement and social services.
Sure, suck in your stomach and look in your pants.
I imagine you think you are being constructive while defending anti-democratic values.
Yes, the rules diminish the vote of the the job creating, innovative, educated parts of the country whose state goverments aren't inept.
Proto-fascists don't follow rules that get in their way. The pattern is already established, the die is already cast and Russia will support. The man and his supporters have made it clear their disdain for democracy.
Faster than a bank that can make a decision and instantly implement it? Come on now be a little serious at least. Building a consensus among a disparate group is always harder than implementing a unilateral decision.
The point is that solo queuers are risking *solo mmr*--something widely believed that most people care about. Parties risk *party mmr* and therefore tend to fuck around more and not take games seriously. Unfortunately, these parties are matched with solo players risking solo mmr. I certainly don't expect to have perfect games every time but I really don't like seeing abhorrent behavior in a game and at the end finding out it is because they only lost party mmr while I lost solo mmr. The incentives for good behavior are more lax when in a party. That's the simple fact.
If I do the work to show you a proof, is there any chance you would actually change your mind? If so, please describe what bar would have to be met to have an impact on your thinking.
The top undying players aren't leveling up tomb beyond level 1 until after laning now with its main use just to amplify rip. Undying is in sad place.
On phone. Josh Rogan's WaPo article references three sources that say Kennedy believed he had a chance to stay on.
&gt;Unless you think that people like Donald Trump, Warren Buffet, or Bill Gates should have their votes weighted more than everyone else's, your second paragraph doesn't matter. What's more if we're going to be weighting peoples votes by economic contribution then why not race, sex, or religion? What are you going on about? You are arguing votes should be anti-democratic based on REGION, not on the individual human being and basic principles of democracy. &gt; In a hypothetical situation where a civil war broke out between rural and metropolitan areas who do you think would starve first? Again, [California grows more food](http://www.westernfarmpress.com/tree-nuts/what-happens-if-us-loses-california-food-production) than almost the entire rest of the country. The midwest grows corn. Most of it not even human consumable corn. You are so out of tune with what is produced and where because you are used to CA and NY taxpayers subsidizing the unindustrious parts of the country. &gt; In the space of one reply you literally say that you want your political opponents to have less of a political say than you You shouldn't need to lie to make your points. I am clear and unwavering in what I am saying: one person, one vote, equally counted, not favoring any region over any other region. On the other hand, you have continuously said your favorite parts of the country are entitled to putting your fingers on the scale of democracy through the electoral college. &gt;Lucky for us, we both know the meaning of the word compromise, right? The compromise you are "proposing" is to continue a policy of disenfranchising your fellow Americans so unproductive states can continue to steal money from productive states through the federal tax system. Try again. &gt;I'm hostile against the idea of equal representation of all members of society because it isn't practical. You sure you know what practical means? The electoral college is a really poor piece of engineering. It is complicated, it is slow, it and it disenfranchises half the country when voting for the head of state. I am proposing a simple and elegant solution and that is practiced in literally every other democracy in the world. &gt;I'm hostile against the idea of equal representation of all members of society because it isn't practical. Compromise on what? How much you can disenfranchise your fellow Americans? You are being silly and ought to stop defending anti-democratic values. &gt;I've been saying this whole time that life isn't fair Such original thinking. Life isn't "fair" but be honest with yourself, across this entire thread you have projected yourself as someone who propagates inequality as long as it benefits you. Here is a hint: if your side doesn't come up with a "compromise" that enfranchises all of your fellow countrymen, your golden goose is going let your struggle completely on your own. Don't worry, you can still buy the goods we sell, I'm just not sure you will be able to afford it.
I completed the study in this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/5q96eb/valve_get_rid_of_party_mmr_and_make_parties_based/dcy3k9x/). My conclusion fits the hypothesis. Players risking party MMR are more willing to ruin games than players risking solo MMR.
The problem is people race to do the quest which can be inefficient (some quests more so than others) in achieving true win conditions.
The problem is people play inefficiently to complete the quest first, and then they try-hard afterwards.
&gt;I'm not entitled to it. I have it. There is a distinction that you're missing here. Thus you feel entitled to it and why you keep claiming everyone else needs to 'compromise'.
lol, ok I accept your surrender.
And then when the census comes out, fuck it up again while tying it up in the courts as long as possible. What are you going to do about it? Nothing they hope.
“Nice people made the best Nazis. My mom grew up next to them. They got along, refused to make waves, looked the other way when things got ugly and focused on happier things than ‘politics,’” wrote Shulman, whose mother Elizabeth was born in Munich in 1934 and grew up in Nazi Germany. “They were lovely people who turned their heads as their neighbors were dragged away. You know who weren’t nice people? Resisters.” -Naomi Shulman
That makes no sense. You are confused about the meaning of democracy. Hint: it isn't direct democracy
Why does California need the rest of the United States more than the US needs CA? I am not saying CA should immediately secede but it seems really obvious CA needs a new deal. * Having its electoral power in both the executive and legislative branches watered down compared to former slave states is what drove us into Trump despite him losing the popular vote by 3M votes. * The feds have an anti-encryption policy that is harming CA's technology industry globally * CA, with its relatively weak representation in DC, has its wealth redistributed to poor states who use it to cut their own taxes or as corporate giveaways.
This also explains why he put Bannon in charge of the National Security Council and threw out the DNI and Joint Chiefs.
Maybe not against a Silencer or Sniper. Enigma's other counters can generally be overcome with BKB.
Congress needs to impeach and remove Trump and Pence at the same time. Unprecedented but completely viable.
And this was before he had to report to Jed.
The 7.00 is to only put one level into wolves and max howl which is considered a global mek.
The Spurs match was a good example of how having little midfield creativity can be harmful and at what point it is too late for Fabregas to make an impact.
I don't think he is missing the point, but rather suggesting the bigger point is that we should be going high while they go low.
The reservoirs are up to 60% capacity.
Look at what is happening. The Trump admin is behaving this way. Even the Koch brothers are comparing Trump to fascism.
Republicans have dominated Congress for years already due to having disproportionate electoral power. They also have the executive branch despite losing the popular vote (which is now thematic to how they win). The risk of Republicans being in control is minimal because they already have stacked the deck to ensure they are in control.
Where do you get the assumption that they wouldn't? We are both talking about theoreticals which won't happen unless the federal government acts in a way that loses its authority. Once that happens, all bets are off including who the military is willing to act against.
If the only people who are willing to bring the case are thrown out because they lack [legal standing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standing_(law)#United_States), a concept that didn't exist until 1922, then it wouldn't be reviewed by the Supreme Court. The entire point of this concept seems to be to prevent citizens from suing the government about unconstitutional things unless they can prove they themselves are directly harmed.
Yes, those people are more accepting of low quality games.
I was 1000 higher in MMR when CM queue popped within 5 min and I had a chance to be captain rather than it be given to highest mmr (which really means the party with the most disparate mmr).
&gt;so don't join any team fights until the 40 min mark Literally the nightmare scenario in my bracket but game is over at 23 minutes at least.
The last time this topic came up, I went back and did a week's review (N = 21) of my games matched with and without parties. Top line conclusions: * 30% of games of the solo only games had negative experiences * 75% of games matched with parties had negative experiences https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/5qip7r/a_study_of_being_matched_with_parties_vs_matched/
&gt;2 of your "negative party matches" are based solely on the hero they picked . . . haha what? They picked Naga and Meepo and obviously couldn't play them. That's the "benefit" of risking party mmr, right? You can just fuck around. &gt; feel like your statistical review didn't account for your confirmation bias. That seems to be a catch all type complaint. I used objective data and provided a small amount of analysis on the effect of the party players on the team. &gt;Several others were 2 people fighting in chat, one in a party and one not . . . again, I don't see how that fight wouldn't happen if they were both solo queue players? Anything can happen in any game, but we are talking about frequency, not possibility. This seems to happen more often with parties in ranked because the party members gang up on the solo player who then digs in their heels...
If you read what I wrote I certainly never claimed this was a comprehensive review and explicitly asked others to contribute their analyses of their own games for that specific purpose.
"America First" comes from an isolationist, pro-Nazi group.
I didn't imply anything. I took a weeks worth of game play data and and analyzed into a simple, repeatable methodology. I'd love for you to do the same thing with 20 or so of your last single queue games.
Because it breaks a pattern which is interesting to most people who are in tune with modernity and not living in a bubble.
The important thing is you've found a way to be superior.
This is the stupid we are dealing with.
It is stupid to think they would intentionally allow such a thing in disharmony with the law. Just because someone checks a box doesn't mean there aren't back office verification steps.
No, believing non-citizens vote is the result of conservative propaganda.
Sure, but there are like 30 counters to Alchemist so big whoop.
I'd like to see him compete with Cahill.
&gt; Zouma hasn't showed any more than the next guy I mean, he was playing better than Terry and Cahill before blowing out his knee.
&gt;it seems weird value the vote of the 20% over the the 80%. It is more than weird, it is anti-democratic.
&gt;"The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from US persons and institutions, including from US political organizations. The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow—the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europe and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there. **We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.**" https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/10/21/17-intelligence-agencies-russia-behind-hacking/92514592/
You've dodged the acceptable voter fraud question twice now. Until you answer this very simply question, there is nothing to discuss since you also are not acknowledge your own linked article that you are using as evidence says there is "little" fraud in the first place.
Yeah, that can be annoying but at all MMRs, Visage has a significant advantage over Tinker so often I pick Visage into him. Want to blink into the trees? Thanks for making it easier to kill you.
It is really sad we can never have open and honest discussions about religion without being shouted down. I am a liberal, but (regressive) liberals are the worst about this.
It is easy not to compromise when Congress generally has no legislative agenda nor are you consulted for the few bills that make it out of committee.
I don't buy the argument that Muslims on the whole are of such weak character that they need safe places and can't have their beliefs and actions critiqued. That is the soft bigotry of low expectations and it is a ridiculous way of avoiding reality. &gt;reduce Islamic extremism and guide Muslims towards a more moderate stance As I said, many "moderate" Muslim stances are still in conflict with the foundations of western democracy. &gt;Trying to help Muslims and Islam by reaching out to them, trying to understand their culture, trying to understand their religion, that's how it you win people over. No. I would rather spend my time not begging people to join modernity but rather leading by example--not hating, not supporting extremism, not justifying violence with religion. Nothing is stopping Muslims from shedding their obsolete beliefs but the expectations of other Muslims. That needs to come from within; it certainly won't come from an outsider. The problem, we both know, is that Muslims often kill the reformers coming from within.
My evidence is the link. You can run the numbers post-9/11 and they still arrive at the same conclusion. The reason is not just frequency but because Islamic attacks are typically maximizing causalities of softer targets and are indiscriminate in nature. Right-wing attacks tend to be limited in scope or going after more hardened government targets.
This is how you can tell when accounts get boosted.
&gt;It's the law to enforce citizenship! Yes, it is. You keep saying it isn't. But you are wrong. It is a bald face lie you can't stop yourself from repeating. I guess if you admitted to reality you would think your day long argument was pointless?
Looking at your flair, just pick Visage every game for ez wins since no one at 1k know what Visage can do.
You have to recognize when you are up against a reluctant carry playing support, or a second or third level support.
How do you recognize a carry-only player? He is *very* insistent on which hero you should pick.
I mean, if Costa is staying, I'd rather have the difference in those millions (65M vs 100M) go into more important positions.
The more true joke about supports on /r/dota2 is that it is carry-only players complaining about other carry-only players reluctantly playing support.
He's only going to get better.
I'll get a second opinion from your wife's lover.
It isn't semantics when it is the difference between obtaining their support.
Put this in the 2017 DC United good news category. I think the only other thing in that category is that the stadium is being built.
There are so many quests that I think it is better just turn off your brain from worrying about it and just wait for it to happen naturally. Binding Agents was one of them. I just completed it last night as Weaver who has no stuns. Rather I just happened to have an SK, Treant, Invoker and WR on my team. Assuming the MKB I bought didn't add a lot of stun time, my four teammates did enough stunning to 3 star the quest. If I was picking stunners just to try to do this quest, I would have been frustrated game after game after game.
Watch out for the poop hand face guy
I think Willian is sold if Mahrez is incoming. We can get away with Kenedy or RLC coming of the bench until Hazard returns.
I am hoping because we are using this to distract from a higher impact RWB purchase.
Ok, but of those three in the triangle, Alonso is my third concern. Cahill should be pushed by Zouma or Christensen, and we should be buying a midfielder.
It certainly is a point worth discussing. The back of my mind still thinks Lukaku coming means Costa is going.
&gt;less than 30 PL starts I mean, that seems like enough to establish a pattern, one that is actually pretty good if you saw him. &gt;But I don't think they are prepared to start regularly for a team like Chelsea. That's why they are backups.
We aren't the Congo. But yes, we have a constitutional democratic republic.
I mean, I agree but some positions are weaker than others. Like CM, RWB and presumably striker.
I think we had a number of moment of silences related to those events. Perhaps not for those Saudi men specifically, however.
&gt; on paper the law is equal I think this is one of those distinctions without a difference if what we care about is intent. If the law is written in away to avoid a legal/constitutional challenge while at the same time disproportionately targeting a protected class, the moral concern remains. In a way, it is even a more heightened moral concern because it is working extra hard to flaunt Constitutional protections while implementing discriminatory practices.
Well Ja Rule isn't showing up tomorrow as a guest (to my knowledge).
Haha, I kinda felt the same way when Viacom (more specifically Comedy Central) got dropped.
Why do you think Verizon is going to offer free premium TV channels in perpetuity?
&gt;I usually just try to pass them as soon as I can. My experience is they either fast walk because they presume you are coming for them and/or they start swerving because straight line walking apparently requires more technique than I can appreciate.
&gt; Those who would sacrifice liberty for security, deserve neither. This quote *in context* was Franklin saying that a governor acting on behalf of one specific ultra-wealthy family should not be able to say 'no' to taxes to fund collective security. In other words, this family deserves neither liberty nor the security if they were to reject the authority of the government. As far the rest of your comment, I reject the premise that laws shouldn't be passed simply because criminals would attempt to flaunt them. PS: NRA members overwhelming support sensible gun laws and specifically a ban on selling guns to those with mental illness or who are suspected terrorists.
The US women's soccer team, who are the best women's soccer team in the world also lose to U16 boys teams by a large amount on the regular. Most of these boys will never play professionally... if any of them do.
What is happening is I am paying the same price for less content. They did this after I signed up with Viacom and now they are doing this with another channel I watch. The trend seems to be headed in the wrong direction. Meanwhile, Sony invested in multiple million dollar advertising campaign for Vue. Apparently that's where the "savings" is being invested.
Yup, a bunch of garbage except for BBC.
You are playing games with language. Perhaps you are a politician or a marketer? The net effect of removing desirable content is a reduction of quality. Period.
I agree. I pay Vue for services and they changed the terms on me with literally 1 days notice.
Toxic personality? I bet Vue would hire you for customer support.
Phase boots
Sitting on the bench?
There are a million "security" companies with solutions to that problem. China has just decided only to enforce on the political types.
Why haven't we been able to identify a better LB yet? What is wrong with the talent we are producing where we don't have defenders that can pass and cross when called upon?
&gt;They're still sitting there on the top of the hill That's only because they get over-represented in Congress and the electoral college and using this unearned political power to redistribute wealth to themselves from non-failing states.
&gt;It's come to define edgy neckbeard atheists all throughout the internet. While never reaching the front page of /r/atheism participants because it was downvoted. Classic case of a false narrative being used to define and deride a hated group by the popular majority.
We'll see. I am guessing the Chinese will sell us cheaper and higher quality rice on the west coast. And we wouldn't have to pay the middle of the country to (not) grow corn no one can eat or use for fuel. edit: also forgot California is the largest producer of rice in the nation.
It mostly sucks when they are hypocrites about it and refuse to directly help the meekest among us but will demonstrate cognitive dissonance when using the state to enrich themselves and their cronies.
The federal government can't vote itself more power--it is already supreme. Congress can give more authority and respective funding to the executive branch if that's what you mean. And the the Southern/rural dominated Congress does all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7o4oMKbStE
Azpi played right midfield as a youth. I am sure he can play somewhere in between there and right back.
I agree, I just think his ideal position includes wing back.
Must be a simple life of believing brigadiers represent the people they are trolling.
As long as you openly own your bias, that's all I ask.
I think Azpi can stretch defenses more than you give him credit. He is also a lot more composed and thoughtful once he gets into good positions relative to Moses.
I know, but that's just rumors at the moment. I think he will win a competition against Ake and Christensen (and eventually against Cahill) in the preseason unless his knee is worse than has been reported.
Ake had game fitness, was in form, and is left footed and played on the left so the choice seemed easy at the time. &gt;he doesn't fit in to the way we play I disagree but sure, we can play two undersized CBs if you think that's 'the way we play' in the most physical top tier league in the world.
&gt; Tianjin Quanjia We have heard nothing new about this in over a month.
I mean, you can put the whole team on the list if you want because it was an awful season but Terry had 2000 PL minutes and getting used and abused for much of them. He wasn't just in decline, he was the worst of the CBs and the weakest link when he played. You could even see that teams were targeting him.
https://redditenhancementsuite.com/
&gt;ManU away
&gt;And how many of those prospects can you actually see starting for other top teams? You won't like this but Ake, Zouma, Christensen are all reasonable top tier club prospects right now. I think all three could play at a high level for Chelsea next season if called upon. Ake and Zouma have both already proved they are PL ready. Christensen has proven it the least but garnering most of the attention because of his play in Germany for a midtier team. I think Kenedy has a chance in a year or two at attacking mid and Kalas is likely to become a mid-tier PL starter which would be an adequate backup. Baba would also be a decent backup if he can handle the bench.
Pay no attention to the oligarchs behind the curtain, amirite?
That's what happens when religion is used to repress biology.
Project more? You literally can't handle that someone has different, more accurate information than yourself, and instead of accepting a minor correction, fly into a rage.
I don't see why he doesn't take a coaching job instead.
&gt; But if it is, honestly who cares? Well, a lot of westerners who don't want societies to regress back to harmful theocracies and anti-secular public policies.
Congress is responsible for whatever authorities they hand to the President AND fund. This sub always wants to blame the President when Congress is the first check on the executive branch.
To be fair, Stones isn't worth £47 million to any reasonable club.
Questions that might suggest religion is superstition gone corporate.
None in perfect continuity, but most governments do not claim their authority originates from divine these days.
He's got two years on his contract and one year out from a completely shit season. There is no need to rush an extension at this point, imo. Let him prove it this season and make an offer in February or March next year.
Obama didn't make a claim Qatar is funding terrorism at "high levels". Trump did. Is Trump's word meaningless? By letting this sale go through, Trump seems to confirm it is.
We aren't Arsenal for so many reasons so that is a risk I am willing to take.
So you agree Trump is a traitor. That wasn't so hard, was it?
No, I am calling Trump a traitor because he is selling weapons to a country he days ago said supports terrorism. That is objectively acting as a traitor.
The part I am understanding is that Trump just called Qatar a supporter of terrorism (new information!) and then traitorously sold them arms. What about that is confusing you?
Projection is not just the technology in movie theaters.
http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-latest-approval-rating-sinks-support-republicans-whites-drops-626096
Choose your own facts.
&gt;you can't both enforce it Why can't you enforce it? If you are lawfully selling firearms on the secondary market, are you going to break the law in the hope the government won't investigate a gun crime that leads back to you? That seems like a poor business decision that puts your freedom at risk. Yes, illegal arms deal will not follow the law but that's nothing new.
Why do you need a gun database at all? I still don't follow your logic. All that is needed is check a government database as to whether a human person is mentally ill, a criminal or a suspected terrorist. It doesn't need to ask anything about the gun or guns being sold. Simply confirm that you aren't selling to a person who has already done something previously to disqualify themselves. Law enforcement's only role in that would be limited except in investigations which they may ask for documentation that proves you took appropriate steps to avoid selling arms to known to mentally ill, a criminal or a suspected terrorists (e.g., checked the database prior to closing a sale).
Sure you will, it is just a different value than a longer contract. But that isn't the point. He needs to have a good start to the season unlike the last time we were Champions.
Why does it matter how the police do police work? You seem to be using police as the excuse for why you don't want to ensure you are selling guns to terrorists. Makes no sense. &gt; your average person is probably gonna be lazy and not bother to check since there's no real downside How can this be a post in /r/libertarian? The average person stops at a stop sign because it is the right thing to do, not just because they might get a ticket.
It has to go beyond condemnation. The "moderate" Muslim community must not support extremists through funding, sanctuary and/or turning a blind eye to what is going on in their own community. It would also be helpful if the "moderates" didn't share a lot of overlapping beliefs with the extremists as well. Until that happens across the board, press releases and marches are just putting a coat of paint on a turd. The coat of paint is positive step, but it isn't the end game.
That's the pattern you see. The pattern others see is that Muslims are committing acts of terrorism against other Muslims and the west. Which do you think is more concerning? So maybe we can just cut to the chase and just acknowledge change is only going to come from within the Muslim community and a PR campaign isn't addressing the root of the issue.
&gt;You think we know more than the police about terrorist cells in our community? I think communities always know about the individuals in their group than external law enforcement. Absolutely. That isn't even debatable. See the concept of community policing. &gt; And you also think us telling them to stop will make them stop? No. I think has to go well beyond that to be successful. That's why I talk about the funding, sanctuary and blind eye issue. If the funding completely stopped, there was no physical or emotional sanctuary for extremists, and every person (not just Muslim) was cognitively aware of their own personal responsibility in providing (in)direct support to extremists in whatever way that manifests, then the extremist agenda would collapse in on itself in short order. &gt;Not going to confront the crazy guy in person Yes, and you shouldn't have to. Their family, friends and religious leaders are the first line. The point ultimately is, terrorists never turn out to be "lone wolves" -- they need direct and indirect support (and usually someone close to them who doesn't want to see the truth) to pull of their heinous acts.
This issue has been reported numerous times here. There have even been professional clips posts with this visual bug clear as day in the video with comments pointing it out. In any case, no response from Valve.
&gt;It's clearly not the culture alone that creates extremists That rings hollow to me. If it isn't the culture and it isn't the religion, why are Muslims globally well outside the statistical norm for committing acts of terrorism? Are you blaming genes? I don't know what else is left.
How were you not compelled to accept any wage if your alternative was destitution? What exactly was your negotiating position that presented you with any power short of minimum wage laws?
The news is that the news covering previous news might still be accurate? /yawn
I wasn't referring to you as the lady but nice to know where your head is at.
&gt; but a person can harvest your own resources, no boss, no wage, easy I don't know about easy, but if you don't own land in a capitalist society, you can't harvest your own resources without breaking the law. &gt;You could communalize, socialize, unionize, form whatever collective you want, no one will stop you, unless you're forcing people to participate or damaging other people's way of life. That's funny because your "unless" exception is being used as a rule to stop people from unionizing and collectively bargaining these days. &gt;I've worked several jobs that pay less than minimum wage at this point, and was happy to do so, the minimum wage is an obstacle, not a help. So you voluntarily took less money than you were legally owed? You are quite an example to all of us of what can happen when individuals negotiate on behalf of themselves.
Of course it makes sense. It directly counters the Russia investigations starting with alleged Russian influence inside the Trump campaign and now are probing the person sitting in the Oval Office.
The Slark triceratops immortal? Ugly as fuck but cool skill effect.
Two sides of the same coin. Extract as much wealth as possible and then abandon to reduce outlays.
How does that prove the MSM is on the same side? PS: Your top two most popular news websites are customized to your own political bias.
That's not how quarterly profit motives tend to work.
And Perry Kitchen isn't even on the list.
You need no less than 3 mana potions for jungle now which is doable but not ideal.
Mostly because actual fascists have come out from under rocks because they think they have a political ally in the White House.
There is no evidence Zouma is behind either. Ake is the left backup CB and Zouma is on the right. Christensen is best suited for the middle CB. Both Ake and Christensen are undersized along with Azpi. Further Christensen is not likely to accept a role on the bench if his past words are to be believed.
Azpi's natural position is RB and he plays the position at a world class level. The major ding against him is he isn't a natural dribbler which imo is a nice-to-have, not a requirement at WB. Those requirements are: intelligence, work rate, stamina, crossing, tackling
&gt; Alonso doesn't offer enough going forward
&gt;It IS shortsighted when people propose taking one of our best players away from the position in which he thrives to play another role that doesn't necessarily suit him. Yet this happens almost every year to Azpi and guess what? It always suits him. Why are you so certain moving him back to his natural position is literally worse than Hitler? &gt;this was actually his best offensive season in a Chelsea shirt despite playing further back My point exactly. &gt;he actually doesn't cross the ball either - less than 1 per match. No shit, he was playing center back and they few times he got minutes as wing back he tallied an assist or goal. &gt;you live with that on your own. I knew you couldn't contain your consistent dickishness.
&gt;One, he's a better defender than anyone so moving him out of a role where he excels makes no sense. Two, he's not going to be a better offensive wingback than what we currently have because the nature of the role doesn't suit him. I just fundamentally disagree. He excels at more than one position and would be in a role that suits him. You know, the one he was bought to play. &gt;Much of his success came this season having a central role. That's why I mentioned that. No, your point was to cherry pick an offensive metric that CBs rarely put on the stat sheet. Completely irrelevant. And regardless, his crosses are actually quite good because he is composed and gets his head up. Not everyone can do that even at this level. &gt;That's why I mentioned that. His passing percentage, You mentioned his crosses per game because of his passing percentage? Come on now, you aren't fooling anyone. This is all a bunch of hand waving as none of these stats help inform anyone as to where Azpi can succeed. &gt;He had more time and space on the ball and could pick runs forward into space His key passes are exactly the same season to season. All his passing percentage means is he bounced the ball around more in the back which is expected for CBs as opposed to full or wingbacks. This isn't revealing a thing. &gt;he has never been a successful crosser of the ball in a Chelsea shirt. Are you hoping no one knows Azpi's history with the club? Playing on the left as a right footed player means you cross the ball much less. His primary duty was to give the ball to Hazard and provide width for 1-2s. Of course, with the limited time he has spent on the right, his cross completion rate is well within normalcy and that is also backed up by his stats with Marseille. &gt;It's intelligence and loyalty, actually. I respect Moses and think we can improve there, but refuse to rewrite history because of a bad final and invent things that aren't true about Dave to justify why Moses should be dropped. No, you were trying to moralize why you are a superior fan, which has always been your consistent MO on this sub. More to the point, the idea that the FA Cup final is the only reason why Moses needs to be dropped means you are either re-writing history yourself or simply not paying attention. He has been the weak defensive link in the XI since November and his crossing and decision making on offense has been highly suspect. He gets in good positions yet the end product hasn't materialized. Some of it was bad fortune but overall his lack of composure, which not coincidentally is something we both believe Azpi has in spades, has really hurt Moses over time. Combine that with being targeted in defense, we both know this can't be sustained for another championship and European run without an undesirable outcome.
Not last season. The other mids went missing instead.
So you are saying there is no evidence of god but in the past maybe? Therefore it is reasonable to act like there is?
Also, while we are dead, let us QUEUE up selling items so they moment we respawn extranous items get sold so we can focus on TPing or running out or whatever.
The perpetrators will play the role of the victim whenever possible as a rule.
&gt;Not talking about legally. Neither am I. And no, your feelings in your gut aren't enough.
&gt; He's fast, he's quick and he's got pace.
Bad enemies does not cancel out bad positioning. Bad positioning makes bad enemies appear good. It is not a linear ratio.
I know ManU fans are sensitive over Fellaini but it wasn't an insult.
I suppose I shouldn't be shocked you hear this word a lot. It is a nicer way of saying, "irrational emotional babies who disproportionately overreact to mere whiffs of opposing worldviews because of an evident lack of confidence and grounding of their sense of self and beliefs".
It would affect their valuation and they are cowards.
Damn it is like the fastest and longest all in one.
I would rather have Paul Ryan who is 3rd in line because while he will likely be implicated in the Russian political money laundering scheme, he seems to have the capability to feel ashamed unlike those ahead and behind him.
Moses, probably isn't just his poor end-product, he doesn't always track his runners and is consistently targeted by stronger teams as the defensive weak link. Just because one is an attacking wing back doesn't mean they don't need strong defensive skills.
Doom 1 &amp; 2 on nightmare
They would if they had a trustworthy partner.
Sleeping on an injury prone RB is actually good fantasy business.
The reason is he has been stagnant in terms of development for 3 seasons. I would think our only attraction to him is his nationality and home grown status.
Personally, in pubs, I've always thought 4200 gold was a lot of money for something that requires your team to change the way they play. Sure if you are dealing with a MK, Techies, Tinker it is an especially good item but outside of situational matchups more direct offensive and defensive items seem more critical.
First it was teens. Then it was fat people with hats. Now it is katanas. You are even more sensitive to imaginary slights than I thought.
But this is their hopeful dictator...
He'd still be behind Cahill and one would reasonably think Ake, Zouma and Christensen all will be fighting for that spot and have more apt skills for the position. Alonso needs to use his stamina, work rate and crossing to make his mark on the game and that won't be from center back.
Won't someone think of the policy to blow shit up half a world a way for reasons that are oblique to our national-security needs at best??
The fundamental notion here is that medical care is not driven by traditional market economics. No one knows what sort of healthcare they will need in the future and the market is too complicated for any one person to rationally navigate or comparison shop.
yes
Now you've rationalized a way to be unsupportive of a good idea. Nice!
And you are still missing a lot. So what?
Ah yes, the duality of the Trump administration. What is said in earnest is sarcasm when we later decide our official response didn't play well.
You say that, but don't you think spending $110M of other people's money would be worth it if you got praised as a strong leader for like the 12 hours on cable news?
The problem is faith is largely used to create rote belief, not to create skeptics.
I suspect extra (de)ward attention, a more accelerated predisposition to gank mid and keeping a close eye on dives is the play.
ISIS doesn't seem to be about making money so you can play xbox as the end game. I could be wrong.
We are all stuck on the same indifferent rock hurtling through space, bro.
Living in DC during summer is when a lot of students and tourist groups come here. Wearing Trump gear is pretty much the male teenager uniform these days.
Maybe they are just core-only players like yourself who are uncommitted to playing support when forced into it.
You are on the right track. The easier last hitting heroes all have fast attack animations, high base attack damage and typically a passive "steroid" (aka a crit or some other form of damage increase). Jugg is usually seen as the easiest because he has all three of those things plus magic immunity and a heal abilities which are all highly unusual on farming carries.
This sub is riddled with dismissive fanboys and marketing execs.
You are supposed to make money and be rich like the guy complaining about millennials so you too can look down upon others.
2024
All those things need to be calculated in but historically younger voters don't turn out without an exciting candidate at the top of the ticket and especially don't turn out in midterms. There are tradeoffs but my guess is the smart people at the DNC aren't trying to win this race, they are just trying to get Ryan to spend more resources on his own race the hopes of draining money from more winnable races.
&gt;the party's primary demographics (young people and low income voters) Again, nationally I agree that these are important constituencies but localized to a particular district, no I don't think these are uniformly the Democratic base. Women, blacks, college graduates are far more reliable. You know how Trump won? He appealed to poor whites, men especially, and told them minorities were holding them back. This is a big chunk of Ryan's district which has about 5% african-americans and 10% hispanics. In other words, the reliable demographics are not there to turnout. What needs to happen is you need to split off and depress a large part of Ryan's bloc on some key local issue. Part of that can be a referendum and Trump but more likely some other issue needs to be found (perhaps tying Paul to illegal Russian Super Pact donations with those rumors abound). National party affiliation demographics: http://www.people-press.org/2015/04/07/a-deep-dive-into-party-affiliation/ Paul's district demographics: http://archive.jsonline.com/blogs/news/189585801.html &gt;Or do we wanna spend another four years asking why the economically disadvantaged didn't rush out to vote for Wall Street's favored candidate? I think you are missing the point intentionally, but do you want to spend another two years spending time, effort, resources on red districts when you could have won potentially dozens of purple-ish districts elsewhere?
&gt; That guy in SC lost by 1500 votes. That is incredible and I certainly didn't hear about it. I wonder if that was really a liberal vs moderate issue or some other issue like Ossoff originating from inside the Democratic establishment as a staffer.
I think their point is that insurance companies act as "death panels" that make decisions to deny care to protect their bottom line. This is a sub-reason why single-payer is important. Do you want unaccountable insurance executives making those decisions or do you want your Congressional representative who is accountable to the people?
Correlation is not causation.
You really think he can completely reverse the 2016 results? * Republican Paul Ryan 65% 230,072 * Democratic Ryan Solen 30.2% 107,003 That would be an incredible feat. There were well over 2x the votes for Ryan than for the Democrat.
&gt;Do you see your mistake yet? My only mistake is thinking you would be able to accurately self-evaluate. &gt;And to say it's impossible and shouldnt be attempted is to ignore history. I never said anything like that. I said I'd rather concentrate limited resources on purple districts first. &gt;the parallels between Paul Ryan and Tom Foley are very hard to ignore. Did Tom Foley lose over double of his voters in one election cycle? edit: Looked it up. Foley won by 10% in '92 and lost 1.8% in '94. By contrast, Ryan won in 2016 by 35%. &gt;Even a loss that shaves Ryan's lead substantially would force the republicans to invest heavily in the districts next election, which could only help democrats. Yes, I've previously said that numerous times. That isn't the same thing as winning this district though. &gt;Moral victories can turn into real victories They can. They can also be seen more accurately in electoral politics as losing.
Until you pick all the low hanging fruit, why are you rushing to get out the 50 ft ladder that everyone who has climbed over the last 22 years has fallen off?
Of the two of us, I agree only one is well-grounded in reality. This sub is such a jerkoff to idealism and has no idea what it takes to win back Congress.
Billionaires and millionaires will do that to the average.
&gt; assurances =/= guarantees Is it a pledge then? Promise? Affirmation? Perhaps some sort of vow? Or can we just agree the point is to 'relieve doubt'?
I haven't lost anything. But this sub on the other hand has lost every post-Trump era Congressional election so far. Perhaps you need to focus on the fundamentals of electioneering rather than believing a one-size-fits-all solution is the path forward. It isn't. Running progressives in progressive leaning districts and moderates in conservative leaning districts is a viable alternative. &gt;You have no right to talk down to anyone when your way of doing this lead to losing to a confessed rapist As vulgar as this comment truly is, it can be flung right back at you. Every time you run a losing progressive candidate who is out of touch with their district, is a time you are helping Trump.
