the jungle hat is so unfresh i make it a point to target people wearing them and ensuring that I try and kill them at least twice a match. The jungle hat is gross and it is a crime on squid society. Its very existence is a mistake and patrons of the item are accordingly also mistakes for having thought such a heinous thought. i'm only half joking.
a kid hanging out in the wilderness when said game is set in a metropolis / acropolis area is quite unfresh
so lets have a bunch of knee-jerk reactions just like yesterday
THIS IS WHAT I WATCH TANKETBALL FOR THE CLOSE GAMES THE YOUNG TALENT THE PING PONG BALLS #AND THE LOSSES
#[MFW TJ WARREN HAS 29 POINTS] (http://i.imgur.com/CYW3P6i.jpg)
try OKC ORL or LAC - GSW, either time
Dammit pels we can't tank at full efficiency if you guys also keep losing games
If we get the right package. I do not expect to be getting the right package anytime soon.
I can call a hater when I see one
That makes way too much sense for it to ever happen. But that third team who would get Waiters and Morris... holy shit that'd probably be a really good team.
ah ha HA I LOVE MEMES
Why you being a hater?
buy wii u, play splatoon, lose fuckin mind
Remember, timmy's unfortunate life is the entire reason he was granted fairy godparents in the first place
It's okay, he's gonna change it in four years
SQUATS JUMP ROPE LUNGE SQUATS and remember to ice your knees that's all it is really after a bit of training I bet you'll be close to doing [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bwpi-LLv2k)
so much of it
I was 6'4" at the time of that, 6'5" now and I can't jump as high as back then (I was touching the top of the square back then) but I can get to dunking height much more easily now.
i just mostly did track and field (high, triple jump) but it didn't help as much as just doing squats, lunge squats, and jumping rope. I would probably emphasize lunge squats and jumping rope the most out of all exercises in terms of verticality. Because verticality is a combination of explosiveness and strength; you also can't go wrong with incorporating some dead lifts into your routine (maybe some cleans as well) but if you had to do the bare minimum to reach 10'6", i would definitely stick with lunge squats and jump rope.
at this point i'm willing to believe that hornashit is now simply a myth, is this guy real
Going back to .52 gal after running with a dual squelcher was like "HoLY shIT LOOK AT ALL THiS POWER". First time gal users will probably be mindblown by that weapon.
if you are using a tentatek or other weapon w/ suction bombs: using a suction bomb right at it will make the bomb explode immediately. if the enemy is close enough to the wall that will immediately splat them. Seen it work way too many times for it to be a gimmick.
AWIIIISE CHICKEN AWIIIIIIISE
YOU CAN DO IT just channel the spirit of Skinny Lowry
Don't consider comedy as a career path then, you kind of stink at it
&gt; not complete idiots Jury's still out on that one, too
Im happy with Booker but I lowkey wanted Portis at 13
Damn I wish I could link that picture of Saitama saying "ok"
I dream of a day when low-success teams can all run rampant in the playoffs again Talkin suns, nuggets, kings, pelicans, timberwolves, blazers (i guess), jazz, and for pity; the lakers as an 8 seed
Wow devin you are good at basketball
Teej's form is so much different than booker. Teej hatches it back like Rashard Lewis and has little arc on his. Devin's is pure textbook and has that y = -x^2 arc to it
and warren for that matter
WOOOOOOOOOO THE DANK TANK ROLLS ON POST YOUR TANKEST MEMES
[this was more applicable last game] (https://i.imgur.com/ms4zVtC.png)
this went from Greg Jennings/Marshawn Lynch to /r/undertale real quick
Deandre Jordan is Tyler the Creator
bro speights tho
whoo wee what will be next for our favorite orange fuccbois whoo wee
#HE LOST FEELING HOLY FUCK so glad he's feeling better at least.
rose where do you find your splatoon stats / current loadout?
Holy fuck that guy just got shat on
How people draw well on miiverse befuddles me. My personal accomplishment was drawing a Lennyface for Naughty/Nice Splatfest.
For the good of the tank, I hope both of you guys win today :3
jesus i knew we were bad but i didn't know we were THIS bad
Good god kill me now
I cant stay positive for a tank anymore this shit fucking sucks massive horse cock
I find it ridiculous how much crossover there is between the splatoon gamerbase and the undertale gamerbase
if only he had a jumpshot
plus he already has the postup game of a PF
Honestly if we just catch Brooklyn and get that 3rd worst record I think we have a shot at Simmons
If we can't fix Alex Len with our magic I have no clue how we will be able to fix Joel Embiid
it's a copypasta
Except for those shitty problems when you have 3 to 4 unknown constants as a solution and you need to break out the algebra book just to find that shit
ONE SPLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
PLAYER 5 HAS ENTERED THE GAME?
shut up pubert
i'll force it as long as you still peruse this board shitposting so pretty much forever hahahaha
aaaand i've made you mad hahahaha
Hahahaha
I just got to S after busting through A and A+ (honestly A and A+ were way easier of a time than B+ and A-) and I might have to agree; I'm not really getting better playing in S. At this point I'm staying away from solo ranked and I'm playing with my friends in squad battles, and it's so much damn fun playing this way - and I feel like I'm getting better, too. I feel like it might be a bit of a trope that "oh look you got to S now you're only gonna squad battle so you don't lose rank" that I'm following, but I gotta say, not worrying about the rank of the opposing team... it's definitely really unstressful
lol what is a main real talk tho splooshes fuck my shit UP fam
But it fires SO SLOWWWWWWW
"God fuckimg dammit"
Not kidding, she actually is a monster. I am NOT a fan of Sniper Mall. I mean, Rose's playstyle is to basically be snipers' largest nuisance / worst enemy, so I can assume that the large amount of ways to flank snipers on that map is good for her, but for the rest of us, god that map just stinks.
"You think I made a mistake? IT WAS YOU WHO MADE THE MISTAKE"
nash had a lazy eye too
Tentatek
https://gfycat.com/SinfulUniformIrishsetter
https://gfycat.com/SinfulUniformIrishsetter
these blue hornets jerseys are the sexiest jerseys since the black barkley era jerseys
just put leuer, booker, and warren in the game and give them the green light. And for god's sakes pass the ball.
BRICK CONTESTED LONG TWO BY BRANDON KNIGHT. If you are surprised... you shouldn't be.
TJ: "Coach put me in" Hornacek: "If you do that we'll win" TJ: "Idgaf I wanna get buckets"
WE JUST HAD A BALL MOVEMENT PLAY PARTY LIKE IT'S 2006
PASS THE BALL BRANDON KNIGHT IT MIGHT DO YOU SOME GOOD
Devin booker that was sick as fuck have my children
Devin Booker Over / Under on bitches fucked at Kentucky: 200
#COACHING PRO TIP: TO START WINNING, GO BOWLING i guess that's what roman was talking about all this time
caaasin
it's surprisingly good grip on the padding of the stanchion. we played in the pauley main court in IMs at ucla and I jumped off of it to reverse my momentum after dead ball was called on a fastbreak and I got some nice air.
In terms of the eye test, I'm going with Gerald Green. In terms of legend, it's probably Wilt or Michael.
August, level 42, rank S30
The dual squelcher's advantages with the same loadout are better than the N-zap's advantages (longer range, slightly slower fire rate / run speed).
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT HOLY SHIT PAULEY WAS SO FUCKIN LIT
hope d'angelo is fine
True. I was at the monmouth game and there was NO energy.
Motherfucking ngyes
Maymay is forced 2/10
Anyone else here play Undertale? I'm making a concerto piano version of the final boss of the pacifist run's theme song. I put some progress up on soundcloud (soundcloud.com/kingzzylard) In other news, I realize I have no motherfuckin game when it comes to talkin to girls. I can get a haircut and look damn fine but it doesnt matter if I just dont know how to talk to girls. Really regretting my all-boys hs education rn.
We havent seen one of those in a while
good e-liters are legitimately better than me and I can't complain if I'm unable to take them out through conventional means (i.e. without a special)
it's the whole "Undyne is a pretty fish" paradigm - Only beautiful in fan drawings / fanart
daddy walton can't leave the west coast due to flying issues regardless.
I NEED IT
Okay so do us all a favor Make a message to the person in particular We are not all one mindset Doing this makes you come across as a huge douche We know that most Warrior fans aren't fuccbois like you but you aren't helping anyone with this petty ass shit
I guess "GO**LL**DEN STATE [an exceedingly large amount of W]ARRIORS" wasn't doing it?
Damn now I need to go name my mii "Ice^3"
welp I have a new idol to look up to. this guy makes fucking amazing music
[lebron] (http://i.imgur.com/2dzM8Sf.jpg) [right now] (http://i.imgur.com/xcHlOSr.jpg)
BOOKER #THO??!?!?!?!?!?
- Dunkey remix
Good, good
Hey we know that feel
Oh hey there /r/TumblrInAction
If I was the E-Liter I would have exited the lobby, re-evaluated my entire life, and then picked a new weapon. I don't think E-liters are necessarily OP. I just dislike them.
The E-liter 3K scope now zooms in even further. You can view the cellular structure of the squid that is about to be splatted. The game now becomes a "what the fuck am I looking at" simulator.
Fuck
do she got the asss? she dooo
Bro im just tryin to levelup gear I ain't got time for your needless shenanigans
we've been waiting for that pen to go dry for a long motherfucking time. but every time we think it's juuuust about to go dry, they hook that shit up to an ink hose.
it's got megalovania as the music to the 'final final boss' which is just him convulsing in laughter as he repeatedly pets lesser dog
I agree its hardly anything i just wanted to bring it up
every time i step on the court i need to relearn how to shoot all over again. Also my body is letting me down HARD. My shinbone is terribly bruised and Both of my calves cramped up yesterday. I'm barely 20, why is this happening.
here in LA for school. wanting to go to arizona for a while now.
i have an andre iguodala shirsey but that's the only shirsey i have. i have barkley, nash, and two bledsoe jerseys otherwise. i've bought a KD shirsey for my sister but that doesn't count for me
aww i should do that for my mom when i have money
go for it
i dipped out all of today because i was cleaning my place so that I could have 20 people over to play smash and mario kart 8 while getting absolutely hammered that's where i've been, i'm normally on these
here is what we would say "TANK FOR SIMMONS TANK FOR SIMMONS TANK FOR SIMMONS"
Well if you're willing to drive to westwood, LA, we are chillin and drinking rn
"Chris came and left"
actually tho the guy looks like he's 12 and pissed
Mike D'Antoni would be proud
PG did it with the idea that there was 1 second on the shot clock, but I see your point
what would happen to this subreddit if the spurs lost to the clippers in the first round
the battle between two shitty coaches
well he's not bad but he doesn't have the respect of the team
little bit of column A, little bit of column B. Hornacek has completely lost the respect of his players. he's too timid
brandon knight you dolt
If you went into kh3 without bbs you'd be like "who the FUCK are we trying to save right now? Who the fuck are these people? Why is Roxas two people now?"
we all are taking vacation the team is taking a vacation too, we decided we'd join them
our defense is bad, but rubio's not a bad scorer
fuck our defense is bad
go cardinals
Ill change it
&gt; "FOCKIN BUBBLER" &gt; "OHH YOU SHOULD BE DEAD"
Discuss below: Ideal strategy for TOWER CONTROL
He just swum RIGHT through your ink, that's gotta stink also I love that you gave him the switcherooni right after he gave you the switcherooni
when you started playing the league's worst defense baby
if we don't get ben simmons after this suckiness whoo boy it's gonna be a long fuckin rebuild
[me_irl] (http://i.imgur.com/Q6SOYRA.png)
I take that as an honest to god compliment
that seems about right yeah
then again; popping your bubbler on maps like triggerfish, moray, parts of arowana where there is water and falling to certain death if pushed off the tower is extremely dangerous
we just tied minny and we're on a downward swing. If we win only 1 out of 8 games for the rest of the season it's very likely we finish sub 20 wins and land the #1
is the lottery here yet oh it is? oh wait, wrong lottery same result probably - someone in southern california is gonna win
yeah that's pretty much it. you can put immense pressure on protecting the zone with this weapon. Probably one of the best guns to use with splat zones.
Ah, yeah, in "His Theme." I realize it's wrong but I like how it fits the melody.
all i see is you guys losing your pick
Got it!
u got me
Discuss ideal strategy below for: SPLAT ZONES
Discuss ideal strategy below for: TOWER CONTROL
Holy fuck Kemba Walker.
good maybe then we can actually get a good team going
personally I agree. If we have a good enough package, then yes, everyone else including bledsoe, len, and knight are tradeable.
holy fuck that's an Andre Drummond statline
i know i was doing the shiteroo
Yeah I've been ad libbing it. I can definitely adopt this format; i'll do that for today's post!
Well, yeah... The Octobrushes are fantastic fucking weapons.
It's because squidward can't play the clarinet and that's all you hear coming from this motherfucker's face
san antonio spurs because if they're not gonna lose anytime soon they should just let someone else win for once
Discuss strategy below for: SPLAT ZONES
idk disruptor the tower and echolocator when you can or some shit what the fuck you supposed to do with this weapon anyway
If you are surrounded by a team that is able to keep map control, apparently this is a great weapon for flanking because it has a quick TTK. But at that point you should run literally any other close range weapon like a sploosh, burst bomb main, carbon, octobrush, or roller.
just spam disruptors and try to keep map control, pretty much. you can't do much in combat with this gun.
throw the disruptor at the god damn rainmaker
indiana don't fuck this up blow us out again pls
Ben Simmons. One of those is actually enticing to watch and could be a member of the suns in a year. I'm saying could be. not saying will be.
#DEVIN BOOKER HAS 30 POINTS HYPE
#\#FIRSTROOKIETO30
it's gonna be really soon when knight gets relegated to 6th man and booker gets the starting role when eric comes back or when we get a PG that can actually run the offense
denver has like 4 starters out; how are they still good
and DBook just dropped 32 today. Great prospects, great horizons.
if tf2 has mann vs machines, I want inklings vs octolings / octobeings, if we aren't gonna get playable octolings we should at least have a horde mode in which we join our fellow squids and unite against a common CPU
make a new mii and let her ruin that one
Discuss strategy below for: RAINMAKER
Discuss strategy below for: TOWER CONTROL
lob suction bombs onto that tower like you're a tentatek or a splash-o-matic. When people fall off (and they inevitably will), go in for the kill and crush them. On certain maps, killer wails are not very useful, but for tower control, there will always be a use for killer wails. You can either aim at a sniper perch and clear house or you can aim at the tower and clear house. Or, if you just feel like yelling "KAMEHAMEHA" and firing up into the sky pretending like you're Goku, you can do that too. As for the main weapon, it's probably more beneficial to support around the tower rather than ride the tower yourself. Riding the tower, you are at a disadvantage because this weapon does not have a large amount of range an you cannot be as mobile around the tower as a sploosh-o-matic or a tentatek. Instead, clear out enemies on and around the tower from below; and support those riding the tower by zoning them and distracting them.
I haven't played enough SZ with this weapon to gather enough on playstyle for this certain game mode; I will defer to the community.
#I would also like to mention here that Inkipedia does preferable gear sets for each weapon; in addition to those, would you guys want to add on to preferable gear sets for each weapon?
agreed, he's being a great swiss-army knife for you guys right now
TJ didn't make the rookie sophomore game last year but you are free to add him into your roster
The homer in me would put TJ Warren in for either McDermott or Bogdanovic but if hornacek keeps not fucking playing him then idk what's gonna happen to him
oops let me put my megaphone away
thanks! I couldn't have done it without urging from the community
I didn't say they did, they are just there for reference
We are 2 for the last 18 so i believe we can do it
Note to self: stack the fuck out of defense ups
I don't really have a main but I can guarantee that damage stackers fuck my shit right up. The amount of times I've exclaimed "FUCKING LUNA" or "FUCKING E-LITER" is way too high in proportion to the other weapons. The few times I stacked Defense Up, I actually noticed I was coming out alive a lot more because of the damage creep meta.
she already does that to prepare for people with no defense up
oh hi there how you doin
Hi! i work at both. I'd say 6-10 for BFIT, and pretty much always after 3 for Wooden.
Damn this post really proved that people love to poop on the Warriors, but when the wording is exactly the same for the Spurs, people get defensive as FUUUUUCK.
and people get on the case of Warriors fans being defensive. smh.
Discuss strategy below for: TOWER CONTROL
Discuss strategy below for: SPLAT ZONES
all i got is da-mage, sorry for my mis-sin, but i've been practicin'
Great maps for the splat charger vs. bad maps for the splat charger: ___________________________________
Good weapon matchups vs. bad weapon matchups ________________________________
go step by step and tell me exactly what is obnoxious about them * using curry chewing his mouthguard is cheating I guarantee that almost every other team in the NBA would do the same in their position.
let it fly my man it's all good in the hood
true. Then again, there are 15 maps, so I've decided to divvy it up into "good maps vs. bad maps" for the weapon.
and sixth, but the seventh time, smush parker somehow ended up with the ball and made a bucket.
here's where you are right: - your sentiment in that we are a bad team. - The front office stinks We are a fucking terrible team, and we are paying for the mistakes of our front office quite dearly right now. In terms of good investments vs. bad, I'd have to say right now the bad outweigh the good, even though there *are* good investments and *good* decisions. Here is where you are wrong: - we lack talent No, we lack heart, and we racka disciprine. Also we lack good coaching. The talent is there for a 40 win team.
Okay, so you didn't read my comment. Never mind, forget I showed up, I was under the illusion that you actually came in here to provide insight.
&gt; new year's resolution was to not go more than 3 comments deep that's honestly for the best, you really aren't smart enough to be this opinionated
but you can always parallel them to someone else in the league. Trash Talker? KG, Gary Payton, MJ, Kobe even, just to throw out some relatable names. Dirty Screeners? Damn near every single center in the NBA gets away with it, and a lot of PFs too. KG was most known for it, in fact. So sure, you can get on their case, but it's not like it's something new.
well, as you can see, there is another spurs flair up at the top, and he's not downvoted.
The main comment right under that. Point being, if you show actual insight in your comments, it is more likely to be taken seriously.
It's gonna be so ~~disheartening~~ fucking awesome if the Warriors play the Spurs and just completely fuck them up surprisingly enough, there ARE people who are rooting for the Warriors in this matchup
good god we suck so bad we've gone numb
nobody wants to see the spurs lose, everyone wants to see gsw shredded it's fucking stupid, but that's how this subreddit works. if they could retroactively give the san antonio spurs every single championship ever, I'm sure they would.
over the last few months, i've realized that only a select few spurs fans are actually *that* bad. most of you are quite nice and courteous. sometimes yall can jump the gun and not realize that your pride can be taken as arrogance, but every good team is subject to that, and we do not blame you. but I'm sure you guys know who your bad apples are by this point. Can you guys please call em out when they start a-shitpostin?
i'm addicted and I just can't get enough
\#signchristianwood
i was quoting the black eyed peas song, what were you quoting?
it'd be nice to get closer to simmons but part of me is still holding hope that booker goes for 82 and we beat the spurs but i'll settle for booker going for 40 and we lose by 30
it'd be nice to get closer to simmons but part of me is still holding hope that booker goes for 82 and we beat the spurs but i'll settle for booker going for 40 and we lose by 30
i know i can't talk shit so all i can say is good fucking god I hope the warriors push your team's fucking face into the dirt
wait, when did I say i was gonna wear a spurs flair? you're the one who set up the bet.
they said "ash gray" to resemble the rising of a phoenix from new flames what they did not realize is that it actually more closely resembled the burning of a wasteland
literally all i care about on this team anymore is devin booker
both
ladies, gentleman, and mods of /r/nba: the fine music of /u/TimDuncanTheAlmighty
the sad thing is our two comments are not even remotely comparable, you're going for blood with what you said, i'm just hoping for something to happen. I even preface it with "i can't talk shit". besides, that was in response to: https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/423gml/game_thread_san_antonio_spurs_phoenix_suns_jan_21/cz7dhpa and yours was unprovoked. But keep going through my comments, you won't find anything that will bring me down to your level... not because I'm not willing to go there, but because you set a new low every shitpost.
good lord you reached THAT far back lmao. You are so fucking mad and I love it. the best part is I'm still not wrong.
/u/TimDuncanTheAlmighty You spend so much time on this subreddit, you might as well participate in our free talk fridays.
damn that fuckin stinks. one of my best friends has insomnia and she always looks like a trainwreck. on my end, i think i have inflamed esophagitis. i made the mistake of gambling *on it and trying to play basketball on top of it when it didnt feel as bad. now i feel like absolute crap. and every time i breathe / swallow i just feel like shit.
Ah, yes, another "what-if" to consider with the Phoenix Suns and trade scenarios. That must be number 9001.
I like to be as quick as possible when running the tentatek. I use a camo hat with 3 ink saver subweapon subs, and then the rockenberg swim speed up main shirt with the krak-on run speed up shoes. I don't fuck around with this, i have a necessity for velocity. A need for speed, if you will. GOTTAGOFAST
YO I played a few games of TW with you! I immediately sent you a friend request saying something along the lines of "I FUCKING LOVE YOUR NAME" and every now and then I'll jump into your lobby.
Good maps vs. bad maps:
Good weapon matchups vs. bad weapon matchups:
Ideal gear sets:
I splat them, and then i squidbag the FUCK out of them. and then I do it 4 more times for good measure.
I'm going in order of listing in ammo knights (http://splatoon.wikia.com/wiki/Ammo_Knights), so it should be in 19 days after the splattershot pro.
THAT WAS A GOOD WIN
I KNOW WE TANKIN BUT FUCK IT THAT WAS ENTERTAINING BASKETBALL
WHiCH ONE IS THE ONE THOUGH
the way you spelt it made me try to go back and remember "hm how the fuck are you supposed to spell 'roti'"
I love it because it always gives me an avenue to screw over a sniper.
aldridge probably cares more about winning than his personal feelings
Good Maps vs. Bad Maps:
Good Weapon Matchups vs. Bad Weapon Matchups:
Ideal Gear Sets:
all it takes is one or six nasty playoff series to develop some serious animosity esp when you're on the losing side ;_;
I realized a few games ago that Andre Roberson looks like a cross between Klay Thompson and Devin Booker with literally none of the shooting prowess
Exactly! When I really start feeling like I can't kill someone to save my life (lol), I switch to this weapon and immediately break even or go 9 and 3 or something crazy like that. It's too easy to grab kills with this weapon.
oh man let's not even get started on the clusterfuck that is mahi mahi splat zones. Fuck that noise.
Carbon Roller is technically 11 from flick to death and I think the sploosh-o-matic is slightly higher
\#fuckarowana
fuck arowana
ranked mode moray would be so much better for TW than regular TW moray. At least ranked modes moray gives you options to indirectly flank the enemy. TW Moray just leaves you fuckin BARE.
seriously though: i do not like arowana mall, camp triggerfish (especially tower control!), mahi-mahi, some cases of Piranha Pit, Turf War Moray, claustrophobia / spawn camping at Hammerhead. I LOVE: Ancho-V, Museum (esp. Rainmaker), Bluefin Depot SZ / RM, Blackbelly, Urchin, Kelp Dome, Flounder Heights RM (But I hate the fuck out of Flounder Heights TC)
it's not *just* viable, it's a freakin' force-a-nature
i don't know that feel
One of the most? We are DEFINITELY the most fickle fanbase. We are a reflection of our team, after all.
Ideal Gear Sets:
Speed kills. Run speed up mains + Rockenberg gear for other Main ability exclusive abilities like Ink Resistance. I suggest running with the Forge Football Helmet / the cuttlegear replica earthings as headgear, Rockenberg Swim Speed Up / Any run speed up main for clothing, and Blue Moto Boots with 3 run speed up subs for this "GOTTAGOFAST" weapon.
Good Maps vs. Bad Maps
Good Weapon Matchups vs. Bad Weapon Matchups
I find an affinity for a new weapon every damn week. I once said "Man I hate using the Luna and the Bamboozler; the first (and only) times I used those weapons, I went 1 / 13!" Last week I went 20 and 6 with a Luna (yes it was Tower Control) and I went 7 and 1 with a Bamboozler in TW. Never rule anything out, squids.
I will deviate to the norm every now and then and pick up the .52 gal / Octoshot Replica in ranked. Good games with those weapons are 15 / 7, 13 / 8, Essentially 3:2 ratios. Great games have included 22 / 6, 23 / 5. For turf wars, it depends on the lobby, but if I notice I'm having good games for multiple games in a row, the ratio tends to be something like 8 to 1 or 10 to 2. (This is applicable for any particular weapon I choose to use)
it'll never stop ;_;
Sploosh - O - Matic
Any particular reason why? There are like 75 weapons
I just had one today
This weapon is so underrated holy fuck
Actually probably a great idea; now all they need to do is buff ink mines so that you can replace them like sprinklers
Giannis should never be in the contest again after last year.
Fuck yes for fantasy basketball reasons
Good maps vs. Bad maps;
Ideal gear sets:
I HAS A BUKKIT
Raptors are on a tear, league watch out
WOO
we hold the trophy
afkieff
HYPE
ROBBED
"he heard from sixer fans, as he realized that his team's top-3 protected pick had fallen to the Philadelphia Sixers. The 21 and 61 Lakers had simply just won too much. The season was a wash."
Good maps vs. Bad maps:
Ideal gear sets:
You can get 1 main RS + 3 subs damage up with a squidforce red shirt thing
[REQUIRED VIEWING] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fQbmF0dwW4) just a poor guy being let down by his teammates while he tries so, so, so damn hard to bring them back up
The realest crime is that the two most attractive rookies, Devin Booker and Kelly Oubre, Jr., will not have their faces on Team USA vs Team World ads and as such; the advertising for this game will be horrible.
lol my biggest gripe is that it's fucking team world vs team usa again. It should be team rookies vs sophomores anyway.
you could, but *should* you? #*SHOULD YOU?!?!?!*
Or talking stick resort arena Sounds like a fucking gfycat url
YAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSS
he's playing the suns; we made Ish Smith look like steve Nash
I stood up when I saw that shit that shit was fuckin nice. UCLA represent
that makes way too much sense for it to ever happen
Good weapon matchups vs. Bad weapon matchups
Good maps vs. Bad maps
Ideal gear sets:
we are doing this in order of level to unlock in sheldon's shop; we won't get to hydra splatling in a while, unfortunately. you can make a discussion post if you want! we are going to revisit the weapon in due time regardless
oh god this would be murder and destruction
*fresh off a game where I got splatted 6 times by a Krak-On* No, I think rollers are not viable. In fact, I think all rollers should pick up the H-3 Nozzlenoze instead; I think that's the new meta and yall should get a head-start on it.
ideal gear sets:
good weapon matchups vs. bad weapon matchups
good maps vs. bad maps
he was slurping so much spurs dick it was hilarious
It was like a week agon on /r/nbaspurs and showed up in the sidebar on /r/nba, it'll be somewhere on /r/nbaspurs
Good maps vs bad maps
Calderon is about to have a bad, bad day.
I was about to be like "huh, Steve Nash did something on defense? That doesn't seem right."
That's probably for the best.
I thought reaper's guns were a part of him, much like Bayonetta's hair is basically all of her powers / outfit / guns.
Is he trying to force a meme? I dont get it either.
Tbh my friend told me Shaun looked like Squidward and I haven't been able to unsee that shit
If you were wondering who that angry lookin black-shirted dude with the squid-stitch cap and the zink mini was, that's ME! You'll notice that I have an orange beard. It's black in real life, but orange is my favorite color.
Including the semi-notable members such as: Alecat, Nicosar - Planned and hosted April's Oceanink Offensive tournament heddy (duhlishus) - splatoonwiki major contributor, provides those sweet lookin statistic graphs Zzylard (rice_bledsoe) - Weapon of the Day author and notable angry person AMRose (rose94) - Will slap you to death with a brush AND MANY MORE!
keep gettin dem checks
i love all the random jabs he has at the directed team's city. all the shit he said in the 2013 one had me doubling over in laughter
Well, there are two different commissioners in this case. Additionally, considering that Draymond playing didn't really help the outcome of the Warriors, this is easier for the league to swallow.
see kids? push the objective and you actually win
we maplestory now
Congratulations, you played yourself
if we can't get brice johnson, zhou qi.
PUT IT BACK
~~Ben Simmons~~ ~~Brandon Ingram~~ ~~Dragan Bender~~ Shit idfk
This is one of those rare questions where both sides think their situation is better. For the Raptors, a young and relatively unacccomplished franchise who had their best season ever and their deepest postseason run, they would take that over another season of making the playoffs, and having the 9th pick in a "2-man-deep draft" isn't much worse off than having the 3rd pick. For the Celtics,the most accomplished and storied franchise ever, making the playoffs is just another step into the rebuild, where having the 3rd pick could land the coveted superstar that the team has been lacking greatly. What I'm saying is the Raptors benefit more from their situation currently than if they had the 3rd and were a 1st round exit, while the Celtics benefit more from having the 3rd over the 9th while not making the Conference Finals. Personally, as long of a shot it is, I think the Raptors are closer to contention, and their 2nd-tier contention is bigger for Canada and their franchise than being another step into the rebuild.
*grabs megaphone* #FUCK THE SPURS
IN BIRD CULTURE, THAT IS WHAT WE CONSIDER A "DICK MOVE"
WOOOOOOOOO
WHATTTTTT
You forgot 66% career 3PT shooter Kevon Looney spending a good 7 months and postseason sidelined with hip surgery ^^/s
THIS GUY IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL MEMER I REPEAT THIS GUY IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL MEMER
Ryuu ga waga teki go fuck yourself
you are the cancer that is killing my team comps
more like: '89 for map control, '85 for support, '83 for aggressive play
*SLASH* FUCK YOUR TEAM *SLASH* FUCK YOUR TANK *SLASH* FUCK YOUR TELEPORTER *SLASH* FUCK YOUR DWARF *SLASH* FUCK YOUR AIMBOT
SerialTimeKiller, you are one funny man.
well it must have made for some very dry commentary back then. "Charles Barkley... 'CHUCK'-ing another three... and like the last 3 out of 4 times, he missed. Get it? 'Chuck'?"
Well, to be absolutely and objectively fair, you definitely SHOULD beakons if you could beakons.
Since the hyperdunks came out (and have honestly been one of the best selling basketball shoes en masse), nike must have realized that they had a formula for contouring shoes that worked, so they decided to keep it going and showed the "evolution" of the shoe by prefacing the line with "hyper" Nothing will top those 2008 olympics-styled hyperdunks. GOAT basketball shoe
I gotcha, yeah the naming got a little silly down the line. Like 90's style adolescent advertising. "MONDO AWESOME TUBULAR NIKE HYPERZOOM"
VIABLE??????????????????????????????????????????????
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I feel like the UCLA kids were just going off. Next time, play Kevon Looney 40 minutes (if he's actually healthy) and see what happens
NO KIDS, I'M SERIOUS, GO TO THE ROOF OF YOUR HOUSE AND TRY TO FLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
a lot of them have actively said they hate the warriors
i need a typhlrein now
or even worse "you. I like you." like a judgmental prick
The 67-win team needs NO help.
**CHERRY H-3 NOZZLENOSE** Sub: Splash Wall Special: Bubbler
**GRIM RANGE BLASTER** Sub: Burst Bomb Special: Killer Wail
**SPLOOSH-O-MATIC 7** Sub: Splat Bomb Special: Inkzooka
**COROCORO SPLAT ROLLER** Sub: Splash Wall Special: Inkzooka
**BENTO SPLAT CHARGER / SPLATTERSCOPE** Sub: Splash Wall Special: Echolocator
**HEAVY SPLATLING REMIX** Sub: Sprinkler Special: Killer Wail
Remember in his rookie year when LeBron destroyed him in a poster? And the commentator said, "Ben, you're gonna be a star in this league someday, but that day isn't today!" I'm seriously questioning the validity of his prediction.
fyi: the warriors have lost every single game 3 this postseason
hopes and dreams
Lmfao the champs one looks like it's fake
no fucking way
Ignoring the past (pre-2010 playoffs): I get that it's a classy organization and that they played team basketball. But I hated that their clash with the heat brought so many anti-bandwagon fans (aka fans to turn for a team just to root against another team) who turned the "classiness" into snobbiness with "built not bought", "they play basketball the right way", "loyalty not royalty", and i especially thought it was petty as fuck when guys like hannibal Burress strolled Miami collecting the fans' tears after 2014. Like, who the fuck does that?
Not true. Ball is life
#*TRIGGERED*
Back to back for the ballers who didnt get the message
it's now unfair to everyone who has a range above 60 (aka anything with better range than an L-3) because there's so many hills, it'd be better if you were good in CQC than if you were good in long-range combat.
and you should find another reason to be salty as fuck
Same time frame and same reasoning for why I became a Suns fan (the early bandwagon onto a good team, not the Penny Hardaway).
I bet he signs with GSW for another vet min
If Devin Booker's named is mentioned, I go from six to high noon real quick
yeah the [non-white] (http://unlocked-wordpress.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/2016/03/Foot-Locker-Under-Armour-Curry-2-Low-Giants-1.jpg) ones are great
we must type his username three times /u/splash2ndcousin /u/splash2ndcousin /u/splash2ndcousin
I remember he got a good contract extension last year and that was it
Yes, this. Klay needs 7 more and that's a lot harder than 3
just saying, this is the same guy who completely threw out his entire book as evidence for anything he says, ever, just because "would you really trust a convicted felon"
Say what you will about the NBA, about Adam Silver, about the cavs organization, and about Draymond Green's suspension, but the Warriors went **ABSOLUTE ZERO COLD** for the last 8 minutes of this game. It's on 2nd half Steph and Klay to hit those shots, and it's on Harrison Barnes to actually show up for this to actually be a game.
Say what you will about the NBA, about Adam Silver, about the cavs organization, and about Draymond Green's suspension, but the Warriors went ABSOLUTE ZERO COLD for the last 8 minutes of this game. It's on 2nd half Steph and Klay to hit those shots, and it's on Harrison Barnes to actually show up for this to actually be a game.
Oh, so that's what they were talking about when they told me that /r/nba switches perpectives quickly.
Is /r/pokemon allergic to using imgur or some shit?
What the shit is this fucking fuck
#WHO THE FUCK ARE THESE GUYS ON THE FLOOR? I HAVE NEVER SEEN THEM PLAY BASKETBALL BEFORE.
つ ◕_◕ ༽つ WARRIORS TAKE ALL OF MY MOTHERFUCKING ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ WARRIORS TAKE MY FIRSTBORNS ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
a gross blatant miscall, probably to make up for all the missed Tristan Thompson blatant moving screens Downvote me cus it's true. He finally got called on one in the 4th quarter, but it would have definitely helped that first quarter if he got them earlier
WE UNDER 10 BOYS Steph DEFINITELY got hacked on that three.
Somehow the dubs are only down 9... God bless Klay Thompson and his supernova special
On the one hand, it's a league that really needs more exposure, and serves as a set of role models for girls everywhere. On the other hand, it's so fucking boring to watch =/ I really wish they did something in the WNBA that made it fundamentally different as a game from the NBA that made it also more fun to watch instead of just "stagnated, less athletic, slow" NBA. Like, IDK, dunks are 3 points, they add a 4-point line, and a quicker shot clock.
despite how I feel about this game, that's a hilarious picture
You think or you hope?
Well, all the missed calls early in the first quarter on Tristan Thompson wrapping every single player he screened definitely helped boost that run. The only really bad call this game against the Cavs was the KLove foul on Draymond Green. Not even mentioning the WEAK flagrant given to Draymond Green in Game 4.
What the fuck is Tristan Thompson doing to Andre Iguodala under the basket?
Not ever
Yeah, physical stuff like reach-in fouls on the 6th foul of a team's best player
Uh, Draymond Green being suspended back in game four of thunder-warriors wouldn't havr changed the fact that the thunder WON game four, and it didn't change the fact that they still choked a 3-1 lead. Draymond being suspended in an elimination game on a MUUUUUUCH weaker call, after missing an obvious pushoff tech and no-call actually doesn't make sense. Are you all normally this braindead?
And everyone's eating it up so easily too
Well, the game actively does actually make it harder for you to rank up to S. Penalties for losing are harsher, and basically the game is asking for you to carry your team by yourself. And that's necessary to get into S rank - you need to be that much better than the A and A+ ranks. I remember the first time I got into S, I had the same difficulties as you, where I'd get up to A+ 98, 99, etc and then lose one game (and subsequently 15 points) because I ended up with a shit team. The truth is that every time I got up there, I'd pressure myself too much to get kills and win 1v1s over pushing the objective. So personally I looked good, but I wasn't playing smart. I recently took an alt account to S after I got my main to S+, and after a couple months of playing in S and S+ lobbies, the ride back to S, even with weapons I didn't normally use, was much easier, as a result of the combination of my increased ability to aim and my mindset in-game to play smart over get kills. As for how to play smart over getting kills, I'd say it's very situational and a bit difficult to explain in all instances. In simplest terms, the objective is your baby and eliminate anyone who threatens it. But if it is not threatened (aka some enemy is just chilling in your spawn trying to catch a straggler, but your team has beakons set up), don't go back to take that guy out. Something I learned when climbing from S to S+ and C- to S again is that you WILL win games when you feel you are the best player in the match and apply that mindset to the way you are playing.
I would get so motion sick holy fuck
After I splat anyone who jumps and shoots thinking it gives them an advantage in close-quarters combat, I always need to comment: "quit jumping, this ain't Halo" I also have to point out that jumping while shooting makes you giant sniper bait :) so please keep jumping and shooting, I need the target practice
But if that shit don't work, try antibiotics. If that shit don't work, try accutane / claravis / isotretinoin. THAT SHIT will work.
dont blame the guy, dunking is actually harder than it looks
You did better than Steph Curry did last night
If there's a level 10 player with full triple decked out gear, then he/she gear edited. The fact that it's so easily accessible and pretty simple to use makes it increasingly tantalizing
The Warriors are my number two team. Yesterday hurt like a motherfucker. But this is one of those finals where I'm going to rewatch it over and over again, despite the pain. Lebron's the greatest of his generation, and he's just... too good for me to be salty.
Well, if you had the worst game of your career to choke a championship, you would definitely be upset, too. I think he just wants to escape the world. I don't really blame him.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^I'm ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^not ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^here
oh god it begins
"Junkrat is such a shitposter ingame"
the whole point of chalmersface is that it's low-res
dead / 10
Good offseason form. This is gonna be a fun summer
No you don't understand, it's the *spurs*! They shit gold and turn 7-foot-tall hunks of brick into productive players! Mike Conley will literally turn into John Stockton
Okay man you are not really helping your case at all just by saying hes wrong and writing off any of his points.
well i was gonna say you missed the joke but no, you're just a diiiiick
Good, fuck Tony Parker
That shit was quick
Bledsoe's great at guarding PGs but the man's 6 foot nothin', and he's an elite slasher. I don't think it would work with Wall.
if they're entering prep school (anywhere between 6th and 12th grade), it could be so that they get national exposure at a top tier basketball program. Then again, they're the kids of Lebron Motherfucking James. They could go to HS in Alaska and still get national exposure
Some terrible memories of some terrible frat parties just resurfaced
Mirotic's stock has faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallen
Fashion Show Winner 2015, right?
we are dangling brandon knight like a rusty fishing bait in the slightest hope that someone will bite nobody's gonna bite nobody's gonna bite.
well this helps us at least to not be pressured into trading knight / goodwin for some time
the man's a fucking monster
I completely forgot about the Bulls last year, too
holy fuck what the shit
[McDonalds right now] (http://i.imgur.com/ounym.gif)
porHUE?????????????????????????
Alright let's go mcD I'll praise whomever you choose
Y THO
tbh i'm just wondering who we're gonna take with 13 and 28. Hope we get brice johnson at 28
or vesely
it'd be better than the LaVine trials in 2014-2015
OH MY GOODNESS HE'S REALLY DOING IT
IT'S REALLY HAPPENING
That makes sense, probably because one will be traded for the other
WE GET BENDER AND CHRISS?? WOW
Okay that makes more sense. I'm sorry brandon
didn't you guys literally just do this with randle and nance o.O
That's a sick pick
WOJ NUKE HOLY FUCK
WOJ NUKE WOJ NUKE
lmfao
ZACH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Who?
Did we just commit trade rape with the Kings? I'm... I'm so sorry kings
my balls are quite blue
Thonstars
Solid with multiple picks: Sixers Suns Nuggets Lakers Solid with one pick: Minnesota New Orleans Chicago Memphis Detroit Golden State
I wanna see what Devin Booker posted in response to Tyler being drafted. Best friend club about to be lit
ohHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK #B #T #F #O
about to fuck all the hot bitches in scottsdale
CHEERS LOVE THE CAVALRY'S HERE!
I'm in LA this summer so the problem is finding a place to stay for the vegas tournament, if i get that lucky to get some time off work.
Loving the McDonGod now. What a motherfucking beast.
Which is why as a UCLA student I'm so excited for Lonzo Ball. Length, athleticism, court vision, incredible passing, AND a good shot (as ugly as the stroke may be)
Prince Zuko - a Dragon / firebender who is searching to fix the mistakes of his past (goran dragic)
I'm most excited about Chriss. As for Len, I think he still starts at 5, because that is his most natural position. TBH, I think what's going to happen is that Chriss and Bender will battle for minutes at the 4 until they can carve out a role together -- Chriss I expect to get the minutes upfront while Bender takes time to develop. I don't expect either Chriss or Bender to play more than 5 mpg at the center, too, barring injuries to Len / Chandler. I'm thinking we can see a good amount of Bender / Chandler lineups where we get an inside presence with outside shooting, or Chriss / Len lineups with an athletic presence with some back to the basket game. Or, we can swap Bender and Chriss and see a hyper-athletic Lob City in Chandler / Chriss and then open up the floor with Len / Bender (who have sky-high defensive potential)
=/ if I end up going, I'll try and take pictures for all of us
huh
It was actually pretty good, we didn't know he was going to regress to terrible not-playing-defense levels though
None whatsoever
meeting in the wcsf only to get BTFO by the suns
Trying to figure out plans for LV summer league. The largest problem is finding a place to crash, whether its a place outside of the strip or if its with my friends who are celebrating a 21st birthday (but I can't join because I'm 20)
I'm getting Blake Griffin vibes more than Lebron James vibes
Ulis / who cares / who cares / Chriss / Bender is still lit as fuck
thanks for pointing it out, i'm a little bummed that we don't get to see book and teej destroy the summer league scrubs but still hype
What about you, David? Thinking about coming back to Golden State?
Yeah I just don't see that happening. It's one thing to join a team that beat you, it's another to join a team you beat.
I'll start in approximately 5 hours. Drinks of choice: Gaguama Gin and Tonic that's it
I'll start in approximately 5 hours. Drinks of choice: Gaguama Gin and Tonic that's it
Wow, all of these are quite spot on. Do Phoenix!
Expecting that Chriss starts: 8p/6r/2 blocks per game
Markieff moves so much less fluidly, though, and Quese has an insane pogo stick ability
quese really got some [bounce] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lITuHDdhdkw)
That was straight from /u/TheEspo's backlogged set of phrases
ThAT MAN WILL NEVER BE THE SAME
Eggsbenedict mockumberbatch
I cannot lie
LaMarcus sure didn't think it lmfao It being "people will think I'm a sore loser if I go here"
Larry Nance, Jr. on Festus Ezeli
I love that over all permutations of this clip being posted, the first thought is "how the hell does he bite on the pumpfake" every single time
Hold the front door, you cockjuggling thundercunt
Dragic shit
"The suns have no talent on their roster, just look at how they did last year"
no man not yet you're gonna jinx it! I expect 8 wins and 74 losses this year!
that was pretty much the most frustrating experience to go through. 6 wins in a row, "holy shit we might be pretty decent", 6 losses in a row, "and we suck again", dragic blows up, team blows up, garbage end to season
74-8 don't mean a thing without the ring
one of the great all-time moments of voice clips captured by the microphone on the rim
Carmelo Anthony went on to hit every single three pointer ever taken possible of all time, in every inch of space, ever.
"Kevin talkin up a storm tonight"
Fuck robert horry
Great for about one month
Warriors, I want to see you all burn
Most of the time when I watch Seagull's VODS on his channel I'm more impressed watching their mercy, Shayed, just run around and be the best fucking mercy ever
All the other thon makers are just some age fakers
bruh who ISN'T made for the Spurs other than Michael Beasley and Russell Westbrook. Even still, those guys would end up winning a ring for SA.
I hate this argument
but she caught me on the sofa
That's by FAR the best starting lineup in te league, right?
Damn I wanna see Marquese on Players Tribune now
Walleye and Kelp Dome absolutely get my vote. The last stage is a bit of a tossup for me though, it'll probably be Museum for me
I love it. It's just so open and there's so much to ink, you're almost always with a special charged.
Hills are fundamentally terrible for a game in which the bullets travel in arcs. This makes two of the main areas a pain in the ass for me
not as bad as urchin underpass. Flounder is "hilly" but it's just mostly the ramps and then the place where the rainmaker normally goes, and those two are accessible from multiple angles. Walleye's got none, Kelp dome has pretty much none, and most "hill" areas are actually more like boxes. Urchin's hill is just ridiculous, though.
