Damn their continuity
Well then watch Bento. Its about the great quest for Bento and kicking the shit out of other people to get it. Good animation too.
I couldnt watch strike witches for this same reason.
Lets bring up an anime that isnt perverted and still has a badass tank. Valkyria Chronicles.
The Fifth Element.
I always kept some old laser tanks and a few hover tanks in the store rooms just in case that main squad is out scenario ever happened.
Fuck that, once they started to hit the waiting lines... game over.
The nighttime one should drop off a downvote before receiving upvote
How could you miss that amazing instagram plug? &gt;Thanks! Everyone has enjoyed it &amp; expressed support. Check out my hairdresser's instagram: instagram.com/kenziethehappyfairy/
Duck had priorities.
Hi Everybody!
How else are we to introduce a prehistoric pathogen into the population?
All you need it 1 map with well placed starting positions and bam, FFA is a thing. And you dont balance those modes. They are fun, thats it.
I do. Need Italian Amedeo Guillet commander.
Then the way he walked off immediately
He's got to be my favorite. Shows what an Italian was capable of even if they got rekt in the overall war. Its hard to find good information of any forces not German, US, Brit, or Russian (western campaign). I love finding out about the other players. The eastern Manchurian campaign for Russia is also really interesting to look into.
USF - rifle focus with medium armor play Werhmacht - flexible army around rifles or support weapons with medium and heavy armor options Soviet - flexible army with cheaper rifles and support weapons. Can do a medium armor focus or heavy armor call ins. OKW - support army with front line base options, quirky vehicles, heaviest armor in the game and assault engineers. Odd assortment of light to heavy options available
Something something plans are useless but planning is invaluable - Patton
Since that was how the first AC started I never played any of them. I really wish the animus was never a thing.
The m16 is the same price as the m60 which is ridiculous. An AK is only about 25 cents a shot. An m60 should be around $1 a bullet. M16 should be ~~15 to 20 cents.~~ 30-35 cents
Fun part is you can change the average parts up. Now brace yourself as an attractive woman on the internet. This thread invites ruin!
Dude i feel you. We're so middle road its ridiculous. Its like pic a side features, ugly or good looking. Not ugly enough to shun, not good looking enough to pursue.
Thats what I get for being old these days. Couldn't find it for less than about 30 cents a shot. Ammo has been in a shortage for what seems like forever now.
Give a GR 2 ancestor rings and throw high crit knives all day. My GR is basically my stress control because she crits so often.
Bring a PD to a cannon fight. Throw the crackle bomb to stun the rifleman and cannon match lighter and you only have to deal with 1 blademan while you focus down the cannon. Plague doctor is amazing. It can stun 2 targets in a fight.
They desert and a dungeon later in a random room you should have to fight them.
Blur did my favorite trailer of all time with Rise of Legends.
I started a SoK grind in the earliest part of the dungeon you could. Found the sword and continued with the game. By the time I got out of there I had 4 swords.
Same here. Mr. Wilson you were a G with your last call for ice cream.
Americans shot prisoners of war and raped german civilians but that was missing from the first CoH. That happened. I have a feeling someone would just downvote and keep their double standard but that fucking happened.
And we can recognize that every single nation committed rape, looting, and even murder during ww2. Its a war. That being said the game is called Company of Heroes not Company of War Crimes.
Oh the murder of all those partisans just didn't happen in your campaign I guess. Or murdering all of your own people inside their homes with fire. You must of played a different game.
It wasn't intentional. But I like to imagine it was and that was some Gundam Wing level piloting.
All infantry models have 80 hp.
That happens when someone invades your country and deems you subhuman. 9 million lives sacrificed for an ungrateful world. And yet you miss the point completely. Its company of heroes buddy. Not company of criminals.
Mail order that bride. From what i hear you got about an 80% chance of those working.
Yet if they weren't there and didn't throw those soldiers into the fray you'd either be speaking German or Europe would just be Britain and Germany. But thank you for proving the point of this conversation. The west doesn't give a shit about Russia and never has despite relying on them to do 80% of the heavy lifting.
And with all these mechanisms in play it was a handful of top governing officials making these decisions but it served to demonize several tens of millions of people who actually did the dirty business of winning World War 2.
Gen 10s are fools who failed to see the superiority of the watermelon tag. Gen 9 for life bitches.
I'm more for understanding the parties involved and giving credit where credit is due rather. In respects to depicting a side in a game using the term heroes loosely they didn't do a very good job.
I think it was a sarcastic crass remark parroting the one made in that top comment summarizing silvermans work and efforts while being denied funding.
Yeah, for being as intent as you are at being correct, you can see what he said right there. And he didn't say what you said he did.
Unless you wrecked somewhere below Chile and hit that one band of water that goes all the way around the globe.
I dunno I saw The Cure once and now I don't have cancer. I may not have had cancer before.
Poo should be surrounded by his fangirls.
Thank you. That allowed me to find the specific video. You were right! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07S6rFgOSdg&amp;noredirect=1
Tight community? Half of us here are old players who quit and continue to watch the plane crash and burn. The other half is mixed between people willing to defend the games mistakes and those that point out the mistakes in an ill fated attempt to make the game better. In the end, none of these people agree on anything.
Yeah, you never snapped their neck. This actually happens all the time. Between grunts and specters. And if you shoot one before it kills the other they thank you. On the flip side, if their team killed you before you snapped their neck they would still be alive.
I have a feeling there won't be a single prominent Bothan featured in that movie if they even have Bothans depicted at all. And I will be *pissed*. Bothan Commandos were legit. -edit: Apparently that was DS2 instead of the first but Bothans still need to make a film appearance.
Or could be on PC which allows for actual good recordings.
Normal paratroopers would just have to go to base to buy bazookas. And they actually arn't that bad at all. Especially with a soviet ally who has mark target. And they are an option for AT, not your only answer. To supplement jacksons you choose them or 57mm. If you invested into a flak HT or a scott, it could be what you need.
Or murdering the Kastark boy with a chain when he escaped. Which led to the Karstarks murdering 2 lannister boys. Which caused Rob to kill the head of the Karstarks. Which led to them taking the majority of Robs outnumbered army home. Which makes him try to ally again with the Freys. Which didnt work out at all. Rob was actually pretty damn retarded looking back.
GRRM: Bring me the girl and the wookie. Huahuahuah.
That was the shows reasoning just so you know. The book was the cousin. Show was the Karstark boy, which inadvertently leads to the red wedding in the show.
Right now golem cores don't really have anything that differentiates them. The stats used right now are too small. This might change in the future. That being said the easiest way to get cores is to just grow a ton of wheat, or mine out a bunch of dirt and just let it sit around. You could have a fenced in farm that only has 1 exit/entrance to spawn golems in. Straw golems are so weak theres almost no threat to even an untrained farmer gnome. If RoboBob ever changes so that there is a benefit you would just want to collect whatever resource your trying to get a core from and stockpile it and undesignate the stockpile, and just wait. But there's just no reason to do that right now.
Straw :p
Really the biggest difference is consistency. Coh2 has random number generator mechanics. Shots can miss or bounce. Coh1 is much more consistent in damage. Take from that what you will.
He really should go to inXile
When you take your first shot and find out your scope is messed up, generally you can see in what direction it went off target. Then, if you're actually a good shot, you adjust and actually land the second shot right where you want it.
Which is perfectly fine. Do you consider yourself a marksmen of any sort?
I liked him in guardians of the galaxy. I like jurassic park. But im not sold on this "im the alpha, raptors are my bitch" character.
Now do the math taking that money from the super bowl stunt and do something with Fifa that had 3 billion viewers. Become the official manufacturer and sponsor of vevuvelas.
Ive had that epiphany a few times in life. Its the same ones all vegans and vegetarians have. I've just consigned myself to never hang out with a cow. Cognitive dissonance. Animals are much smarter than given credit for, but remain delicious.
I only ever bought Halos for the split screen coop. But times change. Most of my friends dont live anywhere near me. As long as coop remains in some form, thats all that matters. Ill take an epic experience over local split screen.
Why are they getting out of the trench? Fucking dog company man.
"There's some kids starving in Africa!" Oh yeah so let me be a gluttonous fat ass and eat more than I need.
They should also get an accuracy bump to at least be on par with conscripts. They have atrocious accuracy values.
A speeding ticket really can destroy lives taking a few hundred away from people who don't have much.
All I want is a very simple combo system. The sword and gunplay was pretty sweet, but the sword play was missing just a little bit of magic to tie it all together. Like instead of just slash slash slash being your option, they should tie in some animations for slash slash blow the shit out of them with your magic.
While I really want to agree, as I remember that boss fight in the lava pit I had to restart like 30 times, but it felt so so good beating that shit. Brought back memories of how gaming used to be in terms of having a level that was just difficult as shit.
I remember there was some stuff in line with single abilities, but there was no way to cleanly chain 2 different abilities. You want to wave attack? Thats all your gonna do. It's been awhile for me too so it's hard to articulate but it seemed locked into one moveset. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the shit out of Shadow Warrior.
He said "Take Care". Thats 2 words! This discrepancy on reddit must be corrected!
Reminded me of the picture on reddit yesterday. I couldn't find the imgur one with everybody, but here's the slide that's relevant. http://oddstuffmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/athletebodies02.jpg "Bodybuilders" vs "weightlifters"
If they did a week of having the physics back to where you could ride vehicles I would be back so fast. I get it, 9 MAXs on a scythe is stupid. But your playerbase would explode. Plus the trailer of hopping on air vehicles would be possible rather than impossible as it is now. I always hated that trailer.
Can you describe what makes the mod fun or good?
Should have this dogs face superimposed over the dr who tunnel with the 1963 theme playing.
One reason would be a lot of people never gave it a chance. A second reason was it was limited to Origin for PC. Not being on Steam is pretty much a death sentence for a game, with a few exceptions. Third, that map pack split really did ding the player base. Releasing maps for free later helped, but it was kinda too little too late. And really, the smart pistol drama didn't help the game sell. I and many others had/have no problem with it, but it does limit your appeal to those who find such weapons distasteful.
Ive never heard of this subreddit till this recent drama. Now i see fat hate everywhere. Before: no exposure. Now: full, unwanted, hard to remove exposure. Good job mods.
It used to be. Under the former owners.
Roose Bolton.
One way would to designate or vote for a leader. OWS went on for far too long with people saying "oh we dont have a leader!". And that's why you accomplished jack shit.
Dlc or microtransactions are only refunded for valve titles. Suck it up.
Microtransactions or dlc refunds are only available for valve titles.
So elegant to fill rubber skins with a finite limited resource to kill whales. So elegant.
If being rich and enjoying the spotlight is ruling people have done it longer than her. Comparing a figurehead to an actual ruler is a bit disingenuous.
You.... You do know when the first one came out dont you? Does your computer run at least windows 3.1 or windows 95? You're good.
As the sword is sorta what the game is all about you may wish to just stick to serious sam or doom. As i didnt have any issues with the game, but i used the sword.
Doom Guy, Serious Sam, Wang, and Duke. What a team.
You didn't read the article. There was 1 hot air balloon. The rest were helium balloons.
Read the fucking article
Build one on top :P
Did this happen recently? As its an old school bug but it happens really infrequently.
Wouldnt mind a grunt with a jetpack or something. Just not full on AI pilots.
The dragon in the books didn't give a shit about Dany, only cares about the blood and carnage, and Dany used a fucking whip to beat him into submission before he burned her alive. Book Dany is best Dany. Not this meek little doll who hesitantly climbs her little child when its being actively attacked by thrown spears. Get a fucking move on girl so we can see a poorly CGI'd flight scene.
Its no different from the camp followers of ancient times. When you marched with 10 or 20 thousand soldiers you also had their families, supply trainers, brothels, gambling halls, and all sorts following the soldiers around.
Its not impossible. OP didnt read his own link. Sometimes the lake is gone entirely. You do not need to measure its depth as you can just wait till its empty. That, and when its full of water the depth changes. Its a stupid scenario to even be deconstructing. This TIL is dumb.
Drug problem? Eh. No biggie. But the rumor I heard was shes got warts.
If by deficient you mean retarded, which we all know you do, you can't change that. But you can change the asshole. You seem to have worded that that the oblivious guy can be changed while the asshole makes his choice. We saw Kelso grow up. And he was still retarded. Hyde meanwhile turned into a pretty decent guy.
Hyde and Foreman were best friends. Kelso was a funny idiot and Fez was a hanger on. It's amazing to me how many people never had a friend like Hyde.
Welcome to hel-... I mean reddit.
Checking my saves we have: Outpost Laria - 1 year The Lonely Tower - 3 years Malachite Village - 6 years Arkadia - 7 years Wateria - 8 years (damn you water mechanics!) Deep Downs - 40 years Gnomepire - 42 years .... AMA
[Plebian!](http://www.poppowwow.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/tetris.jpg)
Well at least there's a vague internet history of this logged. I mean if you were down for such a scenario with a willing partner I would be excepting notarized letters of consent or some shit in todays age.
Idle paces around. Sitting at a chair you have a "job" of sorts assigned.
Chinese tourists give notoriously few fucks
Seeing as hows its never really been done I want a game that does future tech right. The game where everyone and everything is overpowered. The stupidest thing to me is playing some future shooter like doom 3 and having 30-50 bullets only in a magazine.
In 1v1 you arn't smurfing after 10 games. You're in the matchmaking. I as a 3 time Prestige lvl 100, if I wanted to play noobs I can just mix in 1 different player into our team games and we get 10 new games against new people.
Because besides facial hair and hairstyle unless you get into a horrific accident you don't look that different from 5 year time changes. "It's almost like its the same person!".
Not really. The sale includes a boat plus a mainland boat dock. I imagine you wouldn't want to live there all the time either. I can fit damn nears a week worth of food supplies in a simple backpack. Get a water reclaiming system set up and you just eliminated 90% of the weight of a resupply.
Designed to be fun? Look up the Planetside 2 video about nerfing fun. Their reasoning there was "balance" but it made for a far less enjoyable experience.
You posted too much for knowing too little. Pilots get a radar warning before a missile is ever fired. Just look at vietnam pilot reports.
The island is regularly supplied with high class escorts.
About 11 million
Good find. I didn't think about it till your post but makes sense.
Except they really don't. Besides being taller. Theon looks like Reek already.
He owed him one courtesy. And he delivered.
Live by the ego die by the ego. When keeping it real goes completely as expected.
It doesn't happen often, but just to brighten your day sometimes when a USF soldier lies dying and wounded, you can hear him say "momma.." right before he expires.
It's simple. We must kill the Deerman.
I wish I could strap a hunter killer missile to the side of it or something. It's a perfectly good chassis being under utilized.
While I can't claim to be an end source, as I just used to update the wiki a lot and have more time logged than I like to admit, I can confirm in whatever capacity that is that this is indeed what happened.
[Some of these lines can get intense](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5lqyYLb0m0) Despite the bad accent. Some of the ones that stuck out to me was "new guys stay on my ass" and "I think we'll win eventually yes, I just don't think any of us will live to see it" - German soldier
It makes gathering narco berries stupid easy
There really is something special about 316 but were already max popped 24/7
Well, that did happen in Fallout 1. Another vault guys corpse is right outside the vault.
Nope, only scorps. Roaches were an F2 addition.
My 2 favorite games right now are Gnomoria and Ark: Survival Evolved. Both early access. Ive sunk hundreds of hours into both. No regrets. Ark is pretty damn amazing. It puts Rust and Day Z to shame. And it actually gets updated.
You should of included the stat screen for it!
There's 2 stats you need to consider. Health, and torpor. When it reaches max torpor it's out. Tranq arrows and a low melee attack scorpion have the highest damage/torpor ratio, followed by slingshot and then fists. If you train a scorpion for the task of knocking stuff out, raise anything you want except melee damage. Animals can vary in torpor levels but you'll find things like Brontosaurus, TRex, and Spinosaurus (excluding that death trap of an ocean) have the highest torpor.
It wouldnt
Dhanayris. khaleesi however you spell her name. Lets see how game of thrones plays out taking away one of the biggest and lamest characters.
1 then 2. The series used to have true sequels and tightly controlled lore. That didn't happen with 3. 1 ties into 2. 3 has nothing to do with anything and is full of shoehorned elements.
It should have higher base stats all around. Its just randomly assigned.
Just the issue of tangible bullshit rewards for a preorder that walks the same line as pay to win.
EA is more like Stalin. Decimating its own forces and taking massive losses but can still claim to be winning.
Heres an easy way to put it. Imagine it were BF2 or BFBC2. Most of us have played that. It would be like starting out with the carl gustav while everyone else can only use the RPG 7. A guided missile is almost always better than a straight shot rocket.
I could see medium dinos like trikes, stegas, and carnos have 2 seats while small dinos only have one, with large ones having 3-5+
Not to mention Ark where a mistake can cost you multiple hours work if not more
Not just that. Anyone can make grenades. You dont need anything in a cave to make them. So train an anklyo and grab a few grenades and that metal gate is done. Also what the hell is OP bitching about? Game and content is patched daily, and its early access. If that's an issue for you, you are NOT the type of player who should be buying early access. You have to know what to expect.
Tribe up or gtfo. If you cant protect your assests you shouldnt have them. You have PvE options specifically for you.
What were going to see is the opposite. Caving in to people who refuse to tribe and cant be online to protect solo players stuff. Play single player or PvE. If you play on a PvPvE server you cant bitch at the PvP part. If someone has 8 hours that you dont theres no fixing that.
Id like to try it out myself before i confirm anything
Thats a problem with the mentality of that server. Mine at least this is no one big faction precisely because someone can be smashed if they are deemed a threat. It doesnt stop the game at all. There is no funfamental problem. Go guerilla warfare on their ass if they are the big guys. Split their dinos and get them killed. Steal their shit. Only build sleeping bags and temporary 1 tile bed structures all over the island. But your assuming people just want to build. They have a server for them. Its PvE. And if someone cant handle either of those options they yet have another option of playing on an unofficial server with some nancy admins who can wield their little power stick when someone gets what they perceive to be out of line.
It was 1000 because I have the emails direct to the developer telling him 1000 is too high. So, yeah. I dont think you can convince me otherwise having such definitive proof.
You miss the point. Opportunity is the name of the game. Get people who can cover the tribe base while you yourself are asleep. You guys cant handle the challenge and aren't taking the proper precautions to play in such an environment.
You dont even have to gtfo. One person on our server is happily known as a lone wolf who causes havoc. But if you cant handle loss go to the server that minimizes it.
Shit on the little guy. That's the point. If the little guy doesn't like it, he can go guerrilla warfare or find a tribe. If you want to play by yourself, *play by yourself*.
Our base was in the middle of the map. On a river. Funny enough it was the hardest to find. Everybody else built in that cool canyon or mountaintop or easily defended XYZ. We just built right there at the river's edge. Other people got smashed. We had 20 dino's including 3 rexes, 2 spinos, and 2 brontos that had been just chilling there for 3 days before the reset today. Some people seem to have zero imagination. We turned this wide open base into a death field.
A Tribe of newer players who don't want to entertain the idea of getting bigger than 4 and also failing to realize you can put spike traps on the roof of your base and completely deny flyers. Don't expect to just walk into the dog yard and expect to keep up. Learn. Get Better.
It's not, and it's not. I'm sorry that a very valid form of warfare is particularly devastating to you, but waiting till your enemy sleeps is a classic. We we're worried we might not be awake. So we recruited people on opposite time zones, and then we merged tribes. We are now protected 24/7. It's as simple as you don't want to put in the time and effort to either grow in members or ally with friendly tribes for protection.
The balance of power is completely set by the players. If you dont want dinos potentially wrecking shit go metal. Even a 1 tile box is all you need. But i have a feeling you imagine a full fort in metal. Thats getting ahead of yourself. Our wood fort was fine and we dropped the lvl 50 trex coming at aa with tranq arrows. There are ways to plan and win. People complaining are not exploring them.
Go read the patch notes. I worked with him on the matter directly. You really are not correct on this one.
Let the record show this redditor attempted to jump an entire line of the song. As for us singing it in our head you ruined the tempo!
After that reset we got rid of a bunch of people who couldn't handle such a game. Now more than ever is a reason NOT to neuter the game. Spike traps are NOT hard to acquire and you can put multiple rows of them down. My server has seen an explosion of activity. There is no reason to protect people from raiding because ALL of the tools are already available and people are just refusing to use them.
Likely a tulip rocket
When I was a kid my brother and sister would totally take a stance against bullies. It was only later when we grew older we hated each other.
While true and I have no issue it occurred to me this might be the basis for gender rolls. Little sisters always needing protection from a big brother and learning to rely on it.
I eagerly await this. I need to expand my foreign animation exposure outside of anime.
I'm not really going to delve into how it bleeds outside of siblings every time. An arbitrary idea of some sort of fictitious code isn't going to change how people treat other genders based on their most frequent first hand experiences of doing so.
Hes always come off as a bit of a dick to me. If you link something he acts like hes admin of the whole site trying to enforce rules.
It was propaganda from monkeys. What do you expect? Reason and logic?
Your parents didn't love you. Dinosaur nuggets or gtfo.
They really are rejected cardboard refuse.
This thread bothers me as it's only 4 months old but people acting like something can't happen that was [discovered over 5 years ago](http://www.dailygalaxy.com/my_weblog/2010/12/epic-discovery-nasa-discovers-new-non-dna-based-life-form-to-be-annouced-at-2-pm-est.html). Non-carbon based life was already found.
$2 at the Chicken Coop in Newport. Tried to win one to set it free.
I remember before the GECK came out and the only way to change Fallout 3 was with console commands, I had my followers pretty balanced on stats and hit points while never dying, but just falling unconscious for a few minutes. Allowed for really awesome crazy fire fights between my band of dirty mobsters vs the wasteland. Having followers go unconscious for X amount of time seemed to be the best way of not feeling like your cheesing but also retaining the numbers in your ranks to make the game more of a squad combat thing.
Unless they use their lmg ability that grants suppression
I had 16 dilos and was dropping trexes before getting to that number. Always level health. More dilos is more damage. You want them to survive fights.
I don't care what happened Titanfall 2 needs to have crazy over the top executions. I need to see a Titan suplexed. Preferably by Sabin what i'll take what I can get.
I mean it was. Now it's just a reposted TIL that is mostly false, and never really was true from the time it was posted. Good luck finding a perfumer who would still even buy ambergris let alone pay that much for it. They have long since transitioned into other alternatives. This is a TIL for 20 years ago that is no longer relevant today.
He selects a 2nd egg because he says "shit shit" because he cracked the first egg.
That would require good story telling. Now look at this shiny armor.
Its not unique to Star Wars. Its any fictional history. Its treated akin to real history. You don't just go changing it willy nilly. Sometimes, rarely, retcons can be a good thing. Traditionally they are a sign of people working on a project for financial gain rather than a passion for the content. They just dont care about whats established and just pump out universe content for the sake of it. Comics have gotten away with this for a long time with multiverse theory and that helps me justify it with other franchises, although I myself do get upset with it when it involves stories and universes I highly enjoyed. Warcraft and Fallout are two examples where I think the story has not improved but has been severely tarnished with each new iteration. While the new Star Wars is enjoyable and a good movie it could have addressed a smattering of details to appease fans and be a good *Star Wars* movie. To many it was just Episode 4, 2. I would go into detail but you know, spoilers.
Yet was still foiled by... an x-wing.
I think Rei should of done some sort of cage fighting at night to earn extra credits and show she has some sort of fighting skill. Beating up the thugs with her stick just wasn't enough credit. She was a scavenger, but just have her moonlight as a fighter because Kylo Ren ended up looking like a huge pussy. Then for Deathstar Mk.III? Still taken down by a handful of X-Wings? No capital ships? Frigates? Nothing? 50,000 Tie-Fighters and 30 Star Destroyers arn't standing guard on this thing? They had the resources to build it but not defend it? God damnit. A major ship battle even just having taken place in the background would of been fantastic. Instead we get... more X-Wings. Not even any B-Wings, or Y-Wings. Certainly no A-Wings. Not a shitload of X-Wings either. Like, 50. If that.
Yet the 40 something year old lady behind me still said "Father??" and later with the vader-kylo connection "Grand father?!?!". She clearly understood all the characters and story otherwise but I was ready to break down family trees or at least remind her luke and leia are siblings.
It's a little early so let me try and follow on this subject accurately. I don't really feel obligated to accept and reconcile the substandard content of series I enjoy rather I just accept as fact "this is what i'm going to get". I don't have the personal finances or ability to generate this kind of content myself, and must rely on the industry. **What has incessant complaining gotten any fan of a series?**(edit, case in point my last post is already -1 before finishing this one. Just talking about it leads to people hating on you for pointing out perfectly justifiable things). Mostly derision and a justification to why a story can be lacking. It's just a tired argument. I rather spend time justifying my enjoyment rather than justifying my dislike for a product, while still recognizing for certain intellectual properties that just can't happen. Mostly Fallout and Warcraft. The lack of attention to any details firmly established are things I can't reconcile. Now for me *how* things work in a universe does matter to a good degree. To avoid spoilers in this thread I'll use Fallout as an example. West-Tek created the famous FEV virus that created super mutants in a location on the west coast that was a top secret research facility with 1 other location being the nearby mariposa military base shortly before the nuclear bombs fell that created the world of Fallout. In Fallout 3, it inexplicably shows up on the East Coast in a Vault-Tec facility. These 2 corporations had no relation, and were in fact competitors. I feel this is sloppy story telling. Back to Star Wars, I felt it was a good movie. For me, 2 details could of been included to make it a much better movie without significantly changing any of the story. But that is a spoiler. Going back to addressing universe mechanics, it's actually why I really enjoyed a universe created by author Patrick Rothfuss. In his book magic works on a sort of voodoo level. A good example is if a character wanted to light a candle on the other side of the room, he needs heat. One option is to draw their own body heat to the level needed to light the wick, but that kind of drain can lead to cold shivers. There are quite a few options though. I really like a universe that has a reason why things work. Although personally I don't think the force ever needed midichlorians. Ever.
Recognizing these are works of fiction the closest parallel I can give is real history. You don't get to just alter it. On the flip side there's the comic book approach. No one story is sacred, and any number of different spins have been done. I appreciate both. Lord of the Rings is a series of the former. Batman is a series of the latter. I actually prefer the comic book approach as it doesn't taint whatever continuity has been established in a particular timeline. And the creatives are allowed to work with what they want in respect to those timelines, or any new ones. Believe me the extremes of other side of the aisle are bad. Episodes 1, 2, and 3 for example did pay decent respect to the history and timeline of most things, while lacking any execution. It was miserable. While episode 7 seems to have excellent execution with only a brief glaze of the actual Star Wars universe slapped on. So really there's 2 options. Go with the one universe timeline and pay respect (or don't) to the timeline, or go multiverse and take liberties with it as much as you please. Funny thing is Warcraft is attempting to do the multiverse thing while still making it canon and it's just terrible. They should just admit they wrote themselves into a corner and go with a new take on the same setting. Reboots are perfectly fine imo.
Just for reference none of what I wrote was in defense of the EU. Alright done avoiding spoilers, stop reading if you haven't seen it. Reis ability as a fighter wasn't established firmly for me. If she had some other gig centered around fighting for credits it would of given her credit in defeating an injured Kylo. Second is the lack of the rebel fleet or anything not an x-wing. No A, B or Y wings. No cruisers. No frigates. Nothing but a handful of x'wings to assault a death star the size of a planet, not a moon. Return of the Jedi used a fleet. Something comparable or even bigger should of been needed to address Deathstar 3. Less than 50 X-Wings? Thats dumb. Giving Rei a reason to be a good street fighter and having the rebel fleet would have made the movie for me. Everything else could of been the exact same.
Lore wise they contradict each other and have storylines that intertwine and drop off suddenly. Its an issue arising from those that created the initial story leaving the company and it being picked up by a new quest writer who doesn't pay close attention to what was done before and it ends up with a weak connection to new stuff, or simply not making sense. Its pretty much a perfect case of this very topic. My favorite example being Malygos. An insane dragon that when regaining his sanity declares war on all magic users. Why? To stop the potential invasion of the Burning Legion. Now the BL have conquered thousands of worlds. None have ever withstood it. *Ever*. But in Warcraft 3, you do just that. In no small part because of magic users. Now the BL has a vendetta against Azeroth. You beat off BL invasions no less than 3 times more in WoW. Mostly because of magic users. So now the protector of magic wants to destroy the forces doing the job nobody in the universe ever managed before. This is just one example of the crappy story that is Warcraft.
I just have to point out again none of what I wrote is in defense of the EU. While I am familiar with the EU I preferred Disneys decision to just use episode 6 as a jumping off point.
In regards to the "glaze of starwars" im going to have to break my avoid the soiler rule. It has nothing to do with the EU but everything to do with the original films. Episode 4 had xwings and ywings. By episode 6 you see the evolution of the rebel navy into awings and bwings. Come episode 7 you only see xwings. This is where they got lazy. Adding a few different ships would of shown they know about the universe. That the ywing was an aging design being replaced by the bwing. That the xwing was a space superiority fighter while the awing was an interceptor. Instead to fight the greatest weapon the universe has ever know we get... Xwings. Its just annoying to me that a series that has "war" in its title doesn't have a guy on board that's suppose to make the war and battles seem believable.
Oh i'm sorry I didn't realize discussing something on the internet indicated a status of unchill. Here's a tip, quit reading everything as if the author is upset. You can go ahead and read this one as if they are though, because of your rude comment.
The thing is paying attention to those details just brings things to life that much more. If for instance they wanted to do the hobbled together force, they could of used z-95 headhunters (an early x-wing) and the y-wings they were suppose to replace with b-wings. This is more due to my enjoyment of military hardware though. It would be like doing the Battle of Kursk but for some reason the russians only used Sherman tanks. Sure, Shermans are iconic of the war. But it's not what they should be using. But to most people, I'm sure they wouldn't notice that at all. While to others who know they should be using T34-76 or T34-85 it would drive them nuts. The effect is the same. The Russians win through superior numbers. But the story is wrong. With todays resources, why did episode 7 seem to just have less... stuff in it than episode 4? The first order had enough resources to make Deathstar Mk. III but not even a small nazy of their own? Their wasn't a single star destroyer in orbit over that thing?
He was the aspect of magic, a guardian entrusted with his position by the Titans who formed the world. He went insane when his brother who he trusted fully betrayed their kind and became Deathwing. Most of his flight was wiped out in an instant. He went insane shortly after and remained so until eggs of the Ethereal dragonflight were brought out in his presence. Then he went insane episode 2.
His reasoning was all jacked and and if successful would create the exact scenario he was attempting to avoid. The world would be destroyed by the Burning Legion if he destroyed the worlds best defense against it. And this is a dragon aspect meant to represent wisdom as well.
To elaborate on that point a little, the story was heading in a much different direction in his case. Many quests were done to heal him of his insanity. He literally declares war on his own saviors. Its just a really bad reasoning to be used as a raid boss. It also contradicts everything involving him up to that point. Its obvious he had a story going for him that someone else decided to change for reasons.
I don't know why this upsets you so much.
I would point to the one thing held sacred by Lucas among all things in this regard. The Toys. They had the specs, and the reasoning for why the rebels did what they did. X-wing manufacturers couldn't get an imperial contract, so sold to the alliance. By Jedi, A-wings were explained as the alliance response to tie-fighters, gaining a speed advantage over them. The B-Wing was meant to have a more prominent role in the films, but was too thing to use on the green screens right. The Y-wings were explains as old clunkers still in use by the alliance for their superior armor. This is all stuff established in the 70's and 80's and for all intents and purposes, given proper respects. It wasn't EU material. It was stuff written down the original movie staff and explained by them. That stuff was later cataloged into the books meant to curate the universe for what it was. Just having played with the toys, the games, and reading a few of the technical books this is the kind of stuff I paid attention to since a kid. This feeling: &gt;I mean, I could be upset about your hypothetical WW2 film, but that would be because it's getting something wrong about an actual event is simply the same one anyone has about a fake history they "know" just as much as real history. In regards to: &gt;establishing the film's credentials by using iconic ships and so on I would say the inclusion of nothing but the B-Wing would have established credibility, while the inclusion of other ship variants like the rebel fleet, all of which were assets seen and established in Return of the Jedi, would be going above and beyond to actually make it a better Star Wars movie. Keep in mind none of this changes the overall story. The whole bromance dialogue, similarities with story between 4 and 7, all that could stay. Just at least try and do something bigger and better than the Death Star 2 battle, as the Death Star 3 is clearly bigger and more devastating than either of it's former iterations. Yet took much less to destroy.
I just don't see it as a detriment rather than... Well telling the story. It all comes down to how things evolve. It doesn't matter it I know where Jabbas retinue is from or what they did before they came onto his service. But Y-Wings for example where used because the alliance was a cash strapped faction. That is a story detail I do think is important. Like, in 7 the scale just wasnt felt. Alderaan felt way more powerful than the loss of 5x more planets. The first order doesnt seem to have the presence of the empire but completely outclassed them economically with thr building of death planet. The empire felt big and scary in 4-6. In 7 the first order is just given resources that is some ways are massively superior to the empires while lacking any means to actually sustain it. Why pool resources into death planet rather than military forces? Sure its pedantic but these things stand out. I just dont feel giving it some attention would detract from anything. Rather it would greatly improve it.
While with the empire its just taxes. They were the Old Republic. They just took over everything and had control of thousands of planets. Only in the outer rim was their power not absolute. Grand Moff Tarkin was in the process of clearing and pacifying those areas when he died unexpectedly on Death Star 1. I have no idea what the First Orders holdings are let alone any sort of power base.
How about a news station willing to just throw up the logos when they talk? Is there anything preventing someone from doing that? Even a podcast?
You seem pretty torn up over it. Need a hug buddy?
Hey man whatever floats your boat. Let's leave nothing off the table.
But if I am dog, who is phone?
Maybe a polaroid picture. It wasn't always easy to screenshot.
Ah man my friend just had me pick up battlefield 4 and the first 2 nights was just "7 hitpoints?!? Wtf is this shit?" watching guys take 5 machine gun rounds to the body. Makes me want to make him get RO2.
Actually being able to talk to people and have conversations does in fact grow a person. Whether it being discussion a mutual interest or someone who doesn't agree with your sentiment at all. Kinda like this post. Seems funny to try and discredit the notion from OP themselves.
Bonus, her mother is also her sister
Sara Lee with a bimbo momster? Gotta be a hillbilly.
Open a can of coke?
I gotta ask how long was your longest play through? I love this game but anyone whose played on very large for awhile or gets 100+ population knows the game can get heavy on the computations.
Its just a bit irksome to not actually have any trouble handling the dangers of the game so much as having trouble with the game itself. Albeit after a very long time. Think my best population was 165. Just big insult fights ended up questionable at best, as the game would lag or hiccup right when the 2 sides met.
A couple of ways. Static buildings probably number one. They cant run. Second is emplacement clumps. Mgs, mortars and AT guns can be utterly devastated by an unnoticed or unreacted to barrage. Another is a stunned tank. Another is advancing infantry blobs. Another is area denial.
Thats why you engage in a sector unrelated real quick to try and draw attention off the smoke. It wont always work but when it does, its a game changer.
I've seen the horrible pictures of a girl who tried to hover over a toilet seat by squatting on it, broke it, and damn near cut off her leg. You can too by googling toilet seat cuts girls leg! Apparently also happened to a Chinese man.
A black skyrunner just looks off. Otherwise awesome tattoo.
Make one of those planned cities in some third world country sourcing local labor and materials to create areas that significantly raise living conditions. Then open a school and tech center so I can turn a poor shithole into a mini silicon valley. A planned city in a major country would cost billions. Doing it somewhere people live on $0.17 a day could be a big game changer.
But Hillary Clinton had something to prove! I'm not sure what, but it was something.
You seem to believe the two are mutually exclusive.
A baby having both of its parents around for its formative years grows up a better person. A parent who can be around their new child is more emotionally and mentally stable. This is not specific to a gender. Yeah, they gave birth. Awesome. A week later they are physically capable beings able to enter the work force. At that time your point is completely invalid. Now you just want to see one gender not given the same chance to be with their child because of some twisted view of "deserving it" more.
Much of the modern world supplies paternity leave. So your deluding yourself there. You seem to also associate all men to MRAs and have a vendetta in that regard. Studies have shown employers, employees, and most importantly the child benefits from paternity leave. The only thing benefitting from having exclusive rights for women in that regard is your own ego at getting something others don't have equal access to. Its selfish, immoral, and most important of all, is disrespectful to the well being of the child amongst all the selfish greed your idea represents.
How does it make it harder? In what way does that make any sense? Oh if they are afforded rights we have to take them away from others? Thats not how it works.
You clearly cant answer the question and yet still try to come off with some lame comment? Well thanks for summing it up you literally have no argument.
Not sure how it got in there as I spent most of my time training mobs to town where they got stuck and everybody just gunned it down. A krayt dragon would never make it inside a building.
Hah. Made it into the starport. Nice.
Actually takes a lot of improv with a good imagination rather than preparation.
I reach into the till and grab some cash too
Or just hide the his presence. Palpatine himself hid in front of the jedi council. You generally had to... do stuff to be sensed. And even then you're not pinpointed.
Current C3PO is like the new Jar Jar and it bothers me. At least he was only seen a bit. But he should be seen not heard now.
A good okw if they spot it can break the med hq retreat point and send them back to main base before the rockets hit.
Use the blue base of the flame instead of the orange part to avoid charring.
According to the xray a scary spooky bone man lives inside him.
Krysten Ritter. Especially in Vamps. Mmmm.
Watch Black Sails. Pretty entertaining pirate show. Kinda like Game of Thrones on water.
Its okay Soos they arent taking your abuelita
But she yadda yadda'd over the best part.
The US had also lost nearly every way for the last 40 years. Vietnam, Afghanistan, Libya, and Iraq 2 were all failures. They didn't accomplish anything. In fact it made things much worse. With that track record I wouldn't be trying to emulate US war tactics anytime soon.
Also saddams son was attempting to enter into negotiations with the US. Much like Gaddafi in Libya. Yet having a diplomatic solution on the table we decided fuck it, 20 years of chaos it is.
I think just as many if not more people are sick of western led wars being waged on false ideals. In the black and white of the situation, Russia seems to be taking things seriously while the west continues its policy of dicking around to ensure decades long war. Most people know these wars are waged for economic reasons, not out of any sense of morality. So yeah, I'm sick of that shit as much as your sick of people accepting of Russian involvement.
I see this sub pop up as an insult. Is this really just a place for people of subpar intelligence to collectively insult people they cannot cognitively understand? Sorry I used a big word. Is this a sub for dumdums to make fun of smarty pants?
Ill meet you there and you can explain what syllables and superiority mean. Clearly words with 3 of them takes far too much brain power for lil ol me. Funny that its literally a sub for people to get a false sense of superiority.
If you never fought a large piat blob with infantry good for you. Its not fun. (it rekts shit).
Its pretty brutal. 4 squads is just launching 8 indirect explosives at a pretty good pace. Really hard to deal with actually.
Id honestly be so pissed off id just shrink wrap the box back up complete with drywall to return it and exchange for a real one.
I like how every concealed carry user on that forum acts like their life is in danger every time they go to the movies or grocery shopping. Oh no you're local market won't let you carry? Maybe try frequenting establishments that allow your carry habits. They don't exist? Sorry. Don't carry. Or open up a store that does. Otherwise keep your ego booster in the car.
None of the bottles were open. Risk decreased as antics continued. 4/10
Well if you care enough to know watch dbz abridged on teamfourstar.com. It removes a lot of inane bullshit while redoing the dialogue to be much much funnier. Just get past the 4rth or so episode where it becomes much closer to a series than a quick parody for fun. These guys have been at it for years and the recent releases look better than a lot of shows on TV. Its good stuff. Normal dbz? Not missing much. Dbz abridged? Id say you're missing out quite a bit.
Did you listen to the same youtube video? Because she was specifically talking about a nonconsenting male with a limp dick and how to get around that. I hate posts like yours because I don't agree with the video but you're spreading blatant lies. And you don't need to. You have plenty to work with to get riled up. You don't need to start lying. Again, plenty to get pissed about without making shit up.
I think you and others are missing out on context and imparting much of your own thoughts on the matter. You talk about implication. She recognizes she is a tiny physically unimposing woman who would be fought off. Her scenario involves a ruffie for gods sake. Your saying erection implies consent. She's specifically talking about the need to render someone unconscious removing ALL consent. But hey people can continue to make shit up for their great rage.
She also talks about rendering them unconscious so how does being unconscious factor into it? She's pretty damn specific about talking about unconsensual sex but if you need to male things up to have your little internet rage go for it.
Hah. Yes cherry picking the video to support your own ignorant thought process does not make you correct. Continue your misplaced rage and go ahead and divulge into name calling. Although I would say without any intent to insult you, you should work on your ability to understand. You cant understand someone in a video explaining a simple thought experiment and you aren't open to an explanation, rather doubling down on ignorance. Watch the video a few times.
What a shitty look out
You say both that her implication is X while saying you don't think she realizes what her implication is. This is a contradictory position. So knowing better you still go after a falsehood. You clearly recognize you know what she means, yet still pursue the false implication. That's making stuff up to be mad.
Leaving behind a usb drive. Not become it.
"Oh yeah I saw Event Horizon too. Wait.. Were not going to hell are we?"
Did the drifting thing awhile. Set up an old computer at a friend's place to game on occasionally. Ended up getting recommended for a job through my gaming buddy I never met but played with over 2 years. Ended up getting the job making twice as much as any job I ever had. Allowed me to afford my apartment and live a normal life.
Crowbars. Crowbars everywhere.
M8 scott goes up in 2 hits as well. Quite frustrating.
Bull fighting
I dunno letting your son rot in a nazi prison till he died is pretty harsh.
For sure but had the exact same hull and armor of a stuart.
Same here but I'm still bothered more by my childhood action series Exosquad being cancelled. Such....a good....show. Mechs and jump troopers.
Yah. Wife sale. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wife_selling Seriously people its only very recently most of human society saw women as anywhere near equal to men.
For sure. Only drove him into a suicidal depression preventing him from marrying the girl of his choosing. Then mocking him for it. &gt;While Stalin and his wife were arguing about this, a shot was heard from Yakov's room. Yakov had shot himself but survived. While she tended to his wounds and sent for a doctor, all his father said was, "He can't even shoot straight". Best Dad ever.
Its the whole internet rage which isn't obviously thrashing in your chair rather than a condescending tone. We're all familiar with that keyboard warrior. Its what was popping up in the thread. People calling her a whore or a dumb bitch thinking she condones rape. It amazes me how people cant understand context. People cant be candid because others will misunderstand their position to such a vast degree.
Well fuck. I just got so happy remembering why I love Alan Rickman and then bam. This comment.
Just like in the movie!
Super excited at release? Thinks its good first few weeks? Falls apart under scrutiny? Sounds like trademark Star Wars.
Oh man speaking of that era a modern Secret of Evermore would be amazing.
Man i just imagined that scene if Samuel L just demanded he go street beat down on Palpatine. Just using hard swings, kicks, and force pushes to try and get the upper hand on him rather than that senior aquatic freestyle from that scene.
Into the ceiling
[I imagine it went down like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFtyh-5LPxw)
Theres a video youtube linked me to right after. Guy who lost a leg sees the same episode. Notices he has a similar blanket. Gets appraised for 100-200k, then goes to auction. Gets a much higher price. Basically changes his life.
They dont really know about it. I really like history. I really like learning it. Unfortunately this isn't the same for the average american. They would have no idea where the countries in question are let alone what happened in them.
Plants definitely are the best answer. Get approved on bushes. Then just build the fence. Hide the fence in the bushes.
I never used one till I was doing an install job on a google building and noticed they had them. So come time for the business, I of course elected to go with the heated seat bidet toilet. And it was awesome. You could even move the jet around and get a real clean pucker. Seriously it works really well.
Yes they are. Otherwise it's anarchy. Thats why we have society. Humans have to be restricted as we love to revel in excess.
Edit to guidestones "don't let Ragnar_Danneskjold inside".
The one I used might not be 100% accurate on the pucker but you had a little remote to move the stream back and forth. You sit on the whole seat though so no risk running it up your back, and it starts far back enough it wont go between your legs.
Eh. Depends on exposure. As a kid petting a cat was almost a death sentence. But I love cats. I now own a cat. I have no adverse reactions to my own cat. If I pet a strange cat and rub my eye on accident it will itch. But that's it. I remember as a kid being puffed up and couldn't breath at all. I just kept exposing myself to cats.
They keep saying it was the most dangerous movie ever made but nobody even died. There's far more dangerous happenings. Hell the Twilight Zone movie had 3 decapitations. Cant remember the really old black and white that had a flood scene where about 3 people drowned.
Suddenly everyone switched to lion fish and we find ourselves in the exact same situation. Actually that's happened to Sushi a bunch. There's things in the menu that wouldn't have been there 50 years ago. Im sure the lion fish will be devastated in time as well.
Being liked by her constituents doesn't reflect on how good of a congresswoman she is. In fact that's a terrible metric all around when politics is involved
Because the majority of people are fucking retarded
Or a more informed and educated populace. You don't need the benevolent dictator even if it is theoretically the best option. Just stop idiots from voting. Of course easier said than done.
Its an intentional attempt at insurance fraud.
If deer could commit insurance fraud
It worries me how the top comments with hundreds of upvotes are people oblivious to this insurance scam. It was intentional. He wanted to be hit.
You seem intent on creating a narrative where none is. Isn't that what republicans do? Im going to point out your downvoting hypocritical nature in the fact you labeled Republicans as a bunch of morons just a few posts ago. Also an idiot in thinking the benevolent dictator role has to be "liberal". He merely needs to be benevolent.
Just want russian dash cam vids. He looks like every other scammer out there and gives telltale signs.
Oh look you have the same sentiment in this post as the one you were trying to criticize. What a hypocritical dick.
I suggested to make them more educated and you went off on a false narrative. You attempt to put words in peoples mouths. Very republican of you.
Actually the funniest part is you think voters are morons and see a liberal dictator as the most ideal solution yet defend the system because you see an opportunity to be a giant contradictive douche. Gotta say very republican of you.
You don't understand basic concepts. I rather miss sarcasm than possess your level of retardation.
Looking at your post history. Yeah. Oh wait, going against an established history in order to create a new convenient narrative? Sounds like a.... See where this is going? Yeah.
So lets see the candy bowl
Maybe in a replay but don't do that in a match
Far more interested in the candy ash tray
Yah. Seems like a neat lil trinket to have.
Sweet
It actually completely counters his position.
It honestly sounds questionable if most of them even did anything wrong at all.
They weren't fighting. They honestly did some pretty harmless crimes. Most of those actions are now perfectly legal with the sanctions lifted on Iran. The situation in Libya was a different story. The country was still run by Gaddafi and he celebrated anyone who stood up to the west. That guy certainly would not get that reaction today. Its a shit hole over there. Also contrary to belief most Iranians have nothing against the west. I also doubt they would care about a guy who sold maritime equipment. These weren't soldiers.
None of what many did is currently illegal after the lifting of the sanctions. If they did the exact same actions, now, there would be no crime.
Uncle Grandpa? Yeesh. Clarence? What is this a show about a retarded kid? But while I don't actually like Steven in Steven Universe the crystal gems are awesome. So that show gets a pass.
Yah. The first season I was just just like.... Really Steven? You're responsible for the destruction of like, 3 major ancient crystal locations. And Garnet just keeps enabling him! But Lion man. Lion is legit.
Ive seen enough shots hit the ground multiple times in a row to say yes. In some spots, a tank will simply never hit his target. Not once. But on a hill they dont have an issue. Not sure if being elevated grants any bonuses, but being below the unit certainly fucks with canon weapons.
Anybody who did that job would own some flush cuts
I have a big beard. I travel a lot for construction. I was getting pretty offended at breakfast when a woman from the hotel started asking if I stayed there. Showed my room key. Then she asks what room. Then what name is the room under. I'm not homeless lady. I just don't give a shit about appearances.
The ending of Rage. I really liked Rage. Thought it was a great game. But then it just sort of... ends... No boss fight, no conclusion either. You never really face the leaders of the faction you are fighting. You just fight some mutants, then bam, roll credits.
Secret of Evermore. On modern graphics that would be amazing
A bunch of your previous posts are about drooling over guys. Why the double standard?
A lot of people have done Hitler but I think "If you cant handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best" -Hitler Would be perfect
Damn man this is some ignorant stuff. How do men that enjoy the company of strippers ruin it "for the rest of you"? Do you only seek the company of strippers or something? Do you equate all women to strippers? Like wtf man.
Funny enough in a lot of matches if you're the winner saying GG its pretty much an insult. If you lose its more of the etiquette thing.
Trust me that was there long before strippers. I would say that very thing is why strippers/escorts/whatever provide a service. To avoid the whole courtship ritual that sees guys go out of pocket for.... pretty much nothing. The whole Disney-esque poor popper love story just isn't reality.
Ok, I just finished episode 43. And what the fuck man. What the fuck. That's some serious fucking feels and fucked up shit going on emotionally in that shit.
For all intents and purposes [the way i'm watching it appears in that order](http://www.dailymotion.com/playlist/x44km7_steven-universe-s_steven-universe-season-1-episodes/1#video=x3aickx) Also I super related to that episode. I always liked Amethyst the most. Also being an unplanned third child that was... touching. edit: order seems to be off from that list. But continuity has seemed good to me from that link.
Oh I knew that whole "yes" thing was you mentioned before Rose's Scabbard. That was hinted at quite a bit haha. And damn the feel's
Definitely. Im damn glad you mentioned that list as if I saw those 2 in particular late it would definitely be odd
Russians are a 3 v 1 ratio. Russians with vodka would easily push to 5 v 1.
That and the country you're fighting made your aircraft.
I liked his
There are literally handfuls of us
Stare into the abyss.
Around the 1980s births people stopped being exposed to really old black and white tv shows and movies. Id say anyone in their 20s would find it hard to hear the pronunciation properly. Its weird. Its something I've noticed more and more.
I think you can actually. Just dont nerf the little things, like super ATV launches and magrider jumps. People logging in to do crazy shit was part of the fun. Unfortunately they took the opposite approach.
"But she's the best fuck up we got!"
Up. Seems like a happy movie but its a real downer.
To sum up what he said, "Paying the girls to have sex with you"
I don't see a problem here
Thats why you double track it and use 2 engines.
And his penis has been in Mila Kunis
Doesnt sound so bad for the Shiba. Turkey is delicious
Man being a druid towards the end was pretty hacks. Oh no tanks want to go? Ok I'll tank. Shit no healers want to go? Fuck it give me a hunter pet. 4 rogues and me? Shit i'll heal and tank Scholo or Strat myself all day. Saps. Saps everywhere.
[That and ice cream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhF1VidTWok)
Amazing trailer where I never understood why they gave up the high ground to go up against a force with many melee users.
Ireland wanted independence and some resorted to blowing people up to get their message heard.
~~Sweden cannot be invaded. It's too hard. It's the fucking Water Level of Europe in terms of difficulty.~~ ~~Every approach is a mountain pass. Every bridge is rigged to explode. Fighter planes hide in mountain sides. Sweden's never going down.~~ ~~If you were going to nuke something, it would be Sweden~~ Yeah that's Switzerland
You are absolutely right.
I know its almost cliche to mention Warhammer 40k at this point but dude, Warhammer 40k
My whole deal about it was a small group complaining it was about passion. Well, if it was, you can still do a free mod. I want to see the talent that can really bust ass.
Yes. Yes they are. But I really really enjoyed Tactics.
The real problem with Korra is they kept posturing these big armies around the whole god damn series and right up at the end you have the Republic Army about to fight the Earth Kingdom and they they just DON'T as a big fuck you to everybody waiting for that big ass bending war to go down.
Out of 3 game last night 11/12 allied players were brits. The cancer is real.
Crocs awesome. Goliath is underwhelming.
Or whenever they want. Like when Steven handed Garnet a life vest and she threw it overboard and then shapeshifted one on.
And if its Ubisoft, the game will be downgraded before you play it.
I cant remember much about that game except wandering into deserts with enemies far above my level.
This doesn't please me to say it, but he's never hidden that fact. He's actually used that as a mark why he should be elected. He knows the system, the crooks, brides, and everything else. He admits to doing it as its the only way to survive in such a situation. He gleefully admits to these facts. Which actually is a plus for him. I rather have someone say to my face they are corrupt and abusing the system as that's how the system is set up, rather than someone fake smile and tell me how they don't abuse the system they clearly are.
No. That was 30 years ago. While today their standards may not be very high they have the luxury to refuse criminals or even a kid who smoked weed and didn't disclose it.
I would hazard to guess less than 5% have a serious record.
Cant help but see rubies as masculine and Navy as.... YMCA
She's the ruler of Bear Island. Of the house Mormont. She's a tiny lil ball of fire.
It's more strange to comment on the sexuality of genderless space rocks but ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
I've never really heard retribution towards kidnappers. Especially since the victim was not a minor. I didn't read anything regarding rape in that article. I would appreciate either a source or not to spread disinformation even in jest.
Expect what? I saw like 3 comments that were borderline anyway. I saw a dozen of people bitching about comments that don't really exist. Seems like this place is white knight central recently.
You're doing great man. These people who just want to talk shit and insult you are unfortunately part of why the system is so corrupt. Those kind of people don't want to see the change you're advocating for. They are ill informed and ignorant. Fuck em. Keep doing you.
It's a high school football team. Its not exactly hard to get on it. Can you catch a football and not fumble? Can you run? Congrats you made the team. (source: played football in HS, was terrible at it, still made the team)
More like all of ISIS is terrorist. The GOP party ran on some pretty racist platforms. The individuals might not be racist, but the overall strategy of the party was.
Freedom or meowswitch?
I love it when people are guilty of the very actions they protest against.
I want to see this happen if only because I want to see Ruby fight where she isn't owned in 2 seconds like every other time Ruby has been shown. Rubies are all pretty incompetent. I want to see her fight and win.
The old Trump nuclear option.
Except the part where he says bankruptcy results in nobody selling you anything ever again except in cold hard cash. Nobody will for 7 years. Not forever. And the part he assumes parents houses will be used as collateral. The whole "you need to go to college to have a good job" thing is kind of a farce. You can get a much better paying job and a fulfilling life going into a trade starting at $25/hour with potential pay raises every 6 months, benefits, real world experience, and potential for travel. You can get up to $50/hour in many trades and even the lower skilled ones get you $35/hour as a lead.
When did appreciation of hot girls turn into creepy. Reddit has been loving the white knight position. She's a model. Her being pretty is literally her job. Every comment with a girl has a comment like yours, oftentimes with maybe 1 total 12 year old boy post dozens take for the whole thread being full of similar posts.
Which blows my mind. Construction, electricians, AV, plumbing, etc. will always be in demand. That liberal arts degree, nobody cares about. I wish I got into trades a lot sooner in life but at least I didn't get a student loan when I did go to college. (business management degree I don't even use)
Dude threw the busted gun at the poor dudes head on the ground. You can see him twitch when the gun nails him.
Can you screenshot your set up? I did quite a few "temple of bones" training set ups in the past. They have pathing from your dark chamber right?
Asshole neighbors. Roommates. A lil discretion. Edit: and lots of porn
That's nice.
So the area directly below the training area is wide open? I usually just stuck a training area somewhere below -8 with plenty of lighting for the training and pathway to it but dark wide open areas right behind the walls surrounding the training spot, and the floor below it. Screenshots would still be the best way to show your set up. Each tile has a % chance to spawn within something like 27 squares (it's been awhile, don't quote me), so the more open areas you have near the training ground the better spawn rate you obtain.
It's more the entities they create. Mine out a few levels creating a few tens of thousands of dirt and ore piles you might have a slowdown. Sell all that off to merchants and you should see a performance increase.
The beetlepocalypse is probably slowing down your game more than anything else.
Added it
I can't help but think of the guy that dove into the hot springs to save his dog that jumped in not realizing how hot it really was. He didn't make it.
Just to put it in perspective, he immediately suffered ~~1st~~ 3rd degree burns over 100% of his body and went instantly blind. He suffered 4 days in a hospital in unbearable pain before he died.
Just to add the cherry on top of a miserable situation. The immediate words of the man who jumped into the hot spring were, &gt;That was stupid. How bad am I? That was a stupid thing I did He had 100% ~~first~~ third degree burns over his body, he went blind immediately, and his skin was peeling off his body. The skin of his foot came off as someone tried to help by taking his boot off. Jumping into 200°+ water for a dog is pretty stupid. The dog is a goner anyway. Now you're dead, and in probably one of the most miserable ways to die.
Falsch are one of the, if not the most misunderstood infantry of the game. Blob 3 or 4 together (easily done getting that manpower by the time they hit the field) and use their battlefield wide buff. The watch even shock infantry melt. You can't do that with volks. Sturms also need to get way too close to have the same effect.
Through the internet. A series of tubes.
So which half is bullshit and which half is SA able to be held accountable to?
"Can I get some ice cream?" "Just a spoonful!" Still the best vine ever.
Technically bismuth is a metal. Speculation is they might be an entirely different race than the gems. Also what the guy below said about shape being wrong.
Potentially any other of the thousands of gems they haven't used yet. Poudretteite, Morganite, Kunzite, Rhodonite, Pink Tourmaline, etc.
So. What professions do you have enabled? You need builders to build the stations. Click the stations to see what professions then need to be enabled for a gnome to do that job. Carpentry and stone masonry are the most used but that certainly does not cover everything. Stone cutting, tailoring, etc are often needed to procure the supplies needed for the next step. I always start my military day 1 as you quickly become very powerful before goblins ever arrive. 1 armored knight with taunt, 1 or 2 monks with way of the gnome.
I usually take both default builders (or just the gnome with the highest armor rating and replace them with a builder) and 1 of the woodcutters or miners to make a 3 man training team of 2 monks and 1 gnome wearing the default bronze breastplate and helmet you normally start with. I make a new profession with nothing but hauling and building enabled so I can always stop their training if I reeally need extra manpower around. But training can get up really high. I generally like to go slower building up anyway, though it's not really an issue since before a few gnomes would idle around anyway.
Weaker than Steven. He pulled off the grill to the cluster control room when Peri could not.
Not a single gem depicted in the show is a natural cut. They are all faceted gems (smooth tear drop for Lapis). So none of the characters actually look like their natural gem. (except Pearl's being natural formations)
In the show it's just sort of a pink L. The OP artist took some liberties to make it look more bismuth-like.
Wonder if she would be even more stoic than regular Garnet.
The big boxy square part is the conductor housing. If you had a big enough piece of shrink having it go about halfway over the housing to cover both the wire and the housing is what he is stressing. Crappy thing with that charger is how the conductor housing is so wide and awkward.
Yeah it would but not quite what I was thinking. The problem with that picture is the black stuff is going over the location where you need to plug in, so that's a no go. So like with this pic http://i.imgur.com/ONETEsL.jpg you can see it going not over just the wire but the conductor housing too. Or the power plug in this pic: https://www.zippertubing.com/images/types/heat_shrink_wrap.jpg How it goes over the beginning of the plug as well as the wire, not just the wire itself.
So is her best friend hot?
I still don't think it's Bismuth. The reasoning seems a bit forced.
Using the correct term is pretty important when attempting to implement new laws. You won't win any arguments trying to argue new laws with the wrong terms
And using terminology that mass amounts of people misunderstand is a problem that should be rectified rather than doubling down on using the incorrect terms.
Big collection reporting in. I got to buy 1 commander to "own them all". Wondering what to spend points on at this point.
Well, that's kinda the only reason we play. We already own everything.
Jasper's dead
That's... Surprisingly good.
I broke one of these machines once. Shooting up the beach and tried to get a lower angle. Spring snapped like a garage door breaking. Scared the shit out of me.
Oh come on man fuck off
I only hear sound bites from Kanye but this is the one time I've heard him say some really legitimate stuff. He stayed on topic and was really sincere.
Stop being a tard
Eh me and the other guy just mentioned we own everything. Warspoils don't effect us, though we admit it's much better than before. I have literally nothing to spend my points on. (are skins even buyable with points? Thought I only saw a cash value). Its a decent system just 3 years late. Most of us who continue to play on a regular basis don't benefit from this change at all. In fact, a number of us are negatively affected as we cant stack bulletins we were lucky enough to get duplicates of that are decent. Its an easy enough fix as adding in stupidly expensive name plates and camos. Something no newbie would ever spend their points on but veterans could collect. As of now we just watch our point scores get bigger with nothing to do with them.
How old are you? I went to interviews like this. They exist(ed).
Speculation
Angry birds. Wasn't the original called castle crasher or something? I played the shit out of that as a flash game. Now Angry Birds has a fucking movie. Rip offs are kinda the way to go. Also Starcraft Tyranids / Warhammer 40k Zerg. And Warcraft / Warhammer Fantasy Battle. (Warcraft literally started as a Warhammer game until licensing issues)
I didn't know a voluntary fire service could become paid. How does that work?
Nope. Plenty of us out there.
I still don't believe thats a bismuth. A pink L looks nothing like the multi colored metal that bismuth is. Between that and gem placement equaling emotions, they are just 2 theories with nothing to back them up other than fan desire.
Personally I thought it was "generic enemy gem that needs more detail than a Jasper silhouette". But it could be literally anything pink. Shape has almost nothing to do with a gem anyway. Only pearls are shaped "how they should be". Everything else is just a facet cut. They aren't anything specific until the creators assign a shape to a specific gem. Morganite, Pink Tourmaline, Tugtupite, Rhodoschrosite, Flourite, or any of the dozens and dozens of possible pink gems out there could be it. Bismuth just seems like such a stretch.
I almost want to say just get me in touch with whoever makes that suit. I work in a trade that is laughable compared to those listed but feel like a guy in one of those suits wouldn't have any trouble finding work, and could charge a pretty penny.
What's your favorite scary movie?
That could mean somewhere out there is a strawberry rose colony
It's less a flaw in the game and a flaw of you me and a lot of other gamers. I've put down so many games I absolutely loved but since I "broke the cycle" that was it. I never continued them. That being said I played Earthbound like 15 times but that's because I was just enamored with it. It's up to you to decide wether to keep going is worth it to you. It's a great game.
It goes old school. The tells you are doing damage is each change in attack style. But I agree visible damage would be ideal.
Prophecies of Pendor was fantastic
Screaming and shouting and letting it all out?
"I'm very proud of my past. I just don't want to be stuck in it" "But to the world, he will always be little Hercules". Kind of a dick thing to say as the reporter.
Reminds me of this Facebook post so saw tonight. "one thing you who had secure or happy childhoods should understand about those of us who did not: we who control our feelings, who avoid conflicts at all costs or seem to seek them, who are hypersensitive, self-critical, compulsive, workaholic, and above all survivors, we're not that way from perversity. and we cannot just relax and let it go. we've learned to cope in ways you never had to."
30's has been better than everything else so far.
Thousands. Over 2k in Company of Heroes 2 and over 1k in Ark: Survival Evolved.
Maximum capacity. The emotions. The hurt. Hit really close to home. It's when I came to the conclusion this was very much a mature show masquerading as a child's show.
Depending on the facility he is sentenced to it might not actually be all that bad. At 94 I wouldn't want to be travelling around. Food, medical, and everything else is handled in prison. They might be doing this guy a favor.
Keep telling yourself you have as much of a choice as you think you do. You've never experienced total war between nations. Or even have an idea of what it pertains to. He did not have a choice in this matter. If he isn't personally pulling Jews out of line and strangling them your anger is misplaced.
So if someone volunteers to guard a camp of atrocities, but works to not be one of those personally harming people but merely guarding it, as someone has to, preventing someone else from taking that spot to personally engage in murdering people, you want to punish them. Got it.
And if that guy isn't personally in charge of the gas chambers he isn't anymore responsible than those scientists you gave a pass too.
If there is no evidence he did It to personally engage in the atrocities he should rather be thanked for taking that spot from someone who would.
The Americans have no say in this matter whatsoever.
If a guy is a guard, guarding prisoners in a world war between nations, and isn't one of those who would beat, rape, torture, strangle, kick, punch, or otherwise go out of his way to do atrocious things other than simply guarding the place but someone else could have taken the spot who would of done all of the above than yes. It's not twisted. If I was in a fucked up place like Auschwitz and could have a guard who would gouge my eyes out or simply stand there, I'd appreciate the guy who just stood there.
Sure take the cop out of ad hominem attacks. There was going to be a guard there no matter what. The fantasy you entertain of nobody being there is delusional. You act like every single German ever was a Nazi and that entire country should be punished. You ever learn about WW1 buddy? That exact mentality of yours led directly to WW2. That mentality of yours has also led to a disproportionate number of black people in US prisons. All you can think about is punishment without regards to context. You and those like you will perpetuate violence in this world to no end. The hatred has to stop somewhere. He didn't kill people, he didn't beat people, he was a guard during a war. The real troll is one who can't make that distinction and would rather see the world in ruins. Enjoy that food for thought. Go look up the study on electric shocks as directed by those in uniform. People broke down into tears while being "forced" to do this "voluntary" exercise. Your idealist notions are cute but not grounded in reality whatsoever.
And there's also accounts of basically sadists taking those positions. He was a guard. He guarded things. He didn't make the holocaust. He didn't push Nazi agenda. He stood in a spot and made sure people didn't leave. Your anger is unfounded. But hey you super leftists mega liberals are having a great time being apologists. Enjoy those immigrants.
You act like a guard personally went out and slit the throat of Jews. He was a guard. Its that simple. You demonize someone for not wanting to be on the front lines to kill people. He was in his 20's. He didn't enjoy it. He didn't go out of his way to make people even more miserable. He was not Hitler. Now you have people like Merkle just allowing messed up policies to happen because of some ultra-politically correct phase.
They do have a record of his activities when he was a guard. Did you not actually read up about the individual in question and just basing all of your thoughts and actions off of emotion?
I hear yah. It just seems like ultra PC liberalism has taken off in the last decade or two. It's really weird to be at odds with people I'm basically in agreement with on so much but feel they take their idealism too far. Extremism be it left or right doesn't help anyone. Reminds me of the portrayal of Haley in American Dad when they visit the middle east. Just come on guys. You don't need to have "so much respect" for other views you let them walk all over you and then thank them, while simultaneously being so stubborn you refuse to look at the world in a realistic manner. It's like they went so far on the left spectrum they ended up back on the right with intolerance.
Maximum Capacity
I don't think it is. The people busted in these things are usually in some cheap motel and have some dumbass pimps. I've never heard of a high end call girl getting nabbed in a sting.
I gotta say I disagree on the subject of someone guarding a location vs someone giving a vivisection to a person. They are nowhere near close. The doctors and commanders of Auschwitz are one thing. Some of the guards are very much guilty of treating prisoners with brutality. But some snuck prisoners food or medical supplies. Some lobbied for better treatment. This individual did neither the good or the brutality. But your blanket decision would see everybody punished regardless of how they themselves acted. That's just wrong.
Yesh
I agree with you on the point which is why I always saw it weird to thank soldiers for their service when most people never agreed to what they actually did in the service. But there's a quote that goes along the lines of never attribute to malice what can be attributed to ignorance. I don't think these (fictitious example )people were evil and culpable as people are making it out to be. They were ignorant
Those signs in the background haha. Sci fi speed dating! Then Cosplay is not consent!
Thats because you've bought and sold into the notion of copy right law. It doesn't work the same way in the U.S. it does everywhere else. In many places you train copying famous works. Nobody cares about the notion of who made it first. Owning ideas is stupid.
The problem of people only reading headlines and then commenting or reading the comments is really reflected in your post. 2 men bought a fake Goya believing it was real for €270,000 but only pay €20,000 when it was realized it was a fake. Those same 2 men attempted to con someone else by passing the fake Goya as real. A middleman reportedly found a sheikh to buy the Goya for €4,000,000 and paid 1.7 million Swiss francs (€1.5 million) as a deposit. The 2 con men paid the middleman a €300,000 premium to the middleman who had introduced them to the sheikh. In order to do so, they had asked a friend to lend them the money, promising to give it back the following day, with an extra €80,000. TL:DR 2 brothers got scammed out of a very real €300,000 while trying to scam others out of €4,000,000 with a fake Goya
So your idea of a joke is to just post the ignorant comment that is quite literally everywhere on reddit, in a non joke form, and expect people to get it instead of assume your just another one of the 10's of thousands of idiots doing exactly that? And you really think of those 400 upvotes those arnt people who didn't read the article and are those exact same people? Just what is the joke oh mighty funny one?
You haven't been on reddit long if you haven't picked up on people jumping straight to the comments for a summary of what's in the article. Then you notice the people posting who clearly haven't read the article. There's nothing in your post that suggests a joke. Rather you just didn't read the story and have summarized it incorrectly. People who haven't read the story have now upvoted your post. It is spreading lies frankly. You have responded in just as much detail. But you still haven't answered the question. What is the joke?
Sure, keep telling yourself it's clearly facetious and those upvotes are from understanding that rather than you're clearly spreading lies under the pretense of a joke people arn't getting. You're quite literally part of the problem I have already explained.
Yeah your joke was so funny. You summarized the incorrect information. You are a master of word play. You should do stand up. What was the pun? Do you know what a pun is?
Well them I'm quite glad we've resolved this matter.
This is what I told my friend. They have a blacksmith at castle black (crastor even noted their quality of steel). So take some time out to make the giant some armor. So that when every archer around targets him he doesn't just get pin cushioned. Then even make him a giant 2 handed broadsword or a sword and board set up. That pike wall wouldn't have stood a chance with him swinging a 12+ foot blade.
An editted photo. OP is a God damn liar. Grab your pitchfork.
I like clothing and lingerie on women. It looks good. But I especially hate it when a video is featured mentioning a specific outfit, and they are wearing it for the first 10 seconds but then are naked and the outfits gone. Now it's just like any other porn. Where's all the good porn where they keep the outfits on while they get stuffed?
Rather than this comment, link to the comment containing the information. I'd have to search out your other comments or go to your post history. Not riding you for it but the "see below" comment always gives me a chuckle because there's nothing below your actual comment containing that information.
Please no. Lakers lose. Riot. Lakers win. Riot. Wish they would stop already.
I'd like to continue to beat this dead horse because every new Fallout fan wouldn't shut up about how great it was and ignored every criticism. Now this is what you get. You learn to live with it. Fallout 1 and 2 fans have been dealing with new fan shit for years. No, your game wasn't that great.
Sittard summer was the shit. But people bitched and moaned rather than use a veto to avoid it. Was a great map and the haters just got shit on. With sittard at least people fooled themselves into thinking it was a arty only map. Then when the partisans of falschims started to roll they had no idea what to do. Only fools thought cut off maps took no skill, and that's because they always, always lost the match.
I'm still trying to figure out the official spoiler tag when it seems to be used for speculation from fans and is no way official or a spoiler.
Did they give volks the power to faust in the patch? Haven't played yet.
Child abduction by druggie mother at a foster home. Snippet is from mother dropping from balcony of the forster home she broke into after dropping 2 year old daughter to boyfriend. Arrested and charged with kidnapping and child endangerment. No confirmation on if she was actually preggers or not.
Honestly If recommend a change of location and joining something like a meet up group. Or that singles adventure club sounded fun.
I hate the official spoiler tag. I feel its being misused.
Kinda like how Clintons state department violated rules on giving Honduras military aid while actively suppressing and assassinating it's citizens as its democratically elected leader was illegally detained in the United States during a coup to overthrow him. But wait Trump said something dumb! Focus on him!
Because there is no leak and the OP is in no way affiliated with the show. Its neither a leak nor official.
The thing is there is no spoilers, or possibility of spoilers as nobody has seen that episode. Its all fan speculation. And nothing needs to be tagged spoilers a week after the episode airs. So with no spoilers, and no possibility of spoilers, and the post is made by a fan and isnt official, I feel the tag is misused. It's not stopping us from using spoiler tags or helping in any way as since nobody knows anything about the episode there's nothing to currently spoil.
But a 4 second video about peri with a stuffed alien doesn't really lend anything to spoiler territory. Nobody has anything to spoil. Using the tag official spoiler would lead one to believe an official rep has said a possible spoiler. But there wasn't one. It was just a promo even. Nothing about the episode is known.
Think of the most spoiler thing possible you could mention in the comments. Go spoiler-rific. I need someone to show me just what is the spoiler I seem to be missing.
I'm just being sarcastic and facetious
Haven't seen it but want to now. I honestly thought the collars was like, a Logan's Run kinda thing.
Yeah those are pretty good lines to draw for deal breaker. However a thicker woman looks fantastic in a corset.
Well there's the gay guy in Florida who was pissed at being either used or rejected by other gay men which is now being toted as a terrorist attack from ISIS to push gun control measures. That's a tricky one.
Damn Scotts! They ruined Scotland!
Because hundred of years after the apocalypse at least 1 group should have their shit together And plants should grow at least somewhere. Look at Chernobyl and Fukushima exclusion zones.
if that's your criteria look at the fully developed and populated areas of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Yes because the technology existed. The NCR in Fallout 2 proved this as did Vault City. Not my fault new Fallout fans know nothing about the established lore. Even Shady Sands was doing pretty good for itself.
I gotta say that's not how to works at all. &gt;When a nuclear weapon is detonated on or near Earth's surface, the blast digs out a large crater. Some of the material that used in be in the crater is deposited on the rim of the crater; the rest is carried up into the air and returns to Earth as radioactive fallout. An explosion that is farther above the Earth's surface than the radius of the fireball does not dig a crater and produces negligible immediate fallout. For the most part, a nuclear blast kills people by indirect means rather than by direct pressure. http://www.atomicarchive.com/Effects/effects2.shtml The nukes used in Fallout generally followed established military practices for airburst with few locations such as The Glow being an exception being a reinforced underground laboratory. Which even then only penetrated a level or two below ground level. No. Nukes detonated on the ground do NOT produce a thousand year wasteland.
To be fair, Fallout 1 and 2 had very established systems and lore that Fallout 3 and 4 generally abandoned favoring a alternate universe approach rather than direct sequel. Much of the lore of 3 and 4 makes very little sense in the parameters of F1 and F2
These guys just want to argue something they don't understand
As someone who played every Fallout game, knows the lore, and has a pretty good basic understanding of nuclear weapons and fallout am I somehow out of line of believing I do? Especially picking up on people's lack of Fallout 1 and 2 knowledge? Many F3 players never played the originals. So, yeah, I do.
Says a guy talking history in a video game thread. You're one of us brosef.
[He has assimilated!](http://i.imgur.com/cQRP1Jy.png)
Every vault has a GECK. Honestly it's pretty hard to even believe Fallout 3 is a direct sequel. I see it as an alternative universe. If you have strong enough knowledge of F1 and F2 nothing about F3 even makes sense. Especially once you notice all the continuity errors.
For me it was as easy as be like, bam, AU. Just like how there's 100 different Batman or Superman series. Its the only way to accept it. Otherwise it's too much mental gymnastics to make it work.
And a lot of Batman iterations has poison ivy, two face, and the joker.
To number one, not really. The meta swings far too crazy at times but it's manageable. The game has gone through several iterations. It's definitely not the same game as when I started playing at beta. It's switched it up very significantly at least 3 times. To two, yes. There are players. Games don't take all that long to get. If you enjoy RTS CoH2, even with its flaws, is still one of the best. On that note however, if a game with similar mechanics came out without as many flaws much of us would switch without looking back. There's just no real alternatives to this style of RTS. Still worth it.
Depends if you like single player scenarios or not. If you are looking into the multiplayer ignore case blue, and the other theater of war dlc. Just get the armies for multiplayer. Base game has Soviet and osthere. Dlc armies are usa, britain, and okw.
90% of nice guys are really sexist assholes. It's disturbing because a guy who wants to be an actual nice guy notices the "nice guy" stereotypes. I don't own a fedora. I treat everyone with respect. I live on my own. But I can't identify as a nice person because then I suddenly turn into all those things apparently.
Thats oil. These were fried. Like chicken. You drop them in the hot oil, not put oil in the mix.
Your parents were just training you for heists
I just imagined this as an episode of modern family
Places in La Habra, La Habra Heights, Hacienda, Coyote Hills, and a few other places a kid could grow up like that. Not all the lil ranches are gone.
Its got a Cersei Lannister vibe to it
That fight should have gone much different though. John's army had no tactics. None. The Bolton's used Calvary, archers, shield and pikes, and even a wall of bodies to good effect. Johns didn't do squat. They just did a rush charge and even their archers went melee. I would have loved to see the original plan of drawing them into their center play out, with wildlings in the forest doing raiding and flanking attacks. Then you could of seen something like Ghost running through the forest taking down Boltons who got to far from their lines.
It's Always Sunny In Beach City
You're talking about LA here. They would see the revenue generated and start removing more stop signs and traffic lights, and installing more live feeds.
The old Grand Maester Pycel
I love me some allies but this last week has just been full of exploiters. I don't feel like this video would impress anyone. Just a bunch of chumps spreading cancer.
Isnt the "enemy" faction still OP as hell in multiplayer because they can build little factory units that produce more resource harvesters that the other faction could never hope to match?
Every night the co-worker I have to room with plays conspiracy videos to fall asleep to. Aliens, UFOs, bigfoot. Not even the good political stuff. All the insane far out things. Seems like something Dwight would fall asleep to every night.
Ooooooooiooooh who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Just think of how dumb the average person is then realize half of the population is dumber than that.
Watermelon Stevens would like a word with you.
I'll need to know the severity of your dirty secrets.
A good lawyer could do it. Services = sex as he/she is forcing them to stay in a relationship. That's time. If he does it in Facebook you can say it was slander that could lead to loss of business depending on your job.
"Soaps" shoes. Soaps were dope.
Have back pain? Trouble sleeping? Appetite issues? Thought of your existential existence? Congrats it's legal for you. Prescriptions are a joke to get.
"Reagan was the devil, 9/11 was an inside job"
That is such an out of place story but reminds me of my Mech Warrior 3 days. When everyone was rolling an Atlas or Daishi with ppc or gauss rifles I would roll a stripped down Puma with a single AC20, slam into the larger mech legs, and destroy their cockpits. After doing this many many games in a row because it was hilarious and fun, I took a week long break. Next game I was in was half a dozen Pumas with AC20. I think I ruined MW3.
I've grabbed allies abandoned vehicles, taken em back to base, repaired, and gave them right back.
I just remember in 2v2 the Gaalsiens can make a bunch of those carriers and be producing 5+ harvesters at a time. End game stats were Gals with 4x the resources collected. You just can't stop that if the Gals get started up in economy. The default race simply cannot keep up with that. More so if Gals just upgrade their main carrier and attack with it while the support carriers just keep plugging away mining. You don't have the ability to push off a carrier with the skirmishes units. I'll be hard pressed to be convinced that's balanced, ever.
