Tiger cubs.
&gt; I did jump the gun before I even started the design process and picked up some reefers at a hobby store that was closing out for ~$6 per car. I believe they would be used to ship beer, no? IIRC beer is shipped in insulated boxcars, if it's shipped by rail at all these days, as it doesn't need to be cooled just protected from extreme temperatures. I think produce and fruit would be more likely.
If the latter lasts more than 4 hours believe you need to see a doctor.
You will be working weekends and some weeknights. If you tell them you cant work weekends you won't get hired, if you request weekends off, they'll simply not schedule you. What you can most likely expect is to be scheduled 3 to 6 nights a week, including Friday and Saturday, for five or six hours each day. When they get slow they will send you home. If they're busy they may very well call you in on an off day. You will still have plenty of free-time but it will be at odd times and at times you can't schedule other activities. It's not particularly fair, but that's what you can expect. The donut shops may be the opposite with you scheduled for *very* early mornings instead of nights, but the rest wlll be the same.
Reactions may very. Only a jackass owner/manager would expect you to drive back, but those do exist and even a reasonable manager might pressure you to get there. You are allowed to say no, however many employers don't like workers who aren't available at a moment's notice and you might very well see your hours cut the next week or even left off the schedule entirely.
tl;dr The woman is the last scion of a once-powerful clan of street magicians. The flaming tire tried to assassinate her to lift a thousand-year curse placed by her great-great-great grandfather that prevents it from ever being put out.
The gods will not save what? OP I have to know, tell us!
Opinion.
Never a good sign.
Or a cat-snake.
No Cookie Monster Tully?
Really, the governor that's going to kill actually useful transit projects is now going to build a freaking Maglev?
&gt; how do you plan on securing your new nation? I wouldn't worry, the Balkans have a long history of safety, security, and mutual cooperation.
I'd be willing to bet Clinton has gotten more than one blowjob behind a tree. It seems like something he'd do.
Just like me. There's nothing like some freshly cracked traffic almonds.
So you're saying he's a politician?
Well, he already thinks you slept with her, might as well go for it at this point. Nothing to lose.
And cats.
Can confirm. My grandfather volunteered to die fighting the Nazi's for fundamentalist's rights to cover up incestuous child molestation.
Favorite scene in Dirty Dancing?
Why? You think I haven't seen my white redneck neighbors beating each other half-naked in the middle of the street at 3 AM?
A crowded outfield combined with a slump and I'd give it way better odds he ends up back in AAA than bounces back.
a) It tastes like eating shit and b) large, and even moderate, quantities will make you sick, it's why people spit while using chewing tobacco.
He's obviously (or at least feels he is) two wins better than a replacement level poster.
Technically I believe he was still cooking amateur quantities when he way paying his hospital bills and only turned to the industrial quantities once his hubris and greed started to get the better of him.
It's just Rob McElhenney in blackface.
Relax. We can all downvote him. Also, you for the smiley face.
&gt; brothers with the guy who invented Gold Fish. So not only are you admitting he's the brother God, but you don't believe the brother of the all-powerful creator of Heaven and Earth is capable of being all those things at once?
[MAJOR SPOILER, seriously do not look if you don't already know what happens in the novels] (/s "There's about a 99% chance he's going to kill Jon Snow, quite possibly next week")
I had a similar save problem and can't remember at the moment exactly how I fixed it, nor find the original solution I used. When trying to save I would press the button and it would appear to save at first, but after a second it would stop saving and nothing would appear in the list nor in the file system. Autosaves wouldn't save either. It was something to do with the game trying to save to Virtual Memory before saving to the hard drive, if I recall correctly. There was a setting I had to change somewhere, maybe via command prompt. I might have had to change the game settings to not compress the save files automatically too. I believe I found the solution somewhere in the Steam forums after searching unsuccessfully on Paradox's own forums, if you want to try to search around. The frequent crashes went mostly away too when I solved it, though being a Paradox game there are always some. I'll search around some more when I get a chance as I'm pretty sure it's the same problem. edit: [Here it is.] (http://steamcommunity.com/app/203770/discussions/0/34096318697220052/) Try and see if that helps.
The Medicine worked! No more cold for OP's mom! Praise God
You bet your god-damn ass he did! Also minorities, old people, jews, non-STEM majors, and the disabled.
Now if I just had 35 quintillion Zimbabwean dollars, I'd be a millionaire again.
Maybe something like Gregory Polanco last season. Don't assume he's going to be the savior of your season and definitely don't go wild with who you drop to pick him up, especially in a shallow league.
Speak for yourself.
Isn't this where we saw Brienne and Pod looking down at Moat Cailin?
IIRC, the novel was a follow-up to a comic, which also may have been a sequel to an Original Series crossover comic.
What''s the deal with female detectives on TV/Movies constantly wearing high heels on duty, is that really a thing?
Except fondant.
&gt;Olly'd FTFY
It was convenient that he apparently had the foresight to warg into a piece that already had traitor carved into it.
Where is this heaven? Unless it's Arizona, then I rescind the heaven part.
&gt;Do people really go to their doctor and ask for brand name medication, and have the doctor prescribe it? Yes, they do. &gt;Won't the pharmacy just give you the generic unless the doctor writes that the name brand is required? Generics don't exist for new medicines or reformulated old ones. &gt;Do doctors actually just do this? Yes. You've more than llikely been in a doctor's office when a person in business attire walks in and goes up to the counter. They're carrying a small rolling suitcase usually and a fancy tablet. The staff knows their name. They're a drug rep. Basically they exist to 'educate' doctors on the benefits and why they should prescribe thier repped medicines. They give out the branded office merchandise (pens, paper, etc) you probably have a few of lying around your house and often buy the staff and doctors lunch. Sometimes there are even sponsorships to conferences, that are nearly free vacations. Some doctors are truly unswayed, some listen for the free samples of the medicine they can give out to patients who are otherwise unable to afford said medicine, others don't care and will do anything for a free lunch. Often the medicine does work or there is no better alternative, so it makes sense to prescribe it. &gt;Do they only put the ads up in the time frame before a generic version is available? Not necessarily. There are people who genuinely only believe in name-brands. Also people who have no idea a generic exists. The doctor also has an option of telling the pharmacy not to dispense a generic. Sometimes the formulation of the generic can make people sick (or think it makes them sick) - though this also works the opposite way and people think it's the brand-name giving them side effects. There can also be multiple makers distributing generics and asking for the brand name will always give you a uniform pill type. You also still see ads for Motrin, Aleve, Tylenol, Claritan, and many others despite the fact you can walk into Wal-mart and buy twice as many generic pills for half-the price, there is value in a name.
Not even a rumor. Pure speculation.
It's Ruben Amaro Jr., so both of them plus two or three other top 10 prospects. This is never, ever going to happen.
-justastronautthings
What if I told you that's irrelevant to the IMF's plan.
Quite a few story lines are. Brienne and Pod. Tyrion and Jorah. Dorne kind of happens but with mostly different characters, Jamie is elsewhere.
And minorities. Everyone hates dirty, welfare using minorities too lazy to use their own bootstraps.
They're not the pure incarnation of evil.
Serious.
Judging by the rest of his outfit, probably the $5.99 special ones from Wal-mart.
How the hell do you have time for anything while working in a restaurant?
Amen! The dreams of the 90s doesn't have to only live in Portland, we have the power to bring the good ones back forever. Vote Bush 2016!
A Rottweiler doesn't seem like the type you'd want to pair with a big cat though.
Or he operates a dinosaur park that regularly goes haywire (though I suppose that's all of them - judging by the movies).
Yes, it's called Google Chrome.
The Examiner is shit. I've said it before but it's only for people who want a right-wing DC based news source but feel the Washington Times is too sympathetic to communists and baby-murderers. The story may be true, the source is junk.
And you went with Firefly Monopoly, of all things? Firefly: The Game is actually pretty decent. It even replicates the feel of the show.
Well he was from the desert, so I'd assume he'd probably have a US Army armored humvee with a .50 caliber machine gun mounted on the back.
Was he ordering pizza or chinese?
Only if you only prosecute false rape accusations and female-on-male domestic violence. Otherwise you won't be welcome on all the best subreddits.
I've heard they don't even need those suits. Apparently their planet is quite lovely.
Why not both?
Michael Bay would be proud.
As a trained forensic fotologist I can confirm, it's the original. I can detect no fotoshooped traces of any kind.
No, the goal was to be inexpensive, so they used a public domain piece. In fact all the music in the early seasons was public domain.
Central Time? What is this Soviet Russia?
TIL dogs can eat slow. I've only ever had Golden Retrievers.
Eh...I'm not worried yet. There's still the mentally ill, Hispanics, Middle Easterners, Indians, Native Americans, East Asians, the disabled, non-evangelical Christians, the poor, and all women to go before they get to me.
Haha...how can they be so stupid. I mean 59% really don't believe that? Come on people!
It's pretty self-explanatory, but trains are substantially more fuel efficient than trucks. If you add several hundred trucks to the roads in place of a single train you're increasing congestion, emissions, demand for oil, and tax payer cost for road maintenance for the damage those additional hundreds of mllions of trucks a year will do.
&gt; Standardization was mandated by law in the North This isn't correct. There were quite a few broad gauge railroads in the North, especially the 6-foot Erie-Atlantic &amp; Great Eastern system (stretching from the Hudson to Chicago) and several other connecting railroads. They converted to standard gauge in 1880, of their own volition, for ease of interchanging with other railroads. There were also a boat-load of narrow-guage railroads built even into the early 1900s. The Southern railroads with assorted odd-gauges were also mostly converted in the early 1880s, not during the Civil War. The reality is standard gauge won in the USA because the first railroads were mostly built to that gauge because they needed to import locomotives from Britain. It worked out fortuitously that 4' 8.5" was an acceptable alternative between the cheap-to-build, small right-of-way narrow gauges and the smooth riding, large loadings of broad gauges, so there was never any reason to change it and eventually all the secondary systems that used odd gauges were forced, by economic necessity, to convert.
Maybe if I'd recently suffered massive head trauma.
&gt; For all you know, he maybe not even be in Canada. So you're saying it worked out well for him after all.
God-damn commies! Does anyone really want to live in a world where you can't get a dirt cheap flavored sugar-water?
Dizzy Dean.
&gt; off-putting. I think you meant classy there, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume English isn't your first language.
Sure. I'm not picky.
Remember that day we went hunting for little green ghouls and found three?
The mountains are odd, though not necessarily incorrect if you're envisioning the whole are between them being mountainous as well. You seem to have tried to put a mountain range at the end of every watershed, giving your mountains a chaotic look, but watersheds often end at hills or even on the flat plains. You can easily get away with eliminating a few to clean things up. Mountains tend to occur in long chains, due to how they're formed, so I'd recommend trying to align the rest in a series of top-to-bottom (or left-to-right lines, rather than having them run jagged every which way.
Bear is a Cylon, confirmed.
Well if you want to get racist about it I'm sure there's a bunch of fatherless minority jokes.
But how will people know how outraged I am at reddit for banning mah free speech if I don't return and tell everyone?
2000% looks good on a label. It's how the ill-informed know it's powerful stuff loaded with energy.
/u/funny_ss with an on-topic post too asking the tough questions.
Say it ain't joe.
NIMBYs will kill elevated rail in about 5 seconds, look at all the problems they've had in Canton with just street level and a short elevated section. They're insanely loud and sometimes rattle nearby windows and rooms, provide a dark, scary place for an unwanted element to congregate under, and are an eyesore that can often be seen for several blocks.
It appears the Dodgers just told the Future's Game to go fuck itself, I'm not reading anything into it.
&gt;Christian Muslim Atheist
Wade Boggs is not dead, how many times do we have to go over this?
Try 1944, the footage is only *scheduled* to be released next year.
Glitter lung is real, people. Don't ignore the symptoms even if it's all on the ground.
It's having a hard enough time standing on a slight slope, I don't think it's ready for trees yet.
One could even say granny is gushing.
Where is /u/unidan_SS when we need him?
"There are no shows like Game of Thrones. Only Game of Thrones." If you're really desperate for more Game of Thrones, I'd highly urge you to read the novels or if you can find them the [series of Novellas] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tales_of_Dunk_and_Egg) set in the same world. They're long but aren't a hard read. the Novellas are an even easier read. They're been a few other shows in the fantasy genre airing recently. Outlander is pretty good and just finished a first season, Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, while I haven't watched yet, is supposed to be decent and also finishing up. Both are Guns and Sorcery rather than Sword and Sorcery. They've been a ton of series and miniseries based on King Arthur/Camelot/Merlin over the years. Legend of the Seeker was based on a high fantasy series that was pretty popular before it's author decided to turn it into an Ayn Rand circlejerk. I haven't seen it and can't vouch for it's quality, especially since it was a small budget syndicated thing. Pillars of the Earth and it's sequel, World Without End were both adapted as miniseries. Neither are fantasy, instead being historical dramas, though they're likely the closest you'll actually get to replicating the feel of Game of Thrones. Both are decent, though reading the books are better. Other historical fiction shows you might like (or might not - they tend to be heavy on the love and romance angles) include The Tudors, The White Queen from the BBC, and Reign (though again I haven't seen it and can't vouch for its quality).
Does being on the Polish side in WW2 really count as fighting? (A joke - yes, I know the Poles actually fought quite a bit, both at home and abroad, after being overrun by Germany).
Oh fuck, the Brain Slugs are here and they don't look like slugs at all. Heaven save us.
He's more or less in line with what he's done each of the past three years. He's just streaky, hopefully today was the start of another hot stretch. His equivalent pitcher is probably someone ranked in the 25-30 range, but Seager is pretty unexciting and plays a rather deep position so I doubt he'll ever actually return that much.
Prison guard is the job you get when you finally come to the realization that you've screwed your life up and desperately need a reliable 30k a year. It's a shitty, dangerous job with bad hours and therefore doesn't attract a very high caliber of employee. Most prison guards are probably lucky they didn't wind up in jail themselves at some point in their life.
&gt; It's like a snake eating its own tail lol. Fun fact: Oroboros is also a racist.
Michael J Fox is not dead.
If Michael Bay did it then why is there still a body? Wouldn't it have been incinerated in the 'splosion?
Are you telling me you built a time machine out of a Ford F-350 XLT with the extended towing package?
Who?
I'm guessing it's North American from your Amtrak flair, if so you might try browsing or inquiring [here] (http://rypn.org/forums/viewforum.php?f=1&amp;sid=93a495bdf31ee19bc22c226448f4c0f2) about currently active projects. There are dozens, if not hundreds, of such projects in various stages of completion. Anything more specific on the location, even East Coast/West Coast/non-American would help immensely in narrowing it.
Actually I'm pretty sure that was the most coherant portion of his rant.
Is it really worth it if there's no chance of seeing a dude pretending his penis is the trunk of the elephant cardboard cutout he is wearing?
In 1999 I watched the date bar on the local cable company's information and advertising channel change the date. Everything changed from the day of the week to the millennium. And yes, it was as awesome as it sounds.
Anesthesiologist would have made more sense.
There's quite clearly still a can with a label on it, so 'all' is a bit of hyperbole wouldn't you say?
The Blue Line, especially north out of downtown as built, was a shitty project. They chose a lesser cost over serving places where people actually live and work and it turned a decent project that could have served Towson, York Road, Charles Village, Penn Station, and an easy connection to John Hopkins into a bad project that missed all but a few neighborhoods took a winding, slow route because they could use the old railroad right of way easier. There's little better management can do to help because it was so poorly planned in the first place. The Red Line, on the other hand, was a pretty good project, actually running through neighborhoods and a with a tunnel to speed things through downtown and would have been a worthy link in Baltimore's transportation system.
Yeah, they definitely made a documentary about that.
This seems most likely, although a majority of states, having a majority of electors, currently have laws limiting the electors to only vote for the candidate that won their state, so that could potentially be a problem. I'd suspect enough states would be find a way to free their electors through loopholes or emergency legislation to still elect someone.
You all sound like those pansies that want to give kids trophies just for participation!
Nah, I wouldn't wish Oliva Munn back on the Daily Show even if she did every segment topless. She was pretty bad.
Fairly late I think, maybe in the 180-210-ish range. He should be solid, but there are tons of pitchers these days and he's still an unknown without the breakout ace potential or huge strikeout numbers people look for in higher round picks.
Screw telling us, I want to see the pictures. Oh wait...
Well, presuming it gets completed before they die, which I'd put at about 50/50.
Are you seriously accusing Jesus of not being at Ted Cruz's side all the time already? You blasphemous motherfucker!
But other than that 4,000 feet they're basically the same elevation, right?
Arab zombies no less. That's a win-win-win.
But how will reinforce my belief that the sky is falling and we're all DOOMED if I believe your non arbitrary logic?
Urban Hell? More like Urban Heaven. You just can't find good places to watch pornography in a public setting anymore.
I'd shoot myself three times for having committed the sin of associating with Olly, even if only incidentally.
Pass. I prefer my steaks in an arcade setting. Preferably while chugging single-serving bottles of wine.
The Good: The CGI look pretty darn good, though I was mildly disappointed the Druid Keep looks nothing like I pictured it from my childhood. The bad: The acting is pretty mediocre (other than John Rhys-Davies), though part of that may be the at times atrocious dialogue. The WTF: Apparently everyone teleports everywhere. No one will mistake it for an Emmy contender, but it's no more cheesy than the superhero shows on the CW or the low-budget stuff on SyFy. The book isn't exactly a masterpiece either, though I certainly read the cover off it, literally, when I was in middle school twenty-plus years ago. Definitely targeted at the young adult audience, which was expected, but there was enough to keep me tuning in as a guilty pleasure for at least a few more episodes.
I was terrified of the Wizard of Oz and Miracle on 34th Street as a child so I'm basically suing everyone who has ever written or been associated with a work of fiction I've read and/or watched. Gene Wilder is first up for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
&gt;I'm not sure I understand what was so bad about this. It doesn't seem to teach anything, it's sole purpose seeming to be to go 'LOL you suck at math' by covering up the problem before you could solve it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpOj2BwimrM
Rivers don't work that way they flow downhill, not across across continents. We could build a be a canal instead, which would probably be possible, albeit ludicrously expensive, requiring extensive dredging of rivers and a series of dams and lakes. If we could make the sea flow from one part of the ocean to another it would still be fairly useless being salt water unusable for crops or drinking without filtration. It's mostly a moot point as you're overestimating the effect a river has on the environment, there are already actually several fairly substantial rivers in the Middle East already as well as parts that already don't look like movie sand-dune deserts instead having milder climates (relatively speaking) and even places historically capable of growing forests (if they weren't cut down to gain their valuable wood at the first opportunity). There are substantial geographic and climatological factors behind why and where deserts occur that can't be changed and short of flooding the entire Middle East, you could do little more than add a bit of irrigated land.
This is a subreddit frequented by the same people screaming bloody murder anytime a man is accused of rape or sexual assault with dubious proof. However, they're perfectly willing to overlook all that when it comes to the Clintons.
But then who will be Denard Span's injury replacement?
Pop Pop.
At /r/nongolfers we call that justice.
By lowering price they feel they can increase demand. To use a very crude example (and not McDonald's specific), if they can now sell, say, four times the number of items at half old margin they've doubled their profits. I'm sure it's a bit more complicated in this instance, as they've likely lowered the cost they're paying for the ingredients and are counting on the $5 sales taking the place of the two or three of the very low margin Dollar Menu sales many customers would otherwise make.
TIL: Powerwashing porn is a thing.
Are we sure this isn't Ken M?
Fuck that, buy us all yachts.
Presumably a majority of the north likes teens and the majority of the south likes mature porn leaving 2nd place anal in both regions to be the overall champion.
I wouldn't worry OP, it's far too late for that now.
This is my new favorite picture ever.
I doubt they want to shut it down, if that were the case they'd just sell it or spin it off as an independent company. You know what stockholder like more than a hefty stock price? A huge one time dividend that presumably also makes the core company and stock price stronger (which it would if the DVD segment was so under-performing they wanted to jettison it completely). It seems more likely they have some market research that says a certain segment of people won't pay for two subscription services with the same name that offer very similar products, so they're re-branding one.
Somebody send me 200 pizzas stat or I'm gonna die. PM for address.
k
More like a good 'ol fashion nudibranch circlejerk! DAE love nudibranches?
House was really obsessed with people lying so it's easy to understand the confusion.
Keep Marte. Blackmon seems 50/50 to be headed away from Coor's Field after the signing of Parra. If he does he gets a huge downgrade in production (he's hit like .240 away from Coor's).
&gt;So guess what nearly half the co-students I polled said their password was (nevermind that they actually answered)... B00BI3$?
I don't know what I expected..
This *is* the Library of Congress map, reposted from Wikipedia. If you got here from the Bestof link, that refers to a different poster's map posted here a few weeks before, they only realized how rare it was after seeing this post.
Yeap nothing like dreaming about your retirement to a run-down house you share with three roommates in a low-end neighborhood. Also you might be able to do it in your invincible twenties. In your sixties when you're dropping a couple hundred a month on medicine to keep yourself alive before your Medicare deductible kicks in, not so much.
Now you've ruined Iran as a menace to me, I can heretofore only picture them as the kids in the car from super troopers.
So you're saying as long as it's not being performed on top of a clock, it's game on?
SRD does love their foreskins.
Voldemort?
You turned 13 today? Happy birthday! Somebody get this kid some birthday gold since he won't be able to get a credit card for five more years to buy it himself.
Certainly, but it wasn't even remotely realistic. Actually, forget remotely realistic, it was a downright ludicrous proposal. It would be a daunting task even for modern civil engineers with modern surveying and construction methods to reroute the Upper Nile to the Red Sea and it would still be an epic generation spanning project. Since the Nile sits [quite a bit lower in elevation] (http://previews.123rf.com/images/mschmeling/mschmeling1110/mschmeling111000094/10756524-Egypt-Shaded-relief-map-with-major-urban-areas-Surrounding-territory-greyed-out-Colored-artificially-Stock-Photo.jpg) than surrounding areas, it would require a several hundred foot deep channel for about a hundred and fifty miles. edit: fixed link
Look like you belong. It's right there in the other top lifetips bro.
Wait, but it had negative credibility to start with (seriously, spring for a .com address). Does that mean multiply it's original negative credibility times the negative credibility from this statement, that it actually *gained* credability?
Has informationclearinghouse.info ever lied to us before? Surely we can trust them.
I would lick any part of that.
He looks like he was ready for Junior ROTC immediately after picture time.
You would have heard about it from the 8 million redditors (myself included) repeating the theme song lyrics in the comments of every thread on the site.
There are also substantial fixed transportation costs. Pipelines and oil tankers don't get cheaper and while they may save a little on the fuel or energy need to transport oil, it's not enough to substantially change operating costs. Also even if there were no external influencing factors, increased demand from consumers spurned by the lower price would insure you would be paying more than the expected discounted price.
&gt;~~cuddle~~ fuck room. FTFY
Well I guess it's actually more likely Justin Upton's own ancestor probably owned his other ancestors. The Sally Hemmings thing and all.
I'd do it even though I have little faith in him producing if he's traded away from Coors.
Some women are hypersensitive to the point it's actually painful.
I'd likely rate him a bit higher than 45th. Good speed and enough on-base skills to use it. He also showed more power in the minors that didn't make an appearance in the majors last year, and is still young enough to add more.
On the plus side, now we'll be able to relive the constant 'Voyager has left the Solar System' articles in our old age.
Snow will be cleared as it falls and will be cleared well before Sunday morning (assuming it does indeed stop Saturday evening as currently forecast) but there will still likely be delays for blowing snow or ice or delays from planes getting held up elsewhere. The airlines seem to be advising people to reschedule travel through Sunday. I'd probably expect to land but with the possibility of serious delays, in my entirely non-expert opinion since you didn't get anyone else answering.
&gt; Am i missing something here? Yes, you're missing that Britain and the United States are build completely different and have different climates. It would take days to walk a typical suburban American neighborhood full of dead end cul-du-sacs and winding roads, if you could even walk it in the first place because 90% of them are built without sidewalks and safe street crossings. We also happen to have actual winters in a significant portion of the country, no one is walking to deliver mail when it's below freezing with ice covering everything.
Where else would he go? It's not like he can evolve into a higher lifeform.
[Citation.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/41z750/why_has_ratheism_lost_10k_subscribers_in_a_couple/cz6eiu5)
Clinton is still leading nationally by a significant margin, ~51% to ~38%. Iowa is within the margin of error and New Hampshire will see an easy (and not unexpected) Sanders victory. After that the schedule tilts heavily in Clinton's favor with several large southern states she's easily leading in. Polling averages have proven in recent elections to be the best source. [Real Clear Politics maintains one that's decent.] (http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html). [Fivethirtyeight](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/election-2016/primary-forecast/iowa-democratic/) is another respected source and basically popularized the polling average concept.
It's four T's. He probably didn't think it would turn out that way.
Except there are no highly evolved cold viruses.
http://encyclopaedia-wot.org/ Click on the individual books and they'll be a similar, though not quite as detailed, chart at the bottom.
Probulator's finished. Oh wait, it hasn't started yet.
I'll have you know my egos are much, much bigger than tangerines. They're like fucking planets.
They can use that information to convince a different customer service rep to give them better information and eventually after several tries they appear likely to have gotten the last four digits of his credit card.
He does however own the Denver Broncos.
Rule #34: When is the low-budget porn version of the whole affair coming out and what will it be titled?
It's irrelevant in this case because his opponent was literally also a popular politician from a state right next door.
I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out what Don Johnson had to do with it. edit: Some of those reviews are quite, ah, unique. Who buys a 12" dildo-fist for their roommate? "Would've given it a five star but the wife is creeped out by it" Really, you're surprised your wife was creeped out by the ginormous PVC female pornstar's hand you bought for her? Apparently it's also heavier than a real hand, thus rendering it useless for some reason.
Lol, Clinton isn't dropping out period. Even if she gets absolutely cuh-rushed on Super Tuesday (she won't), she'll come away with enough proportional delegates and superdelegates to carry a fight to the convention.
So we all TILed.
I found the cause of global warming. It was these three locomotives.
Neither are British though.
I'm sure that'll really sting 8 years ago. At least you were classy about it though.
They certainly can, unfortunately you have to sell you soul to get the job, tow the company line at literally all times, and have no mercy on your underlings.
Eh, it's not like it has a 50 foot tall Arch or Playland complete with Ronald McDonald on Bench statue right out front. It blends in fairly well.
That's why I never look at the back of the drivers license. No guilt that way.
You haven't check out the size of a superyacht lately. Anything under the size of a naval destroyer now qualifies as a dinghy I believe.
I'll take 'none of that every happened to you' for a million dollars.
If there's one person I trust to determine whether the Earth is flat or not it's a E-list celebrity I once watched smoke crack and masturbate on Livestream.
It might even be bigger, there's really no way to tell.
\0. Clayton Kershaw
&gt;Your ~~mum's~~ dad's house
Aunt actually. Or at least maybe.
I'm sorry.
Am I under arrest?
You totally can too. The secret is to put the equivalent amount of lube in your ass as the amount you'd need to shove a three foot flexible pink plastic dildo totally inside your anus.
If they can find $400,000 of my money I'd be pretty god-damn impressed. Maybe even impressed enough to join them. I can barely even find enough to go food shopping most of the time.
"strained"
I was confused. Then I thought I'd turned on the *Pillars of the Earth* miniseries when I saw Ian McShane.
Tinker Tenor Doctor Spy too. ~~Hell about the only Voyager episode I like that he wasn't involved with is Living Witness~~. Nevermind he was a co-writer on Living Witness too.
With butter. And maybe a bit of lemon.
&gt; two for former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley So Martin O'Malley himself was obviously one, but who was the other? Still I guess he beat Jim Webb...
Irrelevant, legalized weed will solve all healthcare problems.
But the sea snakes and sea spiders?
Corsica was owned by Pisa at the time so ostensibly, at least, it was a part of the empire. Sardinia I'm less sure of, though seems to have been temporarily under control of some Genovese families.
Almora is Jon Jay.
He said terrible not batshit insane.
But without the family farmers what other argument is there to use in oppoition to the 'death tax'?
The problem here is that rather than pass a rather simple exemption for people engaged in farming, estate tax opponents use small farmers as a prop for excusing the estate tax on those who can and should pay it.
Is it from Night of the Living Dead perhaps? Zombie movies aren't really my thing, so I don't for certain, but there's a slew of emergency broadcasts in the movie.
&gt; there's no way Reed is any better than Carter right? Maybe, maybe not, but at least Chris Carter is playing major league baseball today and not maybe at some ill-defined point in the future.
Yes, you are missing the leftover hype.
TIL that evidence is evidence.
No need to visit the game pages, there is a little ^ icon next to a pitcher who is the probable starter for a game. Find the 'Opponents' tab at the top of your lineup and it will give you the complete next week plus when your players are starting as well as the opposing starting pitcher for tomorrow's game.
11 games? Try 10...don't wanna piss off the player's union too much.
Didn't we just do Battlestar Galactica?
It's a completely meaningless buzzword used by various right-wing and libertarian nutters as an accusation against anyone advocating a social change they disagree with. It had a minor philosophy behind it in the 40s and 50s, but today it means nothing, and indeed sixty plus years of social progress have either achieved many of its tenants in other ways or rendered it irrelevant. Now it's just become the social issue side of calling you a commie or socialist for advocating progressive economic policies, though there are a few crazies who actually think it's the method of social change used by the so-called vast left wing conspiracy.
Plus you can valiently die in a haze of glory defending your freedom when the evil government-marxists-black-jewish-illegal immigrant conspiracy comes to take your guns and force you to live in FEMA trailers and face the Obamacare Death Panels. I would highly recommend you NOT join a militia. The ones that aren't outright hate groups or teaching you how to build pipe bombs to blow up abortion clinics are still filled with crazy nutters. Though of course OP thinking he needs those skills means he'd probably fit right in.
Every date is a palindrome if you can time travel.
Nope. As long as the claim is already in your queue it will process. It won't let you add a new claim but any existing ones will process as normal.
A majority of German-Americans wouldn't really have identified with Germany by that point - most were already 2nd or 3rd generation - if not many more generations than that. German immigration was heavy throughout the early to mid-1800s and peak German immigration occurred in the 1880s and declined substantially after that. There was also very little German identity until the late 1800s. Germany itself was still dozens of small states well into the 1800s as unification didn't occur until 1871 and even then it remained more a Prussian dominated Confederation until WWI. Many emigrants were fleeing persecution or povery or war and had unfond memories of Germany. Add to that in an era before airlines and telephones leaving the old country really meant leaving the old country behind.
I'd imagine the Internet Archive would have caught them, though you might have to try a few versions of the page to get one that caught the program itself. https://web.archive.org/web/*/http://www.giss.nasa.gov/tools/gprojector/
What a cruel thing to say, I'm sure your aunts aren't that fat and it seems unlikely they'd all abandon their children.
You almost certainly do and don't realize it, as gelatin is an added ingredient in tons of stuff. Lots of candy (anything gummy or chalky plus many others like Starbursts), marshmallow, various sauces and dips as a thickening agent, the aforementioned pre-packaged sugary yogurts, occassionally in low-cost ice cream or margarine, in imitation cheeses, lots of junk food and cereal that is 'frosted' like Pop-tarts and Frosted Mini Wheats, some brands of dry roasted nuts, medicine capsules, and about a thousand other random things.
Way back in 2008 there was a show called New Amsterdam starring a then unknown Nikolaj Coster-Waldau as an immortal homicide detective. It wasn't groundbreaking but it was decent enough to watch but sadly never gathered an audience and was cancelled pretty quickly. Fast forward (ironically another rip off show) six yerrs and another network somehow thought it would be a great idea to greenlight a show about an immortal medical examiner who solves crimes. Shockingly (to no one but the dumbass execs who put it on TV) it never garnered much of an audience and was cancelled.
Well I guess at least they're not you, what with having to decide which you're more excited about.
Nobody wants him for $40 million. Plenty of teams (all of them?) would find somewhere for him to play if they released him and only had to pay the ML minimum of 500k. Everybody is likely trying to lowball them currently knowing they're in a crunch. I imagine there's a good chance someone will bite at the last minute and pay $5 or $10 million of his contract and throw them a low-grade near non-prospect in return, if not they'll probably add him to the roster and hope someone bites at the trade deadline. He'll certainly be playing somewhere, though possibly not full time, in a week or two.
It depends how deep it is. If it's shallow it would likely revert to being just the normal land you'd expect to find there. If it's a thousands of feet deep ocean, things get a bit more complicated. It gets hotter and hotter the deeper you go and the air gets thicker too and the climate would heavily vary by both depth and latitude. If it evaporated naturally, the leftover salt means little to nothing will grow and any lakes will be quite salty. The Mediterranean has been [drained a few times] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messinian_salinity_crisis) and it was a hellish wasteland,though that was partially due to the fact that it happened to fall in the desert belt. If it's habitable and has been drained for a long time, natural selection will take over on the flora that colonize the area. The abundance of oxygen thanks to the thicker air will mean animals can grow bigger, make it deep enough and they could grow huge. Plants too. It is also much easier to fly leading to bigger birds and bats and, given enough time, other animals too. Note that draining a sea could have drastic effects on the surrounding area as well. Water moderates many climates, even deserts, and draining a sea would likely make living on the windward side an interesting experience. It wouldn't necessarily cause its surroundings to turn into deserts but it could cause droughts, famine, massive wldfires, and more. Any life that gets stuck on islands in the previous center could undergo the process of [insular dwarfism] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insular_dwarfism) or gigantism within a few generations.
At least 16 teams or AL-only and even then I'd have to be pretty darn desperate. There's little upside and he underwent a substantial drop to his already low velocity. In the AL East his days of significantly outperforming his FIP were already looking doomed. A high 3 ERA is the best case scenario and a 4+ ERA is far more likely IMO. All while contributing no strikeouts. You should be able to find some no-name scrubs, unheralded rookie, or just steam randoms to put up similar or better stats.
Robert Kardashian was completely unknown at that time, the others though were indeed all prominent, famous, or in Dershowitz's case legal titans.
What about it? Inflation is trivial compared to the average return on investment plus reinvestment of dividends. Yes, your $160k isn't going to buy the same amount in 36 years, but it will still buy $100k of today's goods, which is 90k more than just letting your 10k sit in the bank (where it'll only buy 6k in 35 years).
Perhaps Moberly, Missouri?
But mah closer!?
It actually couldn't suddenly be zero as most is issued as long-term interest bearing bonds and similar securities. They are issued for a fixed period of time, 30-years is common, and at the end of that period the government pays the note in full. US treasury securities are considered a *very* safe investment and held by millions of entities from private investors to mutual funds and other countries as well. To my knowledge there is no method to pay them off in full early, and doing so would have massive and likely negative ramifications on the global economy as one of he safest sources of stashing money disappears.
They could be twins. Even the same pose.
Thankfully the farm system is already pretty barren of good prospects. I do still wish we had Josh Hader, however, even though he'd probably be on his 8th Tommy John surgery and have a 7 ERA if we'd have tried to develop him.
Wrong. They were dropped by 'Murica, so they count. If they'd been dropped by Japan then they would be worthless.
ITT: We circlejerk about the awesomeness of a document mostly written in the 1780s with periodic minor updates (that sometimes weren't even upgrades - looking at you #18), while ignore the myriad and massive shortcomings that have arisen in the 200 years since.
It's a keeper. Dyson is just an average closer who OP is surely not planning on keeping, Contreras on the other hand has great potential at a premium position and could sneak his way into being one of the top 84 keepers (7 keepers times 12 teams) even with limited at bats this year. If OP doesn't feel he needs Dyson to win now or is already in rebuild mode there's little reason not to do it IMO.
Are they poorly xeroxed?
And the slide checkmark for that matter. Though I guess maybe 'slide' in Canada means 'roll' and 'base' is just another word for 'fielder'. It could just be a cultural misunderstanding.
Dough is literally the least expensive part of of the pizza too. It basically costs nothing to make since it's flour and water with minuscule amounts of yeast and salt and maybe sugar. The labor to roll it is more expensive than the dough.
It's from an article on regional interconnections in the New York Times a few months back, the highlighted areas are supposed to illustrate megaregions, though for some reasons the author decided to throw random mostly nonsensical high speed rail lines overtop of them.
He is rolling into second a lot more often...
I'd be more impressed if he haunted ghosts in his free time.
hell, see two. Or three.
Wait Slim Shady is Eminem? Next you'll try be telling me that pop legend Chris Gaines is just county superstar Garth Brooks with a soul patch.
Isn't it much more likely the terms of his settlement for producing beastality porn prohibit him from owning a horse?
McMansions
Bummer.
You know, it is kind of like that.
There's simply not a lot of new information. Some basic information about the Forsaken and a little on Arthur Hawking are the only parts worth reading IMO. Other stuff is incomplete, for example, we're given a list of Ogier built cities, but nothing about any of them, or even their locations and a list of Amyrlins but nothing about any of them. Things you'd want to see are nearly entirely absent. There's little to nothing on the Age of Legends, the Trolloc Wars and Aiel War get some basic rehashes of tidbits already in the books, and there's pretty much nothing on the history of the modern nations before the book series starts, instead we're given tons of info rmation on random customs we already know because we read the books. Don't mistake it for GRRM's recent A Song of Ice and Fire worldbook, which also had its flaws, it's still not in the same league. Pick it up used for 99 cents plus shipping or read the interesting tidbits on [Google Books] (https://books.google.com/books?id=QnE17c4l6U4C&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;source=gbs_ge_summary_r&amp;cad=0#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false) but don't splurge on a new copy unless you're a completionist. Also the "cartography" is unforgiveable. We're given three maps in the book, but whoever they hired to draw them had obviously never read the books as the TWO RIVERS is MISSING from the maps. And not like unlabeled; like there's literally no two rivers. The one river there instead somehow flows up and over the Mountains of Mist to the west.
You should call them and see if they do medical care too. Wouldn't want a Jew doctor touching your pre-mature baby, might get the Sheeny curse.
More like: http://i.imgur.com/Vnqaepk.gifv Though obviously it'd be a white person.
What is the episode where Shirley finds a hole in the wall? I have no memory of that scene.
Yes, but can either of those whip you from 23rd street to your destination at 26th street at 700 mph? Think of all the fractions of a second you'll save!
IMDB was launched in 1990, though I'm not sure when they enabled rating and the sample size was likely minuscule in those seasons.
Apolgies.
None of them are actually blood related, so it doesn't count for CK2 purposes.
Yeah, but I'm pretty sure anyone who was ever alive in the 90s already did coke with Ray Ramano at least once.
They don't really care if you could reinjure yourself only that you can currently perform it. The second rule is can you be retrained to perform a different job. Age and education are the most important factor in that one, at 50+ they're probably not going to expect you to find a lower impact job, at 32 they're probably going to find you fit to take a low impact job for an office or call-center job, even if it pays substantially less.
It's a shame Walter Young died last year, he'd fucking smash them both at the same time. Oh well, there's always Calvin Pickering.
I think we should wait until after Gas the Kikes night vs Ryan Braun and the Brewers to say for sure.
He's on an expensive contract and the Pirates are cheap as fuck. Also he sucks. Should come for practically nothing except in the rather unlikely event the Pirates are willing to eat most of his salary.
Would we want to?
Simply untrue. You can also go to church, drink if it's not Sunday, and/or join a hate group. Lots of options.
Groundball pitcher with decent control and low strikeout potential. Stuff was good enough to fool minor leaguers, but it remains to be seen how it will do against major leaguers. Upside is something like Mike Leake, floor is probably a mop-up bullpenarm.
Then come back everyday, forever, and make terrible noises until you give it more and then more terrible noises from sunrise to sunset when it decides to live outside your house. Seriously.
Like a bloody fucking cunt.
Like maybe .350/35/100 ROS. Conservatively, of course. edit: Sadly few steals, though I suppose there's always the possibility of the opposing team just being so totally awed and overwhelmed from just being near his presence that they let him slip by for 10 to 15 in a half-season.
Because HYPE, motherfucker! What part of that don't you understand?
When does James Shields start against the Cubs?
Tr-out.
Probably forgot to account for the extra weight of Jay's chin.
Trump would be the equivalent of electing some crazy combination of Alan Sugar if he had the impulse control of Jeremy Clarkson to be your leader.
Wait...why would you ever want to unsee that pure awesomeness?
Sometimes you just gotta show them the white hot cream of an 8th grade boy and hope for the best.
When you're forced to attack a candidate based on the semantics of 'home state' is how you really know your own candidate is in even more trouble.
My knees hurt just imagining putting cars on the track. I can't imagine all the building, grading, gardening, and upkeep.
Basically because it got a few hundred thousand people to click the story.
Considering most of them probably just switched over from listening to Rush or Hannity scream about immigrants and blacks, it's not entirely shocking that the people who care enough to call into a radio show are a combination of morons, racists, and concern trolls - at least the ones who aren't outright mentally unbalanced. I've never once felt unsafe in Baltimore and the statistics agree with me that as white male non-gang member who isn't actually in the ghetto there's almost no chance I'm in any danger of my life and only a slight danger of being mugged or assaulted.
Newly added players on Yahoo always go on waivers, even if your league is set up to not use them.
More or less, after accounting for inflation. Basically because its a supremely safe way to store money and you don't need to worry about your bank going tits up, a stock market crash, or some shady con-man making off with it.
Three Men and a Crazy. I'd watch it.
I think if you don't like reading the build up, you're going to have problems with the rest of the series. Book 4 is where the narrative really slows down as well as expanding significantly in scope and hundreds of secondary characters start to pop up. Basically if you thought The Dragon Reborn was slow, you're going to think The Shadow Rising is super slow for even less of a climactic payoff, and it will just keep getting slower book by book.
I don't buy it, that sounds like an awfully progressive stance for Toomey.
Maybe if you attempted to explain why you think he's wrong?
Someday when the life of notorious serial killer/rapist/Amphibious Range Rover owner Dennis Reynolds is analyzed, they'll point to this event as what turned him from creepy narcissist to full-blown sociopathic deviant.
&gt; . It becomes hard to see the human consumption benefit inherent in potatoes containing safe levels of beetle larva toxin. No it doesn't. The easiest counterargument is simply that without a safe level of beetle larva toxin you're going to need substantially more actually toxic beetle repellent in the form of pesticide to grow less food. Though throwing away less just isn't going to happen in reality, we're accustomed to a certain style of using food and quality standards and we're unlikely to change those short of massive increases in price that just isn't going to happen even with a ludicrous theoretical switch to entirely non-GMO foods.
You'll more than likely be just fine without vaccinations, especially if you're in the richer tourist area and not drinking literal raw sewage source in some rural/mountain jungle village. On the off chance you do get sick, Mexico has doctors and hospitals, and nothing you would get vaccinated for is really life threatening assuming you're a healthy young person. In reality, you'd probably even be back home before you came down with any symptoms as Tyhoid and Hep A both have incubation periods in the weeks to month range. I would avoid street food, drink only bottled water, not swim in any rivers or lakes, vigilantly wear insect repellent, and wash your hands often/carry some antibacterial hand cleanser just to be safe but wouldn't really be worried.
I don't buy it. James Shields couldn't hit Poland with the moon if he launched it with the aid of a pitching machine.
Craft Beer. You can bask in how awesomely superior you are over other drinkers and tell people, at length, who don't care at all about beer how great the latest one you tried is.
Edgy. You must have missed the 8 billion other times this has been said since 1996.
That's a name...I've never heard of.
Protip: If you write boner instead you only have to write 'B' and 'R'. The "ONE" is already there. It's always hilarious when some little old lady pulls out a stack of bills and the one on the bottom has boner written on the bottom and she never sees it because it is on the back.
More like so I can awkwardly avoid eye contact in the hallway.
You would do that to the poor cubs hitters? Can't you just accept they're all the second best hitter in baseball (Jake Arrieta included).
&gt;Were they the first to arrive, or was they task especially difficult? That's exactly what happened - they drew the short straw, so to speak. Two of its battalions were in the first wave, and the other followed shortly after in the second wave. The 115th wasn't scheduled to come onto shore until several hours later, and there was yet another regiment of the division held in reserve that didn't even land until the next morning. Look at the 1st division and you'll see the same pattern with the 16th regiment in the first waves and receiving similar casualties.
About God-dam time! Stupid big government ethics infringing on our FREEDOMS!
Did you miss the 2016 Democratic National Convention? That was pretty much the entire message. Apparently no one gave a shit.
I have the opposite problem, I fail to look at the dimensions and a few days later an enormous, odd shaped box arrives on the porch. I ~~think~~ know my mail lady probably hates me.
Good job GOP Congress. You managed to (temporarily) make Donald' freaking Trump look like the sane one and gave him the political capital to start off doing pretty much whatever he wants. It's gonna be hilarious if he decides he really doesn't really give a shit about actually repealing Obamacare and there's nothing the resurgent Congress can do about it.
And end up with 'ninetykilometersaway' instead? Despite being a trivia game no edition of Trivial Pursuit ever has been formatted and edited by rocket scientists.
Cause it hurts their fee-fees and that's like unconstitutional or something.
So much for my new years resolution of not fapping to every picture I see of a hot celebrity in a suitcase.
Inb4 the CIA has Ted Cruz's dad give Mr Trump a Grassy Knoll special.
Exactly. What do people think they are, Dave Matthews Band tour buses?
He died to save us all. Is Chris Berman Jesus? Here's hoping he stays in heaven with Wade Boggs and doesn't come back on the third day of the All-star break.
$300.00 for 15 feet of chain link fence via government contract would be a bargain. That's normally at least two or three mil.
Based Fabio. Dude is a pretty good sport. They've made him do some pretty ridiculous stuff.
Same rules as cancer right? Stick your fingers in your ears and ignore and it will probably definitely all work out.
And also expect to wind up getting paid the standard waitstaff pennies on the dollar after, if the restaurant doesn't close entirely.
&gt; If Obama is doing it then it's not illegal. Silly poster. Have you learned nothing in the past 8 years? If Obama does literally anything it's illegal. Walking his dog, looking out a window, tieing his shoelaces. All unconstitutional.
Bro real gun nuts have *literally* **NEVER** make a mistake and they never, ever will.
I think you're missing the point. These particular trans-vaginal ultrasounds aren't by choice, as in your case of of carrying a pregnancy to term, and, as you mention, they're entirely unnecessary to the procedure at hand. That isn't stopping the right-wing from trying to make them a *requirement* to acquire another medical service, and, in that case, an abdominal ultrasound, is not an option.
You gotta give Vladdy some mad cred for ingenuity. Also his flexibility. Even in porn, I don't think I've ever seen a guy with his dick down someone's throat *and* his hand in thier ass.
And have the peasants coming around? I don't think so.
Put all your fingers out then put your pinky down.
The WoT RPG was published by Wizards themselves and included all the rules needed, albiet if you weren't familar with D&amp;D or other RPGs before it's still confusing.
&gt;P.S. How do you determine starting HP?! Under the listing for each class you'll find a 'hit dice'. eg. d4, d6, and so on. At first level you should take the maximum amount, so a d4 grants 4 hit points. Then you'll need to flip back to the beginning and find a table called something like ability score modifiers. On that table you take the ability modifier of the characters constitution score and add it thier hit points. For each subsequent level the character gains you'll roll a dice instead of granting the maximum, then add the constitution modifier again and grant them that many new hit points. [Here's a relativly simple overview:] (http://www.giantitp.com/forums/showsinglepost.php?p=7501997&amp;postcount=6) It's It's for D&amp;D instead of WoT but the underlying system is exactly the same, so just substitute WoT specific references for D&amp;D ones.
I've been looking for a good sex cult. Do you know how I can join?
But mostly snorted.
No.
Yes, there are laws governing financial disclosures of certain executive branch personnel, primarily White House staff in senior positions but also some others. I believe the Ethics in Government Act contains most of the provisions.
FXX is the extra one they created because they like money and can now charge your cable company for two channels instead of just one.
The other things that went wrong were certainly screwups on the part of the FBI and Justice Department, but paying for tips? That's a problem with Best Buy's internal policy on searching customer's machines, not the FBI.
Yeah you're right, that dude is definitely using honeypot wrong. Well mostly right - it doesn't have to be a double agent just anything the soon to be compromised person will put their hands into. Financial schemes, drugs, money, sex, and so on. Wikileaks not so much.
&gt; By 2024, we'll be doling out the congressional medal of honor to Republicans for being being potty trained ffs Why wait?
LOL even if it is a 4chan joke, half the country is gonna wake up and read about the God-Emperor paying Russian prostitutes to piss on him. Good job 4chan! You really did it!
&gt;That is insanely low. $55/month? My health insurance was that low once too. It's what happened when you were a healthy 20 year old male. Over the course of the next 10 years it rose roughly 20% a year to well over $250 a month.
But Hil Hil defineitely tottally has an underground kiddy dungeon in a pizza parlor.
That apparently Hillary doesn't own a sex dungeon for children under a pizza parlor after all.
Hmmm...not sure if trying to get me to watch Donald Trump pee videos or not.
Eh. Once you get past the founding fathers and a few of the weak early 19th century-ers you come up with **A LOT** of wild crazies to corrupt nutjobs. Andrew Jackson, John C. Breckenridge, the Grant Administration, Teddy Roosevelt was a character out of a fiction book. FDR could have been president for life and was figurativly Satan to the small government Republicans, the guys the Repubs found to run against him were laughable. JFK and RFK were American royalty. George Wallace. Barry freakin' Goldwater, movie star cowboy Ronald Regan, dumbass Dukakis. Ross Perot. Bill Clinton and Barak Obama were political Rock Gods, Bill Clinton breaking out his sax makes that almost literal. Bob Dole wants to know why Bob Dole didn't make the list. That's not even counting crazy VP choices or the batshit nutjobs that make it to the primaries (or conventions pre-primary days). How many times did Al Sharpton and Pat Robertson try to become president?
Well your random declaration is proof enough for me.
Catholic schools are so 20th century. If you want to send your kids private these days you go charter school all the way. Probably one that keeps your kid in a bubble all day.
Only if you don't hydrate first. Also skip your multi-vitamin that day.
You can give money to the government, you can't earmark it though.
"Profits", not profits. Creative accounting should have the government owing him money, though he'll probably settle for zero. Also this is only his DC Hotel, not anything else.
But who did he fire?
I think that's an insult to autists. You'd have to be brainwashed or delusional to think that.
How about as opposed to, say, NOT WALKING OFF THE STAGE.
They'll power through on skyrocketing sales of anti-depressants and lithium over the next four years. Or anti-radiation medicine. One way or the other they'll be okay.
You're fired.
All the best photogs use an iPhone. I had my wedding pictures done with an iPhone 5.
No he did it because he was pissed they redirected him to a central call center and he couldn't talk directly to his local DMV on the phone. The whole thing could have been avoided if he'd just gone in person or talked to the call-center. Dude is a giant dick.
So did they just throw Barron out like garbage?
Raid a family members cabinet. Everyone has codeine cough syrup lying around, mostly because it doesn't really do anything.
If Obama hadn't been so sexy the Secret Service wouldn't have needed to have a coke-fueled orgy with all those South American prositutes. Thanks Obama.
Blow job in the Oval Office, obvs. The other is just whatevs.
Why would anyone ruin perfectly good rice? Vegetables should be eaten raw or not at all.
Who is going to prosecute him? The Trump Justice Department certainly isn't.
&gt; The anti Trump Republicans, Democrats, every media organization, the FBI, and who knows who else all had this document for MONTHS before the election. And they all appear to have reported it to the FBI since an actual Manchurian presidential candidate is way, way above their pay grade. And the FBI, or at least a portion of the FBI, appears to have not only ignored it but actively worked against the other candidate.
Can you blame him? Who among us wouldn't be jetting off to Russia ASAP if they had multiple willing golden shower prostitutes just waiting for them in a 5 star Moscow hotel?
LOL like an unregulated insurance market would ever pay for a prostate exam.
&gt; Sometimes there can also be state-issued health insurance that works similar to Medicaid. Medicaid is a state program, the federal government outsourced it to the state governments to bear part of the cost. And the states have mostly outsourced actually providing the insurance to various non-profits, many run by hospitals, and occasionally for-profits. Medicare does generally cover everything medical related for low to no cost, but payments to doctors and clinics are so low it can be difficult to find a doctor to treat you or a clinic to run diagnostics and the like. There are myriad supplemental programs to it as well, primarily CHIP/SCHIP for children (which pay better than standard Medicaid making it easier for children to get care), as you mentioned your siblings. There are also various state-run High Risk Insurance pools for care of last resort. AKA you (stupidly) have no insurance but find out you have a brain tumor. Costs are astronomical, care is substandard, oh and you may wind up on a waiting list.
Nothing says peace and harmony like being in the bitch position to a county that's barely staving off collapsing into the third world.
Has Adolf "Bryce Harper" Hitler Jr hit 69 home runs in a season yet for the Cincinnati Harambe's?
NATO's purpose for existing is to defend our single most important trading partner, Western Europe, from Russian aggression. It's purpose is not to "wage war" against Russia. Last I checked it was Russia that had militarily annexed not one, but two, different potions of neighboring states within the last ten years. NATO's only expansions have been peaceful and willing members of modernizing Eastern Europe.
&gt; HSA's are the GOP's favorite talking point, but they neglect to acknowledge how little most Americans would be able to save. Should I eat this month? Nah, I'll contribute to my HSA. Plus I'll be able to count my contribution against the taxes I'm way, way too poor to pay. HSA's are the biggest joke ever, no one who actually needs an HSA makes enough to regularly contribute to one.
Sean Connery?
A few years back there was a decent series of British TV spy movies starring Bill Nighy. Rachel Weisz, Winona Ryder, and Helena Bonham Carter all star opposite him. I don't think there was even a single gun, much less an action sequence in three entire movies.
O rly?
The FBI? Does he look like a Democrat to you? Or even know how to use emails?
Other than an inability to use punctuation other than the period and a dubious knowledge of how male ejaculation works, this is some grade A incest smut.
I had no idea Donald Trump was in this movie.
I forsee a lot of bankrupt bookies in the near future.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BLViZ_SjKta/
At least he got his ~~$150~~ $17 million dollars.
They need them for when mugging victims throw shit at the mugger but hit them instead. Sadly they don't all have this guy's aim.
That's why you command your Evergreen Seeds to take a quick stop by your dung bag before they plant themselves.
What if I'm literally Hillary Clinton?
0/10...Why didn't they rename themselves to something ridonculous like the Memphis LooneyMurderBirds after the recent minor league team name trend?
Victim of the short ballot. I don't think he's a Hall of Famer, or even anywhere close, but off after just one year? There were just too many better names. If you're one of the writers who bothers to list more than a few truly elite guys are you really going to pick Posada over the likes of Larry Walker or Fred McGrill, not to mention any of the half dozen much better steroid associated candidates?
&gt;Ivanka is his eldest daughter and it doesn't matter where she was born because Donald conferred his citizenship to her at birth making her a natural born citizen. Ironic considering all the time he spent assailing Barack Obama for the same exact thing.
If you went and bought 10 TRILLION dollars worth of US Treasury Bonds and destroyed them you might very well crater the entire world economy.
It's all about Geography, there's no good east-west route through the mountains of Southern Oregon (or far Northern California), hence Coos Bay remained a modest lumbering town while all the trade funneled to Portland or San Francisco. The sharp coastal mountains, followed by another even bigger range just killed trade, especially in the railroad era when the cities of the west developed.
&gt; Also, fun fact: Hamilton hit the first 2 and the double off of Orioles starter...Jake Arrieta. To be fair like everyone hit 2 homers and a double off Arrieta that year.
Bush II administration, though it was just midway into his first year. There were also two others more recent, one just a week after McVeigh and another in 2003.
&gt; if one were to build an east/west highway across Maine to connect the Canadian maritime provinces to the cities of Quebec, Montreal, Ottawa, and Toronto The original Canadian Pacific railway was actually built this way across Maine to reach the Maritime provinces, though it bypassed the coast in favor of a slightly more Northern route to reach the wholly Canadian port at St John's, New Brunswick.
Looking at the joke Giuliani is currently it's hard to believe this, but he really was a calm and stabilizing influence in the immediate aftermath of 9/11. His SNL opening monologue three weeks later included, I believe, the first post-9/11 joke (remember it was an era before instant memeification) and quite probably the first time anyone not old enough to remember Pearl Harbor felt things would indeed return to normal.
&gt;Do you guys reckon we're actually going to be seeing any major change in policy there from now on? Yes, anything federally funded that's public transit related is almost certainly going to get cut to the bare minimum by a Republican Congress, if not cut entirely. I guess it's not impossible a powerful public-private partnership builds something, but I wouldn't count on it. Republicans are anti-transit just for the sake of being anti-transit at this point, even if, say, a public-private partership high speed rail project could make money. &gt;Fast and efficient cargo rail is of course essential to the US economy, and since that's been such a big talking point, you should be able to expect that the incoming administration will actually deliver on that. We already have all this, all privately owned too, a Republican wet dream. Somehow it works pretty well for the most part.
And the election of the first giant Oompa-Loompa doesn't have historical significance? \#OrangeLivesMatter
dem bootstraps
I say we make it a triumverate and bring back Zombie Adolf Hitler to join them.
Damn girls, you gotta stay home with your man so Mike Pence isn't tempted by all those sexy men sitting alone all day.
\#LowEnergy
Frankly I'm stunned he hasn't yet.
&gt; Well what would close all doubt may be a verifiable time stamp that is set to Why in the world would that close any doubts? We're way, way past the point where facts matter. If it doesn't fit the narrative of the right it's \#fakenews.
The UN has large administrative headquarters in both Geneva, Switzerland and Vienna, Austria. They would presumably move the secretariat and General Assembly/Security Council to one of those, probably Geneva since it still even has the old League of Nations building for meetings. The other programs would presumably be relocated all over the world, the UN has presences in dozens of countires, and pretty much everywhere in Europe. Really though, even if this delusional bill were to pass the UN wouldn't be forced to leave New York and trying to revoke the UN's extraterritoriality and expel them would be a whole different ball game
An honour I graciously accept. When is my parade, so I can get on with teaching those stupid science bitches a first hand lesson in global warming.
But Ann Coulter already looks like she did a couple years of meth?
People are giving Donald Trump way, way too much credit. He's not doing these things to fucking distract people, he's doing them because he's a 70-year old toddler with narcissistic personality disorder, delusions of grandeur, and not a single ounce of impulse control. He actually cares that people think he had the largest inaguration attendance ever and actually feels the need to lash out at Alec Baldwin mocked him on SNL or throw a tantrum and repeatedly slander some poor dead soldier after his father expressed critisism. His twitter feed (and tabloid record before twitter was a thing) is full of instances of this same behavior long, long before he even had anything to politically distract from. It's perhaps more dangerous than these outbursts being a distraction.
Needs more Drake LaRoche.
&gt;I think the big reason this happened was because his parentage was left open-ended for so long, people just figured it out. It was a widely proliferated theory even back in the late 90s. Even before the third book was released in 2000 it was more or less accepted by everyone. All the pieces to put it together are in the first half of the first book, there's just never been any confirmation. The only disagreement usually stemed from the fact that the clues are so obvious and blunt people assume it is misdirection. The big mystery of 1990s fantasy was who killed Asmodean...
&gt; How may seats are the Democrats defending in 2018 that Trump won by 5 points or more? How is Democratic voter turnout during midterms? Indiana, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, and West Virginia. All by more than 5 points. Also, Florida and Ohio among traditional swing states. Plus uphill battles in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. Potentially Maine and Virginia too. Republicans have only 8 seats up for re-releection and pickup opportunities from those include the senate seat in the great state of Nevada and literally nothing else. And let's not even talk about how fucked we are in the gerrymandered to shit House. If Democrats don't turn out in 2018, and history says they won't, it will indeed be a political bloodbath, 60 Republican senate seats isn't out of the question even if Trump hangs like an anchor on Republicans.
Also they don't have a veto, despite what that other guy is rambling on about.
DAE Dirty Libruls hate out milatary circlejerk? Perhaps we just don't want to fund your side's stupid oil wars? Last I checked only a few ultra-left wing kooks, opposed military bases in South Korea or taking out the Taliban in Afganistan. Liberals drove various miltary inventions in the Balkans in the 90s too. Hardly isolationist. We can see also see the logic in not funding fighter jets the miliary says they don't even need. &gt;Its like how left wing media is now in favor of the tpp Did you miss the 90s when President Clinton literally signed NAFTA into law?
Exactly! Just look at how successful it was in Cuba.
**\#162Wins**
Regressives, reactionaries, delusional narcissists - there's plenty of room in the GOP's Big^^^White Tent for them all.
DC is very, very expensive. Less than an hour commute also rules out pretty much everything west of town. If you don't mind living in the dangerous part of the city you can find a place in Anacostia itself, otherwise you'll be looking mostly in Prince George's county or somewhere near Alexandria. A barely inhabitable studio apartment starts at $700-800 and prices rapidly increase from there. Some places off the top of my head that you will see listed in the area you need to look include College Park, New Carrollton, Largo, Oxon Hill/National Harbor, Huntingdon/Springfield/Fort Belvoir. A bit further out Bowie, Annandale. Metro to Anacostia is a pain in the ass from anywhere except College Park IMO, gotta transfer downtown and doesn't run anywhere near most of the jobs.
Liquor Store. Or he could be looking for a Pakistani, probably to have them tortured.
12 hours? I got banned in 20 seconds.
One is okay. If you give them two they tend to pass out or wind up hospitalized with alcohol poisoning. One will get them drunk enough to hilariously fall over while trying to hit the ball, running the bases, and/or just while sitting on the bench.
In fact it's so fucking bad that someone subjected to waterboarding is going to tell you literally anything you want to to get you to stop, rendering it pretty much useless.
Who amongst us wouldn't choose to watch prostitutes pissing on each other given a billion dollars?
No, because remember that time Hillary Clinton personally ordered like 8 billion people to be killed in Arkansas to cover up that one thingy?
I'm willing to join a countersuit against /r/onionlovers. Onion recipies clearly fall under the category of obscensity laws. God only knows what you perverts do with your onion, keep it behind closed doors. Sending them to random people should fall under reckless endangerment,
Might be time to give this Donald fellow a second chance after all.
Inb4 Donald Trump nukes the ACLU and New York Circuit Court. He' seriously not going to like a rebuke on this scale.
&gt; but his ex didn't show up to court Now whose fault is that? Oh wait, it was Bannon's.
Pre-engagement
Photoshopped. Not even a low-ranking Saudi Prince would ever fly his hawks in coach. Business class at the very least, and probably for ones he doesn't like much. A real Saudi Prince would fly them individually in a Gulfsteam for each one.
Probably one they don't really like all that much. A real Saudi prince would have a Gulfsteam for each individual hawk.
Not greedy. I'll just take some Silver.
&gt; So he has someone in mind for the job? Well, yes, Jeff Sessions nomination is currently up for debate in Congress. Sessions is a lunatic and racist and surely would have approved this order. The problem seems to be that the Administration couldn't seem to wait an extra week until Sessions nomination is approved to ram this crazy order through. Of course, now Sessions nomination itself is at risk as a result of the controversy, so we may be without an Attorney General for a while. Presumably, the administration doesn't intent to stop issuing executive orders either without running them by anyone in authority in the Justice Department (there are rumors of an impending one seeking to annul court ordered protections of assorted LGBT rights - essentially re-legalizing discrimination). The White House does have an in-house Counsel they can go to for advice on such matters, though their primary job is more to be the White House's personal lawyers, but I'm dubious that it's not filled with sycophants, yes-men, and nutters, so they'll probably just ok anything Trump and Bannon want to do.
&gt; "wasn't sure it was lawful" You don't seem to understand the constitution is the law she was referring too...
Vince McMahon for Supreme Court Justice? They could at least do it Royal Rumble style rather than Apprentice style.
Technically it does briefly bifurcate in a few places when the Oxbow lake is being bypassed and water is flowing around some islands in the middle, but yeah its really a different process.
But all the evangelicals told me Jesus would never let mankind screw up God's perfect creation.
They tried a regular series of them back in January or February too. At an hour and a half every week, they dragged on a bit too much for me. Once a year was plenty IMO. edit: actually I was way off, that was last summer.
Like Wal-mart's "voluntary" overtime back in the day when managers just locked the doors to prevent anyone leaving? This will work out just as shitty with managers pressing employees to deliver stuff they don't want to until some multi-million dollar lawsuit lays out strict groundrules.
The irony of leading with that quote tho. Made clicking totally worth it. Coal jobs for everyone!
Man, remember the good 'ol Ron Paul days of reddit when we spent hours circlejerking about and/or hardcore bashing the Gold Standard. How young and naiive we were back then...
It's good advice when you're young, eventually you need stuff you can't afford though - cars, medical care, food and shelter between jobs. When that happens there are plenty of people who can't understand the amount they'll have to pay on a credit card monthly or that the give-a-car-to-anyone dealership has an obscene markup on mechanically unreliable cars. It's not unreasonable to suggest a financial literacy course, as the other poster was arguing against, should be a schooling requirement. You'll never teach everyone, some people are actually literally incapable of grasping such concepts, aren't smart enough to beging with, lack basic math skills, or are just too irresponsible to care, but you can teach most people the basics.
It's been going to be China for a while now. While we've been fighting over tax cuts and spending trillions on a military bogged down in pointless wars, they've transformed themselves into a technological and industrial superpower in less than two decades. They ride 20,000 miles of bullet trains while we can't stop old bridges from falling down. They boost renewable energy production every year while we elect people that don't understand basic science. They steal our technology, make it themselves, then sell it back to us for half the price. Another two decades and they will surely be the only remaining superpower.
Until the end when we find out he's literally just been winging it without a clue what he's doing for five seasons and getting really, really lucky.
Parties aren't actually that common in high school. A few kids maybe, a giant blowout with alcohol and no parents? Those aren't real.
I grew up next to a dirt poor trailer park in rural Appalachia. Same story, (slightly) different setting.
Season 5 was generally ok but it was really brought down overall by one of the half dozen plot threads being entirely out of place, bordering on the nonsensical (you know the one).
&gt; that outside the US, "liberal" also means pro-market in a big way. It means it in the US too, it's just the constant right wing propaganda that Democrats hate business because taxes and regulation are evil and basically communism.
Damn straight! Iowa is part of AMERICA, not that damn commie UN.
What is this, Soviet Russia?
It got them a supreme court justice.
A great day for humanity!
&gt; As long as it's only inspired by Betrayal's mechanics I'm interested. I mean, it's Hasbro. The chances it's not a rethemed copy of Betrayal of the House on the Hill is practically nil. It a marketing tactic that works for nearly infinite themed iterations of monopoly, frankly I'm surprised it's taken this long for them to rebadge their better games now that they've grown popular. We'll see.
We had a tornado outbreak about 20 years ago in the part of rural Appalachia where I lived. Iff you ever look at a tornado map, you'll see it's the one part of the Eastern US where there are almost no Tornados (because reasons). Well that spring let's just say there were Tornados. An alert comes blaring on the TV and Radio and whatnot F4 tornado X miles west of. My mother starts frantically calling my grandparents to let them know as they still have a black and white antenna TV with poor reception and who knows if they even believe in radio. When she finally gets them on the phone my grandmother tells her she'll let my grandfather know when he's done mowing the lawn. Now they didn't have a very large yard, two strips about 30 feet by 5 feet, but its still not really the time to let him finish. Now apparently when he finished up and my grandmother explained the situation, argued for a bit over whether it was real, and finally decided it was, my 80 year old grandparents decided to move all the windchimes, hanging plants, and even the plastic porch furniture to the basement. So by this time the tornado has passed overhead, touched down 5 miles away in the next town over, torn up a couple mountainsides, dissipated, and my mother has driven 20 miles to check on them just in time for them to ask if she'll help them move the lawnmower inside to keep it safe. Also, I was nearly killed in a different tornado in the same outbreak.
Step 1: Start arresting redneck congressmen
tl;dr. 800 billion of that amount is literally imaginary, basically trickle down economics for roads. Half the rest of the funding comes from cutting funding to existing roads. So we can build a brand new set of privatized roads.
Also the 80 million or so eligible voters who apparently didn't care one way or another. Plus, the half of the 66 million sane voters who can't be bothered to vote in non-presidential elections.
Let me guess, DeVos doesn't think anyone should have school protections? Well, except of course white Christians who deserve all the protections.
&gt; Winner did not protect herself very well. Clearly, she didn't think this through. Not to blame the victim here, but it was kind of her own fault and kind of inevitable. She emailed a third rate online "news" website classified material from her work computer. Even had The Intercept been moderately competent she still left all the traces to be easily connected to the leak. This is the kind of thing you take to a respectable news outlet that can protect you. Wikileaks, of the mass dumping of underacted documents with literally no discretion or concern for the source, has no real place to criticize in this instance, she'd likely have been caught even easier had she gone to them.
tbf is anyone not born rich even people?
&gt; If he's too dumb for this, how is he qualified for what Trump has him do? He's not qualified.
Gubbermint is always bad, mmmkay?
Where's Ken Bone when you need him?
&gt;And the effect of Shadow Visions is arguably worse because it depends on cards in your deck and what you've already drawn. Getting a card in your deck is better than getting a random choice. Your deck has been optimized both to fit your playstyle and includes the cards needed to do what it does, the random choice hasn't and doesn't. Don't get me wrong, I'd be fine with a Glyph nerf, since its an annoying auto-include as is, but if Shadow Visions gave the same discount it would be much, much better - legit broken in fact, most likely.
Sarcasm. Immediately after the testimony Trump's lawyers and right wing pundits started the 'vindication' spin, aka Donald did nothing wrong, but The Donald, being The Donald, decided to go 'Comey is lying' on things to toredpo everything everyone else was saying.
So much this. It's been bugging me for a month now.
I don't know they were supposed to suck, I think they were supposed to be ok fun cards but not meta defining auto inclusions (which would be bad for most players if they needed multiple legendaries to even play in casual games). They just fucked up the Rogue one majorly, the Warrior one was slightly too powerful, and the Warlock and Hunter quests were drastically underpowered and basically unplayable. All the rest are fun, reasonable, casual cards, at least until someone breaks the Priiest quest too. I chalk it up to poor playtesting. The Rogue quest in particular stikes me as someone thinking it was so bad and unplayable they never bothered to try it out, it does sound terrible at first. It's the same mistake they made early in MTG, give overpowered rewards on cards that look terrible, but forget that someone, somwhow, will find a way to combo or negate the drawback in a way you didn't think of.
Yes.
One thing we can all agree on: it's probably those obstructionist Democrat's faults.
tbf I imagine the White House staff really has been in a constant state of mass panic for the better part of the last six months.
Yeah, can we trade. I'd totally be willing to do that. We'll make Tom Green fucking Emperor of America and put Freddy Got Fingered on continual repeat on every cable channel.
&gt; organised crime syndicate run **gas station** with statehood *and nuclear weapons*
You can get awarded an error without touching the ball, though obviously the vast majority do involve misplaying the ball. In this case though, traditionally a base hit is awarded when multiple players misjudge or there's a miscommunication and the official scorer can't assign the error to a single player.
pick one
Ironically they're both almost certainly atheists or at least agnostics. Though I suppose it's possible that the Donald might believe that he's god.
&gt; if they are in the popular deck lists then you need them *to be ultra competitive. Not having all six is fine if he's only planning on playing casually or even to play as far as rank 15. Even ranks 5-10 should are likely doable.
He could have, but the Democrats could have prevented it ever getting a vote in the Senate through some arcane procedural rules and would have held up Pai's nomination to chairman too, leaving the FCC pretty much powerless. Better to give out the token, meaningless seat and get on with your agenda of evil.
1% didn't understand the question.
&gt;"The changes are intended to squeeze the cash flow to the Cuban military, according to senior administration officials" 'member that time we sold 14 billion dollars of weapons to crazy Quatar? I remember it like it was yesterday...
You shouldn't worry. There's nothing you can do to prevent it, no sense fretting.
I remember Lisa Lampanelli from back in the day, she's never been particularly funny IMO and doesn't seem like a very good fit. I've heard the name Ron Funches somewhere before but know nothing about him. The other three are a mystery. One appears to be a DJ, another an English actor? Strange choices, I guess there just wasn't a well developed pool of comedians to choose from. As an American comedian you seem to either wind up making it to SNL or you don't and end up working on a cruise ships or doing the third-rate casino circuit if you don't. But still, they couldn't have found a few ex-Mad TV guys or something?
That definitely does not sound right.
We know. We also live in reality where we know they're never going to happen so we work for incremental change.
That'll last for until about late 2019 when he's back to threatening to shoot everyone who is running in the Democratic primary.
&gt; Is the leak just public voting records all in one bundle? No, the leak is your publicly accessible information combined with information gleaned from data analysis from myriad sources. Basically a giant spreadsheet that says who you are and what you personally believe. It's the kind of thing that will be used against some people. Oh, you're pro-abortion? Nope, not hiring you.
RIP Old Guy, you're in a better place now. Sometimes you just have to put your struggling dog down.
7/7s more like, can't have them getting killed by Dread Internals and double Wolfriders. Also they should be immune to damage spells, because fuck it they're already unhexable/unpolymorphable. Plus it should give them automatic charge.
Someday it will be a good card - it isn't currently, at least in Standard. If Priest isn't your game, dust it. If you don't think you'll be playing in a few months when it's maybe good, dust it. Or just dust it if there's something you really, really want today and don't worry about months down the line. If you have big plans to play it someday in the future, love Priest, want to get into Wild, or worry you'll regret it, then don't dust it.
No, he was the guy investigating your campaign's shady dealings. Which is arguably both worse and more stupid.
Ib4 courtroom sketch artists b&amp; from white house.
One of a whole series built during Henry VIII's reign to various odd designs early in the transitional period from the traditional castle to the earthen star forts. The so-called [Device Forts] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Device_Forts). They're kinda castles but like you said not really, primarily meant to defend ports on the southern coast from various Spanish and French naval threats. The low walls were meant to withstand artillery and the odd shapes were meant to maximize firing vectors, though ended up dubiously successful, especially the early ones. Nevertheless most remained active through the 1800s and even saw service in WWII. [Pendennis] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pendennis_Castle) and its partner St. Mawes are both worth a visit if you ever happen to be in Cornwall.
I'm pretty sure anti-LGBT people can speak...much as we may wish they were all mutes.
I liked it. It's not revolutionary or Emmy worthy but its quite entertaining. Random Thoughts: Clearly leans heavily on what worked for Orange is the New Black, which is not surprising I suppose considering its made by the same people. Mel Rose is practically Lorna. A couple of the secondary characters didn't get much development this season other than a throwaway line or two though, notably the Asian chick from Scott Pilgrim. Manages to avoid some cliche's, no will-they-or-won't-they and they avoided turning Bash into a one-dimensional sex crazed playboy, for example, but dives straight into others, like Justine. It's very, very 80s. But at the same time can it really be the 80s without at least one montage per episode? Marc Maron is perfect for his role and Alison Brie proves she's great at comedy, which anyone who watched Community already knew. Also, Betty Gilpin is very attractive and Kate Nash is very cute.
Am I an activated ability? It is hidden though.
&gt; It also kicked out a well liked (in rural MD) long serving congressman. I don't think anyone has ever called Roscoe Bartlett well liked before. He won because he had an R next to his name in a conservative leaning district and was an incumbent. He was a shitty Congressman no matter your political persuasion, a back bencher with no influence despite two decades in Congress and not a single legislative achievement to his name in all that time. He was also closer to 90 than 80 when he lost his last election. It was well past time for him to lose his seat. He should have been primaried out by the local Republicans way back in the 90s since he pretty much never did anything for his very poor, rural district.
https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/6joetv/extra_pack_sale_just_started/djfxhr6/ Seems there is a problem with Un'Goro in the Amazon store at the moment.
No he won't. He has executive privilege. You know that word the right has been throwing around for why Trump shouldn't have to testify and the administration shouldn't have to comply with requests for documents and aides to testify. Ironically, Trump doesn't have executive privilege, at least about his campaign's dealings, since anything there occurred before he was president.
adjective: neoconservative; relating to or denoting a return to a modified form of a traditional viewpoint, in particular a political ideology characterized by an emphasis on free-market capitalism and an interventionist foreign policy. The foreign policy aspects are certainly preeminent but right-wing social and economic policies are certainly prominent too. Regan was absolutely a neo-con (600 ship navy, Iran-Contra, Grenada, Star Wars, and more), as were both Bush administrations for obvious reasons. Without the other aspects they'd just be slightly more warmongery mainline Democrats no different than the Clintons and Obama.
The chances of getting a duplicate are ridiculously small, heck the chances of even getting a legendary in the smaller bundles at all are pretty low. It could happen but you'll have far more fun playing the cards or using the dust to craft something you can use today, than waiting at least a month, perhaps even two.
Any info yet on when though?
I won with it, twice no less. Granted the first was against a Primordial Glyph mage who was searching for God knows what repeatedly without ever playing anything except one ice block. The second was against a Shadowstep Rogue whose strategy to win seemed to be to hero power every turn then finally spend the turn before imminent death bouncing Gadgetzan Ferryman a dozen times.
*more heavily criticized than his predecessors, not overly (or undeservedly) criticized. Which is kind of to be expected when you tweet nonsense, behave like a narcissistic megalomaniac, and are embroiled in a new scandal every week.
&gt; People have just sort of forgotten that collectively I guess. reddit is, on average, too young to even remember that far back despite it being less than a decade ago. A large portion of everyone else received health insurance through a job were their employer was absorbing the astronomical pre-ACA yearly increases.
Return to Homelands confirmed. About time my [[Dwarven Pony]] gets some love.
The image of Tom vacationing with Rob's family is bizzarre, to say the least. At a spa, no less. I'd watch it if it were a bad movie or a reality TV show. Of course in reality Rob and Tom probably aren't really all that close to the characters they play up for comedic effect, nor is Rob's family probably nearly as stereotypically lower class as he describes.
RIP Roxy. You're in heaven with Wade Boggs now
It died in the female genocide. RIP Wife City.
