Yeah well good, that champion fucking sucks and isnt fun to play. I understand the zac criticism on not having a new skin until, but yorick actually blows.
Alot of things. But something simple that I despised before being with her was rap music. Like I liked some of the funny eminem songs as jokes or whatever but I never really liked rap music. Then she showed me a bunch of biggie smalls, tupac, ice cube, and even newer stuff like drake, lil wayne and kendrick lamar. I listen to rap like half the time now.
No its aesop rock. Asap rocky is a bitch rapper
Also his newest album is the ep with one catchy pop song, and the rest is shit even with a jayden smith feature. What a joke
Radiohead
So what you are saying, is that the harder to play champion, riven, is better than the simple champion garen, in terms of skill ceiling? Why would you want it any other way? I understand riven can be absurd, but the people doing crazy things on her play alot of riven and have mastered her combos, her cd, her limits essentially. Why punish people for being good and putting time into a champion. God this reminds me of the AWP circle jerk in csgo.
To be honest, Lee sin is best played in a non flashy way. Like sure you can insec and it looks cool and everything but it makes so much more sense to just assassinate early with your innate dmg, then build tank and just peel for carries. For real, if you can kick one guy back into his team mates so your team can get free dmg, that is so much better than kicking somebody into your team. If you want to do that, play pick champs like thresh, morg, blitz and get a tank jungler instead.
Take barrier since he's basically an adc and you WILL get dived, that little extra defense is incredible on him. Don't farm with soldiers early because it pushes lane and uses Hella manna. Just get good at last hitting with his auto, it's not bad. Against melee, bully your opponent when they go for cs with a good w AA q AA. Conserve manna though. Keep a soldier up at all times so you can escape with w q e. In team fights it is RARELY optimal to dive into the team and insec them back. Use the wall as disengage and to split the team apart. Stay far away and be doing dmg the whole time even if it's not on an optimal target. Your q cd is low late so you can contact lyrics redirect soldiers. Max q first, then w so you can have 3 soldiers put at a time. Morello into ludens or zonyas depending, then straight dmg or a situational abbyssal. Treat him like an adc.
I too have seen the David Fincher movie
Dexter season 4 was in my opinion the highest point of the show, perhaps the first season is equal. Anyways season 5 was like watching a show written by retards. I honestly do not understand what the fuck happened. And then they kept going and it stayed bad til it ended. It was amazing and one of the best shows on til season 5.
See I'm one of the people with the unpopular opinion that ac2 is by fsr the best assassins creed. Everything else felt like a money grab to keep the series going. Ac2 was fresh, new character, great new cities, aqesome mission structure. I don't know the other games after just make me think about ac2. I haven't played black flag though
I hear alot of people saying Brotherhood or Black Flag is their favorite. Guess we know different people.
Yeah, It definitely showed.
Pretty sure comms and video are not synched. Could be wrong but it makes a little more sense
Half Life 2, fallout 3. Couldn't choose one sorry.
Yourmoviessuck. Lots of good reviews and then lots of reviews of awful movies. I recommend watching his m night Shyamalan review videos
The best way to smile for pictures is to think of something funny like a Louis ck standup and then laugh because when you laugh you naturally smile
Is everything cringe now?
Well that would include everything I guess. We do not have many adjectives in the english language so I guess everything is cringe now.
This sub is the king of posting stuff that everybody has heard already several years ago. Bravo! I love the song though.
Oh my goodness. This is just too much. I'm literally can't dying
I hope you give her as much in return. That sounds like a 50's wife
Not everyone. My mother is a racist paranoid schizophrenic who I have blocked on all communication outlets. Obviously if you have a mother with great qualities, some of those qualities should be seen in other people, especially another person who can be there emotionally as a parent usually is. Just saying, I think people look for the good qualities in people, not necessarily their mother who may is e those qualities.
Ahh, alright. Good to hear
Yeah this album is awesome. Lots of different sounds in it.
Everything Everything -- Get to Heaven
All hardcore/metalcore. To be honest, even if you do not like the genre, or just not as into it as others, I still recommend Enter Shikari. Really, really strange British electronic/rock/metal band. I never know what I am getting into when I listen to another one of their albums. To see if you like them, I would listen to the song Juggernauts. It was the song that got them on the map on their album Common Threads. They have matured a bunch since then, and improved in nearly every aspect. Good luck!
Run the jewels 2 is 2014.
Well, this is a sensitive subject that could save your kids. You do not want your children to make a potentially life ending decision because they are afraid of getting in trouble with you. My dad did the exact same thing. I never needed him, but I always knew he would be there if I did.
Parenting is work after all. A work you can't leave at the office
I hate to break it to you, but being an analyst in the scene gives you free reign to...analyze whether it be criticism or not. As a team owner, you do not get to be an add on social media and make a fool of yourself. Thoorin is a journalist. He generates clicks and views so he can make money. I like regi, but it was obvious after the whole thing was said and done that regi was in the wrong. Gotta remember he's not just a kid on the internet. He runs a business where your image can hurt you if you fuck it up enough. Luckilly the pr saved him the apology and he has been portrayed much better since then. I'm sure he's a great guy, who got caught up in the moment and forgot who he was. The boss does not argue with the people talking shit. He says nothing and continues running the biggest brand in the scene.
Does the whole league team use tyons
The tyon is by far the best though
smile more
The only cool mispelling for drew ive seen was a guy i worked with named Dru. He was korean with a bunch of tattoos and an undercut. It fit.
Alrighty, I just do not know why people do not just go to the top posts of each month. Like as soon as I found this sub, I went through all the top posts of each month to find music. This will probably end up on the top posts of January. I am not mad that people found this band. I actually want them to be known, I just think it's funny that it gets posted again when it's on a top post of the month already. Not a big deal.
Aye aye capn
Ahh thats a shame. Fizz is actually really good right now lol.
I mean the time travel makes no sense. And the plot makes no sense. Sure it's a cool movie, but it kinda takes you out if you try to think about it. Watch YMS review of looper on YouTube and you will see what I mean.
Dude, there's a section for all Netflix originals and everything I've seen has been great. House of cards, bojack horseman, daredevil, narcos(my fav), and master of none. Thats just the tip of the iceberg. There's clone wars seasons, a bunch of comedy specials like Aziz ansari and john mulaney. There's easilly 15 more shows that I'm on my way to watch. Currently watching peaky blinders and maron on there now. Use it brah.
Yeah just go to search a show and there should be a bunch of categories under the search bar with Netflix originals near the top. Honestly watch Narcos.
Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire. Cillian Murphy is great though
Yeah I'm liking it so far. Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire
Yeah I gotta get back to boardwalk empire.
Could I have some examples? Genuinely curious
This is pretty fucking incredible. Not sure how this kind of practice could be performed in hospitals but it would be very useful. When I was working in the hospital, stroke patients in poor areas would show up past the window that we could treat them and would just have permanent damage. I remember a lady who said she fainted and came to the ER with her sister like 4 hours later then waited in the waiting room for another 4. We realized she had a minor stroke and there was permanent damage. Some people just have never felt the symptoms and a little bit of tingling in the hand seems silly to go the ER for. Not all strokes are full blown peter griffin level where the whole face droops. Sometimes it's just some tingling on your right lip or eye. The window for treatment is too small.
While I don't think you are a god with mastery, I honestly am not opposed to the idea that you must have some level of mastery on the champion in order to play them in ranked. No clue how the specifics would work, but I am just tired of looking at lolwiz and seeing that half my team doesn't even have 5 games played on the champ and zero normals on the champ. Gotta practice a lil bit before you go ranked
Sell me on it. With text or video
Play safe, scaling adcs that can farm well in lane. Mf, corki, Lucian, jinx, kalista etc. Ezreal is on the rise along with twitch as well. Focus on farm before trades. If you aren't duo it's hard to coordinate trades. So just tell the support to hold spells defensively and just zone so you can farm. Then do work in teamfights. Keep track of big abilities like flash, or malph ulti. You know what I mean. If malph ult is up or whatever catch spell and your flash is not, stay back. Let the malph choose to be kited or forced to ult someone else. When big spells like that are gone, do dmg forever, keep auto attacking and stay at the edge of your range. No reason to suicide to kill one guy. It's better they run and you get free hits on tower or get drag or something. Farm, stay alive, and do dmg safely. That's how you do well on adc.
Can shiphtur just retire already. The dude still can't even cs
Thanks, looking forward to buying one after reading lol
Laundry. Not sure why. It's not hard, I just hate it.
Unless she is constantly running out of mana in the mid game where she is most powerful. We will see how it works. I just know that I use alot of manna with her if i cant reset off minions. It's her main trade in lane, and now you will lose manna each time you trade even if you have mastered it.
Well I mean the reason that there exists a one shot caller model is because everybody is so damn quiet here in NA. I mean yall remember TSM of last season. Bjerg would talk and the rest would not talk. Of course it makes more sense to have democratic shot calling if all the shot callers are good shot callers and talk. Better to develop a primary shotcaller for team fights, shot caller for early game and objectives, while everybody calls out. Like every spell thats important, whether a lane is gank-able. I mean everyone should talk.
You think they would have won with any other adc in Europe? Please man. The fact that they could ban forgiven out and nobody else on the team could carry with op picks proves my point. Yes they had an I interesting strategy where they pushed all lanes and let svenskeren duel the enemy jungler. This was the lee sin, elise khazix meta after all. Just saying if their shot calling was really the reason they were winning, then banning forgiven out wouldn't have done anything.
Honestly fuck Hillary Clinton. We do not need a robot puppet hack fraud as president. God what a cunt
She hasn't even undergone the sex change yet though... What if I put a wig on and wear a dress I'm a female hero? It's a fucking shit show. Jenner is a disgrace to women, men, and transgender people. Go talk to trans people, they do not consider her one one of them. She's not courageous. She could go back at any time. Real transgender people with the surgeries feel that they are in the wrong body. What so Bruce finally realized after training for the Olympics, getting married, having kids, being over 50, that he's a woman? It's honestly a fucking joke. Then when you act surprised, everyone thinks you are insensitive or prejudiced toward trans people, when really I'm just insensitive of a fucking celebrity hack fraud exploiting the transgender movement to escape the car accident where he killed people. Perhaps that last part is out of line. I just don't think she's a fucking hero. Certainly not woman of the year.
Are you just parroting? Go talk to a trans person who has gone the whole way, with surgeries and medications and everything. Caitlyn has yet to have the surgery and trans people don't see her as their own.
Well I am sure there are two sides to this obviously. Nearly every trans Ive seen claims it's a publicity thing and that she is a disgrace. You honestly cannot think she deserves woman of the year though? I mean that is just silly. What did she actually do?
Yeah, but unlike an assassin he has to scale up to that point. Can't assassinate til about 20-25 minutes in.
Like Jack and Jill
Dude I was told nothing when I watched this movie. Thought it was just a nice little flick, then the whole nazi thing started happening and I was just on the edge of my seat, then in awe, then near crying.
The Prince's Tale in Pt of Harry Potter. My favorite chapter of the whole series, and Rickman is my favorite actor in the movies.
Oh shit yeah thats right. Do they have halo too? Or is that just TSM?
I like Kobe too. I just think that he gets wayyyy too excited sometimes. Like that's not a bad thing. It was amazing at the end of the C9 vs. Najin White Shield game when he yelled "thats game!" 3 or 4 times. As for really nice, concise analysis, I think Jatt is a hair better in game. Of course Kobe is the bomb with his theorycrafting out of cast though.
Because they are owned by Riot. Riot can set any sort of contract terms on them, including not allowing them to spend time on another job/project. It is similar to how "moonlighting" or working at other clinics is not allowed for physicians in the medical field. Your employer wants you at your best, and perhaps having another project or job could detract from your primary jobs' performance. However, I can't imagine that Jatt didn't just go ask Riot if he could do some small content on youtube or twitch.
I mean New Balance has Sk Telekom right? Nike will be on TSM is a year or less, i guarantee it.
Sk Telecom is sponsored by New Balance....Also chess is a sport. The definition of sports changes as the culture does.
Plus they are wearing new balance
Yeah, I mean amazon has all sorts of different shipping methods though. Most of the time I order multiple records and they come like this. However, one time when I had ordered just one, it came with only the cardboard sleeve, no exterior box or packing materials. It arrived just fine, but the warped records I sometimes see from amazon could totally come warped when packaged without a box. Who knows what other packages can hit it in the truck or how it's stored. But I mean, if there is a problem, you can just return it. Records are kind of delicate and if they are not shipped correctly and something happens, amazon understands. Which is why they mostly ship in the box in the first place.
I am fairly certain I have been there. I cannot remember, but it sounds the same and I remember the big ass pickles and that monster 20 dollar sandwich. Fairly certain i got pastrami as well. The fucker just came apart when I picked it up. Just had to eat it with a fork lol. Floss for days.
Pretty good explanation. I find that I am on top of things or at least think I am, until something happens where I'm not prepared, then I start over and try to do it again, this time taking into account the mistake I made earlier. But it just feels like there are infinite mistakes.
I mean also dragons. Charlie Weasley works with all sorts of different breeds there.
Yeah like wtf..........
I totally agree. Monetizing your free time would be one of those things you can limit though.
Big and open. Two floors I believe. But the tables were tight. Mostly all wooden.
My favorite song by them.
I've only met one person that doesnt like Pink Floyd. But yeah all these songs are amazing. If you want a synthy weird track from animals also, I recommend pigs.
Good choices. However I love every song by this band. Even their splits
Well everyone has different opinions right? I think a 6-7 is a fine score for it. It was a really entertaining movie, but to me it wasn't fantastic. I don't think people rate movies low because of who directed them.
For real like piglet is going to listen to anyone. That guy is just a pain to work with it seems
Or just leak before queueing up
Me too
Botrk for split push duels. Hydra for team fight
It's okay for us disagree!
Yeah or the Fenix misplay at the end......for real tahm can be banned. Missing shockwaves is their own damn fault.
Sure there is...but as a general rule of thumb.
It doesnt help you split faster though......More attack speed helps you kill towers faster. Zed waveclears with his abilities not with his autoattacks like the champions would build hydra to split push. And then the most important thing....you have to be able to duel the person who comes to try to stop the split push. Botrk is better for dueling due to the increased single target dmg from passive and active. Hydra is better for team fights as you can get aoe off with the hydra active in the team fight. Like find me a game of a pro player split pushing with zed who bought hydra.
Not as big of a gap between 2 and 3 as with 1 and 2. It is still great. But it feels like uncharted 2. I would still play it. I loved it, but it just was not as awe inspiring as uncharted 2 because it just feels like uncharted 2.
oh boy......the attack speed from botrk along with the ghostblade active is higher dps on a tower than with a hydra. Also there are no games where zed team fights.....cause hes a fucking split pusher. But people want to team fight him when they are ahead for whatever reason, so hydra would be better for that initial aoe quick burst from hydra and e. Late game with qss and zonyas you cannot burst a single target in a team fight. As for the not being able to duel.....of course you set up your split push, ya know by warding the path that people would have to take to get to you. Zed has low cd's meaning that he will always have his abilities up to duel and attack minions. If you want some proof of peoples builds, look here. http://www.probuilds.net/champions/details/Zed 95% of the builds include a botrk. Only one person built a tiamat and it was in a 19 minute game that he bought right before it ended. Faker also played a game and went ghostblade into hydra also ended at a short 24 minutes, in which he basically snowballed and team fought the whole time. Everyone else builds botrk. Because you should be split pushing with zed. It's why hes picked. Literally stop arguing with me and go watch any of these games, or better yet, go ask a streamer like Bjergsen if hydra is better than botrk for split pushing.
Brandon Rogers is so fucking funny.
At least your stupidity has created a meme that I laughed at. Look at top comment
You aren't. Read the graphic
But dexter has the worst decline of any show ever. 1-4 are fantastic television. Then each season got stupider and stupider. Don't even get me started on the last season.
Yeah to be honest that's murder in my eyes. Like how is the copy cat of the office rated higher than the office. It's a fucking copy. It's not bad, bit for real it's always sunny is way better than Parks
Leave.
It's honestly fucking stupid. House of Cards developed one good character. The rest make no sense. We watch the show to see frank and Doug do shit. Mad men developed every one of it's characters including non important characters like dons secretaries and even the minor people from other companies.
Wow, I am stupid! You are right.
A lesson was learned though
Loving the peptide structures here
Who could then relay to alive players?
In the context of last season and the Meta who was better?
Sorry bit you aren't a horror movie buff. Compare original Texas chainsaw massacre to Jennifer's body
No.....Bjergsen is really good, but last season he was not better than Febiven.
I was like dude it's called warcraft. Not world of warcraft.
I just choked on water then thought about. I TOO AM A NEAT GUY
All the xmithie is bad jokes. Now look who's bad. Sorry but this guy always irked me.
Gonna be bad lol. Miscast luthor. Too many characters and plots aka spider man 3 syndrome. Not to mention man of steel was bad, and Snyder is hit or miss with his hits being exact copies of their source material where he doesn't have to write, and his misses being void of any substance
The majority of it is a copy straight down to dialogues and scenes. Sure maybe 10% of the movie was changed. However, Snyder has shown he cannot make movies without having an already written work to adapt from. Hence why 300 and Watchmen are his best movies.
Even if all that works out, lets remember who's directing it.
Not to mention it's 3 seconds, riposte is .75 seconds so just count to 2.5.
Parry right after Q. You will parry during the dash
Fucking pigs. Thanks for saving me, hack fraud servants of the people. Hack pig fucks
You are responsible for your property simple as that. If someone is blocking your mail box or dumpster, call the local police and they will handle it. Of the dog is chasing the mail man, talk to the owner. Like it's more your responsibility as a hone owner to follow the rules in place, than for the garbage man to deal with that shit. Like he said, when your dealing with 100s of homes, why would the man be responsible for all of them if they are not following the rules? It's pretty simple in my eyes.
Maybe the champions become more fun to play? Ya never know
Uhh I think it does alot of dmg.....especially if you land your whole combo and already get a true dmg stack down. I mean he relies on positioning correctly to hit multiple enemies in a team fight. 1000+ dmg on multiple enemies in a fight is pretty strong.
Pay for my own college tuition and PA school. Pay my dad back for everything. When I get a job in the medical field, after a few years, I will buy my dad a sail boat and move him to san francisco for his retirement. He deserves it. Especially if it's the governments. I already plan on doing this anyway.
Dude this is like everything in my life. I guarantee if you think about something long enough it starts to sounds bizarre. Like I got on a bus, sat down, then went to university, then sat for several hours split up between short walks to other buildings, then got back on the bus and went back to my apartment. Like what the fuck? I sat for most of the day, just in different spots. As for sex in general, like why are we attracted to sex stuff? Like what about a vagina looks nice to us? It's really strange. It's like humans are so advanced that we sit in like a million places a day, and even move while sitting, but we are still wired by instinct for reproducing. It's like how a fruit attracts animals to eat it so the seeds can spread. The vagina is like that fruit that attracts us so we can spread our seed. Yeah I am gonna go. I need to go to bed I think.
It would be even greater, if there was a way to vote from your smart phone and somehow could type in your social or some type of identifier and the results could be secured. Not sure how viable that is, but if everyone could vote easily, I know the U.S. could be different.
To skip to the end of the semester with a 4.0 and forget last semester happened. Also to go on this health fellowship.
Two----sorrrry Birdemic: Shock and Terror My fucking god, so this movie just has no clue what information is important and what shit is not important. Like we see the main character drive to get gas and it takes 10 minutes. The acting is awful, the camera work is laughable, the plot and pacing makes no sense. I am surprised it's a real movie. Santa Claus Conquers the Martians: Yeah so this piece of shit. I conclude that this is the worst movie of all time. At least most shitty movies are so bad they are funny at times. Like I actually love Thankskilling(check it out on netflix). But this damn fucking movie is so boring, so bad, no action, no tention, no plot. Special effects budget ran out to the point where the paint on environments and characters fades throughout the course of the movie. It's just a movie that you wonder how someone paid for it. Like the bad funny movies are just shit because of constraints and amateurism. This movie is shot like a professional movie from the time, but is just terrible. Do not watch.
I actually like that movie. Then again I like the majority of the fast series. Besides the second 'Fast and the Furious'
The worst? Dude it may be average, but come on you are missing out on some bad movies!
Time manipulation like anybody else. Like come on. You could beat superman if you could freeze time for however many years it takes you to find kryptonite and stab him. Literally too op.
Well my mother is a schizophrenic nightmare. Last time I saw her she called me a "piece of shit son". I drove her to the airport early and now don't talk to her anymore. No comments about how it's wrong or that she can't help herself. I already feel guilty enough. It's easier to block her out then deal with her.
Narwhal bacon
Foxcatcher moreso. I liked the movie, but I don't think I will watch it again. It just had the worst sense of foreboding I have seen. Everything just looks like it's going to be bad. A really dirty movie, that does not make you feel good at any point.
Go watch Prisoners
And read it.
6 feet under
Lol hero
He's also homeless and gross and has a real identity. Rorschach is simply Rorschach.
I think you need to go play him again lol. He does a tuck ton of dmg
I agree. I'm a Jon Hamm fanboy, but radcliffe was funny in it also. Hamm is writing more right now
I can't if you are being sarcastic or not. I don't think the harry potter character requires an amazing actor. The fact is that all of those harry potter characters took a few movies to really get good. I mean they were child actors and pretty inexperienced. I think by book four, every character in the harry potter movies was acting decently.
By your same logic, the trashman isn't at your home all hours, and actually is responsible for picking up your trash only, or the mail man, mail delivery only. They aren't paid to deal with everybody's dog and neighbors car. Why should he spend 5 minutes extra on everyones house? Would you work extra for same pay, get home later?
Whoops. You know what I mean. It's funny caUse I own the book lol
Ehh, who cares. They are my guilty pleasure. However I do think fast five is actually a good action movie.
Well, xpeke is still the most clutch mid laner to play the game in my opinion. Like sure he's not the best, but time after time, he does something that wins the whole game. Powerofevil is just basic. He does well if he snowballs, he's average when he doesn't. OG is missing any type of clutch player. I love the og bot lane, but powerofevil not working
Yeah it's on my 'to read' list!
It cost time and therefore money to send a trick out to service your trash. Its an extra trip, so it's an extra charge. It sucks, but that's how it works. Can't just get shit for free all day man.
That seems reasonable to me.
Well duhh
I like Matt. I can't believe I actually like something about team liquid. I haven't liked a player on their team since voyboy
He's top 3 though. Could make arguments for the best but he's for sure top 3 undeniably.
Yeah, I mean personality wise. But yeah he should make TL fun to watch for once.
Yeah pretty much. You need a player that can take that risk every game and swing the lead. Sure being consistent is super desirable. You will not ever throw the game, but you wont swing the lead either. Which brings this question to mind. Will TSM be able to make one of their clutch players their consistent player? Or at least be able to turn one on or off depending on comp? So double can play ashe or sivir and live, and bjerg can stomp on viktor. Or bjerg can play lulu, and double can stomp on lucian? We will see.
We are going by longevity....best in their career. I put mata, and yellowstar in the same realm as hai. Sure Pyl, mithy, picaboo, gorilla all have had splits where they undeniably shot called better. But if we put into context all of their splits. Well mithy has been here a year. Piccaboo wrecked for a split when he went to KT. PyL did well for a year, now where is the shotcalling? They win the season, then proceed to have no shotcalling at all. Gorilla was pretty great on every iteration of tigers, however that teams shot calling has dipped in every iteration of tigers. From best team in the world to losing to WE, to coming back again, then dipping in groups against FW, then doing well again. Bengi was not the shot caller on skt. It has been said that everybody shot calls, with Faker and Bengi being the most vocal. On skt in season 3, mandu was actually the primary shotcaller. As for Hai, he dominated NA for years. Lowest he finished on a team before retirement was 2nd place, and shotcalling had nothing to do with it-his wrists made him unable to practice long which made his champion pool predictable. TSM knew this and baited his zed to get chogath against him. This past season, he roleswapped to jungle and brought a team that was near relegations(if tdk had full roster from start, def relegations) to worlds. With little time, they beat every team in NA except TSM and CLG, then they overperformed at world through shot calling solely. If we want to examine c9 at their peak at season 4 worlds, they beat SSB in a game(who had better players in every position but adc), they beat Najin sword through shot calling(gorilla was on this team btw). Across his career I think it's reasonable to put him in top 3 or at the least top 5 in the world career wise.
Lets forget that double was the best adc last season.
Also poppys ram is really weird form of cc where you have to predict it at the right time because it starts before it hits and you are instantly in the cc. It has to be predicted st that close range.
Lol, yeah you can't ever like a new team because of bandwagoning. Then that team has no fans
They are trying to grow Bunny as a player. Having two players in one role forces both to work harder for their starting spot. It is going to take time for Bunny to grow into Hai's place. However, since Hai is my favorite player, I kinda like that C9 needs him even though he does want to play and is not being forced to.
The fiora was enabled by the ganks though.....Also GP got through which was 100% pick/ban. Why can't people just say C9 played a good game?
Nobody ever points out how aphro gets caught at least once every game.
I just think that's a lame excuse. Dying in a teamfight that your team wins is understandable. Maybe you make a great engage or peel long enough to save a damage dealer but die in the process. But getting caught put by facechecking the enemy jungle will mia enemies and no existing ward line to work from is not really acceptable.
Because then that person is gone....like literally just think about it a second...Sure you wont care if you're dead but if any idiot loves your dumb ass, then they will be sad. Lord what are you, 10?
Well Smitty needs to stop being an asshole then. Cant have bad attitude on any team.
Well one this is for sure...Ban poppy against him. Because holy smokes he does really well on that champion. Plus shes really strong. I honestly think they need to play the way they did in their last game on sunday. Play top side with the jungler and get hauntzer ahead on something he can carry with like poppy, renekton, etc. Pick a tanky support with alistar or braums to dive bot lane with a teleport. Or pick bard. Always have bjerg on a pick champion like syndra or ahri and have him roam bot for the dive. Double should always just play the scaling ad in caitlyn, jinx, trist, etc. No reason to get him ahead early because hes still just gonna farm for core items anyway. Getting Hauntzer ahead makes the rest of the game much easier.
Well Adrian was praised by every caster and host for not dying in 3 games. He is being talked about. Hauntzer wasnt being prioritized in strategy until their last game, so it was hard to see him do well as he was getting dived the whole time. Gotta play around him and then TSM will destroy.
ADC should have qss anyways. Fiora is not that strong late game unless she gets her ult off in a team fight. You stun her up and shes gone in one second.
I mean it rewards people who are good with her though....Riposte is actually the best thing about her kit as it makes her take skill to play well, when the old fiora was very cheesey and easy. You have to be in the marker to get stunned, so thematically it makes sense that she can dodge something like irelias stun because of her duelist theme. She's really not that bad, especially in this top meta where we are seeing poppy, lissandra and such. Not to mention that if you get qss, you can beat Fiora. She's really not that bad guys.
QSS, vault her when she comes near. Use ghostblade to kite.
It's better than just using your same stupid mobafire build everygame because you want to whine about a champion that is not actually that bad and has very clear counterplay.
Not really.....malphite, rumble, lissandra, kennen, and tahm are all teamfighters. Fiora is a split pusher called "The Grand Duelist". For Darius, literally just build mercurials and if you are 3 kills ahead, you will never lose a duel to her ever. She has no dmg on you. In facts I think Darius vs. Fiora late game goes to Darius because he can nullify the ultimate and his health items give him an edge. Adapt or shut the fuck up.
Well I guess somebody has to like them right?
Yeah looking forward to playing when spring break comes. I have league uninstalled currently for the start of term. Definitely gonna play some poppy.
We are talking about one champion here......Sure put words in my mouth and use an absurd analogy to make me seem stupid. Believe me I have my share of champions I would tweak. Fiora is not one of them. One of my biggest philosophies for video games is that they should reward players who master them. Fiora is a champion that requires the player to put time into and to definitely be able to outplay using riposte. You cannot just play a couple games with her and stomp unless you are in bronze in which case bronze shouldnt be used to balance the game. Her win rate fluctuates below and over 50% depending the popularity, region, and tier. I think she is balanced. She feels impactful to play when you play her properly, and she can be punished easily if you do not.
good riddance
Hot cheetos or takis wrapped with ham. Or recently nachos with extra sharp cheddar but add pepperoni.
Isn't that called the Elvis sandwich? I can't remember
Even worse. When your friend stays with you for a couple months and can't wake up from his alarm so it just keeps going off for hours even though I turn his phone off. He had a passcode so I can't stop his several alarms. So it's like 5 or 6 alarms before like 1pm. At this point I just get up and play league and forget about life. luckily i don't deal with that now. Just my kitten walking on me at 5am
I want to try one some time. Seems like a life's worth of calories though
Not for dodging team builder
That sounds fun for other drivers
Nobody uses ipads instead of wacoms man.
As somebody living in Texas during highschool who did but from a random guy who knew a guy who bought from a thug, I've never experienced different strains. Just weed that got you high. I'm genuinely curious to try it again when it becomes legal. Well, if it does in Texas
Vine famous is the same thing as youtube famous though. You are still making content that many people watch. Then those people go on Twitter, and their fans follow them see their posts then repost their tweets so all their followers can see. Twitter is really great at spreading information just because of how it's structured. Much different than facebook in that regard.
And now they are all shit. Or st least all average. I'm sick of superhero movies. There's like a good set of them every few years but then there are dozens of producer written trash. Like 1989 barman was great. Toney Maguire Spiderman 1 and two were great. Then nolens batman is the best superhero movie set ever made. But we get the daredevils, green lanterns, man of steels, and now this stupid avengers and justice league crap. It's a fucking business and im sick of it. I don't even watch the trailers anymore because I've been beaten to death by so many super hero movies. Theve become the Friday action flicks at this point, along with the shitty horror movies.
Sorry for wanting good movies and not fucking excuses to sell toys and fill producers pockets. I already said I loved the Nolan films among some others. They are actually good movies separate from the comic book genre. The majority of super hero movies now are shit but fans want to see their character on screen like you. I want to watch good movies. Not fucking shit. Which is why I am pretty much sticking to directors/writers I know at this point. By the way, go see Anomalisa. Give your money to that movie please
Well if you are having trouble doing a full clear because you are having trouble with animation cancelling. Just do a one side clear by doing gromp, blue, wolves, scuttle, gank, or ward. Then back. Just keep trying to clear better with cancelling each time and when you are feeling better about it, then try the full clear.
Is that an ultrawide? Which one was it
Having two mid laners is an advantage though. If you play them correctly. It also gets a fresh player in after a loss which is huge.
Well then don't play caitlyn lol. When you are in the clown fiesta known as bronze, you win games by snowballing on champions like fizz. Mid has always been the most snowbally and in lower elos, snowballing a lane wins you the game.
I am a US Navy seal....
I wish everybody in the world would think like this.
My friend has a 144Hz monitor or whatever and it's really noticeable. I'm just wondering if the resolution being so high would make a lower refresh rate fine. Because there don't seem to be any 144hz uktrawides with 3440 resolution.
I too watch LCS
To get a paid salary you need a work visa
Washed out though. Pray in particular was on his way out and is now top 3 adc in the world in my opinion.
Wait there are people that think putting ones furniture together is hard? It's like adult legos. It's no ds fun sometimes. Although I must say be careful with desks that can be assembled two ways. Like with the cabinet on the left or right. Just so you can build the way that you want
Sent from my iphone
I'm just saying, he wasn't stellar, then he was team less and everyone thought he was gone and then he came back and had improved incredibly. I think his corki is still the best in the world
Yeah whatever. Do your thing
Can't have two teams in lcs
What was the kanye line in the song
No. Boys are not inherently shit. If they are thieves you teach them a lesson. Or you ya know...parent them in general. It bothers me that asshole parents are making asshole children. It's like hereditary at this point.
How articulate
Who also beat TSM also. Lets be real it's a clown fiesta spit there besides IMT
I'd rather watch great movies than the same movie with a different guy in a different suit fighting against a different bad guy.
Well you could argue that wild turtle is coming back. You could argue that bengi was shit in season 4 then came back very strong in season 5. Xpeke slumped for awhile then came back in challenger series and improved well enough to do great at world's despite being against people who were perceived as stronger than him. Same thing with soaz and amazing. Players dip all the time man. Even in actual sports. You don't become irrelevant when you play bad for a little bit. You just have to work harder to get back to that level.
The logic is funny but to be honest it's easier to watch 50 minute chunks then a 2 hour movie. In tv show format the arcs made for that time frame. Where as in a movie the arcs can be like 2 hours long and sometimes you just don't want to do that.
Panty liners aren't frowned upon though.. at least I've never heard of them being frowned upon
I mean yeah that's totally fine. It's okay for us to disagree. I mean the majority of people going to see them think they are great. I just dont, that's all. Last great movies I saw were The Revenant and Anomalisa. I loved Hateful Eight and The Big Short as well. I just like watching amazing movies when I go to the theaters. It's already too damn expensive to see movies all the time. Anyways, keep doing it if it makes you happy. I'm just a jack ass online.
Yeah it's literally a version of Hamlet. I love it.
You should go watch anomalisa
can confirm
Dr. Manhattan
To be honest, as soon as the braum ult missed, they should have backed. Everything was down and they didnt know where lissandra was.
They had a large lead off of nidalee though.....did you even watch the game? The nid pick was fine. It was over commitment that lost them the game. First staying for the nexus tower and dying. Then the mid fight where they chased even when braum ulti was down and liss mia. Then at baron the second time they should not have stayed on that baron. They should have known the rek sai would ult back.
For real moon is really bad. He should have ganked top immediately after the flash was blown. Like I just do t see this guy doing anything all game. He had one good gank mid. When you are Elise, you gotta gank
Source
I guess. It's just doesn't make sense that he had half the farm while barely ganking, while proc had twice as many ganks. I understand your point but moons pathing looks like solo Que man
PIVVAUGHT
Real talk though I've been a night owl for most of my life and just recently this semester I decided and actually did start going to bed early and getting consistent sleep. Like 8 or 9 hours. I feel amazing in everyday life. School is easier. Ive been running an hour a day 5 or 6 times a week. Like it's so weird, it all starts with getting good sleep. However your fun level directly goes down. I'm tired at 1am now on weekends. If I go to sleep past 1am and font get 8 hours, I feel terrible the whole day, and that impacts my whole day, and it takes several nights to get back to normal. It's weird.
See I love the humor in Louis, but my favorite parts of the show are to drama sections with the hungarian girl, his ex wife, his childhood and his mother. It just rises above other shows when it's injected with some real feelings. I'm going to watch this tomorrow after all the bullshit I have to do. Thanks for your thoughts.
Yeah I mean not even just partying, late night fun in general. I've shifted my Alamo drafthouse showtimes to 6 and 7 instead of 10. I even saw hateful 8 at 930am lol. It's a shift but It makes school a lot easier. I remember an upper classman telling me when I was younger to pick two of the following three. Sleep, study, party. It's been mostly true despite being an oversimplification.
Thank ross
When I had an iPhone i used it 450 days in a row. I love that application. However all the android ones don't work ad well. And I'm on a hand me down android at this time.
I thought I was being a little funny.
I actually just do not understand. Literally just give us back solo/duo ranked and team ranked fives. If you want to play silly with your friends and have laid back fun, then play normals. This is just ridiculous.
truecels is actually pathetic
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night
Current SO of four years.
No, league is toxic because of the amount of fucking time each game lasts. It has nothing to do with team environment. I think I have seen one person rage in Overwatch. The games fly by and as such, nobody rages. In league, when somebody fucks up, you lose time. When a game is lost, its rough to come back up. I don't give a fuck about the "explanation". Bad business decisions that piss off your community can hurt your game. I am sure this won't kill league cause its so big, but Riot is basically saying fuck you to all the people including me that got them to where they are. We are the original customers. It seems ridiculous to me that Riot can't make us happy.
World of Warcraft is about to be.
I thought blizzard was trying to shut them all down.
I just remember getting an email from Nostalrius talking about how blizzard was shutting them down. Maybe they came to an agreement and I am out of the loop.
spicy
Literally just play thresh more. Thresh is pretty underplayed in competition and it boggles my mind.
It is just weird, because thresh comes out in international competition pretty often. Not sure why he's so underplayed.
But op is right....he is better than them all because the others have build paths that rely on crit. The non-standard build paths of lucian, ezreal, twitch, vayne, kalista make them better earlier. And games are so much shorter now. Kinda makes sense.
Good riddance. You are getting paid to play fucking video games. So play the damn games and let the people who are paid to coach, well, coach. Ridiculous. This guy is super talented, but what a pissy kid. Give the spot to a guy who at least is not a shit.
I should have been more specific. I think Nolan has one true masterpiece and then a masterpiece within a genre. Memento is the only 10/10 compared to all movies. However, I give The Dark Knight a 10/10 for super hero movies and do not think that any super hero movie will top it unless an equally talented director goes for it. The Dark Knight is realistically a 9/10 compared to all movies. I admire Nolan very much still.
Nope in my experience its the jacked guys giving advice to other jacked guys. I don't have a problem with it, it is just distracting. Like I don't think those people are douches like crossfit or veganism stereotypes(I am vegetarian by the way). Like I have met some of those stereotypes before. I think weightlifters are actually super nice, I just do not like talking while I work out whether it be running next to someone or a guy and I alternating at the bench. You did not have to get passive aggressive and just assume I am an idiot. I also noticed my type. I meant "depends" on the gym. Anyways, take care.
It obviously does not affect me in the same ways that master and challenger or even diamond are affected but in principal I think dynamic queue is bad. I enjoy playing solo and it kinda sucks to go into a game with a 4 man and just be disconnected. I enjoyed solo/duo alot more to be honest. Also sometimes you get a four man who has a player that is several divisions lower and they do bad. I guess that can happen in duo/queue too though. I think Riot should just go in the way of DOTA. It makes the most sense and gives everyone what they want. You have solo/duo, 3's, and 5's. Or something similar to that. In principal it does not make sense to get a personal rank that was earned in a premade. True skill not really rewarded.
Wow a director conveying information through images and video in a medium where you record images and video. This post makes no fucking sense. Snyder should my be praised for the most basic thing ever. Also I wouldn't be surprised if the DP did more than Snyder. Snyder is trash. His only good movies are graphic novels so he didn't even have to storyboard or write a full script. He's a fucking child and not far behind Michael bay.
The questions just seemed rhetorical and made to point out my idiocy. Whatever, take care stranger.
Lol elise has already been played alot this first week. I think pros can land skillshots just fine.
Ahh aight.
Slow down the speed on youtube and literally get every combo down, then do every combo every day before playing dynamic queue. Soon you will get them all down. I have a friend who plays smash melee and he literally just practiced for 30 minutes a day doing all the tech/combos until he could do them perfectly like 100 times in a row without messing up. You have to commit these combos to muscle memory.
Santorin is by far the most frustrating jungler to watch of all time. I cannot think of another jungler than is just so passive, and so bad. In game 3, he picked chilling smite, and counterjungled instead of focusing the pushing vlad, while graves was shown across the map. Like dude....focus the vladimir so your maokai can keep him down. Jesus fuck that guy. Put dardoch on NRG.
Flash isnt always up. The other player can flash away. There are many more variables to take into consideration than a neutral monster.
I don't even care about the build. He had a chance to snowball that game or at least help quas out. Go watch game 3. Graves is shown on the other side of the map and Santorin makes the decision to counterjungle two camps, then ult mid to help save the turret that wasnt going to fall anyway. Vlad was pushed, and maokai went double dorans into cowl to help out the early game. Why did santorin not gank that lane and help out? Just makes no sense to me.
Yes there is more to the game than ganking. However, in that situation, vlad was pushed up and rek sai has tunneling capabilities to get by wards. Graves was shown on other side so no chance at a counter-gank. Quas went double dorans into cowl and was actually doing good in trades against vlad. Vlad carried that game. You have to put back the vlad. Also graves was not back at those camps until they spawned back anyway.
Yeah I mean some champs have animation cancels like riven or some other random little resets or cancels. But smash melee at the competitive level is all animation cancelling and exploiting it to the point of making combos. You delete frames of delay to be quick and get movement. I wish I was good at that game but its just too technical for me.
Ye
Except for r/truecels. That sub should be banned and every member exterminated. Such pathetic filth.
A bunch of guys who have decided that sex is the most important thing on the planet but are still virgins. They think that it is womens fault for them not getting laid. Basically the idea that girls only fuck chads cause they are whores and like attractive guys, but really they should be fucking 5's like them.
I hate that movie to be honest.
On irelia.
Yeah its pure filth. However, I am bad too since I go on there whenever I feel shitty to remind myself that I am not too shitty. Not as bad as them though. Terrible.
It think that is an incredibly lazy way to view the team. But whatever.
He won that shit because of bjergsen. Like anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional. Yes it is a fresh team, but it is simple jungler knowledge to know what kind of style you are going to play and build and play that style accordingly. He was top side, graves was far away, vlad was pushed against maokai that built for early with double dorans and cowl. You fucking gank the vlad with your chilling smite reksai. You do not counter jungle two camps against a graves. He's bad and I will not take any other answer.
They ended up getting the mountain drakes anyway.....You have to play proactive. I actually have no clue how you are defending santorin right now. Its baffling.
For real, sucks it didn't too well in the box office. It was really great and funny. Haven't seen a movie of that action/comedy style that good in awhile.
Ryan Gosling was so funny in this. I loved how he treated his assistant in the movie. His physical comedy is amazing.
Absolutely fantastic. A masterpiece.
I haven't seen one Miyazaki movie. And I'm a huge film buff. So don't feel bad. My friend actually torrented Spirited Away on my computer and put it in my movie files ahead of other movies lol. I've been stalling.
A real surprise. It's from the director of Jennifers Body of you can believe that. However, this time she goes full Hitchcockian. Like full on. The score, the angles, the cuts, the dialogue, all of it. I distinctly remember a scene where the main guy is outside and he's looking in on his ex put something in a drawer. It's straight out of psycho with the window. Also the scene where the bald guy(can't remember his name but he was great in Zodiac as well) is telling the SPOILER story about how he killed his wife. I got the dual character thing like with Anthony Perkins where you like him but he slowly gets stranger and stranger and then says something that makes him instantly scary. He says "I hit her harder than I've ever hit anything". Great movie guys.
Another good Jonah Hill supporting role.
Really great unnerving debut from that director. Is like to see him SPOILER give us some more pay of though. I think he could have shocked us more especially with how disturbing the opening was.
So good.
Yeah watch The Shining as well. Considered a perfect movie technically speaking.
An to me I thought it was overrated. It felt like it was just trying to be shocking. Bronson felt silly as a character. Not a bad movie but the movie I watched after, Filth was much better as an antihero film.
Has to be sarcasm
I don't understand. His topics are about things that everybody cares about.
Meteos was player of the series anyway. Like honestly hes getting better each game. I love him.
I have no clue. I think that double is better but is so close that I could see it either way.
Yeah, its hard for me to rate Kubrick movies, but yeah The Shining is up there. Like I said before, the movie is technically perfect. Kubrick shot so many retakes of scenes that he actually could not have made a better version of it if he tried. Kubrick also directed the actors to an extreme, with Shelley Duvall actually saying Kubrick emotionally abused her to get the correct acting profile. The final product is something perfectly written, acted, edited, scored, and entertaining. It is not my favorite movie of all time though. Probably my second favorite horror movie after Psycho/Texas Chainsaw Massacre though.
I honestly think that chinese and korean studios are just more talented to be quite honest. There are barely any amazing U.S. directors. Yes, Hollywood makes money, but as for top tier craft of the medium we do action especially bad nowadays. We used to be great, but now the shaky cam and quick cuts action scenes are so cheap and easy to use that they are always used. Hong Kong studios pre-visualize for up to months to get the choreography correct for movies, then take twice as long to shoot. I wouldnt say that budgeting is lower in Hong Kong and that they have to think outside the box. Everything jackie does is super straightforward, its just difficult to pull. He literally will do 100 takes of a 5 second scene. Theres a scene in some fucking movie I can't remember but jackie is throwing and catching a fan. Like he did that one small scene over 100 times. In Hollywood, you get your front shot of an air punch with the name actor, then the impact shot, then the fist going back shot. You don't see hits in hollywood because obviously Scarlett Johanssen cant fight like Blackwidow can. In Hong Kong, jackie does his stunts, he hires people who can fight and do fight choreography. It is just simply more valued in Hong Kong, than in the U.S. So in summary, I think Asian films, primarily from China/Korea have the best fight scenes because they take more time to do them. Theres a great every frame a painting about jackie chan on youtube if you are interested. He explains it much better than I ever could.
Yeah we will see. The biggest strength in the movie was small details and tone. I just like movies with an explosive final act like Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
I consider it fourth when they werent the third seed going to worlds after c9's gauntlet run.
Lol, I mean you have to admit it is frustrating that they end up the fourth best team after every split though?
Depends on the champion. I play rek sai and lee sin mainly right now and its best to attack the big one while doing aoe to the smaller ones. You kind of find your groove though. I don't always just focus one or the other, maybe I hit each small raptor once, then e to kill all at the same time or something.
Also shen is not a normal jungler lol. He's usually top lane
Well correlation studies are all bullshit and cannot be used to prove anything. Correlation is not evidence. You manipulate your sample size and population to get whatever correlation you want. Which is why coffee not only causes cancer but prevents cancer depending on which study you look at. Click bait shit post gets a downvote.
Dude, I think you are my favorite color caster right now alongside Jatt and Kobe. Really great that you are on this game now.
Oh yeah I know he did WoW. I was not too into it because I never got to the point in WoW where I understood everything(highest characters was like 45 or something). I just like listening to him talk about the game. He knows alot, and I like the way he words things. Some casters sound like they are simply going through checklists in their head or whatever. Azael has been a caster for a long time and does not conform to the Riot model so to speak. He's awesome, and it's pretty cool he replied to me since I just watched him this weekend haha.
Yeah not sure how Viktor isnt making me him a god to be honest.
I still am kind of baffled she did not kill the girl in the play. It felt like she went through so much, and then talked with her for 3 minutes and decided not to join the faceless man? That was stupid.
It was fine. However to be that guy, cinematography is moving pictures. So post gifs and videos, not stills, as that is not cinematography. Sure you could be just placing one still of the scene itself, but that just wouldnt make sense either. Also, Game of Thrones has pretty basic cinematography on the whole. Fairly standard. A pretty picture, background, or nice palette does not make good cinematography. Sure color palette is a part of cinematography, but it is the movement and location of the camera to convey information that makes good cinematography. Pretentious me is out.
Wait a second. Are you telling me that rap bars resemble stanza? Mind blown.
Yeah fuck forgivengre. He's done guys. Just fuck off to the military. Overrated shit hole.
Being emotionally immature is pretty much grounds for being a child.
The league of legends Fnatic team last year. Good god.
Honestly, when they say "yes sir" or "yes ma'am" in this modern age. I am taking an EMT certification class and one of the students is 18 and his grew up in a paramedic family. He refers to everyone older than him by sir no matter what. Clean cut hair, polite, timid and respectful. It is obvious that he had a stricter home than most people. Where as, my dad and I have been high together.
Honestly, I even study better when I shower and get dressed for it when I am staying at home. There is something about not wallowing for the day that makes you productive. If I don't get ready and cleaned up, i will just play 8 hours of league or watch youtube.
Look up things you like doing. Poker, boardgames, videogames, hiking. anything. then talk to people out there. The hardest part is starting. Its easy once you there
Unfortunately this is rarely on here because of how much everybody loves this camera. It's the perfect B cam to a gh4 which is the most popular amateur filmmaking camera in the world. eBay has some good 600 dollar Kota with a lot lens and a bunch of accessories. The accessories won't blow you away in quality but seeing as you are getting into it I think a 600 kit wth extra batteries, a tripod, some filters, a strap, and bag would be a great fit for you. It won't how up on here man. It's an amazing budget video camera for new filmmakers.
Yeah I mean, I think the people that say "go out and make new friends" are generally people who know alot of people from parties or like live in a college dorm where simply being in the same spot together is an activity. However, this is not applicable for everyone. For example, my friend moved to Austin, TX(where I live) a year ago for school but is off campus. He wanted to make some friends that he had something in common with so he started going to Super Smash bros. Melee weekly tournaments. He made so many friends and eventually got into dreamhack with his friends. He was able to meet and get along with a bunch of people that he had the same interest in smash that he did.
Yeah, and even if you read the reviews that talk about the third party accessories being bad, just know that you are a beginner and they will suit a learning environment just fine. Also, if you want a really great guide for the G7 check this guy out--http://dslrvideoshooter.com/guides/g7-video-guide/ Yeah I know nobody wants to pay 20 bucks, but this guide is totally worth it. He goes over the actual camera, affordable lens and speedbooster options, and an affordable beginner set including lights and such. I think if you are taking the plunge to be an amateur filmmaker, this guide is super good. Plus this guy is really good, his youtube channel has a bunch of free content and he does this nearly full time along with freelance so it makes sense to pay for his time right? Anyways, take care man. Good luck!
At least that game is crazy fun unlike league lol!
Isn't the worst when you wake up late and have to go out for your day without getting cleaned up? My whole is fucked then.
I will have to try that? Does chegg take water damaged textbooks back?
It happens to the best of us.
Play your favorite champion man! I just got vi on my second account and am having a blast pressing R.
Yeah, my father worked from home for a period of time when I was young. I always noticed a difference between a work day when he was either wearing a suit or suit-casual to work at home, or wearing a bath robe while scratching his nuts at home. He said, he probably won't work from home again.
On the list buddy! I loved the beta. Life is busy right now, and I am gonna wait a little longer.
Yeah, my dad would polish his shoes before work meeting even though he was at home for them and it was simply a conference call. You act like you appear I guess.
Dude, that's how you climb!
Well friend, as someone who suffers from depression and has a long line of men with depression in my family, I feel you completely. I have had "episodes" where I would not get out of bed for a week. Two semesters ago I failed two classes because of attendance and to be honest 2015 was one of the worst years of my life due to personal issues involving family. Unfortunately when you wallow and play videogames it is a form of escape in the same way eating junk food or getting plastered along for no reason is an escape. You don't want to deal with the issues there, so you delay them for that eight hours where you can play a binary game. If you are so depressed where you cannot even do that(I have been), then it is time to look toward baby steps. What do I mean by baby steps? Well take the small victories and make a pact with yourself every morning that you will do one thing. I don't care what it is. For me I would tell myself "you just have to go outside and take a walk, Richard, just a 15 minute walk". So no matter what happened that day, no matter how bad I felt and wanted to be in bed, I took that walk. Yeah maybe a walk doesnt seem like anything special, but it took me three days to do that walk after I made that goal. I came back home and I cried, and took a shower, and then cooked dinner for my girlfriend. I did something. Maybe I didn't feel amazing yet, but I felt less bad. And first hand I saw that completing one goal however small it was made me complete something else I like doing. I love cooking dinner for my girlfriend. I do it several times a week. That wasn't even my original goal. You have to take the small victories man. Also, counseling. I am an advocate of therapists even when nothing is wrong. Life is stressful just by nature, and for depressed people it is ten fold. For me, it was super difficult to talk to friends, family, or my girlfriend about what I was feeling(I don't think even I knew) or what I wasn't feeling. Maybe I didn't want them to worry about me, or see me as weak, or whatever it was. Talking to a counselor is a no-strings attached engagement. What I mean is that this person does not pluck the strings of your life, or puppeteer anything that affects your life or relationships. They listen, and speak to you about your issues. They are not friends, they are servants. Do not take this word negatively, because I do not mean like a house servant. They are there to serve your emotional well being. I think counseling and therapy is one of the most important things ever. By far. It feels amazing to drain some of the pent up feelings(sometimes they make sense after you have let them out). You can cry in front of these people, and say your scary thoughts or doubts to these people. Then you can go back home and focus on those little victories. It takes time man, and I deal with it everyday. You have to be accountable for your own feelings. Good luck. Message me if you need someone to talk to.
Unless it's My Little Pony adult fans. Stay away from those regardless of if you like the show or not. Joking. If you do, then good for you.
It's even worse when you don't even climb.
Sometimes a puff of polo blue sends the elo your way.
Well depending on your major, you might want to look for internships or entry level jobs to get experience in your field. I am going into medicine so ya know shadowing and for me Scribing is a must.
I'm not gonna lie I was not expecting the pot comment at the end. I miss pot.
Going to Overwatch soon. Just want to make sure the games ranked system will be stable.
I laughed. Its been awhile since I have laughed on this sub.
Dude I literally had a skype interview two days and my pants were in the wash so I wore boxers and was nervous about it cause like a guy needs his pants. So I squirted some burberry and just nailed the interview. And wow that kind of sounded gay.
That is in every version. I have 4 versions of the Dark Knight and the shot from behind the joker is in all of them with the loud score when he does it.
Oh I know all about the elitism over in r/books. I am totally fine with people not enjoying or enjoying whatever they want, but book elitists are among the worst. Narrative is medium where "well written" does not apply. Sure the actual storytelling and arc are not very effective because there is no tension. We know Wade is going to succeed and it kind of kills any kind of low point that a protagonist usually has in an arc. So yes, it is not amazing, however I think it's pros outweigh the cons for the overall book. It's cons are story and character arc being void of tension and predictability. It's pros are by far related to imagery. The mental pictures and world that is described is really good. I really loved listening to the descriptions of the worlds, and the characters and all that. I liked the nostalgia as well which alot of redditors who I see bitch about the book do not seem to understand. You sound like you do, however. It is like listening to old music or watching an older movie. While many people might not think RoboCop is a masterpiece, it was fucking kick ass when it came out. Anyways, opinions are opinions. I think this book was a solid 6/10, far better than many other books and was most importantly, entertaining. It is visual forward rather than character or story forward, which lends well to film. Also, why would John Williams, a composer and pianist fix the flaws in the book? I really enjoy different opinions, but you kind of killed your credibility when you said that "John Williams is a great and I'm hoping he can fix the flaws that exist in the book". John Williams will not be writing any screenplay material. He will be scoring the movie. What the fuck, dude.
Well my friend, book elitists are some of the most annoying people. If it isn't "a classic" then it is terrible. Armchair philosophers claiming they know everything and tell everyone else how something is bad. Also, a guy commented to me and said "John Williams is a great and I'm hoping he can fix the flaws that exist in the book". He thinks John Williams is a screenwriter or something. So yeah, I would not listen to any of these clowns. A book doesn't have to be a 10/10 to be enjoyable or entertaining. Ready Player One was a lot of fun, and these armchair douchebags should lighten up and put down their sipping whiskey.
God you're a loser.
Yeah, I actually listened to it on audiobook which was nice. I had an audiobook obsession for a year and just listened to a bunch of books. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nighttime was probably my favorite book I listened to. Short, sweet, and weird.
Do you have a point? Some hobbyist don't try to be snobbish like book readers. Have you ever been to a book club lol? Cause I have!
Alcoholic: Vodka Rebull/Tonic Non-Alcoholic: Maine Root anything.
Maybe RoboCop was a bad example. I am just saying that that Ready Player One aims to be entertaining, full of references, and nostalgic. I think it did that for me. It's not the greatest thing of all time, but it is just getting annoying seeing the circle-jerk of how this book sucks. Like it came out, and everybody loved it, then out of nowhere everyone on /r/books started saying it sucks and now everyone just says the same reasons that everyone else does. Like your comments are cookie-cutter copies of other reddit comments I have seen about Ready Player One. Outside of reddit, the majority enjoyed the book.
I just don't see why people who didnt like the book have to go comment on the thread about the movie. Like if you don't like it, why come to rain on everyones parade?
This is such a circle jerk idea. Not every boss is like that.
Yes, because it is discussing the movie for the book. Why would people who did not like the book, want to see the movie? That makes no sense. They come in here and try to feel superior by saying the book sucks. Like its a thread about the composer of the score. Why should people who dont like the book and story even show up here.
It's bullshit because data does not get more expensive for them. They throttle your speeds at certain times when you don't use it, but bitch I use the Internet all the time so it just ends up being throttled. I asked time Warner about this and he told me that there was probably high volume in the area. I ten said, "dude it's fucking 4am on a Tuesday", he went blank and told me that there could be issues with my service that night and that technicians are working it. What the fuck. I have to options of Internet. Att doesn't offer their high speed in my area. Time Warner does so I had to go with them. I just want google fiber. Taking forever to spread in Austin
Well I was put on academic probation last semester and then this past semester I was doing very well. I was going to get off probation and raise my gpa. I do well on the first two tests of every class. Got a 31 on a chemistry test. Could not recover, dropped. It's fine now I'm jut focused on getting my gpa up so I don't get dismissed. Of course I put all my time into studying for one class because I feel confident in another. Do bad on both tests. Think I got kicked out. Find out my teachers passed me and that I might be okay. Didn't fail anything but gpa did not cumulatively go up to the points I needed since the first semester I did so poor. So now I'm fucking around in emt school that I signed up with the intention to get experience for another graduate school. Now I'm afraid that my dreams of being a PA are gone because of a mix of terrible decisions and the worst of luck. My whole life I've been able to turn bad into good, but now for the first time, I don't think it's fixable. Haven't told my dad I got dismissed. He's sinking money into my undergrad and eventual grad and I worked so hard an got 4.0 for 5 semesters. Then transferred to a big university and got kicked out in two semesters.
Honestly after seeing Steve jobs by Danny Boyle and knowing how versatile Boyle is, I'd want him to direct it. Have a similar style where you have a beginning middle and last act each around 45 minutes where you get to see the Beatles in different times.
The suspension of belief to enjoy this movie is at coma level. This movie was trash through an through. I actually laughed at several parts.
If you want an actual good movie about faith and religion , watch(and read) Life of Pi.
Except people aren't mad that aliens show up, they are mad because o the forced Hollywood action scene. The movie should have ended with her taking the mask off realizing there were no aliens or plague or anything, ten climbing on the bus and seeing the ships. Then it ends. I'm editing the ending whenever I buy and showing it to as many people as I can.
SPOILERS The movie Jussie not have a huge payoff. I was expecting something insane but he payoff was about 10 minutes where the crow pecks the moms tit and the ram kills the dad. The strongest parts of the movie are tone, setting, and acting. It was a 7/10 for me. It could have been an 8 if they gave us a gruesome or at least scary payoff. Compare this to the evil dead remake which had one of the biggest payoffs in recent memory. I liked the witch a lot though.
I think he will at this point man.
Yeah you should. It bothers me but I still enjoy it. It looks amazing and has great acting and soundtrack. I just get annoyed when characters and story elements are flushed out in favor of stylized walking, shooting, smoking, drinking, etc. Shelby, who is the Cillian smokes a cigarette in like every scene and tries to look cool lol.
I just don't understand why people are calling him Em? He's fucking Eminem. Its one word, just type it out you fucking losers. Also, Eminem has not been the best since his first 2-3 records. Infinite, Slim Shady LP, and Marshall Mathers LP. The best rapper in the game right now that is also famous is Kendrick Lamar. He does everything well, and adds new elements/throwback elements from other genres like jazz, soul, and rock into his music. Plus his batting average is insane if you listen to all of his projects. Not a bad song on any record.
Well I absolutely hate going to the modern movie theater. It's full of people who are there to pass time. Whether it be teenagers or dates, they like movies but it's just a thing to do so they go. I go to the Alamo Drafthouse Cinemas. Everybody there loves movies, they recommend seeing good movies instead of shit ones on their Drafthouse recommends feature. I think last time I went it was for the lobster. They play old movies as do other events like quote alongs. They have dine, beer, and booze and the best alcoholic milkshakes ever. I have like 4 locations in Austin, tx where I live and every experience has been incredible. I visited back home and saw a movie with my dad in a normal theater and just hated it. It's dirty, fucking kids everywhere. Every employee is in high school. God it sucks. Waters are 5 bucks. At Alamo water is free and food is comparable to low end restaurants. Like 10-15 dollars a meal for good food. Their concessions are cheaper than normal theaters. Their bottomless popcorn is cooked different and made to order so the popcorn is fresh and seasoned and has real butter on it. I just want to be taken care of at a movie theater. Like give me an experience not just a big screen. Movies are one of my favorite things in the world. I want to enjoy it and it feels great when a company wants you to as well instead of going you a cheap experience. The theaters also aren't crowded or cramped at Alamo. Like you don't feel like a ducking cattle being factory farmed for money. Alamo gives you an experience you want to pay for. I won't give my money to any other theater unless I have to. My experiences at Alamo are just amazing. Monty Python quote along, Quentin Tarantino marathons, 70mm Hateful Eight with intermission at their 2 theater old style venue in downtown Austin with a balcony. In a few weeks they have jaws playing out on the lake and they are bringing the projector and screen out. Your ticket buys a tube, a t shirt and poster and you get to watch jaws in the fucking lake at 10pm. I mean what the fuck? That's amazing. Great company.
Life is beautiful an absolute masterpiece compared to this movie. Yeah it's decent maybe 7-8/10, but life is beautiful makes you cry. I guess because the whole first half of the movie develops guido so you just love him then the second half happens.
this was not funny
Meteos is the most fun jungler to watch as well.
Oh my god it's been three weeks. Fuck off.
Eat Butter Pecan Ice Cream. It's amazing. Also Pralines n' Cream. My friends and gf all think im like 40. I'm like, "nah, but I don't want cookies and cream or cookie dough everytime"
No. Jake should stay away from shitty super hero movies especially because he's such a great actor. I'd rather him just keep doing Dennis villeneuve movies.
Super hero movies. Do you not all realize that you are being treated as sheep! Thy know you will go see these business blockbuster movies and keep making them. Support creative, unique cinema not this garbage. There have been less than five good super hero movies in history. The last good one was the dark knight.
And I think it's great. Like a newer tf2. Ere hasn't been a great class shooter since tf2 and in my opinion it's just as fun. No spy though which sucks.
I don't like anime also. I've only enjoyed dragon ball z, death note, and full metal alchemist. Full metal alchemist is the only anime I'd recommend to anyone.
It's less sad and more frustrating to have a characters arc suddenly end. The show structure jumps from character to character in different locations. So when a character dies and their arc ends the other arcs are affected, but now thy have less interesting characters having more screen time.
I got fucked up on ibuprofen the other day. Shot was lit.
Ahh okay, reminds me of a friend of a friend I knew he used to smoke green tea.
What would be a good replacement fan?
Yeah, just like any person, Kanye has admirable and undesirable qualities. His self-awareness has always been one of his strongest qualities as an artist and a person. He understands his actions and can look back on his life and understand the motivation he was having or why he acted a certain way. Many people cannot do this, or perhaps do not want to do this. Whether Kanye was on top of the world with Graduation, he was self-aware and self-critical about what money does a person and does to him. On 808's he looks over a failed relationship and not only understands the fault of the other person(heartless talks about how she played with his emotions because he was vulnerable), but also how he stayed in the relationship because a false sense of hope or dreams that he had about the relationship - his dreams of a better future with her became a nightmare (Bad News into See You In My Nightmare). Regardless of your views on Kanye West, which are very well argued, he is incredibly self-aware of himself and also aware of others. This quality allowed him to make some of the best records in hip-hop in the past. However, I think Kanye lost touch and his ego got to him a little bit. Yeezus seemed a step in the wrong direction. Life of Pablo is not great, but he is coming back to ideas and styles that I think will make him better in the future.
I'd argue Party Up is as well.
Listen to "Ive Seen Footage", that song and the album, The Money Store, that it is on is the best gateway to Death Grips.
Yeah, true. Death Grips has more noiserock/industrial feel to it.
It's like every 2-3 games I get 200+ ping then next game it's fine. Weird
First pick usually. For patches where there are ops, red has to ban them, freeing up other picks that can be first picked. It's a lot more even now though since counterpickin got mid or top is pretty popular.
Then fuck off
What a ridiculous thing to say. Directing is hard work. Not to mention you take full responsibility for the whole production. I honestly can't believe someone just said he wouldn't have much to do. What.
Seriously man. Like how is this goon o be even close to as good if you don't have those guys? Like they should have just waited for villeneuve to be done wth blade runner.
He's hot fire on everything he does.
Sequels just don't need to be made. They are pushed because you start with an audience that saw the first one and can build off it. Starting new ips is starting from scratch marketing wise. There are good sequels that seem to be natural in things like lord of the rings or the original Star Wars. However, Sicario dos not cliff hang, and it ended with arcs completed. The themes in the movie were well expressed. This movie did not need a sequel. It is a cheap grab. You think that if it needed a sequel or I it was any good, Dennis would be there ya know? I will look out for it. However the point d my comment is that I'd rather see new things than countless sequels. Did we need a Jack Reacher 2?
Watch Beasts of No Nation. And maybe Luther the show.
Ehh it's just familiar at this point. If you watch a scene without his music you will probably notice it more.
Yes!!!!!! I actually really love fistful as well.
Well he uses real things too, but his floating, omniscient camera style requires some cgi use. Like in Panic Room where the camera is flying through walls and such. 85% of scenes there is an element of it, but I'd say it's a far lower percentage of the screen time.
Too bad the actual movie has so many flaws that kept me from enjoying it. There is a great movie underneath.
Well, I guess inn a be that guy, but I still think Avatar ha the best cgi in any movie. Yes, sure pretty much every director uses supplemental computer effects that are invisible. But avatar, regardless of its unoriginal characters an story is the best. Mainly because of the animation. Most cgi I am seeing mentioned here is background, still, or a single effect. Everything in Avatar was meticulously animated. Every leaf when a helicopters drops down, animals, what're else. That's the main thing that makes cgi believable, is the movement. Humans can tell when a humanoid is not walking right or when physics seem off. In nearly all cg I notice it except in like a Pixar movie where the physics are different and uniform so you don't notice an outlier. Avatar is flawless in its movement that for me it's literally impossible for me tell that it's cgi other than the fact that the movie is fantasy. The Navi look Like humans. They have facial inconsistencies and points of movement that humans have. I really liked Avatar. Was surprised to see all the Dancing With Wolves circle jerk after people saw it considering Dances with Wolves is not original either. But yeah Avatar
Very thoughtful analysis. I personally just do not find the music appealing as I did with the albums before. I don't think they are bad by any means, I like 808's because it's his low point it feels, and then he rebounds. I also don't find Pablo as good because a person I went to highschool with and knew is on Fade or whatever the track is called. I still cannot believe fucking Austin Post got famous and is doing music with Kanye. So I guess I am salty.
I would agree with you if it wasn't Deakins. Most directors hand off storyboards to Deakins and he does the whole show.
I would agree.
I agree with your last point. Directors are as involved as they want to be, and it shows in their work. Which is why the hardest working directors of all time, tend to have the best movies. This is also assuming that nothing goes wrong on set, which most of the time in big movies, the machine is very well oiled and problems can be fixed easily, however a director is responsible for everyone on set along with the producer, which in itself is a daunting task. Imagine managing over a thousand people for a large project. This is a reason why many directors call back staff from previous projects that were successful. I mean I am pretty sure that David Fincher has used Cronenweth on like almost all of his movies, along with same casting directors and even actors. At the lower levels of filmmaking, you are often taking chances with hiring people, and hoping everything meshes. It's a mix of management and creative. Every directors dream is to only have to do the creative, so hiring good staff that you don't have to manage is key.
I guess I am just risk averse and would rather have the same duo do the sequels.
You are asking the wrong person. I watched it in theaters and was unimpressed so I have not watched it since. I wish movies like Waltz with Bashir made it into my cinemas.
he deleted lol......
Alot of words, no points. I thought Sicario had a great screenplay and script, as did alot of other people given its high critic rating(not like it means much). I just don't like an IP using the Sicario name if its not a sequel, or if its a bad sequel
Basically doing well, whether it is objectives, eliminations, healing, damage taken, etc. Hit tab and your icon should be flaming or pulsing.
You are trolling aren't you? He's one f the most self aware rappers out there. I agree he's not lyrically amazing, but the whole package is pretty great. I was not fond of his last two albums though.
Without points? He provided facts. God you are stupid. It's okay to have opinions but denying facts is just wrong.
There are videos online of plastic guns shooting a couple dozen rounds. Sure the accuracy is shit and it can maybe shoot only a few dozen rounds before it breaks, but the plastic was durable enough to set of a bullet.
I would use the words in the realm of 'fantastic' 'superb' 'flawless'. Then for marvel movies I would use 'entertaining' 'good' 'decent' and maybe even 'great'. Imagine a line with positive description words going from something like 'average' to 'impeccable'. You cannot use 'fantastic' when describing something that is not at the end of the line, because now you have bottlenecked anything that is better than it to use words that do not do it justice. I took a linguistics class once, so I had to put out this comment. Forgive me.
Well for Lucio and Mercy, if you are healing, then you are doing well. It is harder to get eliminations and survive than heal and survive.
Dude, if anyone is gonna show up svenskeren it's Meteos. So fucking excited.
Spread your ass
Wen aye meat Mai makur, I'll ansur fur evry shot aye took
I'm hoping he keeps hitting gold with his unnerving twists. Prisoners had one, Enemy is a mindfuck, and then Sicario has mindfuck. Excited for anything Dennis does.
Movie looks awful. Don't vote for shitty sequels that don't need to be made with your wallet. Bomb this movie so they stop.
Or Hong Kong Jackie movies like police story
It's going to be generic. My watchlist is too long. I don't see need to see this.
Yeah I am from California, and that place is god damn awful unless you have deep pockets. Texas is super great except for some of the conservative/religious values. But at least those people are still really nice, which you can't say about radical liberals in California.
Do not get me wrong, I love bad movies - but they have to be self-aware or just plain terrible. Like the Neil Breen movies, or The Room, or Thankskilling, and my personal favorite The Incredible Bulk. However, I will gain nothing from watching this new Bourne aside from marginal entertainment. It is going to make me sound pompous or something, but I just do not like watching average action movies or average comedies when I could be watching any of the thousands of other great movies in those genres. Every now and then I see one, like I saw The Night Before with Seth Rogan and the hipster guy Levitt, and it was pretty average, but I enjoyed Shannon as Mr. Green. Won't ever watch it again, and I probably should not have watched it to begin with, but whatever. I usually watch movies based on who is working on them, rather than reviews so before people try to tell me that reviews arent always indicative of good movies, there ya go. Bottom line is that this Bourne movie is a cash grab. It will have an average story with the same Jason Bourne who talks little but says action phrases. The budget and time will go into the action that is literally just bad choreographers that cover up their lack of fighting with shot/reverse or cutting on impact. I know its fake, and theres no effort to make it look real, just raise the foley levels of the punches and in the loud theater, audiences don't care. It's fake, and when action is your main push for a movie, the action has to be good, and the only action good in Bourne movies is the chase/freerunning scenes. That is why I prefer the action movies from Honk Kong and South Korea because the fighting is much more enjoyable and it is real.
U.S. fighting scenes are boring due to poor choreography, and terrible editing often relying on shot/reverse or cutting to hide the impact often showing a punch moving forward, then cutting to the fist going backward with the impact magically lost in the editing since the actors are not actually fighting.
Social and environmental issue. Eating meat has caused more heart disease and diabetes than has ever existed and is also killing our planet. For the environmental part, watch Cowspiracy on Netflix as a starting point.
Well it's technically my dads but my great grandmother started a stamp collection and people in my family have added to it for awhile. My great grandmother was alive during world war 2 living in Germany an working in an explosives factory where she had to arm explosives on an assembly line. Explosives an ammunition and such. Anyways she collected stamps from the third reich period. Some have hitlers face on them or nazi symbol. Then she was alive when the Berlin Wall was up an. Collected stamps from east Germany as well as west Germany. East German stamps were sometimes Russian in fact due to the influence. Now that I think about it, it might be a cool thing to post on Reddit. Will look the collection when I travel back home.
Here's what I was looking for. Demon days mixes rock alternative rap electronic all together and it never gets boring.
Seen Rush 3 times. Awesome guys
Good post however you should credit red letter media and their krampus review which talks about this.
Still wondering if I should do this.
Watch this movie every year. Schindler's List,Life is Beautiful, and The Pianist are the best holocaust movies ever made.
This was actually my pick. I enjoyed the movie but it was so straightforward and predictable that I could not watch it again.
Name five movies in the past 3 years that were as good as the amazing horror movies before. There is no Hitchcock. There is no halloween. No Texas chainsaw or nightmare on elm. Hell its been ten years since rec about. Blaire witch has been awhile. Ringu has been awhile. Horror is bad genre right now and only a few thrillers with horror elements catch my eye. The Invitation was the last really good scary movie I saw. The hype over the conjuring, sinister, paranormal activity, babadook, it follows, the witch is ridiculous when you compare it to old horror. The conjuring is a bad exorcist. It follows is kind of unique but cannot keep it's tension and has some laughable scenes. Babadook was just a good movie but not scary and the child actor ruined it. Paranormal activity one was awesome because of low budget and simplicity. Sort of like Blaire witch. Not anymore. The witch was cool because of the period but the story bottomed put and had nowhere to go later on. The payoff was also minimal. I understand slow burn, I really do because that's what Hitchcock does. However Hitchcock slow burns into a payoff. The witch tried to and then slowed down too quick. I thought it was a great movie for the directors debut. I think he has talent. However I'd like to see a huge payoff. There's a reason The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is my favorite horror movie. It slow burns for a little then pays off, then slow burns a little faster then pays off bigger, then slow burns a little faster then blows your mind. Anyway rant done. People go watch old horror.
Watch the yms. Snyder is awful unless he's pulling from source material with writing and story boards already done. Hence why 300 and watcmen are his best movies. 300 is actually line by line and shot by shot with some stuff added. Suckerpunch, man of steel, and batman vs superman are garbage.
Terminator, Terminator 2 And recently Primer then Upstream Color I love Shane carruth
Don't talk about it.
This movies is actually good though
Thankskilling. Its awful but I've seen it 6 times I think and I love it. Its a slasher movie with a fucking Turkey. Terrible
Under horror let's add The Exorcist Nightmare on Elm Street Friday the 13th Halloween Psycho(phenomenal) REC The Descent Blaire Witch Project Ringu American Werewolf in London And the my favorite horror movie of all time... The Texas chainsaw Massacre (original) My favorite movies of all time are Fight Club and Trainspotting Slumdog Millionaire Seven Samurai American Werewolf in London The Shining Airplane!
He does it better than so !any other wisecrackers and is just perfect in some roles. I particularly like him in Moonrise Kingdom
Watch Winters Bone. She's good but she's kind of in a weird ego state right now I think.
Lol wut
Have you seen Magnolia? That is a perfect example of a role where you do not see Tom Cruise.
Do it again please! God does not forgive Only God Forgives. Hopefully Neon Demon is good.
The Invitation and The Nice Guys. Not gonna put stuff like The Witch or Jungle Book on this shit. Good movies people!
How are you not upvoted and babadook is? Is this even r\movies
No. Its just that real movie buffs or people that are genuinely into movies as an art form and not just entertainment so not like superhero movies. Or at least these newer ones. I'd say raimis first two spidermans, batman 1989, and dark knight are the best superhero movies and its because they were good movies first and happened to have superheroes in them. The avengers and ant man and the garbage superman movies are trying to be good superhero movies and not good movies. I could do a scene by scene review of all of these modern movies and point out how lazy they actually are. The focus is on entertaining an audience that wants to shut off for a few hours on a Friday night. That is the truth and any person knowledgeable in film or has at least an admiration of film as an art medium will not like these superhero movies. Of course maybe I am wrong. Opinions are opinions and if people do like superhero movies that is fine. I watch what I want to watch and everybody else can do what they want.
I agree, I just think it's easier to achieve change if you focus your scope and efforts into a single issue at a time. I think reverse-racism is inevitable when there is racism. As you lessen racism and discrimination and promote coexistence through education, results will come.
Yeah, I was being dramatic.
Sometimes is key here. Overall the footprint is drastically lower for a non meat eating society for the scale our world is. Meat eating was sustainable when there were less than a million people on earth. With the crazy growth of the Chinese middle class, and increased demand for cattle in the east, we are going to see huge issues in the next 50 years. This does not even include the affect of our fisheries industries which are creating 1000's of dead zones every year. It is an issue bigger than "sometimes".
How do you know who he really is? He played a character. It is ridiculous to think otherwise.
It sounds blatantly like what Jay from RedLetter said. I will give him the benefit of the doubt.
If you think that The Babadook is better than Hitchcocks Psycho, you are a fucking retard.
My friend next to me was physically cringing and whimpering at certain violence scenes, the hand cut in particular. I am pre-PA and have seen a bunch of trauma and death as part of the job so I sickly like it. Also, rest in peace Anton Yelchin.
In the watchlist thanks!
This movie is incredible
UK office much more so. My favorite awkward comedy though is curb your enthusiasm.
Yeah, I agree. All racism is wrong. However, reverse racism cannot happen without the initial racism. It is more effective to end the initial racism than to combat reverse racism.
Alright, man. Like I am agreeing with you. I don't know why you keep arguing with me. The way to stop all racism is educate newer generations. Reverse racism does not come first, initial racism does. So you start by educating and preventing the initial racism. It is far too difficult to change current generations because they are set in their ways.
Okay, I understand. However, you cannot just say "focus on all forms of racism". You have to systematically approach the situation. Simply saying it does not make it happen. The only way to 100% eliminate racism is to stop it from happening in the first place with education. Young educated children who then become educated, empathetic adults who then have children that they educate. The racism between blacks and whites in America stems from a cultural, cyclical oppression. We cannot deny that our white historical figures oppressed african americans. So because of this, African Americans have grown up over generations learning that "the white man" did this to them, also coupled with the fact that blacks generally are in lower socioeconomic status and have less access to education than others. These blacks are told by their parents when they are young that the whites are out to get them, then they get in trouble with the law and leave education systems, then they have children and tell them the same thing. It is a cycle. You stop it, by keeping the kids in education and hoping that some are mobile enough to leave their poverty status and attend universities with a variety of people from different backgrounds. I think it is easier for whites to look at themselves and try to stop their own racism. We have the resources. Statistically, more whites stay in education systems and attend universities. When blacks move to those same universities and become friends with whites who are not racist, the black student is more likely to dispel their reverse racism, or any kind of cultural negatives of white people. The class that starts at the bottom and has to mobilize or climb up into the next class has it harder. Whites should lead by example and portray positive attitudes about all races. I am not saying that any racism is tolerated. You just have to understand that when black children are told that whites are dangerous by their parents when they are 5 years old, not to mention, many lack father figures who can discipline them and keep them out of trouble with the law and keep them in school, they are doomed from the start. Their foundation is uneven, which makes it hard to simply "focus on all forms of racism at the same time". Anything you build on top of their poor foundation comes crumbling down. There is not a bias against one side - there just isn't. You have to logically figure out how to fight the issue. How can you combat reverse racism? By educating black children? What, do you want some teacher to go into an all black school and tell the children that their mothers are wrong? That "yeah some white people are racist, but you are being racist for saying they all are". It is cultural! That approach will not stick, especially because we cannot even keep blacks in school let alone out of prison. You cannot understand this issue without reading the history of black oppression. I honestly wish your approach was that easy, because then there would be no racism. Unfortunately, human beings do not change opinions that they have had for generations because you tell them to.
Yeah, sometimes it's more powerful to catch a reaction rather than the person saying the thing that made the person react.
Yes you are.
A psychologist is not specialized in the physical body like a family doctor is. Sure she could be encouraged to "do what makes her happy, and her weight problem obviously makes her unhappy". However, the family provider checks your BMI, lipid panel, LDL, HDL, etc. and actually provides you with the evidence that being obese is or overweight is not healthy and chronic obesity leads to problems such as diabetes, and even fucking MI's later on. Even if a psychologist - who is not a medical doctor by the way - told her that she was healthy because she was happy, it would be absurd to follow the psychologists medical advice and not the family provider!
Doctors are patient advocates. Why would a doctor try to trick you by telling you that being overweight is unhealthy if it isnt? Like it is more believable that the doctor is educated and has your health in mind rather than some conspiracy.
The issue is that nowadays the people making horror movies are not good directors in general. Alfred Hitchcock was an incredible director who could have probably done any genre, but chose horror. Jump scares are an element of horror, but not the only thing in the movie. Modern horror popcorn flicks want people to enjoy the theater experience, so jump scares take precedence over the core necessities of any movie including story, structure, character, finer details, ect. They all follow the same formula which is exposition in which something that "doesn't feel right" happens or is happening like a family moving into a new house and the dog doesn't want to go in, or a locked basement door, or a shot held on a character we havent introduced yet. And then that is the extent of the story, character, structure, all those things I said. Now, the scares happen, but the issue is that we only jump because in a theater the sound is so loud and the screen is big in a dark room. Your body actually flinches, not because of the horror, but because of the sudden-ness. We do not care about the characters because the exposition felt like something on a checklist. So you have have flat characters in peril or conflict and there is no tension. Why do I care if main character A lives? He was developed for a few minutes and we don't even know who he is or who she is. Or any of them. The reason that movies like The Exorcist, or even further back, Psycho are so scary is because the characters are developed and placed in a structured story that our brain can logically work through. We are not robots, yet hollywood writers think that. The main girl in Psycho fucking dies early on, yet we understood her in a way and it was terrifying to watch her get killed. Then the PI, and her sister and husband are all developed as well. The scenes inbetween modern jump scares are literally there just so the scares are not one right after the other. Often involves the main character doing something basic like folding clothes or taking a child to school or whatever. Like fucking develop the characters - make them do something that gives us information about them. Even though 10 Cloverfield Lane is not strictly horror, I think it employs many elements that are necessary in horror. The Michelle, Emmett, and Howard are all following an arc. There is character payoff, which makes us like these characters. A specific example is when Emmett is telling Michelle about how he got into the state University and was going to leave the town. He bought his bus ticket, then ended up not leaving and he has regretted it since. Spoilers. Then after Emmett is killed, Michelle finds his bus ticket on his person/wallet. The payoff is tangible. You feel sorrow and maybe hatred for the killing of Emmett not only because he did not accomplish that thing, but also because Michelles new friendship came to an end in tragedy. This whole effect, creates a scare - towards Howard. You did not need a jump scare to do that. You just needed a set up and pay off that was organic to the characters such as a young guy getting into University and not leaving his small town, then finding the ticket in his wallet showing that he kept that regret on him literally.
What effect has the fisheries Industries of the world affected the Ocean? I understand that due to fishing practices where all organisms on picked up even if they are not eaten is resulting in many dead zones in the ocean. Some scientists are projecting fish-less oceans by 2050 or 2060. What are your thoughts on the fish industry and would you recommend people to go Vegetarian to lower the demand for fish to preserve our oceans?
He's literally the gravedigger from hamlet
I think their sandwiches are good personally. And I have had amazing sandwiches from all sorts of Delis from New York to Texas where I live now. I think Which wich and Jersey Mikes are actually really good. Jersey mikes in particular actually has deli grade ingredients and even cuts the meat and cooks it (if you get steak or whatever) right there. Like yeah I have not had Dibella's. However it just seems silly to think that there is only one good sandwich chain in the world, then the next step in quality is "bad". Do you see how that does not make sense? So either you are incredibly picky, don't understand that ingredients make the food, or are just a sandwich elitist. Either of those are fine to be honest. I will continue eating which wich vegetarian subs of the month thank you.
I am not a huge fan either. But I know alot of people who like it, and their ingredients are better than subway.
Yeah and subways are located like 1-2 miles away from eachother in cities. Crazy how popular they got.
Mikes and Which wich are my go to. Mikes by far has the best ingredients. Their menu is just small and have limited vegetarian options for me.
Okay, well then go to either of them. I think Mike's is better personally.
I live in Texas and have never seen one. I will look out for one.
To be honest I think you should skip witcher 1, but play witcher 2 first. Like its fricking awesome and not really dated. Then move on to witcher 3
Well, they have really good advertising and do alot of it. Not to mention they have found a way to promote the idea that eating sandwiches is healthy and cheap. Pretty great business actually. Just a terrible product when you actually compare it to other things.
It is obvious though. Entire nations are just arrogant and think that what they print and spend will get repaid.
Well bellatrix was French. But yeah my sure if it's a real French name
Literally be a server. Lots of money and flexible hours.
Yeah, I mean he is pulled from the Sleepy Hollow story originally just like all the other characters come from fairytales. But yeah that game is awesome. Definitely my favorite tell tale game. Although I have yet to play Jurassic Park, Back to the Future, or Game of Thrones
Pretty cool!
Or orianna, karma, zilean, fizz and a few others. Its not every game. Last season yes it was Viktor vs azir every match. You fix this by updating champions so they are as complicated and nuanced as azir.
This is why I only go to Alamo draft house.
Its literally dude where's my car though
Dude I'm not gonna lie but your talk like a pretentious friend I had. Just talk normally. We are all hanging out. Not defending a thesis.
This is much more personal to me so I'm not sure if people can relate. The last time I saw my schizophrenic mother, she visited me in Dallas where I was living. We were driving from the hospital I work at back to a restaurant. She was already getting a little manic because I refused to let her into the hospital to meet my coworkers and superiors for obvious reasons. When we were about 6-7 minutes away from the restaurant she starts saying she has to go to the restroom. I ask her if she can wait five minutes until we get to the restaurant or if it's an emergency. She says she can wait. 3 minutes later I hear her mouthing or something and ask her if she's okay. She looks over at me with a death stare and yells at the top of her lungs "I NEED TO USE THE RESTROOM YOU PIECE OF SHIT SON". I am confused because I thought it was all fine. She keeps yelling at me. Like top of lungs yelling for 25 seconds and I'm driving on the freeway scared by I'm going to crash because I'm looking at her then the road then her cause I think she's going to hit me. I pull off the freeway into a McDonald's and she he's out and uses the restroom. Then she comes back and says in a happy voice "are you going to get deep dish at bj's". I ate lunch then drove her to the airport 12 hours early and told her we are not talking again until she gets diagnosed and treated. I've been getting 3-4 voicemails maybe more a week from her. I had to completely abandon an email I used. So I guess I got the hell out of having a relationship with my mother. I tried for many years and it just ate me away man.
For real, frosted or academy ezreal have the smoothest play in my opinion. Or base skin, but ya know.
That man of steel poster makes me want to watch the movie even though I fucking hated it.
I am hearing that from Neon Demon reviews as well. I will still watch it, but if that ends up being true, then I will be disappointed that Refn cannot write story and characters to save his life.
Oh man, yeah that poster is great. I love the movie too. Sucks that people were dissapointed in the theater because it wasn't some action thriller. It is more historical and theoretical. Makes me think that the same team could make a Helter Skelter movie to be honest.
They are cool, but I prefer more minimalist posters. These just look over the top. I would rather get a tease than a full on shot of havok.
Beautiful
Well that is good. All of his movies look really good though. It is about how he writes the story ya know? Like I don't know if you have seen the movie Enter the Void, but it's an experimental movie that is all visual, but the story and characters are just kinda there. I am excited to watch it though.
Play league of legends. Been playing for years and not very good but I know a lot about the game. Been watching pro scene since season 1, playing since season 2. Every now and then I pop off and have like 10 streak wins with hard champs and just do godly stuff. But mostly I am inconsistent and barely win more than I lose. Maybe 55% win rate at most. But I still love the game. Even when other games come out I play it. I'm playing vainglory right now recently and its surprisingly good.
Lol at all the fenix lovers. Its been a couple good weeks. This happens every damn season. Wait til final results to start bragging about team liquid
Because that stereotype doesn't exist. Men and women like drama. Just surrounding different things. I for one enjoy the off season shuffle players drama. However I don't give a fuck about two washed up pro players that stream. Like I get it, watching streams can be fun but watching some guy play chess? Watching a guy get smacked on plat 5 account? What. And then there's drama between these two people. Who the fuck cares. Fucking kids
Yeah it's definitely shaco or rengar for OTP. Both of those champions are so snowbally, and the one tricks just know how to get a lead every game, that it does not even matter what your team does. Like if a shaco cheeses the other jungler and gets a kill, the game is over. Same with rengar unless adc gets zonyas.
For real, trashuos push wave super hard at levels 1-3 against me playing reksai or lee sin? Dude you are dead, we are blowing flashes to kill you bro. Especially if you don't have tp.
Try karma, since she is overpowered right now and works similarly to in my opinion to ori except for the wombo combo.
I mean it's just heat right? Convection and conduction heating to expand the gasses in the kernel? The machine shouldn't matter.
Hype culture. It makes me angry when people use the words "amazing" " phenomenal" "incredible" for everything from a cookie to winning the lottery. Like seriously guys use words that represent the thing or situation. A cookie is not phenomenal. Say it was a tasty cookie. Winning the lottery would be phenomenal or unbelievable.
Having the biggest attraction to my dads girlfriend at like 15, 16. Like in my mind at the time I would have taken her over any celebrity. My orgasms were so hard. And the. I got older and it grosses me out to think about that. Also my girlfriend is hot so I guess I didn't need to think about that random girlfriend of my dads
Dude I wouldn't even care about same sex bathrooms. Like both genders piss and shit.
Well it depends. If out f the many hobbies I pursue, I find an absolute passion, then yeah I would sell my work. For example, my absolute dream job, like the end all job for me is to be a Film Director. I am not pursuing it as a primary career. I am going into medicine. I love medicine, like its amazing and is a fantastic career. So I plan to be an ER PA and work three 12 hour shifts then be off the next four. In those four days I will be writing scripts, screenplays, and producing and directing movies. I want to have a stable job with income to fund these projects so can hire crews. It's an expensive hobby. If I get recognition and people want to hire me for bigger things, I would leave medicine.
I didn't even think about how the game might be different on consoles. Weird. Its actually super balanced on PC. There's a few things that irk me like the strength of the soldiers gun, bastions damage to Reinhardt shield, and widow makers charged shot on tanks. But its super minor stuff. I've seen people play every champ successfully.
PIVVAUGHTT
Except for having a complete government and trade. Saying such is stupid here. Literally make it simple and don't use 'such' unless it makes sense.
Yes but it sounds stupid to say and and and. You use commas then the last noun gets an and before.
Have not yet. I am currently doing training for work every day and an EMT certification. Trying to find times.
Yeah let's hope. I am a huge structure and character guy.
Yeah I think the best route to take is starting with demons souls, but if you don't have a ps3 then its not worth probably. So start with dark souls.
They do good things when they know nobody is watching their actions. It's really easy to do the right thing with all eyes watching because its the "correct" thing to do. However, when you hear about someone doing a good deed and they did not mention it or were not told or observed or anything, that is how you know a person has character.
Mods on r/me_irl are terrible. And surprisingly when I went on r/stare arms and saw a post about how good the cinematography was in the prequels and everyone saying they liked the prequels, I shit talked to the point where it was just excessive because I was so triggered. The mod messaged me and was cool and just told me to remove the insults and keep the criticism of the movie. So I went and edited my comments.
Have you never heard of "Beijing Cough". Sometimes it's called other things. Alot of people in Beijing wear masks people are constantly coughing from the smog. Not to mention that the 2008 olympics had many athletes having to be isolated from going outside because the air would drastically decrease performance. Also, my uncle goes to china two months out of the year and everytime he goes to Beijing he gets upper respiratory problems. I didn't think you needed a source. It is just common knowledge that places like Beijing, Shanghai, and even Hong Kong to an extent have noticeable air pollution.
What? Who the fuck says that lol?
I was going to donate sperm, but complications came up. Anyway, I gave two samples for testing. The room has typical magazine like penthouse, as well as movies. I just used my phone and pictures my girlfriend sent me, and even then it was very difficult. Not just because it was at 7:30am, but everybody knows what are you doing. Pretty hard.
I would say fight club buts its probably already here somewhere. So I pick Slumdog Millionaire.
That feeling when you start playing in the afternoon then look over at the window to see the light of the next day. [:
I actually just screamed in a pillow. How is somebody so self unaware.
While you say this doesn't bother you, it probably would. Most people don't want to be told that they are uninteresting to talk to.
The WoW of shooters. But less grind than vanilla
And I fucking love it lol
I loved the gameplay so much that the multiplayer kept me playing after the story. The multiplayer is seriously under rates
Live a little. Jeez
That is what I am reading too. Not hipsters though. Just antisocial losers.
I would agree.
*nods head
Well, to be honest friends kind of drop off over time. I have never really lost a friend suddenly. You move away and then talk to them less and less as they become unfamiliar.
Yeah, totally. If your friend group can do that then that is fine. I talk boldly and honestly to my friends as well. However, to aquaintances and new friends in general, you do not know what people like and do not like. You steer the conversation away from things that are not relevant to you or that you do not care about and onto things that are. For example, I was talking to a new friend in a class and he started talking about BMX racing. After a couple minutes when I felt that he had told me a good amount, I steered the conversation to where he was from, which got to where I am from, and so on. Good conversations do not need brick wall statements like "I actually don't care about BMX, the hobby you like, so lets not talk about it". Let people talk about what they want, then steer the conversation to what you want. It is give and take and you learn more about people over time this way.
I like hearing what people have to say most of the time. I usually do not ignore people. Listening is the most important part of a conversation.
Yeah, as a server, you just kinda learn how to steer conversations.
Not all the time. I am not a sports person at all for example, but I love hearing my uncle and grandpa talk about golf majors. It's hearing that they are excited about it that makes me excited about it. Passion is fun to hear for me. Sounds lame when I say it, but I have always been a listener over a talker.
NO. I just said I wasn't. I enjoy hearing people talk. I don't give a fuck about golf. I don't play it or watch it. I don't have to talk about my interests all the time.
How obtuse are you? Take care
And I absolutely cannot stand this comedian. Comedy for children I swear.
I've tried to wat this one and the other one. He's just bad to me
Louis CK, Bill Burr, Jon Mulaney, Patton Oswalt are some good ones I like. I think bill Burnham is a comedian that attracts children. I haven't met one adult that enjoys him and I've been looking. Larry the cable guy attracts red necks so he's a hack too along with Burnham
I fucking hate him man. It makes me angry that he is called a 'comedian' when people like Bill Burr or Louis CK work really hard to come up with funny material.
I watched it all. I just do not get it. If he did the same bit without the autotune and singing, it would not be funny. That is my issue with him. He has unfunny writing that he masks with singing and quick talking. I want the writing to be funny, then the delivery to make it funnier. Like he stays on the pringle can too long, then makes a joke about staying on the same unfunny topic too long. Then he stays on the burrito. Then goes too serious and unfunny. Like he should do music not comedy. Sorry man, he's not a comedian. He's a fucking singing hack that only gets laughs on his weird noises he makes. Fuck him.
It's probably related to farm. Pay attention to farm numbers of your opponents and yourself. Less farm, less gold, less items, less stats. Biggest thing to focus on to improve is getting all the free gold on the map. Cs is free gold. Focus on free gold
