I love the pots you chose. That reddish cactus... What is it?
RIP...?
Winning lottery numbers of course lol
What idiots
I use blender. Please teach me, sensei.
That was actually really interesting. I look forward to listening to their work
It's so pretty! I love the appearance of cacti but I'm afraid of the spikes...
Ooh, nice!
Simple tutorials. Making things I like. Shit, I haven't used blender in forever. I should pick that back up...
Oh cool! Can I see your cactus collection?
Agreed.
Wow, that's really cool! You should do an AMA
It's sort of a one-time thing for me because I rescued them from my backyard after I bonded with them and the mother a little bit. I'll probably be keeping them for about a week or two depending on my parents' preferences and adoptees.
I'm kind of worried about that too :( I'm falling in love with Rin... She fell asleep in my arms today. She twitched in her dreams.
By the twitching of her feet, I'd guess about running!
Hahaha
Did a shitton lot better than I did
Makes two of us
Wow. Amazing
6-8 weeks. Two indoor cats, four outdoor cats. Cats.
Oh my God, I'm dying!!
This is despicable. I can't fathom how this officer thought this was even remotely rationalized.
What's tetraethyl?
....I live near there. I must eat this
What's it feel like to take heroin?
Are you an engineer or scientist? You're very intelligent. Thank you for the information even if I didn't understand chunks of it.
Thanks for your response. I'm really glad that you were able to kick the habit. Cheers! I may just be a stranger but I'm proud of you. You accomplished something many others could not. I once met an (ex?) heroin addict when I was in a psychiatric hospital. When I asked him what it felt like, he asked me to think of the happiest moment I've ever experienced- then multiply that by a thousand.
I hope you get to keep your kid :(
That beautiful bike, ruined...
I found a really weird cactus/succulent at Lowe's today. I only took a picture. http://i.imgur.com/o2JYFxQ.png
Bucket list.
My succulent shop heaven :O What is the cactus in picture 43
:D
HAHA that's awesome.
( . Y . )
Put. It. Back.
Woah. Cool. I see your cheetah and raise you a turtle Turtles 02 /^\ | | /\ |_| /\ | \___/' `\___/ | \_/ \___/ \_/ |\__/ \__/| |/ \___/ \| ./\__/ \__/\, | / \___/ \ | \/ V \/
Lol. Believe me, it's a very pretty turtle.
How quick do people redeem these things?!
Are you serious. Two minutes, gone... :(
:c
Uh...
I wonder how long we can keep this going
What's the weirdest and/or funniest thing that's happened backstage/off set? Funniest blooper? Thanks for making my childhood that much better!
That's amazing. This is why I freaking love science.
You're a good writer. The way you describe things makes this 10x better. &gt; sausage Dead.
It won't work for me (the gif)
GENIUS! So, waffles or pancakes?
That's exactly what I was thinking!
That's fucking amazing
That's awesome!
I'm not aloooone lol
Eastern Parson Spider?
I read your username and thought this was /r/metaldetecting for a few moments... I love catfish
CHEESE!
Yes sir! What's the best thing you've found? Also what model detector?
Trampoline!!
Awesome. Got any pics?
Don't worry about it!
Oh man xD
I just subbed them. Hilarious shit
..................
|||||||||||[{{%^*%\|&gt;?
It seems we have a visitor... WHO WANTS TO MAKE S'MORES?
Well.... Yes and no. I study entomology so I can usually tell if an insect is aggressive or not just by its behavior.
Thank you!
I'm lonely
Hug me
&gt;When you look like a leather couch you're doing something wrong. Holy shit my sides
That was beautiful.
I expected a Family Guy reference. Was not disappointed.
:') *holds you close* I love you man
I cannot fathom how someone can be like "I don't care if my entire ass is out"
That is way too perfect to be legit
This is exactly why I really want to go to Japan.
That's really unfortunate. I'm sorry.
What type of lizard is this?
I just want to kiss that little nose
I'm so sorry to hear about your family. How awful. I thought love was supposed to be unconditional.
I'm so sorry. If you need to talk, PM me.
Can we see the scar?
Oh my god... That sounds absolutely terrifying... Thank god you have such a supportive family and friends! If I may ask, in what way did he abuse you and what did he do after he got the news? You should do an AMA if you're comfortable
Why can I live near these places
They get into naughty things like electric wires, the bags of litter, etcetera. That and I'm an overprotective foster mother and want to be there in case they get hurt for any reason (they play rough). I also enjoy spending time with them (and watching them wrestle and jump xD)
THAT *FACE!*
That was beauti-- oh
This.
I used to all the time. I'd spend hours on my computer slowly to escape my pain. Now I play because I really just want to play lol
Dude this guy's work is terrifying yet awesome!
I only get that because I made that reference today after years of my parents making it lol
That is one fancy sword
They're ADORABLE that's what they are
What happened to your nail? That looks painful
Holy fuck dude. You're as red as watermelon!
That ending 😂
What's CG? Computer generated?
So THATS where those weird green tube-y things come from...
This is an Eastern Black Swallowtail. Currently raising one!
Those aren't antennae. They're called osmeterium and are displayed when threatened. This organ releases a mix of chemicals that produce a foul odor and deter ants and a few other predators.
This is sad :(
Ow... How did that happen?
How often do you receive wedding proposals? ^^^^^^You're ^^^^^^hot
There's no such thing as a stupid question, only someone too stupid to ask it.
That's so sweet.
I want to have a dream like this.
I have never heard of this type of OCD before! I just learned something new. How does your disorder affect your relationships with friends and family? What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you? Best thing? What would you say is the most difficult thing about having this disorder? Do you go to therapy to cope? Do you take medication(s)? If yes, do they help? Have any "natural" alternatives been beneficial? What was your childhood like? Thank you for the opportunity.
That is amazing!! Cheers to you, man. You can beat this shit.
Why not? I'm a poet and I love games. Fire. Heat. Pain. Loss. Tears. Rain. Night. Day. Sun. Sky. Gravity. Family. Bonds. Strength. Love. http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049222380 Thank you! Hope you liked my little poem.
I thought of Markiplier!
*boops its cute pink nose*
Is that Blue Moon? Good beer
Ohhhhhh fuckkkkk. That must've hurt...
Love it!
Thank you for taking the time to respond! I understand and respect that you aren't comfortable with some questions. I hope that whatever happened to you, you heal from and have a very happy and successful life. Stay strong &lt;3
I'm so glad! :)
I'm gonna take a shot in the dark here and say he likes mechs.
I love you. What inspired you to create the saber?
What is it?
Aww!
That's a hell of a lot better than I could ever do!
TIL weed is a contraceptive
Cool
I like the futuristic fighter pilot
Also, that artist that you had favorited with all the wolves, foxes, and such? STUNNING
I wish I could draw :(
Wow, you're a great poet.
Relevant http://youtu.be/g7XVA3fUlbc
I really like this. I wonder how it'd look with a black background.
Oh wow. What a beauty!
Aww she's pregnant!
Wow, you're really talented! I could see the second one in a book
Good Lord that was fantastic
That's adorable!
HAHAHAHAHAHA
That's really nice :) I hope you succeed a lot in life
Holy crap that's fuckin' gorgeous
Am I the only one who sees a picture of something that looks like SuperJail?
I love Chinese dragons
Cooool. Thanks for explaining!
Roar lol
Face moth 😂
You need a hug bro?
Holy mother of minefields
There's a way to completely avoid this. Wash the area with soap and water first. Wipe with alcohol. Wax. Wipe with alcohol again. My doctor told me to do this because I kept getting infected pores.
Woah calm down there Satan
Are they safe to handle?
Looks like I won't be getting one then &gt;_&gt;
Lol
You are very welcome!
Skin is skin! Most likely. Just make sure to keep the shaven area clean. Wiping it down with alcohol the next day after showering isn't a bad idea either.
Also, pour alcohol on the razor before and after or use a new razor. I don't actually wax- I shave- and I get painful cyst-like growths by the groin. I hate pubic hair so I shave it but I have to be careful because it's an area on the body that isn't necessarily considered clean. Make sure your razor is sharp. I recommend at least 3 blades minimum.
OH one more thing: soak the area with hot water first. Afterwards, put cold water over it. The hot water helps to open the pores and reduces the chance of irritating the hair follicles. The cold water helps to tighten the skin and close pores so dirt and germs and sweat are more likely not to get in and cause zits/infections.
What's that look like?
Fuck Mengele.... I hope he's burning in Hell
(:
I always wrap up used pads in tissue paper
Whoops
YES! I want
:O once the newest Naruto: Shippuden episode comes out, yes please!! Thank you so much!
Oops :)
I use biodegradable tampon applicators. They're awesome.
Thanks!
Wish I knew what that meant. Thanks!
What's AMD?
I'm not sure. Just tell me within $2,000
Oh how I wish I had an oculus riff...
Uh... What is any of that lol
Thank you!
Wow. Thank you! I'll send this over to my computer genius of a brother.
How are you tonight?
Kinda lonely, to be honest.
I'm thinking about how broken I'll be once I have to say goodbye to my foster kittens...
What happened here? Backstory? Follow-up?
I'm so so so sorry. I held my best friend Nutmeg as she passed a few years ago.
I am so sorry about what happened to you. I know there's not much I can say to help, but I'm proud of you for opening up about your abuse and you should be proud of yourself. What you just did takes massive balls and courage. Not everyone can face their fears and demons. Now your next step is to seek therapy and maybe (when you're ready) talk with family and friends. I wish you all the best. If you need a friend, don't hesitate to PM me.
That is adorable
Looking at the thumbnail I was expecting pancakes...
I'm not sure what species or whether or not it's pregnant, but it's possible because it is female.
Aw he is just *precious*
Whaaaaaaat! That's crazy cool
I just took a picture of one of these today! http://i.imgur.com/0jxTkIG.png
That's weird yet cool. It's cwool.
Looks kinda like a common funnelweb
Damn, wonderful colors and detail!
Genius. I guess I know what I'm putting in my town
Thanks lol I'm not exactly a computer techie
Lol
Don't you mean swam over or driven over? I mean... It was in the ocean, right? Glad you're okay
Well okay then.
So.. No?
Hey! What's your favorite food? Favorite color? Do you like beaches? What do you think made you who you are today?
Congratulations!!
AWW those eyes!
It *is* really realistic.
My mouth instantly watered looking at that. That meat looks absolutely fantastic.
Excuse me sir you seem to have escaped the insane asylum. Please come with me
So... It's official now? All states must allow gay marriage? YAY! It's about time!
Can you teach me?
It's ORANGE
That's gonna leave a hole!
Woah, cool! Contact some kind of artifact museum or something!
Thank you, I will!
Wat
Because the leaves smell like lemons, the stems smell like licorice, and the roots smell like root beer. Also the leaves look cool
Ohhhhh haha that's adorable.
The Green Mile. When he: in the electric chair and they're about to put the bag over his head he says, "I's afraid of the dark..." 😭
&gt;cobblers That's absolutely hilarious
Well? What are their names? Pics?
Oh my God my heart........ I am so, so, *so* sorry....
You're making me tear up.... :(
Can confirm. Lip spining is hot AF
I have Asberger's and I'm quite proud of the fact. :)
That was amazing.
Dude that's priceless!
You guys aren't cool! You're *lame!*
And how exactly does this work? ...for science, of course
That is super creepy
GOOSE! ...am I doing this right?
OMG
LOVE this!
Fuck you dude ._.
He's so done 😂
Sometimes, yeah.
Perfect.
I love Markiplier!! It's his birthday today!
Mmmm....
Adorable!
http://www.matrices.net/fursuiting.asp try looking around this site
:(
Hey, I thought that was pretty funny. :(
...please stahp
OH MY GOD
Apparently so ._. I don't know why but he's terrifying to me. ...and I'm a horror writing fan
Oh deer
Take my heart... JUST *TAKE* IT!
I hope you took pictures
Thank you!
TIL
So that's what TSA stands for. ^^^I ^^^swear ^^^I'm ^^^not ^^^stupid, ^^^I ^^^just ^^^didn't ^^^know.
Ha! That was a good one.
I'm so, so, so sorry... Losing my kitty was the worst thing that ever happened to me... And I've been through some shit
For some reason I want to see more pictures of your house
Pics or it di- oh.
That is an Argiope Aurantia https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argiope_aurantia
Aw now I wish I could find one. Where do they live, exactly? I think it's adorable.
That's cool! I guess that means they're not in my state, haha. Suburban. Thanks!
Why, thank you!
Well at least let me take a picture and post it on the Internet
Thanks!
Hahaha
I hope I see one someday!! Are they pet-capable?
I just wanted to confirm this ID. That's definitely a woodlouse spider. Pretty neat critters.
I was going to say the same. They're ALL over my mother's orchids. We cleaned them off vigorously more than once and even repotted. They're persistent little bastards.
Yup! I'd love to have a beautiful tank with one someday
Aw that sucks! It'd be so sick to wake up in the middle of the night and see this gorgeous blue sea dragon swimming around gracefully.
That one little piece in his mouth omg too cute!
Frank has beautiful eyes.
Ohhh, thanks!
I'm confused. What is this all about? Some kind of virtual scavenger hunt? What is ARG?
Oh God, why did I laugh.
Thanks!
Awesome.
But.... But... Fish..
I get this reference because I saw Star Wars yesterday!
Cool!
Ooh thank you
/u/trollabot goliath_gamer
This makes me appreciate advanced technology much more.
I think you mean fucked.
Oh wow, hi! It's absolutely wonderful to have the opportunity to talk to the brilliant mind behind the Oculus Rift! Your invention is the future of gaming and virtual reality! Who knows what virtual reality could be used for in the future? Therapy, education, art (imagine 360 paintings!!), and many other things (probably porn lol)! Anyway, onto my question... What made you want to be who and what you are today? Who do you think had the most influence on your life and why? Thank you.
That is oddly beautiful.
Lmfao oh man
Neither did they
I would
I like this one. The expression and pose is perfect.
Now that's a race I'd join
I didn't even see that! Lol!
Who is bleeed?
You're a good father.
THANK YOU /U/YELLSABOUTJOKES
I've felt like a wolf all my life... Maybe I'm otherkin then? I simply had to howl with those people at the end of the video. It felt like a natural instinct- a build-up of energy in my chest. I know it's bizarre, but it's just the way I've always felt. I'm a furry but before joining the fandom I felt like I leaned more towards the therian community. I understand those kids in a way most could not. I don't see myself when I look into a mirror. I see some person who happens to be me. I often feel disconnected from myself. Growing up I always ran around on all fours and barked and howled. In school I used to growl at bullies and chase them when I was angry (looking back I feel likes complete idiot). I realized nobody else around was like me and that I had to hide that side of myself in order to fit in society.
When a cat has a very goofy personality, it tends to show. Like my Shadow! http://m.imgur.com/L8pDaT0
See, this is why I immediately hate websites like say shit like "we noticed you have Adblock on! Please turn off Adblock to blah blah blah." No. Fuck you. I don't want your ads and I don't want your viruses.
Thank God I'm not the only one who uses *hnnng*
So did mine. Unbelievable that she was charged for this.
What's the fourth picture one called? Also, do you have any frog-cactuses for sale?
I thought I was in /r/puns for a second
What type of shampoo do you use?
Looks like a fucking murder scene
Thanks! It comes with the frog, right?
I would ask, "what's the craziest thing you've ever been asked?"
Wow, you sound like a really chill person. Do you have an art gallery I can look at? If you don't mind, I would like to share this painting on another sub (with credit of course). Is that alright?
Holy fuck. That's a *lot* of worms. Free bait!
Excuse me while I google "vociferously" and expand my vocabulary.
I want it
I swear I'm not stupid... But what is this? Some kind of lettuce?
Oh man... That one pic of your hand after they removed the blisters... It looks so raw
Oh man I love this. What would you do if you were the last person on Earth?
It's... it's so beautiful....
Haha oh man your kids are adorable. Thanks for the response... One more question! Do you think you like boys or do you like girls? Or both?
Thank you!
Because of your art, I've decided to finally create a DA account. Woohoo!
AWWW that's so sweet! You're a great mother.
Don't forget Shepard's pie.
Oh shit sorry! You're an awesome father.
I used to hate it but then my mother made it from scratch. Now I like it, haha. Ah, Mom's cooking.
Oh man that's priceless.
That's a lot of puppies! Also, AWWWWWWWW^W^^W^^^W^^^^W^^^^^W
Hahaha. Like?
OMG
Welcome to the solar system!
As a high school graduate with little college completed, this irritates the *fuck* out of me. I'll be searching for jobs on Indeed that match "entry level" and come up with a dozen results saying shit like "literally no experience required!! Must have mail machine experience prior" That's almost WORD FOR WORD of what one of the jobs listed described. Seriously, *what the fuck?*
Thank you for taking care of these cats in need. You're a good person.
My mother used to tell stories about doing this... She said one fully grown man flipped out and had to be helped back to the surface.
WOW! Is that photoshopped? It looks to perfect
It takes a real man to cry.
What did they say? It's deleted
You. I like you.
If I were him, I'd just say he's an awesome person. Lying simply doesn't feel right.
Somebody didn't have their morning wheaties.
*wooosh*
I look forward to being this cool.
That is definitely adorable.
I believe everybody is awesome in their own way. But that's just my own principle.
Shit... How fucking hot was their coffee??
&gt;Your tiny dick hasn't gotten longer from the thousands of times you've yanked it, has it? OHHH SHIT FIRE
Why not just serve up hot coal?
Oh man that's funny
Have the happiest of happy birthdays!!!!
Where can I get one of these made?!
Cute and huggable!
Adorable!
Welcome! :3 *glomp*
Ohmygoodnessthekitten!
Are... Are those Karin's glasses?
That's terrifying.
Beautiful. Could you teach me?
Those poor cacti :(
Heh. I get it.
Welcome!
Looks like a carpet beetle.
I love this so much.
Don't tell me! I've only watched the anime!
This brought a tear to my eye. Rest in Peace Mrs. Jordan.
Me too
Oy. Glad that's not the case.
Nice username.
With all that blubber? Nah
My second thought :(
"Tics and twitches, please be kind" I have Tourette's.
Barefoot Gen. I'll never forget that movie.
Even the smallest gesture of kindness makes a difference. Be kind, selfless, patient, and forgiving with people. Everybody makes mistakes and nobody is perfect. Your past does not define you. Your weaknesses are only weaknesses if you make them so. If you dwell on yesterday you will miss today. Listen more, talk less. Always do what is right, not what is easy. Forgiving someone does not mean you're okay with what they did; it means you are letting go of any and all anger or resentment towards that person. You don't need an apology to forgive. The only way to fail is to not try.
The sound of breaking a sand block in minecraft. I just love it. Also, the squishy sound you get when walking in mud in Garry's Mod.
What's MDMA?
I need to see a video of this
I know, right? It hurts my ears.
MOMMY! MAKE IT STOP!
Another person with Tourette's! Hello! I don't see too many people like us. It's really awful. I feel you, bro. I'm pretty sure I also have restless leg syndrome on top of it.
Google "how to give yourself the stranger"
Fucking this.
My favorite dinosaur is the iguanodon.
__*NOTICE!*__ This thread is CLOSED now as the needs of OP have been met (ever so kindly 😊)
This gives me so much hope. I've been trying to find a doctor who will provide it for me, but so far my attempts have been futile... What should I do?
That guy has an awesome smile
°~°
*Rude.*
YES! THIS. I always told myself if I ever had to get a prosthetic, I'd want it to look badass. I'm into cyberpunk.
I try to, but sometimes I'm in a rush. I'll try to keep this comment in mind next time. Thanks.
Good for you man! Fuck depression
You... Genius....
Thank you for explaining to me. I think I understand better now.
Oh, well that's alright then. I'm glad you enjoy what you do. What is that exactly if I may ask? I hope you have a healthy year.
That's adorable and I want it.
Ohh I've had that. It's a'ight.
I'm sorry about your interview and ex! What religion do you practice (if any) and what importance does it hold in your life?
Camera specs if you don't mind? Lenses too?
Who the hell downvoted you? Your comment is nice and it's relevant.
Very inspirational. God bless her.
I know you said you don't like story, but I *HIGHLY* recommend Metro: Last Light. It has wonderful stealth mechanics (NV, silent kills), moral choices, and an incredibly gripping storyline. It's creepy and highly immersive. I already beat the game twice. Great guns and original functions, great interactivity. Hide in the shadows of the dark and gloomy metro and take out your enemies one by one- or just go guns ablazin'. For one without much story at all, go for Warface. It's free and it's very good. Gun customization, high realism, decent stealth, etc.
Thanks for the response! I wish you the best in the future.
I know the feeling. Hmu if you ever need a friend or just a listening ear.
Wow, rude. Metro Last Light isn't even my favorite game. OP wanted to know about a high-quality FPS- I recommended one and explained why. You have no reason to be so blatantly cold towards me.
Well I feel that my answer was satisfactory.
Awesome! I may take a look!
Wow, you're a great photographer. Where did you learn how to take such precise shots?
Oh wow. All those movies! Where's the Wilhelm scream come from anyway?
Which unit makes that scream?
Don't stop there! Tell me more
Wow... That.. Really clever, I like it!
Best. Wedding ring. Ever.
Ohhh thanks
No problem
Just like in the book! Haha. Were they maps?
Apply ice directly to affected area.
That was amazing.
Aaaaand now I'm hungry.
This. Photograph all injuries. I also recommend keeping a diary and/or audio/video record the abuse secretly. I really hope you make it out of this situation. I'd also like to say that I'm really, really proud of you for deciding to contact help instead of ending it. You're strong. If you want to talk, I'm here. Just shoot me a message, okay? Much love.
What a beauty!
Why did I laugh at this.
D'aww! I want to see a picture of him all dry and fluffy.
Awesome!! I plan on making Haku's mask sometime. I have the materials. Now I just need to motivation.
Awesome!
I'm so sorry.
I can't stand people who take advantage of peoples' kindness.
Savage.
Heh
I was just holding a jumping spider a few minutes ago!
Yup!
Will it damage the clay imprint?
*Going aaaanyyyywheeeeere!*
Oh. It's not tent caterpillars? Interesting. Thanks for the info.
Perfect answer.
I love it! I want to see more with color.
Chilling
I'm on mobile and can see the thumbnail. Why did I still click on it?
Certainly.
Glorious
Heh, that's good. I'll be using that one.
Awesome. Did you follow a tutorial? How long did it take you?
I love you
Hi Chub Chubs!
I'm so dreadfully sorry you had you go through such unimaginable hell and I'm sorry you have to deal with the aftermath of suffering. You will be in my prayers.
/r/karmaconspiracy
So cute!
Thank you for introducing me to a new sub
What type of plant? I'm interested
How the fuck was it still standing with all of its guts hanging out?!
Just like that hook
How the hell is he smiling he has a fucking hook in his neck
I just taught myself about the hazard square and a ton of other chemistry things. Thanks!
Aw, it's a harmless Scutigera Cleoprata.
IIRC, he actually didn't get eaten. He was dragged into the lagoon and drowned.
OHHH FUCK THAT NO
My reaction was something like "HNNNNNGGGG"
Lmfao
Damn...
How do you think politicians are born?
Wtf
Aw, that's kind of sweet that the guy was concerned. Thanks for sharing!
Actually, yes. I don't know any derogatory terms for Latinos lol
Yes!! Exactly this! Us gamers need to band together to help make the world a better place :)
Now I gotta see deadpool that sounds epic
That was beautiful man
You might be a serial killer.
Thanks mate!
/r/selffucking
How did I know there'd be a dick involved.
Yeah, don't want to tear something important. Cool username btw. How'd you choose it?
I'm female. That's a pus explosion.
I didn't even expect it to explode amazingly like that. The splatter is awesome, hahaha.
Bruh. Halp. It's taking over the whole garden 😂
The opposite of male.
It was orgasmic.
Ouch! Glad you're okay.
That was beautiful... Thank you for this
Hahaha, sorry! Yeah it was pretty sick. I used all different types of swords, spears, and axes or something. It was also scary hahaha. The enemy I had.. Bruh whatever I chopped off would just reattach.
Buddy is neutral lol. *tips fishing hat*
Hnnnng hmmhgg HUGNNNM YES YES YES
That's what I'm trying to do.
This is great to know. I self-harm to cope with the abuse. Psychological, verbal, financial.
I've tried that. They didn't seem to care and said they couldn't help me.
Sorry, yes. APS.
Thank you. I've had lots of therapy. To be honest I'm getting sick of going from doctor to doctor... It's just too stressful. Even if they are the trigger?
I've tried inquiring about this option with friends and family. None are available for the responsibility.
I've never heard of that before. I'll have to look into ASAN. This is why I love reddit. Thanks, friend.
I've tried contacting APS multiple times. They rejected me.
Thank you so much for your comment. I will certainly amend my explanation to be more specific next time. My parents stole $700 from me (I told them to hold onto it in a savings account until I asked for it back- I was a young kid) and refuse to return it. They have taken my property and trashed it behind my back. And I almost never see a penny of my own money, I have no clue what they do with it, but they recently got a large shed installed in the backyard when for the past few months they've been complaining about money issues. I'd like to think they aren't taking my SSI money but with the things they've done in the past I wouldn't be too surprised.
Perfect! How do I call the court?
Whelp no wonder I felt a biting sensation... Thanks!
I discovered that the newer model is actually *less* money on Amazon and has 128GB of SSD! Should I get that instead it is newer not always better?
That's a brilliant idea
Thanks much! Which do you think is better, the Inspiron or the Aspire you just mentioned? I'll be buying a used "like new" if I can manage.
Thank you. How long do they usually last on average?
This is a difficult choice hahaha. It's almost $200 more but looks fantastic...
Okay so no roundhousing it got it lol
Thanks so much :) *tightly hugs*
I can't travel lol.
Oh I don't mind finding US coins, just bottle caps and junk. I just wish I'd get better coins in general. Can a better machine really tell the difference that well? Wow. Thanks for the information. What do you mean exactly by "virgin" place? Like, not well-hunted by other detectorists?
Omg. You're awesome. Congratulations on your new friend!!
23, but that's irrelevant. They have full guardianship. Edit: thanks for the down votes... Wasn't trying to be rude
Thank you. It is a LOT to me, seeing as I spent probably over a hundred hours making it.
Heh, that's a good idea. Thank you.
It's a long story and I'm beyond exhausted from last night's shitshow. Got out of the hospital around 3:30AM. The how isn't too important anymore. I'm sorry.
My parents are trying to stop me from getting a job with an actual salary, but I'm still trying hard. Yeah. Thankfully DRNY has begun helping me. I'm just praying that it works out.
Thank you, friend.
Thank you very much. I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
This is why I'm hesitant to use SB anymore. Almost none of the surveys work and I waste my time, why the fuck do they disqualify you AFTER you worked on it?
That's really sleazy.
Why isn't this is Australia?
10/10 would hang in my room.
I forgot to say that I'm very sorry that you had to go through this kind of shit- especially thousands of dollars. What ever happened in your case?
...toxic?
Oh cool. Euphorbia, huh? I have a euphorbia decaryi. Thanks!
Well, admittedly, at one point I banged on my mother's door handle four times. I understand I shouldn't have done that. I was angry at the time because she had stolen my hard-earned money. Typically, I express angst by either yelling or just saying I am angry and having a firm tone. A majority of the time I am able to keep myself under control- but as a human being, I make mistakes.
I've been refraining from self-harm lately Edit: why in the world would someone down vote this? It's a GOOD thing. I somehow managed to resist last night's strong urge too.
I have been working with the system for years. I will fight this guardianship with every ounce of strength in my body. My guardians are abusive. I have grown an incredible amount because I was forced to. Nowadays, I am more than certainly mature enough to handle myself.
The smell of a snowy winter night. Ahh...
Hai!
Failure. In order to succeed you need to know what *not* to do.
That was fucking amazing
