It is honking with the big Yes printed on it. Lets be honest, you wouldn't see a britnat fly that flag anyways, just leave it as the Saltire.
Yeah, that looks much better!
I always use the AT-ST as a anti aircraft weapon, always satisfying blowing rebel ships out the sky, the only issue is the ridiculous range of the ion cannon, you can sit back miles away from the action on the ground and still get taken out. especially on Hoth
If the rebels have better ships, then surely the imperials should have the advantage of numbers in the air, help even it up
Hurray!
On WA, I kinda wish they would limit the number of Rebel fighters you can have in the air at once.
I'm surprised people believe you need to have skill to use the pulse cannon, its a 1 shot kill weapon. In my experience using it, no skill is really needed, its as simple as point and shoot.
Brilliant, I love the force choke but you shouldn't be using it in situations like that!
It's not the man weapon I use, but if i'm having one of they days where I just can't seem to hit anything, it is my default gun to help get a few kills and get the confidence back
Brilliant
You find that camera on the ceiling? Only kidding, congratulations!
I think Viper droids are just easily to spot because they hover above the ground.
Sounds as if the Galaxy class could be seen as a potential failure
Did the Odyssey manage to take any out Dominion ships during that encounter?
Yeah the Galaxy Class could easily go toe to toe with other know capital ships of the time (pre dominion war that is)
I'm sure we seen one or 2 getting destroyed at the first battle of Chin'toka
&gt; I would have rather them kill off O'brien and his family to make space for her. Wait, what?!
If you have a good partner who is trying to play the objective, it can be really handy to use him for spawning and getting back into the action quickly and not having to run a mile to catch up
Same with the crew, they leave spacedock as the bright eyed, full of hope and energy, excitement, coming back as cynical, wearied, angry from the experience... Or just not making it back at all
&gt; If I remember correctly, his crime wasn't that serious Tbf, He did join a terrorist group
[http://tng.trekcore.com/bluray/images/s3comp/tngs3-bluraypreview-313-3-hd.jpg] Enterprise D from above in the atmosphere
Would loved to have found out more about The Husnock and the adventures of one lone Borg cube/sphere in the Gamma quadrant
IMO air superiority can make a massive difference to the outcome of a game, especially when the uplink is sitting out in the open, A/Y/Speeders can easily pick off players from above. Being in control of the sky can help dictate what's happening on the ground. Plus if you have any Tie fighters still in the air at the final uplink, it means they can take out the speeders before they can attempted to take down a walker with a cable, leaving the rest of us to concentrate on the ground forces
&gt; I imagine a lot of worlds could feel threatened or put off by the insular and, frankly, xenophobic Klingon and Romulan empires so having the Federation around would mean a lot. I always imagined the Federation having something similar to a NATO with certain non member worlds.
I wouldn't want to mess with Italian Leia.
Wouldn't that be similar ti asking why would someone go to the pub for a few drinks when they can do it at home? I think the short answer would be its a place people can go to socialise and relax
I'll be happy for Siri just to understand my accent one day
Yeah the maquis thing was something I didn't get. Why did they appear to happily accept being fitted out in Starfleet uniforms? Felt like more of a conscription than a willingness
Yeah, I've always wondered that. I mean how long did Riker, Troi and Geordie have to walk about about until they found a sleeping Reg in the Holodeck?
I think she has a point. You could argue that the Federation assimilates cultures, they either force them to change into what they deem as acceptable or don't allow them into the club. Look at Bajour, it had been mentioned they wouldn't be allowed to be a member of the federation if they reverted back to its culture prior to the Cardassian occupation, with its class system as briefly seen
I didn't see a single shadow trooper or helmetless stormtrooper. This pleases me
This EU referendum has been utterly farce from the start. The hate that's been whipped up by the right against immigrants and refugees is nothing short of disgusting
For our friends across the Atlantic, I know UK and its devolved politics are be confusing for some MP - Member of Parliament (UK parliament, Westminster, London) MEP - Member of European Parliament (EU Parliament, Brussels) MSP - Member of Scottish Parliament (Scottish Parliament, Holyrood, Edinburgh) AM - Assembly Member (Welsh Parliament, Cardiff) MLA - Member of the Legislative Assembly (Northern Ireland assembly, Belfast)
MP is also used for Military Police for the UK armed forces!
You actually believe that guff you've just posted?
Think of it as an open day in the MP constituency they represent. (They usually use a public building such as a library, community hall, school etc..) Basically once a month an MP will hold a surgery meaning members of the public can make an appointment to see them face to face to discuss matters they wish, it can be either a local grievance or a national grievance, that the MP could raise with Parliament
Oops. I'll put that down as a typo.
Same, but I do think the default stormtrooper skin is the best.
I keep seeing Axanar fans talk about this 20 minute promo as "real" Star Trek Go back and watch TOS and early TNG, Axanar is in no way remotely faithful to early Roddenberry Star Trek. It's basically a war film. Couldn't be further from Star Trek IMO
Yeah, I use the AT-ST as an anti aircraft vehicle
Being turned on offended you?
He gets the job done, you might like how but it gets done
Fuck me, that is horrific news
Yeah, Unless it's my imagination I'm sure the Dominion was already aware of the Federation existence
Indeed
Words are pronounced differently all the time depending on where you are in the world. Even names Craig being one prime example
Same, I do get a deep sense of satisfaction taking out rebel ships. Although it can take multiple attempts to take out a A-Wing
Just voted. Remain. Some of the story from the leave camp have been disgusting, you must feel like a leper being a foreigner in England (Not the rest of the UK) right now. Be interesting to see the outcome, If English votes does pull Scotland out of the EU it would be a constitutional crisis.
After watching Die Hard when I was a wee boy, I assumed all Americans are Cowboys for a long time. Wasn't until I seen City Slickers that I realised differently
That really should be a special weapon. It makes him invincible for a short period of time
What rules?
Why should the rebels have another advantage trying to bring down the Walker? You don't even get punished for snapping the cable. You get unlimited attempted and at least 3 speeders in the air, (not to mention any A-Wings) Your team should be carrying Ion Torpedo, they make mince meat out of the AT-ST
"Entitled" well it's usually just decent common curtesy to welcome someone. But demonising them.....
So making money and starting a profit making business from someone else IP falls under the fair use laws Really?
UK is in political meltdown at the moment. PM resigned Leader of the opposition just had a motion of no confidence from his party MPs Sinn Fenn wanting NI to have a referendum on a United Ireland Scottish First Minister making preparations for a Scottish independence referendum Within an hour of the result Spain are already wanting to have discussion to have join sovereignty over Gibraltar £ dropping like a stone on the market. UK has lost £390 billion from the economy within 2 hours. Plus it's painfully obvious the leave camp have made zero plans for a Brexit. EU want to start exit negotiations straight away UK couldn't be anymore divided at the moment. It's not even been 12 hours since the result, I suspect we still have a lot more to come
Bloody Scots, they ruined Scotland!
Yes. During the 2014 Independence referendum we had been repeatedly told by the NO camp, if we leave the UK we leave the EU and leaving the EU would mean devastation for our economy as businesses and banks would uproot and move elsewhere. In short, we got sold a lie. Right now the UK is up shit creek without a paddle.
Scotland already meets all of the EU regulations.
Spain wouldn't object as it would do real harm to Spanish fishermen not having Scotland (and our vast waters) in the EU
Technically speaking Scotland is a country.
Big difference between what's happening in Spain and Scotland. For starters, Scotland is a country.
Scotland isn't a region though. It is a country, big difference
No they didn't
Being in the single market for one. Norway has to pay the EU for access to the single market, accept freedom of movement etc... All without having a seat at the table with zero influence.
They didn't. For starter it would be a bad thing for the Spanish fishing industry not having Scotland (and its vast waters) within the EU At no point did Spain say they would block Scotland remaining a EU member, believe me, I lived through the referendum
The euro is not a requirement, and the Spanish Government has never said it would veto Scottish membership. No idea why this myth still goes around.
Someone like Boris? Very good. I would imagine the Labour voters who put him into the position as leader care. Sinn Fenn power share in Stormont Scottish Government are already making plans to potentially hold a referendum. With the UK out the EU, Spain can easily but a blockade on Gibraltar, Which would fuck the place over. Starting. Still a long way off from yesterday. I do, I'm going to suggesting you don't understand the political system. Nobody from the Leave camp, nor any of it's backers (the one in Government and opposition parties) provided any plans or policies in the event of a leave vote, just rhetoric
Said it before Alec Peters has been trying to set this up as "us the real Star Trek fans" aka Axanar vs " Big bad evil studio, who hate the fans" Star Trek is global. People like me wont be paying CBS All Access simple because I'm not from the US I've just had a look, Axanar has had 2.3m views in almost 2 years, on the global scale of things, that is peanuts, small fry. CBS will still sell the show around the world. Alec Peters is deluded, I'm surprised his ego can fit in the studio door.
Off topic. I always thought that expression was totally out of character for Sisko, every time I watch Emissary it throws me when I see him do it.
They should just spawn at a random location and players shouldn't be able to pick up the token more than once a game. It's becoming unbelievable the amount of times I see the same players as multiple heroes during games.
I don't think it would be uncommon for a starship to undergo "sea trials" without be being fully equipped, I wouldn't think it would even be necessary to have a tractor beam or torpedos for a nip around the block so to speak. Having Kirk and the news team just comes across as nothing more than a PR stunt. The thing I struggle with the most is believing Starfleet had no other starship within the sector (its Earth after all!) and the Ribbon along with the El-Aurian ships managed to travel into the heart of the Federation without so much as anyone saying a peep.
Shout out to the sperm that won the race
To be fair, when he's coming towards you. Your only other options are to either, run away or let him kill you. You had no choice.
The guy is a tadger Just listening to him, blames everyone else, refuses to take any responsibility, can't understand why everyone else didn't unite under him. Sometimes I need to remind myself, Axanar is only a 20 minute short film.... He's talking about CBS buying Axanar and making millions from it.
I always felt the story and setting was a bit weak.
Bit random, but the one thing I really like about this film, was them ditching the bubble shield effect
Big Map - Easily Hoth, Just loving running about that map Worst. Endor. Don't get me wrong, it is beautifully done, but I really struggle to find my bearings in it, Sometimes I even struggle to see the walker
That is incredible to watch, but I would imagine utterly terrifying to be sitting in the thing at the time.
Yassss! Despite having them already on DVD or Blu-Ray. I'm just too lazy to go upstairs and grab a boxset.
I wish. Chances are it will be on Sky Atlantic.
TNG DS9 ENT VOY TOS If I had put them in order.
Why wouldn't the computer understand him? The world is full of regional dialects. I'm pretty sure anyone who can master faster than light travel can invent a computer that will understand different accents
To be fair, Battlefront 2 was a great game, it's easy to understand why you'd get excited
I'm pretty shocked the amount of guys on here that are expecting to pay for the meal/drinks in full. Every date I've ever been on, we have split the bill 50/50 without any issues
The line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
Not to mention the money was also being used to start a for profit business. He was literally using the Star Trek brand to make money I don't think people would have such a problem with it, if this was a non profit fan film, With all donations going into the film.
He tried something similar here. http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/tycoon-donald-trump-fences-off-home-1104665 Guess who ended up paying for it in the end? I'll give you a clue. It was Trump
Wait, you've seen a trail for Discovery? Please do share Guess it comes down to opinions, but from what I've seen of Anaxar it doesn't look anything special, looks more like a war film than a Star Trek show.
King of England. You know there isn't such a thing? Unless you are planning of traveling back to the 1600s
Union of the crowns 1603 say otherwise. The King (or queen) does not hold the title King of England.
Reminds me a lot like some of the station you'd find on the Glasgow Subway. Which ironically is nickname the Clockwork Orange due to its train being orange (plus it only has one line that goes in a circle)
What the Enterprise does in this episode is similar to what the Borg did in BOBW. Only 1 ship, pretty much capable of wiping out the "enemy" here
All the time, only because I find it more fun defending people than attacking them.
You just know if NI held a similar referendum to us, they wouldn't have every English MP and celebrity going over and begging them to vote against leaving the UK and how we are "Better together"
What difference does it make that his friend was Jewish?
Hurray..... We are fucked.
Behave.
England are our neighbours... not the UK government You do understand the difference? Next you'll be telling us having a go at Donald Trump is anti American. Hopefully you're just attempting to troll and failing badly here.
You've spelt it out rather well. You're a shite troll. We understand.
No mate. Just you. Horrific one at that, You sound like a VL
They don't even have Nuclear weapons
&gt; The man has no real qualifications slating the SNP is all the qualifications you need these days to justify getting a column
Labour despise its Independence supporting voters/members. During the indyref, they treated them like lepers. They don't want them in the party.
That speech seems more about saving the union than leaving the EU
"Preservation of the union will be at the heart of everything we do"
One of the reason given that Scotland couldn't have a "special status" within the EU was down to the fact it would mean us and England would have an open border with different immigration polices. No idea how it will work over there
Ugh, what does his Euro myth persist. Facts are, UK will have an open border with the EU. Apparently this would be good between ROI and NI, but not Scotland and England, if Scotland got this "special status" as we need immigration
RIP UK 1707 - 2019 Can't say you'll be missed
Must have been my imagination seeing all they English MPs, celebrities and campaign groups coming up here begging us for a no vote.
What heartlands?
It's amazing people still go on about this Spanish veto myth. You'd think Scotland is the only country within Europe that the EU doesn't want as a member.
&gt; Support for independence has not increased since the referendum, even in the face of the brexit vote. Yes, but we haven't been campaigning for Independence since 2014. In fact you could argue it's amazing the support has still held up despite active anti independence campaigning from the unionist parties since 2014.
No... We haven't. Lol
Word of advice..... Don't just read a headline
You liar. No you didn't
24 hour Subway please
Give them a break, they've only been talking about expanding the subway for around 20 years. Bound to happen anyday now
Have you fallen on your head?
You're clutching at straws now. Must be upset knowing despite the constant anti independence campaigning from the regional parties that support has dropped. I suspect the worry is, if we have another referendum, the unionist know they don't have the luxury this time to piss away such a massive lead.
He is the UK Government representative to Scotland, He does what is in the best interest of the UK government, if that isn't in the best interest of Scotland. Then do be it. They really should just abolish the post. He is getting paid a cabinet minister wage for doing not a really lot
&gt; They rejected outright the idea of Scotland joining the EU No they didn't this is a myth. Scotland leaving the UK would be entirely legal and constitutional. Spain argues Catalonia independence would be unconstitutional, they don't see a border in Spain, Catalonia and the basque country are Spanish in their eyes, they have no legal means to declare independence from Spain. You cannot compare Scotland with it. Chalk and cheese EDIT: Quote from the Spanish foreign minister back in 2014 Spanish foreign minister José-Manuel García-Margallo was asked about Spain’s response to Scottish independence, and insisted that the two situations were “fundamentally different”. Pressed on the issue, he replied: “If Britain’s constitutional order allows – and it seems that it does allow – Scotland to choose independence, we have nothing to say about this.”
&gt; Spain threatened to block Scottish access to the EU, Again, they didn't.
They did not. Of course it was from 2014, as that was when we had our referendum. That is when the question of the "Spanish veto" was discussed and quickly dismissed for the reasons I had given.
&gt; Stop clutching at straws. I think you are the one clutching at straws here. Spain has never said they would block Scotland from joining the EU. You'll be good enough to provide me a quote from them saying otherwise. Not even the Unionist parties here use the Spanish argument because they know its a nonsense one. It's laughable and slightly embarrassing you would compare the situation in Spain with Scotland. Fuck sake, even the Spanish Government know it isn't the same. So please, do yourself a favour, don't pretend you know better than them on the situation.
You do understand the difference between Scotland seeking a special deal while remaining part of the UK and Scotland seeking to continue being a EU country if we became independent? Obviously not. Take your own advice, stop your nonsense. It's laughable
&gt; Spanish govt has clearer stated they would only negotiate with the UK govt Of course they would. Brexit is an internal matter for the UK. That isn't the argument. You claim Spain have rejected the idea of Scotland joining the EU This is not true. Take your medicine and accept you're in the wrong here. Thanks you. For making an arse of yourself. It's been a pleasure
Whatever mate. You made an arse of yourself be getting it wrong. You obviously can't stand being shown up. Tough, you just need to accept it
But we know it's not as simple as that. Labour even used to say something similar during the Thatcher years
Be interesting to see how Murray votes, since he is technically a UK Labour MP, not a Scottish one
Could Scottish Labour financially afford to go it alone? I do wonder how many card carrying members they have in Scotland don't actually support "Scottish" Labour, but the UK party
No imagination go into movie posters these days? I feel like I've seen this style of poster a ridiculous amount of times in recent years
I'm shocked Not really
Hit on everyone.
&gt; axanar looked better than anything they have produced with pennies. lol wut? You have to be joking, Axanar was making a war film. It was bang average at best.
&gt; that's why they shut it down, because it was good. I know, Its not as if any writer working on a Star Trek show could have came up with the idea of showing a war between the Federation and Klingons. Such an original concept, I can see why Paramount/CBS wanted it shut down.
The funny thing is if this was brought up before the vote, we know Westminster would still have voted to renew and chances are this would have blown over by now. Now, all the UK government has successfully done is make themselves out to be liars who hide the truth from Parliament
Is that the organisation who use creditable individuals such as Tom Gallagher and Jill Stephenson to speak for them?
Of course they should. Happy enough to boast when the test was successful. These tests are monitored anyways, one of the reasons they announce in advance. It's hardly a secret. Chances are, the test failure wasn't a secret to foreign governments, but it was kept a secret from our own parliament
Pro Trump marches and rallies planned for April 15* * Alternative facts
I think it would be naive to believe they didn't know. Apart from the fact we are constantly spying on each other, a missile test would not go unnoticed off the US coast, and even if they didn't know in advance this was planned, they probably knew very quickly what it was and if it was a failure or not. To quote an article today on the subject... "Russia almost certainly knew about it, if the experience of previous tests is anything to go by. During the 2012 launch, two Russian spy ships were in the vicinity, monitoring the launch. According to The Silent Deep, a detailed look at the UK’s nuclear submarines by Peter Hennessy and James Jinks, the Russian commander sent a message afterwards: “Bravo November, this is Russian warship. We sincerely congratulate crew of your ship with the successful completion of the ballistic missile Trident II launch exercise.” EDIT: Michael Fallon has just confirmed in parliament it was also a demonstration as well as a test, "Prior to conducting the test fire the UK strictly adheres to all treaty obligations, notified the relevant nations and other interested parties" So, its safe the say the Russians knew
See my edit regarding Michael Fallon comments to Parliament this afternoon. I'm also assuming if you're going to test fire a dummy trident missle towards the west coast of Africa, you'd need to inform a lot of nations of this, Just in case there is a mix up.
I don't know why you're arguing this. As I said before, you'd need to be very naive to believe the Russians didn't know his was a Trident test and it was a failure (if reports of it being a failure are true that is)
That can't be right, apparently without Trident, Helensburgh would turn into a shanty down.
The most powerful devolved parliament in the world, within a nation of equals
Just watching a DUP spokesman on the BBC, he sounded pretty pleased the devolved parliaments won't get a say on the basis "We are British"
That makes no sense. You do understand the meaning of equal?
You sure? Unless you're arguing that the UK should not be a nation of equals.
Watching the BBC, some DUP spokesman (I didn't catch his name) sounded happy that the devolved parliaments won't get a say.
Michelle Mone will get a bigger say than the Scottish parliament. Just let that sink in
Yes. And 2 of the 4 nations that make up the UK voted to remain. Are you suggesting the nations of equals promise was just nonsense? Unless you're trying to argue, whatever nation of the UK has the biggest population by default should get to decide for the rest of us what direction to take the UK is somehow equal? I'm still convinced some people don't understand the meaning
You're idea of fairness is pretty baffling to me. I guess we are lucky we have a parliament with MPs from one of the nations are not the overwhelmingly majority who will get to makes these decisions on our behalf
So when is it relevant?
The Scottish government did, It argued before the referendum that all 4 nations would have to vote in favour to leave in order for the UK as a whole to leave the EU , not allowing one nation to get the decided simply based on its population size Especially as we had been constantly reminded the UK is a "partnership of equals" UK government rejected the proposal. Bet Cameron regrets that one
Yet English votes can take Scotland and NI out the EU? Bizarre situation to be in. Probably need to rethink the name United Kingdom.
Well it really does. A one size fits all policy doesn't work for the UK (Just look at NI). Why do you think we have devolved parliaments to begin with. Scotland, NI, (and Gibraltar) vote to remain. England and Wales voted to leave.
Strange question as I nor the Scottish Gov ever suggested it should be. Again, I can't believe I need to keep asking this, but do some people not understand what equals mean, as in a nation of equals?
&gt; Northern Ireland is worth far more than the a vote from someone in England. This violates the principle of one person, one vote which is a pretty fundamental tenet of democracy. A proportional referendum is not democratic. As things stand, a vote from someone in England is worth more than a vote than someone from anywhere else in the UK. Maybe, if all 4 nations within the UK had the same number of MP's in parliament. Then we could make decisions as an actual United Kingdom. Stay in the UK and accept it or leave? So people shouldn't argue for change or something they believe in?, just suck it up and accept it. It's that attitude of no comprising that is tearing the UK apart. PS , Scotland is a country. (Shock horror it was around before the act of union, it didn't disappear) Not even our own unionists disagree with this. But that is another argument for a different day day.
If you're happy with the current political set up we have in the UK meaning that one region within the UK has the power either through its population size or its MP numbers in parliament can made decision for the rest of the UK.... Such as leaving the EU. That is fine, that is what you believe. I'm not trying to convince you to change your mind I just wish you had a backbone when defending this system for what it is instead of pretending its something its not.
Lol, wut? You do understand the difference between a region and a country? For a laugh though, explain to us, how legally and constitutionally somewhere like say Ayrshire can leave Scotland? This should be fun.
Scotland, Wales and NI rejected the Conservative party and its policies at the ballot box. (Include the referendum of our membership of the EU) England, voted for them. You're trying to compare chalk and cheese
Scotland is a country champ. Don't embarrassed yourself on this one. Ayrshire doesn't. I did ask for it to be explain exactly how Ayrshire could legally and constitutionally leave Scotland. I didn't get an answer Do I need to ask again or will I receive another laughable deflection?
Except under Scots law. Honestly, do I really need to ask if you know the difference between a country and a sovereign state? Behave. Even the likes of Ukraine was still a country while part of the Soviet Union. If that's you're final answer, you've given me the wrong answer. I wasn't asking for your own personally opinion either.
Did you bother to read my question?
You are willing to accept it if you agree with the current political set up. I've said it before, a One size fits all policy doesn't work for the UK. Why do you think we even have devolved parliaments to begin with? To suggest this is a partnership of equals* (Copyright UK Gov) is laughable at best
Do you really need the difference spelt out to you? Good grief.
Ugh. God, you're like a child. I hope you're just ignorant. It's the least embarrassing option for you now.
I'm not you're school teacher. If you don't understand the simple and basic differences between a region and a country. I suggest you go do some research on the matter.
Of course it's not irrelevant. It's this attitude that is tearing the UK apart.
You're right. Despite the fact the people of Scotland, Wales and NI rejected the Tory manifesto that proposed a referendum on our EU membership, and despite the fact 2 out of the 4 countries voted to remain within the EU. We are now leaving it. Obviously it's not the suck it up and accept it attitude that is in the wrong here, causing issues here.
Off screen someone is standing with a sticky bomb in hand
Depends... Saying you support a terrorist organisation isn't a crime. But if you're funding, recruiting etc... for them. Then yeah that is a crime
I think the rest of the UK really don't give a fuck about NI. Including the politicians
We still have to watch this video as part of our fire safety training. Never gets any easier to view
Motherwell rules
I don't understand how that can be considered as justice
Shame Teresa May is a spineless coward
I don't have an issue if politicians want to meet up and kill each other.
That makes me ridiculously angry.
What do you expect. Have people forgotten about the "go home" vans she sent around London?
Ignorance is bliss eh?
Too little too late if she did
Of course he shouldn't be banned. Besides he's probably entitled to a UK passport since his mother is from Scotland. What we shouldn't be doing is rolling out the red carpet for him and cut out the arse licking.
We know, she has said it before. I don't have a problem with the party policy being against Independence. Its the hostility towards it, not to mention the way they treated its own members who support or are even sympathetic towards the suggestion Scotland would be better leaving the union. They simple don't want any indy supporters within the party, hence why they treat them like lepers hoping they'll quit. If they go down the route of asking them to leave, all it does is give people another compassion with the Tories (As Ruth who claims she wants to govern for everyone in Scotland.... did say she would ask indy supporting Tories to leave the party) It's hilarious when she claims they are not a "Unionist party" despite putting the union above all else... A new act of union FFS, and telling us at the start of the year that 2017 was all about saving the union!
Yer maws a boiler, has a nice ring to it
Terrorist* who liked...
Quick reminder about May and her Government - She was the one that sent vans around London telling people to go home. They also suggesting companies should provided lists of foreign workers It's hardly a shock she is rolling out the red carpet for Trump.
Did you read the story? Nobody is talking about banning him, we shouldn't be rolling out the red carpet for him.
Uh, no they didn't. It's a protest/ petition about him receiving a state visit. Also, it was the UK not just England. Glad to have helped cleared this up
It's disgusting.
&gt; A necessary evil Nonsense. It is not necessary for us to have them.
Not just mine... Nor just the opinion of 2 former defence secretaries Even the military think its a waste of money that is nothing more than a political took But obviously know better.
It's not a ban, you know how I know this? I can read
Very disappointed, hopefully they will do him justice this season as he has been wasted so far
Just because a party might only stand within 1 country of the UK doesn't means they don't deserve representation or a national platform We need to put up with UKIP after all I would imagine the rUK moan about it is because they don't have a clue about devolved politics, they only really have 2 realistic choices
Glasgow's guide to Glasgow You won't be short on things to see or do in either city https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/5yt5cg/rglasgows_guide_to_glasgow/
Doing yourself a disservice if you don't go for a curry
If they are represented in parliament they should receive an invite. They've earned the right
Don't be a dick
He's certainly a person I'd be interested in giving a boot to the baws
Scottish Labour have single handily made the Labour brand toxic in Scotland That is an incredible achievement. It's even more amazing that UK Labour seem to be ok with how they've handled things up here. Personally I would vote for Corbyn, but you can't vote Labour up here without giving your vote to Scottish Labour and that is something I will not do. It's even more laughable that both Scottish Labour and the Scottish Lib Dems said during the last GE campaign they wanted to win over independence supporters, yet within a few years they've decided to go full unionist
The way the designers wanted it
Isn't this an episode from Trailer Park Boys?
They not having reunification talks as we speak?
I see Patrick Harvie a lot cycling around the city. He doesn't wear a helmet, which surprised me
UK &amp; Ireland bid.
The SNP are going to walk this election, nobody will even come close to them in Scotland in terms of winning seats. But we already know if they win anything less than 56, it will be portrait as a disaster and a set back to independence It's so predictable
You're trying too hard again. Calm down or you'll end up biting someone ear off
It was so bad it was almost laughable. The West of Scotland University even done a study on it, which was very damning. https://www.opendemocracy.net/ourkingdom/john-robertson/bbc-bias-and-scots-referendum-new-report They are unbelievably biased, a total government mouthpiece. They also seem to get a hardon over UKIP, they pretty much single handily promote a party that has only had 1 (albeit briefly) MP
Someone remind me how many billions it's going to cost to refurbished Westminster? I'll assume that cash is coming from the magic money tree
Almost as bad as a half and half scarf
Honesty, he's terrible. They'd be better off with Teemu Pukki or Daryl Murphy
Are you Joey Barton?
I remember that from a Simpson episode
That isn't war, It's sport
How bitter and pathetic does she sound. Proper toys out the pram stuff. She can't get elected, has to rely on the list. She was an utter failure as a deputy leader than helped overseen the 2015 GE disaster She has been an utter failure of a leader so far, helping oversee an Holyrood campaign that allowed the Tories to gain more seats, and get battering at the council elections. I'm more interested in hearing why she thinks Labour has become a toxic brand in Scotland, does she not maybe, just maybe think she is part of the problem and not the solution? I couldn't care less about who she would go out for a pint with
You missed - Increase drink driving limit Scrap the Barnett formula Bring back smoking in pubs/clubs No more additional powers to the Scottish parliament Cut back the number of senior Scottish ministers in Holyrood Close down the Scottish parliament foreign diplomacy Abandoned the current Land Reform Act Repealing the air gun licensing Bring back the Right to buy Support trident renewal Support the breakup of police Scotland Remove Gaelic signage in areas out with the western isles Withdraw funding towards renewable energy
That sounded more like a campaign speech from her, rather than one designed to reassure people
People die because of Tory policies It's not really a difficult decision Edit: not sure why the down votes, since it's true. http://www.ox.ac.uk/news/2017-02-20-30000-excess-deaths-2015-linked-cuts-health-and-social-care# [Especially if you're disabled](https://youtu.be/jBGCyipyAco)
Pretty sure we have a few Gaelic schools in Glasgow these days also
I honestly believe a lot of people vote based on soundbites
Snipers - Play the objective or piss off and play operations You're useless on small maps such as Rush and especially War Pigeons Sitting at the back of the map on a ledge helps nobody except for your K/D I would kick you from my team if I could. Lost count of number of times I've had games ruined.
Why would Bale want to take the step down?
You can have a beer inside the ground in Scotland, what you're not allowed is to have it in view of the field for some bizarre reason
Guess I'll be the one to congratulate the pilot on a fantastic kill
Not all heroes wear capes... Except for you obviously
Slightly off topic I know But some of the baby boomers generation really do seem to have an undeserved sense of entitlement, I think sometimes they need reminding it wasn't them who fought in the war. They seem rather happy to fuck over the younger generation
Stay classy England
Ooft, someone is a bit sensitive. I'm guessing it's out of embarrassment
Yes, it would look daft.
The answer to all your questions and more https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/5yt5cg/rglasgows_guide_to_glasgow/
Trust me The water doesn't get warm no matter the time of year here.
Aye
Irn Bru or square sausage?
You need a wee cuddle?
No problem, just don't cry on my shoulder too much please
Unionist questions are so tedious and predictable
Thank fuck, I hate the sunshine
"Both nude men were ordered to hand over their wallets" Wait, what?
Have you tried contacting your MSP or whoever might be your next MP to put pressure on these companies? You're right, it is ridiculous
I usually just crouch behind a wall with my shotgun. Shooting fish in a barrels would be an understatement
I hope this story ends with you growing up and punching fuck out of him one day
I hate this attitude. Besides it takes you 5 minutes to vote FFS.
Hardly a ringing endorsement for the Union, Has support for the Union ever gotten above 55% since 2014?
Scotland hasn't voted Tory since the 1950's
Because, they'll just make him angry and you wouldn't like him when he's angry
Yeah Scotland suffered some horrific casualties during both world wars From the top of my head, I think we lost 3.1% of our adult male population during the First World War The Russians recently recognised the role carried out by Scots during WW2 who used to run the artic convoy that helped kept them in the war with vital supplies with an Artic Star
Aye, she was a right cow
I was typing that from memory [Clicky](http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/news/13296055.Russian_honour_for_Scots_Arctic_convoy_heroes/) *SCOTTISH veterans of the Second World War's Arctic convoys were honoured at a special ceremony in the City Chambers* *They were presented with the Ushakov medal by Russian Consul General Andrey Pritsepov.*
Do you always answer a question with another question to avoiding answering the original question?
Remindme! 12 hours
He never blinks
Idiots Zero sympathy
No holding back from McKenna, he is right mind
This just seems a bit pointless, IMO. Cinemas and Hollywood movies are for everyone Besides I'm pretty sure the character wasn't even created by a women
Correct. It's just beyond ridiculous
Most taxi have a flat fare charge, but I reckon the airport bus is the cheapest. It's really quick, from memory it only takes around 20/25 minutes and you have a bus every 15 minutes
That's right, remember the uproar because Muirfield had a male members only policy
^^^ This cunt gets it
The Scottish Sun is backing the SNP today
Sorry to be the dick to point this out, but it wasn't the British navy. It was the English navy, the U.K. Isn't that old
FPTP is a disgrace of a system in this day and age, it will never change sadly
I love a bit of history
Relax, just do what you normally do., following the instructions. Remember to keep checking your mirrors and watch your speed Especially if you're going to be near a school at lunchtime, speed restrictions will come into play
I remember my tester said something similar, I couldn't see a safe place and just told them I don't feel comfortable stopping on this road as a result, he seemed absolutely fine with that
Where does this anti English myth come from? From memory I'm sure English people are the largest group of non Scots living here. Like anywhere in the world, don't be a dick to people and you'll be fine.
Correct, it's a disgrace we still have it.
Northern Ireland just lumped in as one region?
If you vote Tory you deserve everything you get.
Scottish Labour don't support Corbyn. Unfortunately you can't vote for UK Labour up here and me personally, I won't vote for Scottish Labour as a vote for them is an endorsement of Kezia and the rest
For me it depends on the mode. I've seen players sitting back sniping in War Pigeons. I can't get my head around that one
Imagine using WW1 weapons on a WW1 game. What are the developers thinking?
And? Besides I'd think the Tories know they'd be fucked without it
Obvious questions here... But is this legal?
Or forgive
No, it would force parties to work together.
Basically John is saying he isn't good enough for Celtic
Did anyone tell them a minutes silent was planned?
Easier said than done in all fairness.
Alright Now I'm confused, what words are it people are struggling to understand here? It all looks perfectly cromulent to me
Clype is a Scottish word, basically means a snitch Grass = see Clype Nic = Nicola Sturgeon Nats = Scottish National Party Kez = Kezia Dugdale
SNP, Green party of England and Wales or the Scottish Greens, Lib Dems
I see Scottish Labour are already trying to give the credit to Dugdale over Corbyn for any potential seats won in Scotland Backstabbing arseholes
For what? You're still miles behind the SNP, and your new MPs can't exactly help you thanks to EVEL which you ironically brought in because of the SNP Anyways, how's that majority coming along? Looking forward to the Irish bigots propping you up?
You need to keep things in perspective, they are still a country miles behind the SNP in a very distant 2nd
Won't be long until the DUP ask you to start flogging the gays in return for support. Can't help but notice you avoided my other points. I guess you realise a defeat is still a defeat
Don't know why you think that's funny, especially if you know the DUP polices towards gay people. A lot of them still literally believe you're the work of the devil. But aye, good luck with trying to cobble that majority together
Looks like EVEL could fuck the Tories over. Lovely
Both Scottish Labour and Scottish Lib Dems on the radio celebrating last night result as a victory for the union. I think it just really confirms that they both have decided to position themselves as a ultra unionist party.
Exactly.
Difference between being against independence and realigning yourself as a hard unionist party.
You couldn't have paying much attention then
You'd guess wrong. Bit strange you've decided to randomly make something up, simply because you didn't like my observation on the Lib Dems and Scottish Labour
No bother pal. You're just trying too hard now
I've heard better patter from a VL, now off you pop
Don't forget anti evolution
Who gives a fuck what Nigel Farage or UKIP think anyone. Time for the BBC to stop giving them a platform, they got an absolute horsing last night
2 rolls and square sausage washed down with a can of Irn Bru
Rather easily We took a Newcastle United reserve team keeper who I don't believe even sat on the bench for them and turned him into a £12m worth international capped England keeper within a few years
Good entertainment for me
Great memory. And thanks, he turned out to be a great keeper for us
The only positive is now they will be getting national exposure and attention which shows them up for what they really are. Before they could pretty much get away with anything as the rest of the UK doesn't know or care about politics in NI
Scottish money doesn't have the Queen on it 😉
If her or the Tories really cared, they should have said something long ago to the DUP The DUP won't change its views, if it does it loses its voters
I like Michael Higgins, he came to Scotland last year and read a poem in the Scottish parliament
Don't worry, I'm sure the little England club will now have the same attitudes towards you guys as they do us Mind you, not sure the right wing English media will be as harsh since the DUP are pro UK
I know im biased, But I still cant' believe Joe Hart gets a game ahead of Fraser Forster
I do love some ignorance
He's miles better than Joe "uncharacteristic mistake" Hart
English players look like they are missing some match sharpness
Feels like its turned into a lazy end of season friendly
If its a decent day, you should consider West in Glasgow Green, good food, good beer and you can sit outside
Thumbs up
Who is?
Consider yourself lucky England. Imagine you had been playing San Marino
Would have saved both they free kicks
I have.
Football It just wrecks your life
Where in Scotland are you from mate?
So where abouts mate?
I asked the question first Where are you from mate?
Why so upset at a simple question?
Roger, roger
Honestly It looks much better than I imagined
Something has to done about tank campers, to bad enough that they camp but it also denied a lot of players the opportunity to take one also Or at the very least, if you take a certain amount of damage, you shouldn't be able to repair it back up to 100% Maybe something like 75% &gt;&gt; 100% 50% &gt;&gt; 75% 25% &gt;&gt; 50% 1% &gt;&gt; 25%
Her head is so far up her own arse it's unbelievable.
You can't take a shite in the bin anymore? Sturgeon must go, we've turned into a nanny state. Unacceptable
Disagree about the use of the word Cunt It's pretty much an everyday word that can be used to describe a male or female in both a positive or negative light I'd even go as far as saying it's a word most guys would use to describe another guy
Worth noting the majorly of DUP MPs are members of the Orange Order
Or acting like a fanny
To be honest, if players don't want to participate then that's fine, they shouldn't be forced to do it, it's only a game of football after all. I know for a fact the UK didn't come to a standstill for a minute silence either, some people did, others didn't. It's a personal choice As long as they respects others right to do so and don't cause any disruption I don't see an issue with it really
Let's be honest The majority don't really care, The DUP might see themselves as British but the reality most in England just see them as another Irishman Look at the reaction of the government collapse in Stormont, it barely made the news
And look how hard you're criticising people who have a different view from you. Yeah I'm sure his sub is 90% males because the word cunt in Scotland is used frequently Feel free to have an opinion or call someone out as you put it, but don't complain if someone disagrees with you. Using your logic calling someone a bawbag is a gender slur, wouldn't you agree or is that one ok?
If someone is giving you abuse, report it or block the user. Of course you're complaining. You've taken the hardline attitude that you are right and everyone else is wrong. So you don't have a problem with male gender slurs? Fair enough, at least you're honest about your double standards and your lack of empathy towards anyone who is abused with they words. I'll say it again, everyone has the right to an opinion but that doesn't mean you have the right to go unchallenged. Are you suggesting that men are privileged? If that's the case you'd need to wonder why our suicide rates are so horrifically high Again, I'll need to ask. Do you believe this sub is 90% male because people use the word cunt? If true, what keeps you here? I'm getting the impression you're just looking for an argument for the sake of arguing to be honest, you've taken a single common word out of context and bizarrely turned in some rant about men hating women for simply being women.
Half the sub? Nah, don't worry you haven't gotten that much attention, you can deflate your ego a little. The most privileged individual in the country isn't a man, its a women sitting on a throne and rides in a golden carriage after all Nah, despite your condescending attitude, sorry men are not born privileged. If you don't believe me, take a visit to areas in Glasgow such as Carlton or Milton (I know this from experience) and you'll very quickly see no man nor women is privileged. Your average guy can be born into things such as poverty as easily as your average women, they can suffer from harassment, racism, abuse etc... Ah, so you have absolutely no evidence to support your opinion using the word cunt might be a reason why this sub is mostly male? You're just making an assumption based on your own misconceptions of the word. Thanks for clearing that up. I consider it's your aggressive attitude towards men that might be a contributing reason why women don't post on this sub. See, it's easy to make suggestions without anything to back it up with. Still convinced you're arguing for the sake of arguing.
Thanks for taking one part of my comment out of context If someone doesn't want to participate then they shouldn't be forced to do it. It's that simple Some would have had James McClean lynched for not wearing a poppy on his kit, but he was well within his rights to refuse.
Well said. Worth remembering the meaning of words can change over time. For example If you asked someone from the late 19th century / early 20th century what does faggot and gay mean you'd get a far different answer than if you asked someone today
Aye, sure I will cheers Hope your day improves
In short Anti catholic bigots
I'd pay good money to have Dennis as a playable character
Not all heroes wear capes Some carry umbrellas
You don't have to be insanely patriotic to point out to someone you're not English
Considering the weather, I'm amazed at how new and shiny looking the Hydro roof still is
They won Scotland
Yes. 3rd largest party and we don't have a majority government. Why do you think the Tories are desperate to do a deal with the DUP. The SNP won Scotland, you can try and spin it anyway you like, but them are the facts
We voted against the SNP being the largest party in Scotland? No bother, think you're slightly confused about how things work mate
Huh? The Lib Dems was in a coalition with the Tories, did you forget? Or don't you understand how a parliamentary democracy works? The SNP are in government in Scotland, did you forget that also? I didn't say they won the election, I said they won Scotland. You should know that is what I said since you quoted it Mate, give it up. Your straw clutching is embarrassing. Like it or not, the SNP won Scotland, you'll just need to accept that
You're just making no sense. The 2014 referendum had nothing to do with the 2017 GE In that election, the SNP won more seats than every other party combined in Scotland. How much clearly can I make it? If you can't accept that simple fact or perhaps too bitter to admit it, then that is a problem for you.
Aye, no bother pal. Don't let your bitterness get in the way of a simple fact
Ugh, give it a rest. If it makes you feel better I'm not an SNP voter, I just don't get blinded by the facts. We have different rules for Scottish and NI MPs than England and Welsh MPs in Westminster thanks to EVEL The SNP won Scotland... again If you can't accept that. Then tough titty
Finally, things are starting to look up
Yeah, I've always thought you shouldn't be able to repair any vehicle 100% if its taken more than say 25% damage
You should upload this to PornHub, its pure filth
Buckaroo You're welcome
Belter
Glad they told her to do one
Off topic But in my opinion the original towers are far superior looking than the new one
Don't blame them Aberdeen is cold. I'd run away if I was living there also
To play devils advocate for a moment If they knew it had been installed incorrectly and was a danger, then why was the daughter allowed anywhere near it?
For me personally, one of the charms I found about Enterprise was that the Captain and crew was untested and Starfleet had zero experience when it came to space exploration. The ship relative speaking, was unimpressive, small, poorly armed not well defended, and they had a lack of a massive fleet to help back them up if needed. I enjoyed them being the underdog in just about every situation. The galaxy seemed a whole lot bigger and the odds of surviving any encounters with a potential hostile species a lot longer. It really felt more like pushing the boundaries of the final frontier Whereas, the further in the future. What will we see? Bigger and faster ships, more advanced technology, pretty much knowing what to do or how to handle every situation, flying about as the top dogs with only a limited number of people capable of challenging them both technological and experience wise, etc... Considering the size of the galaxy, I would think having ships capable of traveling to other galaxies is OTT for the show. Surely we can still tell plenty of interesting stories within in Milky Way I know i'm probably in the minority, but I've honestly got no interested in going further into the future
So fuck. If you're aware of a danger that could hurt you, play park or not, why the fuck would you go near the thing until its sorted?
As much as it pains me to say but Glasgow isn't the capital of Scotland. Edinburgh is
From the party who ran on neither a liberal or democratic platform but a unionist one with the message being you need to keep out the SNP at all costs despite the fact the SNP are not in government Basically the Lib Dems are upset they didn't win enough of the unionist vote
The Tories are the challengers, they are the party of government. A vote for them is an endorsement. To be honest, sounds like sour grapes from the Lib Dems, if they didn't do enough to get elected they should blame themselves not point the finger at the SNP. Edit: Forget to say you could argue all the unionist parties had ran a dishonest campaign in Scotland making the election about the SNP and devolved issues
Now it makes sense why McInness turned down Sunderland to stay at Aberdeen Ronaldo must be on his way to replace Niall McGinn
Living a life of privilege probably helps
You need to take your mouth out for a shite
Must admit, the constant grinding involved just to make any sort of meaningful cash, bored the hell out of me. I gave up after a while
"Lack of gratitude" Behave
Braveheart? Naw, just naw
Tank campers Vehicles in general, if they've taken a certain amount of damage, you shouldn't be able to repair it back to 100% Snipers who don't play the objective. Sitting at the back of the map while we are trying to attack or defend an object helps nobody Spawning. You kill a player and someone magically spawns directly in front of you giving you very little time to react or while you're reloading
Religion, what a farce
Not 100% sure if true but I'm sure I've read it's not used in Scotland and NI either, only England and Wales da legal
I think today it can sometimes be easily forgotten how good the likes of Ronaldinho, the original Ronaldo, Zidane, Paddy McCourt etc... had been because we are so used to seeing Messi &amp; the Portuguese Ronaldo
I think it makes a big difference that it's in the UK, considering the guns laws if means your average person only real defence is to run.
No cunt leaves here till we find out what cunt let the zombies in
He's saying your cunts are just as big as cunts as our cunts
Its been terrible so far Are we going to have a situation every time a goal is scored the ref is going to ask the VAR for assistance? I love that raw emotion from players and fans when a ball hits the back of the net, but soon you won't get that. Everyone will just stand about in silence for a few minutes until the VAR gives the ok. Ruins the atmosphere in my opinion
They should consider renaming this game Battlefront Hellriegel Apparently it's the only weapon in the game that isn't a sniper rifle
He's probably looking to cash in on 72 years worth of royalties
I'm impressed with your Scots
Of course it's got nothing to do with her being terrible, obviously because she is a women
The guy is a bit of a fanny. I find it pretty laughable he can be described as a political commentator
Hyndland is a great area. I'd certainly recommend it I'll echo other comments, please don't buy and rent it out to students. Plenty of student accommodation across the city.
Of course it was Linfield. Football Jesus wasn't going to let us draw anyone else. Hopefully we will put at least 10 past them
Can I just leave a small tip? Smoke grenades are a fantastic tool. It's good for upsetting snipers, and helpful when defending a choke point. Run towards an objective, drop a smoke grenade. Works just about every time
How many do you reckon we would need to score in Belfast before we see season tickets getting lit up like a bonfire?
Just a quick reminder, if anyone is thinking the tie might get switched with Linfield, our pitch is currently looking like a beach at the moment Also the early rounds are always on the Season Ticket so if we did switched the tie not only would we need to find another stadium but one that can accommodate ST holders. Only realistic option would be Murrayfield
Our pitch it looking like a beach at the moment. I couldn't see the tie being swapped unless we are willing to play elsewhere. But since the game will be on the ST the only stadium big enough would be Murrayfield
Our pitch has been dug up, it's looking like a beach at the moment. The game is on the ST, the only other stadium in Scotland that is large enough to accommodate would be Murrayfield, that is of course if Celtic are willing to play elsewhere since it would cost more than a pretty penny to rent out Murrayfield and do the necessary changes to it. The game will go ahead in Belfast on the 11th or 12th, No doubts about it. Games are played all across Europe with political baggage, UEFA have yet to stop them from going ahead We are not going to see any riots break out either. People tend to overreact in these situations. I remember talk about Glasgow being burnt to the ground at the first Celtic v Rangers games last season.
Season Ticket
Apparently the game is going to be scheduled for the 11th with an early kick off, no objections from the PSNI If local media is to be believed
If there is any sort of safety concerns the game should be moved to a neutral venue. UEFA have done this in the past Although I suspect neither club wants this
On a serious note. If the safety of the traveling clubs and fans can't be guaranteed, then surely UEFA would need to consider a switch to a neutral venue outside of NI? It has happened in the past with clubs
I just want to say. Tom Rogic, you are magnificent.
I'm Scottish, I don't have a clue
Good. If the likes of Arlene Foster have a problem with this, then tough shit. They can fuck right off
My ears bleed when you hear someone try to put the accent on in a film. The only convincing one I've heard is from Jonny Lee Miller, then against thats an east coast accent so im not sure how it holds up with the locals
Too small a stadium 😉
Didn't Glenn Hoddle have a similar academy in Spain?
They gave us Henrik Larsson That's all I need to know
The police museum is in merchant city, directly across from O'Neill on Merchant Square, above the Mexican restaurant.
Limmy's show is a good shout also for a Glaswegian accent
I just don't understand how you wouldn't notice yourself cooking after a while, or at least you'd think someone else might have pointed it out sooner
I always think the list system should be helping the smaller parties get representation within parliament I find it ridiculous when you have someone like Murdo who gets rejected time and time again by the voters yet managing to get in parliament via the list with accountability to practically nobody but his party You're right, people shouldn't be allowed to stand on both constituency and list.
So maybe he wasn't lying after all. https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6i1za7/argentina_128yearold_man_claims_he_is_adolf_hitler/?st=J45GIVUE&amp;sh=a1fb219a
They won't miss out, but even if they did I wouldn't shed a tear for RB franchise
The UK doesn't have a written constitution mind I suspect you understand the fragile nature of the peace we have in Northern Ireland but just don't care about the potential impacts of what will happen if it breaks down
This could easily be a scene from an Indiana Jones film
This is the pro EU Scotland flag you'll seen over here http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gb_sc-eu.gif Personally, I like it
I'm disappointed in the Scottish Government, I would have returned the letter with a big streak of shite on it after I used it to wipe my arse
Maryhill is pretty wild and near George Square
Nice Would love to see Union get promoted, we don't seem to have had many East German clubs in the Bundesliga since the fall of the wall
Scottish Labour have managed to turn Labour into a toxic brand.
Wait, what? That is a ridiculous amount! Gotta wonder why so many people are keen to sign up for Statfleet
I still think losing 10 people a year during peacetime is a horrific number!
Fuck off back to teuchterland with that weegie pish Edit: watched a few minutes of it. He's basically pretending he's a Ned with the put on accent It's woeful.
I must admit, I liked Regeneration, never understood why the hate
Was someone not trying to eye gouge or stamp?
Sorry for this daft question But why does the New Zealand team use white as its home colours and not black? Personally speaking, I think the all black looks great. It's pretty unique in international football
I don't have an issue with them playing loose with the cannon, if they don they really are restricting themselves. If given the choice I would have preferred it to be set in a new universe giving them a bit of a clean slate
As someone from a country with strict gun controls (I've never even seen a weapon in person) im curious, don't you learn about gun safety in school to help prepare people if they decide they want to own a firearm? Or can anyone just buy a gun without any sort of licence?
You think? I liked it, I assumed the Cube they met during Q Who was on its way already to earth after receiving the transmission to investigate Nice little loop in my opinion
Yeah that is what im meaning. I just find it ridiculous, I also very rarely get a chance to try out a tank or plane since the 1 player can spend almost the entire round in one
The only person being made fun of here if you
He was also in The Patriot Fantastic actor
We already have it here. Took years of work to get approved from the police and city council, fair play to them for putting the time and effort into it I can say it is fantastic, makes a massive difference to the atmosphere inside the stadium. Edit: Here is a short video from The Anfield Wrap visiting us last season to give you an idea what it's like https://youtu.be/kfQsZ1JLzRc
We've had fan reps from Liverpool up at Celtic park last season to see it in action As far as I was aware, it was a very positive experience
If you already have the Sonic 1 app, don't update it.
Ridiculous but not unexpected from this poor excuse of a government
Different material used in Scotland and NI. Plus the cladding on our building is not just for making it look pretty, it serves a practical purpose
Hope she has Reddit and can see how ridiculous she looks
Pot Still is the answer
Well if it isn't reserved it should be going to the Scottish parliament.
Can't help but think if the general election was a few weeks later Corbyn might have actually had a good chance to be PM right now
Correct Not only would it look ridiculous it would be ridiculous for a show in 2017 to limit its visual style from the 1960's I also think some people are quick to forget, this show isn't just for long time Star Trek fans, it's also for a new modern audience.
I can already see the 3rd filing ending with Dinosaurs ruling the earth once again
Feels like this is more of a political gesture from the army.
We don't have a pitch at the moment it's being relaid and won't be ready, and Linfield wanted the home tie first, if we gave them a pumping in Glasgow, people might not show up to the tie in Belfast, loss of income for them
We don't have a pitch at the moment. It's looking like a beach, it's been dug up to install new undersold heating. Wouldn't be ready, plus the only other stadium in Scotland big enough to accommodate our fans would have been Murrayfield in Edinburgh
She is a deluded clown.
You're not helping dispel the myths about Americans here
Anything about 18 is terrifying for me, I wish I was joking. I barely slept last week because of the heat it was around 20 most nights. Absolutely torture
Pretty sure he said something similar at the start of last season, the "going for 55" was just utter cringe If memory serves me right, we put 11 goals past them and pumped them out of both cups Gulf would be an understatement
I'm going to be honest, I think knowing in advanced thanks to the trailer that both the Cybermen and The Master was going to be in this episode kinda ruined it for me, no real surprise or mystery in the end
Italy. Zero lane discipline from drivers.
When you see the opposition team having 1 or more tank on the field. Please equipped appropriately and make an attempt to take it out. Gets a bit frustrating after a while being the only player trying to destroy a tank while others are happy to let him rack up the kills unchallenged
A new low for a Tory government
What a unimaginative name.
Apparently the magic money tree is also real
Pensioners who use public transport during rush hour. Just gonnae no
Im sure our newly elected Scottish Tory MPs will be ragin at this, looking forward hearing the outrage from them and standing up to May
Incredible amount of history you've missed out regarding the Act of Union and the Darien scheme Hopefully it was down to more ignorance than trying to airbrush it out of history
So it's ignorance then. Maybe next time you preach to others you might want to consider brushing up on your limited knowledge, it makes you look silly
That terminator reference is amazing. Wish I could up vote you more than once for it
Scottish Tories "standing up for Scotland" means they are having to justify why right wing religious fanatics are being given an extra £1bn from the money tree to help prop up Theresa May Government is a good thing for Scotland
UKIP actually put out leaflets telling people that a vote for Labour is a vote to be ruled by the Scots They fucking despise us, during the last GE they confirmed they wanted Barnett scrapped as they are sick of "shovelling English money over Hadrian wall"
Anything to help cut out the tank campers would be a welcome bonus
You a stand up?
Thought so
You need to start somewhere, if Shrewsbury can make it world They it will help the argument for clubs in higher leagues to use them as an example
The guy is an utter bawbag.
Massive difference between terracing and safe standing.
Brexit going to be a fucking disaster for the UK, you're deluded if you believe otherwise
Mundell and the rest of the Scottish Tory have zero influence over what is the weakest Tory PM in a lifetime Just let that sink in for a moment
How many people in the ROI actually support this? With all due respect to NI, but it is an absolute clusterfuck of a place with a lot of recent historical baggage thrown into the mix
Long overdue, I cannot understand why some people would refuse to donate organs after they die. They are dead after all
You don't need to be able to see the future to predict the clusterfuck coming
Nah, I don't accept mythical sky fairy as an acceptable excuse to hoard something that can be used to help others and potentially safe lives after you die
Once I'm dead I surprisingly couldn't care less.
It's not the NHS you'd be fucking over, it would be the individuals on the waiting list. Aye, I'll stick with my can't understand the selfish arseholes on this one. Especially if you're going out your way to be a dick about it because you've felt harshly done by. Kinda ironic
It amazes me how little people understand the act and why individuals such as myself oppose having a legal system that treats someone differently under the law simply because they enjoy football. Others are just SNP fanboys who won't accept that sometimes they get it wrong, or don't seem to understand football in Scotland consists of more than 2 clubs. It's not 1980 anymore folks. Funny enough, that wings article doesn't provided the freely available details of how many people are arrested under the act for sectarianism... Kinda ironic that he supports the act, considering anything deemed "offensive" can land you in court, while in the outside world being offensive isn't necessarily a crime, if it was no doubt he'd be up in court along with people such as Kelvin McKenzie and Katie Hopkins for causing offence I'm a ST holder at Celtic park, over the course of a season we will have easily over 1 millions fans attending the stadium. Arrest figures for games over a season are lucky to hit double figures, most of them are for simple things that would normally be considered as breech of the peace, but are now prosecuted under the act. Across the 42 senior clubs we have around 1,100 or more games played a year. Very very few have any sort of meaningful incidents. But of course, footballs fans are an easy group to demonise, if you take say T in the Park as an example of a large public event and look at the crime stats for it, you'd be horrified, from sexual assaults to attempted murder, not to mentioned the encouragement of binge drinking and drugs. Yet, the Scottish Government backed this event and even provided it with financial support! But football... despite it being one of if not the safety event you can attend in Scotland is looked upon as if going to a game is on par with taking a stroll down Baghdad
You say this as if these things had not already been an offensive prior to 2012 Or that being against the act is somehow supporting the above. Couldn't be further from the truth Why didn't you use my T in the park example and decided to mention the proms? Also, football doesn't have a bigger issue anymore than society as a whole does. Again. Over 1,100 games are played a year. You'd be lucky to count the number that result in incident on one hand.
If that's the case, then why wasn't the law changed to cover everyone in the country and not just one section? The act is indefensible.
People sing about religion every Sunday..... I ain't religious but I wouldn't go about denying someone the right to express freedom of religion. If the majorly of parliament wants it repealed then it should be or doesn't our democracy work like that anymore? Football can and does police itself, better than most public events. If you don't believe me, feel free to go look up the police stats. Attending a football game is far, far safer than going to T in the park, where the chances of real harm are much greater than your ears being offended. It's arguments like this that kinda help prove me point about the ignorance of people who don't understand the act or why people want it binned.
Religious hatred wasn't legal prior to 2012 you know. "Tough shit. Get over it." - Translation "I have no argument, shut up"
Parliament disagrees with it, we have a parliamentary democracy. You always this angry or just angry because you've realised you have no actual argument? Either way your mini breakdown has made me laugh, thanks
No bother. Hope you have a better argument than just telling her to shut up and accept it.
There is a massive difference between being racist, sexist, etc.. and offending someone
What's the difference between abusing someone based on skin colour or religion than offending someone because you farted on a train? Offending someone shouldn't be a crime Strange you should even ask the question
And the future name of a band
This. I can't be bothered grinding in multi player anymore
Sorry pal But that's just a load of nonsense, from start to finish. Again, it's amazing how people don't actually seem to understand what the act is. If it's a football problem, then it is a problem for all of society and last time I checked we are part of it. So why not have legislation that doesn't discriminate against only one section of our society? I know why, because if the Act was implemented for everyone, people would be absolutely outraged and rightly so. Even the courts know it's a pigs ear, so much so less than 300 people have been successful prosecution within 5 years. Keep things in prospective 5 years worth of football games you're talking easily over 5 millions fans attending games during that period. "Happening on a weekly basis" - Funny Police Scotland disagree with you, but I suppose you know better
I only started to watch this last week, delighted it's getting renewed it's hilarious. Compared with some of its other shows, Netflix don't really seem to promote it. It's was only by chance and boredom I decided to give it a go
You'd need a decent name for the party. Suggestions welcome obviously
I think anyone who uses that word should be shot into the sun.
I have real sympathy for the people who donated to this project. On the other hand, I hope Peters next shite is a hedgehog
"He added: “We have had numerous emails asking why the flag is not always flying outside this building." I'm struggling to believe that many people care
Kicking? Nah, having seen the size of some of these guys I'd be more worried about getting eaten
It's shite we have no real way of speaking out against the bigots.
Do you honestly believe we'd be allowed to protest? The amount of walks take the absolute piss. I could live with 1 or 2, but not this shite. Also, free speech doesn't give you the right to say what you like.
Behave ya weapon People are upset because they don't want a bunch of bigoted VL's marching down the street attention seeking
You tease
They might not be interested but just accepting it is helping normalise it. I ain't having that.
Decent beer in Belgium Fuck it, let him be King
Yeah, my old job I used to word 4 days on, 4 days off all year round. I'd get the bank holidays included in my annual leave.
Was listening to the John Beattie interview today with the Grand Master of the OO He wouldn't step foot in a Catholic Church because these are the rules of the OO, he said he doesn't make the rules he just follows them. Interesting the ban on OO members attending catholic funerals even if it's a friend or family member isn't anything to do with what "God" has commanded, it's a decided from the institution. It's a man made rule, yet they claim they are not bigots. He also attempted to play the victim card. Still can't believe they try and claim it's a parade when they are all dressed in what suspiciously looks like military uniforms marching to music
Not your avatar sadly
Unusual to see a German use the word Shite I approve
I don't understand what Manchester United have done wrong here
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? Edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
