&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet. Nah.
I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC. Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic. EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV. Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL. In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations. This just isn't true. You just target them in different ways. The millennials have been figured out for a while now. You need to offer value with your advertising. That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off. They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people. Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media. It works incredibly well.
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions. While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition. This is not the case for cheerleading.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem. Medical problems are personal problems. He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected. FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task. If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really. I'd almost argue the opposite. In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work. If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work. Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league. NYCFC really isn't any different. It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack. Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it. Yeah pretty much. The point is none of the teams themselves are organic. Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there. The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans. We're just more negative.
Ok and then you can say the same to literally everyone else bashing them. Judge them in their third year, not their third month. Or can you only judge them if you have a negative opinion. Also, launch to market is a huge indicator of success further down the line. They have created great top of mind awareness and built great momentum in their brand equity in a busy market with a high barrier to entry. I'm judging them on the terms of the article. They are doing a lot better than any other MLS team I've seen that has launched in a saturated market.
&gt; Does Fifa get paid based off number of viewers for the world cup or have they already sold the right for T.v. for this world cup for a set amount? In a roundabout way, yes. # of viewers will absolutely effect their future contract negotiations.
Dude honestly I don't care enough about this topic to really read everything you wrote, sorry. Just skimming: Chivas USA failed because of bad management, marketing, and apathy. NYCFC could easily avoid their pitfalls. There is too much money to be made for them to simply "stop caring" and having 2 organizations in the ownership group helps prevent this. &gt;and I just don't see how throwing more money at the problem solves the problem Look at the current state of the Yankees and Man City. Their current ownerships (who collectively own NYCFC) literally did exactly this and built 2 of the strongest sporting brands in the world around it. Also, nothing about NYCFC's marketing in NYC screams Man City at all. It's all entirely focused around the idea of a NYC team. This is 100% different than what Chivas did.
Haha yeah, I just don't get why this is even a post on the sub haha. I've seen a lot worse MLS gear than this hat.
All he had to do was work hard and keep his mouth shut and would have gotten over $11MM over the next 2 years. For an old as shit O-lineman, that's fucking amazing. I get that they want to max out their time in the NFL, but at what point do you just realize that you aren't actually worth any more to the team? I'd argue he already had an insanely good contract for his situation.
It's about the team name not the organization itself.
They're probably even better than a simple sample. Parents are more likely to be older, and older people are more likely to vote. Edit: If you're going to downvote me, read my post further down that pretty much proves my point.
Parents of children in Kids Pick the President (they aren't going to be young children, mostly over 12) are most likely going to be in their 30s or 40s. These people have a *much* higher voter turnout than those 18-29. Also, [70% of married parents vote, regardless of age](http://content.csbs.utah.edu/~wolfinger/Wolfinger-Wolfinger2008.pdf). This would suggest that these kids parroting their parents would be much more representative than a polling of all eligible voters. Edit: Also remember that the kids in these elections were calling in and using the internet, suggesting that they were older.
How do you understand that? 1 having a significantly higher open rate suggests that either the sender or subject (or both) is different. The other having a 60% higher CTR would suggest that the email's content is different. I'd be willing to bet there were multiple variables at play.
My dog goes through one of those balls a week, but they are his absolute favorite so i buy them quite often. Try black kong toys. My pit destroys everything else he gets.
&gt; I guess I just have to choose if it's worth having less people read my emails to get more engagements. How large was your sample size? Did you achieve statistical significance. Hypothetically, the body text itself shouldn't effect open rate. Was different preview text (the small part of the email you can read before opening?) showing for each email? It just seems like that difference between open rates is incredibly large to not have been effected by something specific. Did you look at bounce rate between group A and group B to account for that?
There is a breed called the American Pit Bull Terrier, but generally a pit bull can be 1 of 3 breeds or a mix of them. Either way, you're dog is obviously a pit mix, not sure what that person is trying to say.
staffordshire bull terrier
That's some [Paranoid Park](https://youtu.be/6fjoxbyYaRc?t=59) shit.
[I own a brindle pit bull.](http://imgur.com/jtYc4I2) He is a pit bull, people who see him call him a pit bull, the SPCA called him a pit bull and everyone knows what "pit bulls" look like. I'd rather have my dog be an advocate for all dogs identified as pits than run away from the term that the vast majority of society uses and will continue to use. I live in America and I also live in reality and that's what they're known as.
We manage our accounts completely separately, so I don't have an answer to that. Haven't used Marin or DS in a couple years.
AdGooroo
Still, annoying that it's removed though. I don't wanna sort through these comments that are all chronologically based. Post match threads are fundamentally different and that would have been great for discussion. I'm sure there'll just be some article posted about the game that will fill in tomorrow.
5 apartments in the Dakota? Who does he think he is? John Lennon?
This is the one I actually came here looking for. Plenty of people in this thread are listing roles that people simply did well and made their own. J. K. Simmons took an existing character and played it fucking *perfectly*.
This is insanely awesome. Did you think of this idea yourself?
One topic that I think is getting insanely relevant right now is the line that brands are walking between being hyper-targeted to consumers' needs and being plane creepy. I'm actually conducting some research on that now and find it awesome. Honestly, go with what you are passionate about and it will make your thesis 1000x better and will help you in life.
Valderrama did not close to the majority of his career in MLS.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted. I don't see the point in answering a completely different question
He spent slightly more than 1/4 of his career in MLS and didn't come to the league until he was 35. I'm sorry, but he really doesn't fit the criteria of this question any more than Beckham or Juan Pablo Angel do. I'm not saying he wasn't significant in MLS, I'm saying he simply does not fit into the criteria for the question.
Literally started laughing out loud at this at the office. At one point, when I pointed out that Valderamma didn't spend near a majority of his career in MLS, I got the response that "That's not what was being asked though". When I showed that it was, I got the response: &gt;He still spend a good enough time in MLS to consider it, plus being an instrumental player for both the Mutiny and the Fusion. It's like watching a presidential debate. People just completely ignoring the question to push their personal bias and display their (lack of) historical MLS knowledge. Like it's ok if you're a new fan or your info comes exclusively from Backyard Soccer, but don't get mad at me for trying to keep the conversation on track.
Very similar situation with Susan G Komen. They spend their money on the best way to stop women from dying of breast cancer. The hate for them is generally unfounded.
Because I understand how their corporate structure actually works and don't simply regurgitate misinformation I hear on reddit. What are you gonna tell me next, that Bernie Sanders will be the next president? Seriously, just take 5 minutes to google how wrong you are. The fact that you think they "spend most of their money promoting their own brand" shows how ignorant you are. They are actually rated a 96% on accountability and transparency on Charity Navigator, so tell me again how they are clearly corrupt, oh enlightened one.
They are legally obligated to protect their trademark. If they let other charities use it, then it becomes diluted and ANYONE can use it. That means I could walk around legally selling pink ribbons that say "for a cure" on them and pocket the money. Again, do a little research off of reddit and actually learn about shit rather than just regurgitating what you read on this site.
&gt; From what I understand SGK does not donate much (if any) to cancer research. Serious people. Do some fucking research. In 2013 they donated ~$50 Million to cancer research. The hate for the organization is extremely out of control on this site. Their Charity Navigator scores aren't even bad.
Not really. If I ever see "for the cure" I immediately think breast cancer. If I saw someone selling "for the cure" merchandise, my assumption is that it would be going to breast cancer awareness and research. Now imagine if that person was actually raising money for something else and were basically scamming people who associate that phrase with Komen (which pretty much everyone does). That's the entire point of trademark protection.
Exactly. Everyone on here is throwing out general bullshit they heard on reddit with no actual numbers and no experience with non-profits to compare it to.
Ok let's look at this one point at a time. &gt;They donate ~20% to research Ok, and that 20% is $50MM. %s mean nothing, considering how easy it is to "lie with statistics". Their 20% is significantly higher than anyone else's 20% because of their ability to market well. IF they didn't market their brand, they'd be bringing in less than $50MM. That's just how it is. &gt;But they sugar coat it like they are using all donations to fund thousands of clinical studies, building hospitals, and paying doctors salaries. And they aren't. Simple as that. Again, they are not claiming this at all. You are arguing with a straw man. Their transparency is rated a 96/100 on charity navigator, which is generally considered the authority on these things. Just because people are too lazy to look up what they are giving to, doesn't mean Komen is misrepresenting anything. [If you look at their breakdown of expenses](http://imgur.com/cF1SCJ0) you'd see that people completely misrepresent them on this site. &gt;The Rose (TX), Breastcancer.org (PA), Living Beyond Breast Cancer (PA), and National Breast Cancer Coalition Fund (DC) rank all above 95 on Charity Navigator. You can list other charities, like the ones you did, but realize that those charities are not doing nearly as good job at marketing and do not get as many people to donate. Komen donates magnitudes more to research in $$ terms than they do. If anything, maybe they should start spending more on marketing, as it would raise more money for cancer research.
"they sound great" is pretty much as subjective as it gets. Not even worth arguing over.
Again, I'm not saying SBK is the best charity to give to or that they are the authority on everything cancer-related. I'm just saying that people grossly misrepresent them on this site as some evil corporation. I give to breastcancer.org and participate in some SBK events, but I just get pissed off at the misinformation that gets perpetuated consistently on here. Glad to see that there are some reasonable people on here.
This whole fucking argument is about semantics. He said "they sound great". You said they don't. You can't tell him they don't sound great because "great" is subjective. He could have said a duck farting into a megaphone sounds "great" and you can't tell him otherwise. Great is, *by definition* a subjective word. You can not say &gt;they in-fact do not "sound great" from an objective level. because that's not what the word great means. Maybe he personally prefers the sound of Beats, maybe they are they best he has heard, but none of that makes what he said wrong. You said this: &gt;they most definitely do not sound "great" You even put the word in quotes. I'm sorry that you started an entire argument by not understanding the difference between objectivity and subjectivity, but don't bust out the "arguing semantics" talking point when you started an entire argument based on semantics yourself.
Just actually switched from Fios to TWC in Manhattan and I gotta say that TWC is much better for the same price so far. It has the 5G option and is just faster/doesn't go out as much. Just a personal anecdote though.
&gt; Please tell me which signing was a massive step down from the guy before in the past 3 years? Ok, M'bohli. Who else? Exactly. It's not that our team is getting worse. It's that our team is getting better at a much slower pace than the rest of MLS. Say all you want about the players but results are what matters. We're getting swindled by some businessmen than are taking advantage of the loyalty of Philadelphia sports fans. They haven't gotten a dollar out of me in the past year, and won't until at least Sak is gone. You can call me a bad fan all you want, just know I'll be laughing at you while I spend that extra pocket women actually enjoying and feeling good about myself instead of getting scammed.
I'm sorry but you just seem uninformed on the situation of the club. It's pretty obvious from an inside perspective that even with a great coach, we'd be mediocre at best. When you don't have a starting quality left-back for years, coaching obviously isn't the root of your problems.
not from a PPG perspective.
Carlos Ruiz &amp; Danny Califf both had odd exits.
Sugarman's money is from realestate. He was in talks with MLS in 2007 to bring a team to Philly and was ironing out the details, with the announcement coming in Feb 2008. Coincidentally, 2007-2008 coincided with... [The recession](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_crisis_of_2007%E2%80%9308). Why did the recession happen? [The Housing Bubble burst](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_housing_bubble). It's easy to point fingers for the financial situation, but we basically got insanely unlucky. Can't blame MLS for that.
That's not earlier than the rest of the crash. The US Housing Bubble hit its peak in 2006. There was a decline until the actual burst where shit hit the fan in 2008.
Doesn't mean he has to, or will, sign with them.
Yeah, but things change, that's all I'm saying. He's not exactly waiting in reserve.
I really hope so. It's insane to me that he's STILL only 21. After witnessing [This play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW0eCjm9KqU) in person, I knew this kid was going to be special.
The defender got a hand on the ball and he had to grab it again, if you really watch. It was also in the biggest home game of the year, down a touchdown with less than 30 seconds left. Playing under pressure is a key attribute.
Christian Bale undeniably channeled Jim Carey for the role. Especially in [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WdEL8DzvaM)
Boots is a unique soul.
It's more about the cap space than the money for him at this point. We're thin, and he is a huge part of the reason for (even though you can put it all on Sak, really).
Damn, knowing the difference, that would have sucked as a kid.
If my family member was making their first start for another city's sports team, I'd honestly probably still come in Philly gear...
&gt; but when he got into office nothing changed at all I'm honestly interested to know how old you are. Because if you think things have not changed, you really haven't been paying attention. The economy is insanely stronger, the economic stimulus worked, he saved the auto industry, implemented socialized health-care, established net-neutrality, implemented Dodd-Frank to reform Wall Street, ended the war in Afganhastan, repealed don't ask don't tell, raised standards for fossil fuel emissions, gave the FDA power to regulate the tobacco industry, and pulled a major 180 on stem-cell research support from the Bush administration. These are just things I thought of off the top of my head. Seriously, to say that nothing changed is to ignore reality.
Or your mental health issues you may be having outside of your normal social life. Social indicators are not always caused by social problems. A good deal of people self-medicate for depression, anxiety and a variety of other mental health reasons.
How do you know it wasn't random people that planned the whole thing for a random party of people they didn't know?
&gt; I don't understand the MLS suspension if he's getting this harsh of a suspension from Open Cup He's an employee of the league. He conducted himself in the spotlight in a way that negatively reflects on his employer. He's getting punished, just like anyone would at any job.
Yeah, but she lost money in the divorce, she didn't gain it so that makes no sense.
She probably married him because she liked him? She's worth literally 40x what he is. It makes zero sense that she would marry him for money. She also offered him $10MM as a divorce settlement. What you are saying literally makes no sense, just stop.
Why wouldn't she actually marry somebody rich and famous then? The only reason 99% of people who know who Humphries is, know of him because of her.
&gt; Or perhaps just auto-forward to their own phone number. If you could autoforward it to another one of their numbers it would be hilarious.
&gt; I haven't met a racist person, or anyone who hates gay people. I'm sure it hasn't come up in conversation, but this just can't possibly be true. Racism and homophobia manifest themselves different in the south than they do in the north, and there may just be different indicators you aren't used to. Remember, the development of race relations in the north is completely different than the south. Structural and institutional racism are stronger in the south, to the point where the racism is more ingrained in society even if you don't see people specifically saying they look down on people of a different race.
You can thank his dad for that, not MLS.
Chivas wasn't poor, they just were shitty owners. We're poor and have shitty owners.
Hard to fire the part-owner.
They were stingy. We're poor. There is a major difference.
Half correct? You said "Who built a smaller stadium?". I answered Yankees, who have the shortest home run deck in MLB. Fuck OP, but I was 100% correct.
What are you trying to show? Yankee Stadium is smaller than CPB. That was the question.
&gt;Where is Crossfire supposed to get money from if it's not pay to play and it gets nothing from developing professional players? There are plenty of places that do not charge players. How did they start? Or maybe you charge and build up money, then stop charging. The point still stands that they had an asking price for developing a player and charged it. Now they are asking to be paid again? That's an absurd concept. They are 2 separate business models. One is high risk high reward, one is low risk low reward. Why should they be allowed to have a low risk high reward model? Free markets don't work like that, and this is against the entire spirit of the FIFA rule.
If you read the page, the scholarship only covers the club fees. He'd still have had to pay for a lot of other things.
The kids pay a club memebership fee, on top of other fees to the club. Again, this is not the norm for top soccer clubs. I'm not saying these things don't exist, but players that are playing professionally and are getting sold with massive transfers almost *never* go through this system. I don't get why people are ignoring the fact that I'm saying it's the top players. That's the entire reason why this rule exists in the first place.
Why wouldn't they? They go there in other sports, and even in MLS you have superstars going places like Montreal. I get the name appeal of NYC and LA, and I live in Manhattan, but people like you need to get off your high horse. Big name players are going to those teams because they have the owners willing to pay for them to try to break through in crowded sports markets, not simply because of the location.
What do you want them to do, go clockwork orange on people? The game was well promoted, so I'm not really sure what the solution is.
OK, and plenty of players would be upset to be drafted by Dolphins or Jets over the Eagles. It's not just about the city, which is the entire point I'm trying to make.
As is my response to a lot of things on this thread, therapy. At least worth a try. It can help you gain a little perspective. Therapy won't necessarily fix what you currently perceive as your problems, but helps your frame them differently so you can stop viewing them as such. Does that make sense?
Shoulda signed that professional contract...
But the point is that MLS wants slow, sustained growth to raise the equity of the teams and brands. Creating a rule to bring big names to MLS, even if it is to the Galaxy, increases the equity of every team. It's a smart business strategy and the league is obviously growing. Once the academies start producing a good amount of talent, that will most likely be the time to raise the cap significantly and change the rules for depth purposes. Until then it makes more sense to keep the cap low and allow exceptions for big names that fill seats.
&gt; I don't think you can simply gloss over Gio's Mexican nationality. But who knows? This will say a whole lot more about Dos Santos than it does the MLS. Why does that matter? Mexico's coach has openly come out in support of his players playing in MLS. There are also an insane amount of Mexican fans in the US that would love this. It's a win for everyone and now reports are coming out at there is a 60-70% chance Chicarito is signing with Orlando.
&gt; Except it comes at the cost of league quality. In the short-term. Again, the owners' goal is longer-term sustainable growth. The current structure is the best option.
Do you have RES (if not, definitely worth getting). You can set the filters to ignore specific users. This is actually the first time I've used it.
Are you suggesting Montreal is somehow more desirable of a place to play than Philly or Houston? Both are much larger metropolitan areas with strong cultures and sporting ties. Similar to Montreal, but bigger. Toronto is more similar to Chicago than NYC or LA and you don't see big stars going to Chi-town. Why? Because of money. That's the difference.
This is a major misconception. Correlation =/= causation. There is no research that suggest marijuana use triggers anything. There is a very high possibility that people you have these illnesses are simply more open to "risky" behavior or are self-medicating for early symptoms. In addition, the ages that typically are experimenting with marijuana use coincides with the ages of onset for many common mental illnesses. I know a lot of people here have anecdotal evidence supporting your comment, but just know that you are spreading unconfirmed information, which is typical in these types of threads.
You're right. End of story. This is why I hate these types of threads. Everyone thinks their anecdote makes them an expert on the subject. It would be like every person who's had a heart attack thinking they are a cardiologist.
This needs to be #1. The amount of people on here spouting bullshit based on anecdotal evidence is insane. It's like people took Psych 101 and completely ignored the 75% of the course where they talk about the scientific method and how it defines Psychology and just paid attention to cognitive dissonance and random snippets of abnormal.
How did you manage to get your M.Ed. while completely ignoring the scientific method? I understand that there are correlations between drug use and mental illness, but to make blanket statements of causation based on your anecdotal evidence is embarrassingly unprofessional for someone with a degree of your level. Maybe addition and other mental health concerns stem from a confounding variable that doesn't involve the drug itself. Maybe you should look into what is causing the drug use. Perhaps that also contributed to blunted personalities. Maybe the worsening of mental illness was inevitable and they are self-medicating with marijuana, as the age of onset for many mental illnesses correlated with typical ages of drug experimentation. I'd like to know what actual academic or clinical research you've done and/or published on this matter. I am not a crazy supporter of marijuana use either, I'm just a crazy supporter of correct information being distributed, especially in a field I spent a good deal of time in.
Do you want to work client side or at an agency or vendor? Almost nobody has their MBA on the agency side, as experience is everything (from what I've seen at the places I've been). Plenty of people have them on client side, but a lot of employers there will pay for you to go back to school while working anyways.
Lol cause this is a conversation on a discussion board on a specific topic and your refute was essentially "you're wrong". You added nothing to the conversation other than showing that you don't know what you're talking about and wanting the other person to be wrong without having the knowledge to disprove them.
Ah, so drunken dope-addicts or glue-sniffers.
Philly is definitely a very racially divisive city and neighborhood lines are pretty evident just by seeing the race of people walking the streets. It's getting better but it's still not good.
I think they're pretty funny... Edit: Cool guys, feel free to downvote me for thinking a notoriously controversial band is funny for their antics which are designed to be humorous, nice.
The Stanford band is a student run organization that purposefully trolls people (have been doing it since the 60s) and don't take themselves too seriously. It's all part of the act. I actually find it kind of refreshing and entertaining.
Well they were playing them so...
It's not offensive in the least bit, people on here are just looking to get upset. They've done way way worse stuff like a polygamy-based routine when they played BYU or the Patty Hearst kidnapping thing.
[I mean the stanford band is pretty talented](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gatKjUgcOhA). They aren't insanely large so it may not sound as good on TV but they're pretty good. I didn't go there but I've see them a few times.
&gt; Isn't Stanford supposed to be almost an Ivy League school? I think Stanford is supposed to be the anti-Ivy League School. Pretty much the idea of being free spirited and embracing differences and uniqueness rather than conformity and old boys clubs. It's up there with the Ivy's in academics, just culturally different.
I fucking hate this offense
Better than Rutgers' chance of winning 2 games in the B1G
Did he just say "trickeration"?
WTF is with this announcer shitting on Hack's run game? He relatively mobile for a pocket passer.
McSorley is a running QB
He's a running QB so...
I mean we were sanctioned by the NCAA and lost a fuck ton of scholarships and recruiting momentum, which you can see now. It's a process to get back to form.
Yeah I've seen that before, I think BOB just underestimated the pressure he was going to be under after following a coach with a legendary career. I don't see it as him getting run out of town as much as him not being able to handle the job and embrace the role.
We legit have one of the best receiving units in the country. It's a shame are rarely put in a position to succeed.
Why do you build me up...
They need to clean house of all of Franklin's guys coaching offense. It's embarrassing and he needs to give up any input on anything other than recruiting. EDIT: Who could possibly be downvoting this? Are you related to someone on the staff or something?
I really wanted to go to the game in London....but at least we beat the Giants again
Lol, did you even read the articles you linked? They specifically say that doctors are paid to give speeches at conferences for marketing the drug, not to give it to patients. The only cases you linked to with doctors prescribing drugs while getting paid were about them getting arrested. It's also hilarious that you said: &gt;Your country is the only country where... Then linked to an article that is specifically about the UK, starting: &gt;Drug companies are paying an estimated £40m a year to British doctors in service fees, flights, hotel and other travel expenses, according to the trade body that represents pharmaceutical companies.
I'm with you on this. I've have by far the best experience with Uber vs. other services such as Lyft. The entire purpose of the services is time and convenience and Uber is ahead in both those categories in my area.
That wasn't a backflip...
Yeah completely ignoring all demographics...
[That's what I'm sayin](http://imgur.com/yQQj8u5)
Eh, it goes both ways I think. I see a lot of the artsy hipster type people who think they are open and worldly be extremely critical of mainstream "yuppie" culture, and I live in one of the most "hipstery" neighborhoods in the country. I think every culture is going to have a certain percentage of people that distain contradictory cultures. That's just pack mentality.
Why do you say that? The general message of the story is the opposite of that, basically calling for people to learn from experience rather from other people's lectures/preaches.
So you're just going to completely ignore my first point? It makes your entire argument moot.
It's unlimited spots so he really could have brought them without dropping Jones. I think Klinsmann just brought the guys he thought he needed and is throwing Jones a bone by giving him some extra training.
Yep, SaaS account managers make bank if they surpass quota. I have quite a few friends in the field.
http://i.imgur.com/lIaA3.gif
To be fair, the crest shape is a direct reference to the [Los Angeles coat of arms](http://imgur.com/0HKCQZq)
Del
Equity.
Do not give them a cent, it's all spam &amp; bot traffic. I know people who have worked there and even they told me it was all bullshit. I'm honestly not sure how they are still in business as I've yet to hear a single positive thing about their company other than the fun events they throw for agencies in NYC. If you just Google "admarketplace review" you will see nothing but negatives, other than posts/sponsored content from the company itself.
Not necessarily. I've freelanced on an equity basis and have gotten stake in a few companies that have become very successful. I would only do it with companies that I think have potential, but a great deal of skilled digital marketers would be willing to put in the hours if they think it's a good deal.
Yeah, the revisionist history involving this is crazy. Everyone was pumped for this season and everything looked great on paper. If Murray had worked out or probably even if Parkey hadn't gotten hurt we'd have won our division and this conversation wouldn't be happening.
Obviously WR was an issue but Matthews was coming along and we drafted 3 top round WRs in the last 2 years. Our secondary was also obviously insanely improved, so making that point makes no sense. Our WRs aren't bad, they're young. At this point it would be a waste to go out and try to sign someone like Maclin for that type of money.
&gt; You said we were great on paper - my point was we weren't even close to great on paper. The secondary had huge question marks, it isn't an irrelevant point simply because it kind of worked out. Anybody with half a brain would have been able to see that our secondary looked insanely better on paper this year compared to last. To try to argue anything different is insane. Our defense looked really good on paper going into the year. You just repeating that our WRs are bad doesn't make it true. Matthews with playing with a hand injury all year, which could not have been anticipated and we have one of the best receiving TEs in the game and one of the best College WRs coming into the team. Obviously it wasn't ideal, but when you have what is one paper the best backfield in the NFL, it is acceptable. &gt; The problem is that he tears down the old building before the new one is finished. If you're building on the same plot of land, that is the only way to do it. The process doesn't happen overnight.
Cool story bro, great discussion. Seems like you're really good at reviewing the team on paper...after they played. You should get an internship with Eskin.
Like when he carried us to the NFC championship in his second to last year on the Eagles?
Yeah but people coming in for lottery tickets are going to buy additional items as well.
Dude what are you talking about? The point is that you don't want to take the muggers money and ethiopia didn't want to take anything from Italy. Regardless of the circumstances surrounding a fight, if you get your ass kicked, you get your ass kicked. Italy got their asses kicked.
Yeah I'm going to assume this went through allocation. I'd think he fits under the "elite youth U.S. National Team players" category.
Amazon was in the red for its first 15 years...short-term profit isn't as important as people make it out to be.
This is extremely upsetting to hear with someone who was such a leader and beloved player. Thoughts are with him and his family and hopefully we will see him in years to come.
He retweets PSU tweets very regularly. I'd like to think he's a lock at this point but you never know. Lynch leaving should give him even more incentive. I'm not worried.
Lol, you have no idea what you are talking about. Academy players don't need to college, they can just sign with the team.
ITT: Misinformation.
No the NCAA and the academy system are completely separate and NCAA doesn't even play by standard FIFA rules (they have unlimited subs, for example). The schools don't get taxed because they are non-profits and reinvest the money they make from football/basketball into all the other sports which lose money. If they have money available after all of that, it goes to the school to be invested in academics.
I don't know any personally but www.meetup.com your friend.
No worries, same reason I pop into these threads. I don't think it's any better or worse than any other system, but it's the best option for MLS at this time. Our league is new and growing and has a weird history. The idea is to keep the league as stable as possible and to keep teams as close in talent as possible to create excitement. So far, I like it.
Well he has years and years of breaking stories and being accurate. Also, the one story in this picture is a story on a site about him saying that he doesn't predict that Kelly will get the SF job and that he hasn't interviewed anywhere else. He was saying nothing definitive and just giving his opinion when asked a question.
It's a nod to jamaican culture.
Certain players in the draft have a salary cap loophole attached to them though, which makes them inherently more valuable.
It's 2% less effective, 50% *as* effective
Not trying to be a dick but you have no idea what you are talking about. Schefter is an insanely respected reporter and that article in this post is not by Shefter and it's not Schefter reporting that Kelly won't be a head coach in the NFL next year. This is a shitpost in a sub with a bunch of people who obviously don't closely follow the NFL talking out of their asses. I'd love for you to go find me this cache of false reports that you are claiming exist from Schefter.
Also, a lot of these players (if not all?) signed contracts with the league before entering the draft. They're pretty much bound.
They may not make the rosters, but they can still have contracts that void if they are not "signed" by the team I believe. It has happened before.
Yeah it's whatever. Pretty much nobody our system has any idea how it works, so their loss. This thread has been a joke.
adamant? &gt;Listen, as a guy who went to Michigan, I've had a lot of people ask me 'could Jim Harbaugh wind up at Michigan?' I'm not going to tell you he can't, but based on everything I've been told and heard, I do not see that happening."
They also have free healthcare, free transportation, supplemented food/nutrition costs, bonuses for # of games played, etc. RBNY even provides housing for players who make less money. As much as MLS likes to act like they don't make money for CBA posturing, MLSPU does the exact same thing. I can't really feel bad for them.
&gt;Grant Wahl is known to be wrong, quite often. What are you basing this off? The only time I ever remember Wahl being wrong was Nesta coach MTL and he wrote an apology letter for it. It was newsworthy at the time because Wahl is almost never wrong
Join the club, buddy.
How the fuck are you paying less for Uber than Taxis in NYC? Ubers are always at least 25% more expensive for me, even when not surging.
Lol typical pats fans, think they're always victims. Biggest pussies in the NFL, you're like the Penguins of football.
Actually with the NFL rules you see ~50/50 split in kicker vs returner winning. In college, the team that goes 2nd wins ~60% of the time. So the NFL rules are statistically fairer.
Could you imagine them writing something like that today? The pressure must have been insane, I actually feel pretty bad for him.
Took the pictures of the covers at my parents house, but was only home for the weekend. I was helping my mom clean out old stuff we didn't want/need, so I assume they got thrown out after I took the pictures, sorry!
He's young! He's orange! Nothing rhymes with orange! Zac MacMath, Zac MacMath!
When she was 9.
No they aren't. Source: Have worked with them as a partner multiple times.
What are you accusing them of doing and give me one inkling of proof. They have no incentive to do shady shit.
Again, that is 100% false. I would love for you to provide any proof of that at all, or even somewhat convincing evidence. You can get your business *advertised* at the top, much in the same way you can pay for search ads in Google to come up at the top, but it will tell you when it is an ad. Any claims further than that are simply wrong.
[/r/MLS 's reaction](http://i.imgur.com/iKQzI.jpg?fb)
The point is that why would that not be a positive? She and her family have history with people who fight for human rights, which is a good thing.
Sure, but everyone who counts loves Ned Flanders.
How is that at all bullshit? Are you saying that every organization should be a direct democracy? The making the decisions are doing so for a reason. Nice non-argument though, it's a shame you couldn't put together a cohesive counter and have a well thought out conversation. Honestly that comment sounded like something Trump would say.
Nothing in that Huffington Post link supports your argument at all. It's just a search on a news site that doesn't even have articles that somewhat back up your claim. The second link is from a tabloid and says: &gt;The court said it found no evidence of manipulation and that it was ruling narrowly only on the question of extortion. Nonetheless, the company’s critics said the ruling supported their claims. And the third site literally has a contradictory headline considering the court ruled that they aren't extorting anyone. Nice evidence though. You also didn't even post an article from the past year, so it's pretty obvious you are stretching.
I think you are vastly underselling Carroll's career. He has 8 caps for the USMNT, getting called up over guys like Beckerman, was a key piece in DCU United's cup run, and has had an overall very impressive MLS career. For a period of time he was easily one of the top CDMs in MLS, and was arguably the Union's best player for a stretch. What you saw for the Union was the very end of a long success career for Carroll. He is definitely a veteran presence that is good to have around for our young squad.
No I don't find literally hundred of articles. I find a bunch of blog posts and tabloids (NY Post, Daily Mail, etc.) all referencing and linking to each other as sources. That should be your first tip that it's complete bullshit. Yelp proved in court that you are wrong. The court specifically ruled that they aren't extorting anyone, yet all the titles say "Court rules it's ok for Yelp to extort...". It's all a bunch of tabloid bullshit that was started by people being upset about not having good reviews and trying to cheat the system. In addition, here is an independent academic study from Harvard &amp; BU that shows that what you are saying is not true: http://www.immorlica.com/marketDesign/Harvard/reading/fakereviews.pdf The relevant section is 3.4. Read up. Edit: I provide an independent scientific study that proves you wrong and you downvote me? LOL
I know you said this in the /r/MLS thread, but Brian Carroll's resume is better than 95% of players in MLS. He was a key piece in an MLS cup win, has USMNT experience, and was a top MLS player for a lot of his career. Judging his career off his time in Philly doesn't make much sense.
My issue is that you act as though filling seats or selling jerseys is the main goal the club should have, rather than long term success through youth development, which is the stated goal of the Union. Signing Carroll is in no way a bad move, as Nogs, Edu, and Varnetta (3 of the best players on our team) can all play in that position, in addition to Yaro if we get desperate. Carroll is a strong defensive player that understands the league and is a great mentor for young players. We are planning on spending ~$1MM on a new striker for next season, have brought in solid midfielders and have a great deal of young talent in the back. Having Carroll as a bench option is really not that bad. We are deeper now than we pretty much have ever been.
Baby boomers make up the vast majority of voters.
Not a bad signing. Always like Marfan, but my biggest issue with him is that he's a bit of a hot head and can make dumb mistakes. It's possible he's grown up since he played for us, but I wouldn't mind having him back on the squad, especially as depth.
[2 years ago Gallop showed that boomers will be the driving influence on US Politics for the next 25 years](http://www.gallup.com/poll/167012/baby-boomers-push-politics-years-ahead.aspx).
No love for Pez on here...? I have 100s of them.
He was on their reserve team playing in the third division, barely got any first team action, and came back to the US in 2000. Where are you getting your information?
Are you claiming that there isn't an immense variety of culture in the US?
How could you possibly comment on Jones' locker room presence? I've been on plenty of teams where dirty players on the field are great leaders.
&gt; Would you rather have Bradley playing out of position at the 10 spot in the diamond? Yes. 10,000 times out of 10,000 yes. The issue in the world cup is that we lacked a striker with hold-up play.
Sure, but Dempsey didn't have the opportunity to go sooner and went as soon as he could. Also, while Dempsey is abosulutely a US Legend and I'd love to have anyone of his caliber, we're going to need to start producing better players if we want to go further in the WC. Dempsey had 2-3 amazing years, but he wasn't world class or anything.
Get the linkedin Jobs App
Dude...you're being the dick, not OP.
You can A/B test but you aren't going to get statistically significant conversion results with 10s of dollars.
You're not wrong, anyone looking at any sort of trending will see that you are backed up. Digital is the best place to be investing right now, especially for small businesses. The ROAS for Facebook is astronomical if you know what you are doing. Sure, you can't apply that universally across all brands, but for the vast majority, I have seen nothing to show that your assumptions aren't correct.
50K after taxes is around 35K. So you're spending 24K on rent. You spend another $1500 on transportation. So that leave you with about $9500 for food, internet, phone, utilities, clothes, household necessities, health insurance, etc. Good luck having any social life at all.
We're in a thread based on a comment saying &gt;I make 50k a year in nyc and can't afford my own apartment. This comment thread was specifically about making 50K in nyc and having your own apartment. You made a comment that you could afford to live in NYC and pay 2K for an apartment making that amount. You couldn't. Not to mention, good luck finding even a studio apartment for 2K in NYC.
It's unfortunate that Reddit (along with tons of other people) don't seem to understand or embrace that quote. Idealism gets you nowhere. Now more than ever in politics, evolution is how real meaningful change comes about, not revolution.
That's fine but we aren't talking about the Terrence Boyd decision, we are talking about Benny vs. Michael. Bradley is an overall more creative player. His final ball is better than arguably any other US player ever. He is better than Benny at playing off the strength of his teammates makes better runs that create space. He's sees the field and development of play better than any other player in our pool and stays cool and collected. Here are a few examples of what I mean: https://youtu.be/piw48lZhsDA?t=25 https://youtu.be/6KRnULmVPiA?t=3 https://youtu.be/yGoq5mrjftk?t=7 I agree that Bradley is a better #8 than a #10, I also believe he is a better #10 than Benny is.
Can you please stop with this "we" and "your side" bullshit? Honestly. Everyone wants what is best for the country and not everyone agrees with you. Just because you can type in an internet forum with stuff like "we fix the POTUS" &amp; "we move on to congress" doesn't mean that: 1) People that don't agree with you on the presidential primary won't support the same congressional candidates/candidates that even agree with Bernie will be running 2) You will somehow magically reverse the perennial trend of democrats &amp; young people not voting in midterm elections 3) Your generalized steps that have literally no specifics or spelled out methodology will somehow happen The condensing attitudes of people on this subreddit are ridiculous, it's literally a mirror of the Ron Paul support a few years back. I don't dislike Sanders but I cannot wait until he loses to Clinton just so I can read the sorry idealists on here trying to cope.
Why doesn't it count? Jack Mac was on the Gold Cup roster and yes Edu played. We also has Orozco.
[Why, Sean Lee? WHY????](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiZNSzWIaLo)
He also executive produced Good Will Hunting
So he's trying to achieve awareness? Cause the original post didn't say that.
And a library...and a bunch of other stuff (though some of it is named after his wife)
I think the biggest thing is that just aren't cool. That, and they generally get insanely defensive of any criticism.
Looking at these other posts, it's really hitting home how bad our students get fucked with prices. The STEP program was also a slap in the face that pretty much solidified the fact that PSU football is run as a business and only a business.
Maybe a little, but this happens a good amount. Afroman is in a somewhat compromised situation up there and she is trespassing and acting in an irrational manner. I'd rather punch someone in the face than take the risk of getting my neck bitten by someone on PCP or some shit.
Again, he doesn't know what she's doing or on. She's being unpredictably and erratically while trespassing. He didn't have to use violence but had it turned out she was a legitimate threat he could have been seriously hurt. Any time you break onto a stage at a concert or run onto a field at a sporting event you are inviting that to happen.
&gt; She wasn't acting in an unpredictable or erratic manner. She went on stage at a concert and started sexually rubbing herself on the performer. That is both erratic and unpredictable. &gt;If you argue like that, then anyone anywhere could be a legitimate threat and you should smack anyone that gets closer than 20 centimeters to your personal space. No but I'd argue anybody that literally trespasses and starts rubbing me sexually would be considered a threat. They weren't on some random dance floor and she illegally gained access to the area and began touching him. He tried to move away from her, and I guess assumed that security would handle it at first, and they she came up behind him and touched him.
I'd take that charge every single time over the possibility of some lunatic doing something to me. Security fucked up big time.
I've seen sources that it's actually not true. Don't feel like looking them up, but someone posted proof on here of use of the phrase before the "water of the womb" thing.
It's like the city planner threw a handful of spaghetti at the wall as a guideline.
Bernie is charging $2000 to get a picture with the RHCP, so what?
I'm not arguing it's not an assault charge, I'm just saying that I would potentially act similarly in that situation. It's a little bit excessive force, but not an outrageous or unexpected response to the situation.
I mean she was obviously intoxicated and was in the middle of trespassing and came up and touched a live performer after he tried to move away from her. How the fuck is that not unpredictable?
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say comments like this only reinforce why people like /u/caleb_krawdad think that way.
And he faced charges for it. That's fine, and it is assault. But I'm saying that it would be perfectly acceptable if you were in an area where other people aren't allowed and there is supposed to be a team of people protecting you, and all of a clearly intoxicated and reckless, trespassing man came up to you, you moved away, and then they came up behind you and started grinding on you, that you punch them in the face. It's wordy but it's pretty much exactly what happened.
No man, she's totally guilty of her daughter marrying someone that works in finance, don't worry.
There is a longer video that shows otherwise
I mean she broke onto the stage, which is not within social norms. He then moved away from her and she came up behind him and touched her. Anyone that does that at that kind of concert is obviously not in a sober/stable state of mind at the moment. He literally has a team of people hired to stop that from happening for a reason.
My point was this list is criticising her for shit that has no reason to be criticized. What happened with the email isn't illegal. What law did she break?
Lol, dude, again, doesn't affect my life if you can't find it.
I think it's more realistic that European leagues will move towards a capped system that MLS abandoning it. It makes the league much more enjoyable.
Stever Mareberry
Which is why I said first step towards. And it effectively is a salary cap, just not a hard cap. There are many different types of salary caps.
It's due to US labor laws. You can't discriminate based on which country the person is from if it's not the US.
You should call them (their number is hard to find, but it's out there) and see if you can stop by the office today or tomorrow. They were bought out by live nation recently but I think their office is still in the East Village.
Jerry Brown endorsing Clinton is a huge deal. You should read up on their past if you think it isn't surprising.
Such buzzword bullshit, I can't stand it. It's especially perpetuated by "gurus" in the startup world putting a label on something they don't know anything about.
Comedy Bang Bang loves making fun of this concept on the podcast.
Sure, and more people voted for Clinton than Sanders. Do you think all those people would rather have Sanders than Biden? If Biden ran against Clinton, Bernie would've been non-viable by super tuesday.
&gt; I'm scared for you america. Lol, please don't form your American political opinions from what you read on Reddit.
Fun thought experiment: Do you think Ralph Nader is responsible for saving more people's' lives through seat belts or for ending more people's' lives by getting Bush elected?
Holy shit...are you 10? I'm old as fuck. Edit: I'm retarded, I read "there" as "three" and was ready to just stop using Reddit.
I was under that bridge too, and literally had just walked when they canceled it...maybe I know you haha. But the rain wasn't that bad, it downpoured for like 20 minutes then lightened up. It's also supposed to be thunderstorms on Fri and Sun.
Definitely worth checking out. An acquired taste for some, but pretty hilarious to follow.
Yeah, that was a relief, as soon as we found that out we splurged on the afterparties and had a pretty awesome time, all things considered!
&gt; However, I would 100% expect a 80 yr old Secretary of State to Understand it, and if she didn't going in I would 100% expect her to sit down and learn about it. Why? Who cares, that's not their job.
Actually, it's kind of not. It's her job to not tell it to people who aren't supposed to see it directly, but beyond that I'd say it falls on security people.
Haven't gotten into Hollywood Handbook yet, but I fucking love those guys. Have you gone through Analyze Phish yet?
Dope, thanks
DOOP BABY!!! Still laughing at everyone that trashed his signing
fuck..he's good.
Le Toux needs to stop fucking around in the box, it's getting to a point where he needs to not see the field if he keeps doing it.
That hasn't stopped reds before haha.
WELL..there goes the season
Me. Still think he's not that bad, hasn't interrupted the flow of the game or made any decisions that have had an unfair impact. Edit: I take back what I said.
Wow.
Sorry Columbus, not how I wanted this game to end.
Looked like they clapped him off.
Forever memed.
I feel like his M.O. is just to do a little cheeky move then thread a pass. Almost every single time he touches it.
If it means anything I'm sure that Red won't stand.
[When the ref fucks the other team but it secures you first place](http://i.imgur.com/B45MaNU.gify)
Really? In NYC I see 100x the amount of basketball as I do soccer
Damn, how did you manage to get an appointment with her? It's impossible now even 6 months out!
I am as well, and it seems like the big artists (Wachob &amp; Coffey) are virtually impossible to book. I feel like I'd have a better chance of getting a referral to one than booking online.
I mean, I legitimately couldn't even get them booked at all. Are you going with Coffey?
Ah fair enough, I'm still holding out for one by her. Did you design it or was it her original work?
Eh, I don't really view it as sad, it's just a fact. You have an opportunity to get new experiences and connect with different people. I think the book Siddhartha has a good perspective on this.
Fair enough. If I were you I'd get on their mailing lists, they send out an email when they open bookings, they usually then book solid for X amount of time, then close up books again. At least from what I've experienced.
&gt; This is the problem. Why is it a problem?
Psychedelics can certainly wear on your brain over time, just be careful. Everything in moderation.
“She falls down a well, her eyes go cross. She gets kicked by a mule. They go back. I don’t know.”
Broken clock is right twice a day...
I assume you're most likely right that it's named after the horse as it's only a couple months old, but American Pharaoh was also the name of a documentary about Bob Bradley's time coaching the Egyptian National Team. Worth a watch.
But I don't think anyone is arguing our player pool is "crap". My biggest frustration with this sub is the false dichotomies it creates. Our player pool simply isn't *as good as it needs to be.* The fact that we are getting further in the World Cup than England and Portugal and are excited that our players start at lower level EPL Clubs and Ligue 1 shows that the coaching isn't really that bad. Our player pool is not close to an elite level, especially as other CONCACAF countries continue to improve. I think right now, USMNT isn't over or underachieving. We're doing about what we can given our pool. Sure, we have flubs, but that happens.
lol. It was a joke, relax. And I'm not calling you a "whiner", as in you whining defines you as a person, but I would consider complaining about our coaching, when pretty much everyone I see has been in agreement with his choices for the last 6 months and when we've won 5 in a row, to be whining. I think it is fair to say our player pool simply isn't that good. It's middling in terms of this Copa America tournament and isn't top 20 in the world. I think we're performing at about the level you would expect.
Yes, but Klinsmann isn't trying to to built a style of play around our current players, he's planning for the future. If you want to develop a system to play that style, you go through growing pains in the short term when the old guard doesn't fit in. But you need to play that style so the young players grow into it.
It means they are playing against better competition. Our players that have actually been playing regularly at the highest level weren't the problem.
&gt; We have a 17 year old at that level and nobody else. I mean, not entirely fair. Johnson, Brooks, Yedlin and Cameron all have been playing at that level. It's not surprising that our defense is our strongest point.
Oh, so let's change the conversation because we hate Klinsmann! We won 5 in a row before this match, let's come back to the now. We got beat by a team that was better than us in literally every single position.
He has played LB and RB at the highest level in the world and has excelled there. Calling him a liability is just ignorant.
"Now you're looking for the secret. But you won't find it because of course, you're not really looking. You don't really want to work it out. You want to be fooled."
Shhhhh, they're not supposed to know.
Again, you have no idea what you are talking about.
So your entire view of Fabian Johnson on defense is based on a random blog's opinion piece that was written today? Again, you have no idea what you are talking about, just stop.
Yeah, sorry to Matt Doyle, but I respect close to zero of his commentary on the USMNT. He writes with such an agenda that he sometimes contradicts himself in 2 straight articles just to bash JK. I'd also love to see your opinion from actual evidence or your knowledge, not just posting opinion pieces that have come out in the last 4 days. Johnson was far from our problem against colombia and was our best player in the last WC at fullback when he was playing. He has played there in Germany before and looked very good, and he's no more mistake-prone than any other defender on the team. Our left back situation is absurdly bad and pretty much anyone aside from FJ would have been torn apart by Colombia. He has great chemistry with Brooks and is pretty much our only solution there going forward. We have tried lots of people at the position and they've been embarrassed.
You completely took Jones' quote out of context. Jones said that he was assisting on defense to double Cuadrado, which was the game-plan. That would have happened regardless of who was playing left back. You can criticize the game-planning, but that's not on Johnson's ability. Johnson has been continuously effective going forward on defense for the USMNT with both goals and assists from the position. You are trying to use this one game as an indication of Johnson's FB ability when he has played there countless times and been very effective.
My suggestion for B2B affiliate would be to use a SaaS platform, such as Impact Radius or CAKE, to create a private program. You would probably need to work with an agency, but that would be cheaper in the long run than paying a platform like CJ for doing basically nothing. Players in the affiliate industry know the major affiliates, and 90% of your sales are going to be produced by 10% of your partners/affiliates. You'd basically be paying CJ a finders fee for someone you already know about and then continuing to pay them a high %. Don't have any articles on this, but it's a major part of what my company does!
The issue here is that the case has literally nothing to do with hispanics or Mexicans. You can't just avoid certain judges by being racist or xenophobic against their heritage. What Donald has said in the past is on him, not the judge.
[Agree to disagree](http://imgur.com/IfEZEh7)
&gt; She has support because her name carries the weight of a senator, secretary of state and first lady. So her experience...not her name. Got it.
The trial isn't about anything regarding race, immigration, or anything trump has said about policy. By oath, the judge is impartial on the topic at hand. Should Trump not be able to have a Muslim judge because of his immigration policy on Muslims? Should he not be aloud to have a democrat as a judge because of his inflammatory statements about the party? Trump is not immune from judges that don't agree with him on topic irrelevant to the case. That is what happens when you are an outspoken controversial public figure. He better get used to it.
1) I'd love for you to present some information that the judge is personally an extreme activist. 2) IT DOESN'T MATTER! This case is not about those topics. If you want a judge that completely agrees ideologically with trump on all issues he has talked about, you are going to have a hard time. Our entire fucking legal system is dependent on the concept of judges taking oaths and being impartial on the topic at hand. Trump made his bed and now he has to sleep in it. When you are outspoken and offensive towards a large portion of the population, you can't hide every single time your fate is in their hands. Also, Trump did NOT say he opposed the judge for any reason other than he is "Mexican". Trump doesn't get to pick and choose his judge simply because he is xenophobic.
I had a psych professor that did the exact same thing. My respect for him went up immediately when I realized it at the bookstore.
So, you want to plagiarize a textbook?
&gt;The only income brackets that will be taxed more are those higher than 250,000 annually. This is factually incorrect, not sure where you got that information. http://election2016.taxpolicycenter.org/2016/03/25/voxs-new-presidential-tax-calculator/
Uh what? I provided a source that completely disproves /u/crocigators statement. I don't have to 100% agree with OP to point out that the responder is giving false information.
Ok, but textbooks offer much more than just random information. They are presented in a certain order that reflects a teaching curriculum. They give specific examples that are used in class. They have specific problems in them that are assigned for homework. The concepts of econ are universal, but they are already easily available on the internet. Specific textbooks present those in specific ways. If you were to simply rework those textbooks, that would be plagiarism.
wtf are you even trying to say? What doesn't exist? Can you form a coherent argument or do you just make vague, "you're wrong" statements that aren't specific enough to be falsifiable?
The article listed the sources that I provided you. They were always there, regardless of your lack of acknowledgement. If you're so lazy when it comes to finding information that you won't even attempt to look for listed source then enjoy living in willful ignorance.
&gt;For one I am not reworking any textbook Then why did you say this: &gt;I have always wanted to create a website where people could rewrite textbooks same message different context and publish them as open source content or with a fee of &lt;50 dollars like your first professor. Seems to me like that's exactly what your proposed. Maybe there is a miscommunication, but you first said "rewrite textbooks". &gt; the basic concepts like e=mc2 or s=d is not owned by anyone So you're going to recreate wikipedia? That information is already available on the internet. The entire point of a textbook is that it is arranged in a specific way to follow a curriculum. If you are going to "rewrite" textbooks in that sense it is plagiarism.
He's bigger and more athletic than the VAST majority of young keepers around the world. That has always been his advantage. He has been greatly improving his position and organization of the back line. If he can fully master that, he's going to have a long and successful career in a top league. Edit: Lol, why is this being downvoted? 25 is young as fuck for a top level keeper, or do you think he's not athletic?
I mean, it's not *insanely* young, but I wouldn't say it's stretching it in the least bit. There were only 2 keepers younger than Andre Blake out of the 32 that played more than 5 EPL games last year. That means he'd be in the 6th percentile when it comes to age in that category. 25 years old is young for a keeper at a top level. Blake also didn't have an opportunity to prove himself until recently, thanks to Nick Sak. At 6'4", Blake has the build to play at the highest level with his incredible quickness and was touted as pro-ready when he came out of college at 23.
I'm not saying his save was the best thing ever, but I don't think he's overhyped and I think he'll be getting time in a top 4 league in the next 2 years.
Stronger now than it has been. Our owners are in real estate and were hurt pretty bad after founding the team by the crash in 08. The company's stock has been steadily rising since then and for the most part they have recovered. Luckily that has lead to pumping more money into the Union. We also forced out Nick Sak, which is a great sign of progress. I'm sure the Union would be interested in more investors, but I doubt Jay Sugarman would give up majority right when the team is turning around.
New director. Columbus directed the first 2 and Cuaron wanted to move in a different direction. I personally didn't mind the change, but I'm a bit of a movie geek and love stuff like changes due to artistic preference.
Yeah and honestly, with most B1G schools it is all about individual programs and not the ranking of the university. Not to mention that networking is undeniably better with schools like PSU than some of the other higher ranked ones (can't speak for OSU, just because I simply don't have any extensive knowledge on your Alumni network).
Exactly, and one of them will be president next year. Choose wisely.
You think these people understand fashion?
I'm not telling you to vote for Hillary. I'm stating the fact that one or the other will be president and you can be part of that choice if you want.
Welp, there it is. Good work guys.
Go into facebook analytics and find out what the group members have in common. Run advertisement from your page to content sites you create on the most popular topics amongst that group. Sell premium ad placements that are highly related to you topic on the page at a reasonable CPM and place affiliate links in the content. The content sites that I've seen work really well are slideshow that change ads every 2-3 slides, but are seamless and don't load a new page with every single new slide. I've successfully launched a site like this for a fairly major brand before and would be happy to work with you if you're interested.
I've actually played in it a few times, and volunteered for it the first time it was in Philly. It wasn't really obscure, lots of soccer people knew about it, and it was an awesome time. It got pretty intense though with thousands of dollars on the line and some teams followed it around from city to city. I've seen a few fights actually and once saw a youth coach take a jersey from a kid telling him he didn't deserve to wear it...then the kid's dad went after the coach, but I digress. It was an awesome event and if it came back I would definitely play again.
May be sitting for a tattoo that day but if I'm not, I'm interested. I live in NYC, so it's easy for me. What is the SoB's plan for the game, taking over a bar in the neighborhood?
&gt; But is it their right to actively lower voter turnout? No I don't think it is. Are you arguing against freedom of press...?
You could easily build an affiliate site using something simple such as squarespace and potentially even post affiliate links to your members. Are you familiar with affiliate marketing? I'd assume it is the easiest way to monetize what you have right now.
For sure, I should know if I got a spot in the next couple days. The tattoo artist is only in town for a few days and he's doing bookings now. I'll make sure to let you know once I hear back!
I think SkimLink could give them a run for their money, but I agree that VigLink is reputable.
In what way is it annoying? It literally changes nothing for you other than Reddit getting money if you buy something via a link on the site.
I'm sorry but you have no idea what you are talking about and have no idea how affiliate marketing works. The landing page is the exact same. You are redirected through an affiliate link that is owned by the owner of the domain you are going to, not by Viglink. Viglink is simply a partner of the page you are going to and is signed up for their program. When Viglink joins the affiliate program, the company simply gives them a URL that is unique to them. Basically, the changes made to the URL are all through the destination site's system, not VigLink's or Reddit's. You are going to be tracked by the destination site regardless and they are going to know you came from reddit regardless. All this does is tell the destination site's affiliate platform, whether that be Commision Junction, Linkshare, Impact Radius, CAKE or whatever, to pay VigLink who then pays reddit their share. VigLink is a reputable company. TL;DL: you are going to be tracked no matter what, this only cues a commerce system to pay Viglink, who then pays Reddit.
You are wrong at #3. The click is driving to the exact same landing page. The link that Reddit is changing the original link to is owned by the same people that own the original link. Let me explain. You create a post that contains a link "sears.com". Sears has an affiliate program that VigLink is a part of. Sears assigns VigLink the url "sears.CJ.com/af/12345." Sears still owns that link, as it is generated from an affiliate system they use. Viglink then contracts with sites to replace all instances of "sears.com" on their site with "sears.CJ.com/af/12345.". Either way, Sears is going to know what site you came from. The only difference is that their affiliate system will now automatically credit Viglink on the backend for any sales that come from you. It's a referral fee. Viglink then goes into Sear's affiliate system and looks at which sites each referral fee came from and credits them accordingly. So if you came from reddit, Viglink would keep a % and pay Reddit the rest. At no point are you going through VigLink's system. You are going through Sear's system, and they are able to identify that VigLink was the affiliate due to the "12345" in the URL. Hope this makes sense. I understand your concern here but I am very familiar with VigLink's system and I believe you fundamentally misunderstood how its works. It's also most definitely not a breach of copyright as Reddit owns the domain and you agree to terms when you sign up.
&gt; Again, that's not what was said over here. Because he's giving a top level overview of the program to people that don't know anything about affiliate marketing. Trust me, it's simply rerouting through a domain owned by the affiliate program (sears in my example). Believe me on this, it's fundamentally how affiliate marketing works. If you spend 5 minutes google affiliate marketing, you'll realize this. &gt;And various other references in the thread that say that the reason the URL has to be changed on-click is so that people aren't confused when the altered link points at a 3rd party. e.g. Again, it's just a top level explanation for people who are illiterate in digital marketing. What he meant was, so that people don't get confused when it points to "sears.CJ.com/af/12345." instead of sears.com. That URL will only be used by Viglink, but it is assigned to them by sears. That's how affiliate works. Trust me, I do this for a living for brands much bigger than Reddit and have worked with Viglink extensively. &gt;My point is that reddit is altering my work, which would be covered by the "derivative work" aspect, but still saying it's my own work, which isn't the case. Yeah that's not how copyright law works, sorry buddy. It's not remotely illegal and happens literally all the time with tons of publishers. It's Viglink and other companies' entire business model and it completely holds up legally. &gt;Further, it makes a mockery of the next two sections that say reddit doesn't endorse content and doesn't have anything to do with where external links end up. And it still doesn't. The final destination URL will ALWAYS BE THE SAME. The only difference is that they redirect through an affiliate tracker controlled by the destination URL. This is known in affiliate marketing as deep linking. Whatever you link to, the person who clicks will end up on. I'm sorry but you fundamentally misunderstand how this works. You are trying to simplify something that you just don't have enough experience in to visual the process that is happening.
Yeah, all 30 seconds.
The sounds was TERRIBLE for that set. I couldn't hear them over people talking and they were one of the sets I was looking forward to the most. I simply don't understand how they can mess that up every single year. Is the placement of the sound tent just wrong or something?
I went to the bathroom during purity ring, came back to find out it started raining and I couldn't get remotely close. That tent needs to be 2x that size
The overwhelming amount of young teenagers was annoying but my biggest suggestion for Gov Ball is this: Use a much larger tent than the current one, but put it where the Honda Stage is. This solves a few problems. 1) You now have more room under the tent for electronic acts and people who have extravagant sets. I've had a terrible experience at the tent quite a few times because it is too packed. 2) You not have more room for people to go when it's raining. Purity Ring was a shitshow because everyone pushed in to get out of the rain. 3) You mitigate the sound quality issue of the Honda stage. It has been terrible for 3-4 years now. It needs to be dealt with and I believe a tent would help. 4) You could put 1 headliner in there and better shield the two stages from each other, allowing higher audio levels than are currently used at the Big Apple.
Sugarcoating slavery is a very real problem we are facing? Where is this happening? I'm honestly curious.
That's not the 76ers strategy at all. They are in the position they are in now because of the poor setup of the NBA for middle of the pack teams. Basketball only has 5 players on the court for each team, so 1 or 2 players can win a game or championship. The Sixers had this with Iverson. When he left, they became a middling team that finished 5-8th every year, which is purgatory in the NBA. You don't get a good enough draft pick to turn it around and you aren't good enough to win anything meaningful. The bad teams get good, not the mediocre teams. The Sixers were in this spot for ~7-8 years and decided that if the system was going to fuck them, fuck the system. They started losing on purpose with 2017 as the finish line to build a strong team. It wasn't a "we don't care that we suck" it was a "this is the best way to build a long-term contender" strategy.
TIL "you folks" means "every Bernie Sanders supporter".
&gt; And that's my number one thing is to get money out of politics Citizens United is literally one of Clinton's top issues. The case was ABOUT HER. It's not only policy, but it's personal. I know people may not trust her cause she is related to people that work at financial institutes (like almost everyone else who has lived in NY) but that is a major issue for her.
I literally just listed what I thought in another comment, try reading it. You said nothing to counter my point and showed your ignorance on the subject. She's going to be president and the supreme court will overturn Citizens United thanks to her appointments. Feel free to save this comment and if it doesn't happen within 4 years of her first state of the Union I will fly you to anywhere you want in the world and pay for an all inclusive 2 week vacation there.
Thanks haha, people in Philly seems to be genuinely ok with it. Creating an odd sense of community around the idea of losing on purpose. #TrustTheProcess
The Pacers were in a weak Eastern Conference and never once even got to the finals in those years. Hilariously, in one of them, they didn't even get further than the Sixers, and that was when the sixers decided to start bombing. The Pacers also got incredibly lucky with George and Leonard in the previous 2 drafts and still weren't even able to get to the next level. Either way, this is entire discussion is beside the point that the Sixers aren't losing because they don't care about winning. They have a long-term plan.
How many excuses? I didn't realize Indiana's dream was being pretty good, not making the finals 3 years in a row, and then missing the playoffs. If that was their goal, then kudos to them. I guess I'm confused because in Philadelphia, being kinda good isn't a success metric.
No, they blow out the speakers every year. Some acts may be fine there, but it's been an issue almost every year.
Damn, you're salty as shit. You're mediocre. The Sixers have been to the finals more recently than you, that's how mediocre you are.
The advice I got from my mentor when I graduated college is that if you start in NYC you can go anywhere, but it's not always easy to go the opposite way. Honestly, the "massive account" isn't necessarily better. Size of the account or name-recognition of the client isn't very important for learning and in NYC very little weight is put on the specific client you worked on. What matters more is who you'd be dealing with on the client side and how good they are to work with. I will always recommend going to NYC out of school if you have the offer. It's not easy in terms of living, but it pays off in my opinion. You will be surrounded by the best in the industry, will make tons of connections, and will have tons of fun events and networking opps. Feel free to PM me if you have any questions.
Bearfight players with a bench first team players on the bench. We bring them on if we truly need them for the W, but otherwise keep them rested.
She didn't say healthcare is off the table, she said scrapping the ACA is off the table and single-payer is not possible in the current political climate, which is true.
That's not what they asked. They asked if it's harder to go into NYC from another city vs out of school. It is. You're lying to yourself if you think otherwise.
1) Where did they say they are a creative? 2) You don't need to go to school in NYC to get your first job there 3) I'd love to see you back up the idea that most people in NYC advertising didn't start their career here, because I'd say at least 80% of them did. 4) Austin is also one of the biggest ad cities, much bigger than Dallas, so not a great anecdote. 5) NYC is the ad capital. If you think otherwise, I don't know what to tell you. I don't think you could find many people in the world that would agree with you on that.
Yo my man, I'm back. Just got my tattoo tonight so I think I can make the game. Any updates on your plans? Would I be sitting with you?
Slow down...it could also be Jaws, who was the 2nd best Crazy Bone of all time after Funny Bone.
Idk if you signed up for Coffey's list but since we last talk I got an email from them and got booked by a guest artist, Bryan Sanchez, and got a watercolor from him. He's usually stationed in Miami, but it seems like Coffey's list payed off!
They sign with the league, the teams just agree to pay their salary above the DP threshold.
As in Adtech? You're not really going into much details here. Would you be writing scripts, working in hard SEO, building landing pages, etc? There's a lot different directions there. Either way, again, I would suggest NYC, but it's ultimately your choice. Good luck!
I feel like probably not us, considering we appear to be actual contenders this year.
His music is pretty open about it
Obviously you've never handled small children. The kid was on the edge of the water on a beach while the parents were a couple feet away. An alligator came up to the beach and grabbed the kid. The dad immediately was on top of the alligator and tried to wrestle the kid back. Not to mention this is in the middle of disney world, a stone's throw away from the Magic Kingdom, the happiest place on earth. That's a freak scenario. I'm sure thousands upon thousands of kids play in those exact areas every year. It's a fucking beach at a resort. I seriously hope nothing like that ever happens to your kids because I guarantee you will not be holding their hands 24/7. Then you'll have idiots online blaming you for the freak death of the most important person in your life.
&gt; If any of those children had gotten lost, hurt, broken something, etc. it would have been my fault. You would be held responsible, but that doesn't make it automatically your *fault*. If you spend any extended period of time around small children you would know that they always find ways for unfortunate things to happen. Again, not everything has to be somebody's fault. If you're walking hand in hand with a kid and the kid trips and breaks their arm, it's not you fault. It's not the kid's fault. It's nobody's fault and it just happened and it happens with kids ALL THE TIME.
I don't think Tony Hawk as much as guys like Alva and Peralta, who were a little before him and popularized that style.
I wrote my response to OP, but decided to post it here as I 100% agree with you. It will be the same thing that happened with hedge funds. Goals of PPC will be the same but with lower margins to be made and closer competition. Basically, automation will solve a lot of the inefficiencies in the market, which is basically what PPC people are doing now. Look for the inefficiency that others aren't recognizing. Where can I bid that others aren't? What long tail keywords will give me the best CPA? How do different channels affect one another (aka attribution)? Algorithms will be able to figure that out way faster than humans can. This will shift weight back to human relations, nuance, and quality of creative.
I know we're playing a much lower level side, but it still amazes me how we move the ball this year. It's night and day.
Some high quality H^2 O
Paeshment, it's Earnie's big secret.
&gt; Of course, the Union of old would wind up like that England/Russia match. I only remember flairs getting set off in PPL once...
Jamie Thomas was one of my favorites in THPS
DING DING DING. 2 points to Gryffindor!
Illsingbro...left foot homie.
wtf was mccarthy doing there?
Fuck, tyical fucking Union up a man. FUCK!
I'm more pissed at our players now wasting energy before saturday than anything, fuck.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!! DOOOP!!!!
No, but you have more experience dealing with children. That's like saying an engineer isn't more qualified to speak about engineering because they got accepted to college. While true, you're completely ignoring the fact that they actually studied it while there.
It's unbelievable. We're as good or better at every position this season vs last (and much deeper). How Edu integrates back into the lineup could be the deciding factor for us. If he is able to play the #6 role at his top potential and we sign a striker in the summer window, I think we have the quality to challenge for the whole thing.
I've heard multiple people report that Curtin and Earnie have tasked 1 or 2 members of the coaching staff with drawing up and practicing set pieces, so that we more or less have staff dedicated specifically for that. It has certainly paid off.
I'm from Philly, trust me, I get it. My point is that it's your responsibility to weed it out, and nobody elses'. It's a cultural issue that needs to be solved, not necessarily a logistical one. Maybe the supporters groups need to have a summit and figure out why this is happening in certain ones and work on fixing it. Not sure, but you'll all be grouped in with these asshats in the public eye, it's life.
&gt; We were all children, once. Lol, I understand the rest of your argument, but that's like saying everyone who has had surgery would be a good surgeon. I would also say that parents are more credible on certain subjects just in terms of pure statistics. A parent is more likely than a non-parent to know certain things. Every parent might not know that, but they are certainly more likely to know.
&gt;I don't think the solution is to just ban them Again, banning them isn't the solution.
What makes them outsiders? They are people that want the same team to win, go to the same games, sing the same chants, etc. They are part of a fanbase and need to be handled as such. Saying "they're not real fans" and "we banned them" and "it's them not us" doesn't solve anything. As I said in another comment, have all supporters groups on the same page. Have a text hotline number in every supporters' phone, teach people warning signs and how to deescalate situations. Sanction entire supporters groups if their members are involved. There are solutions, and shifting blame isn't really one of them.
Text a hotline, take a picture, hold their entire group accountable, submit details to police, etc.
Yeah, it's definitely a process. Not your fault, just a shitty situation. I've been to plenty of NYCFC games and haven't seen anything remotely bad. I'll be at the match on Sat and expect it to all go smoothly as well.
&gt;I never said that we would all be great parents just because we were all children. Then why did you include this line: &gt;We were all children, once. For quite some time, I might add. I can't think of any reason to include that unless you are implying that being a child somehow gives you credibility on childcare.
Ah, I see what you are saying now. I mean, I get it. Trust me, I do. But I there are still steps that can be taken. More of a "see something, say something" approach.
I was in that section and that didn't happen. I have a video of the entire thing. Your fans turning around and throwing shit at us and one of your poser supporters throwing a punch at my friend sitting next to me. Your fans got mad that we were chanting "Buffalo Bills" and routing for Houston. The SoBs weren't throwing anything (though we may have had silly string). Here's a snippet: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkuOBRT09zs
Yeah, I'm sure hotlines are available (they should be at least). My point is getting all the supporters on the same page and discussing what to look for, what to report, etc. It won't solve everything, but it's a step.
The difference is that ISIS is trying to gain physical military and governmental power over a land area. They can use Islam as an excuse to to rally people to join their effort so they can rule over an area. This guy wanted to push his specific political agenda. He had no power to gain and the Brexit movement has no other power to gain by "brexiting". If anything, both ISIS and Brexit people are using Islam as an excuse to push their agendas while having exterior motives.
Just curious, but how long of a trip is it from lower manhattan to your stadium? If we meet in the next round, I'd seriously consider going. Union/Comsos matches are always entertaining.
Nah, sorry can't help you there. May want to check on the Union's Big Soccer page for that.
Damn that's a hike, thanks.
Reading Terminal was good when Rick's was still there, but they've been gone for years.
Dalessandro's if you want to make the trek up to Roxborough. Worth it in my opinion.
Then don't go there? They don't need your money and the attitude is part of the experience. It brings in more money than it scares away.
You know how you go to another city, like DC and see people advertising "New York Pizza"? That's how people from Philly view "Philly Cheesesteak".
Which is fine, but when a place has that, it's a pretty much a sign that it's not really that good. Source: From Philly, live in NYC.
No worries. I also don't think these guys are psychopaths just looking to kill, so I agree with the article on that. I just think it's more complicated a situation than simply doing what they are doing in the name of Allah. Either way, fuck'em, good luck on your exam.
Yeah my first thoughts (not sure why) were aids or cancer. It's a bit odd that we'd terminate his contract for personal health reasons that aren't career threatening. Perhaps someone in his family is sick? Either way, it's a tough loss for the Union but I wish him all the best.
I think a lot of people have trouble understanding this but (if it is mental health related) this is all too familiar of a situation for US Soccer fans. I always recommend [this article](http://www.mlssoccer.com/post/2015/01/04/landon-donovans-other-legacy-challenging-stigma-mental-health-word) when the conversation comes up.
I mean, that makes sense but where was this confirmed, I've only heard rumors?
idk why you're getting downvoted here, but yeah that's probably why. He's been one of the top #8s in MLS for the past 3 years.
Yeah, it'll be a big shot, especially with Edu out. Hopefully we sign someone, I've heard Poku thrown around but I'm not sure that he fits.
I'm partial to "We got the nukes" sung to the tune of "We got the beat" by the GoGos
An oldy but a goody. I remember it from probably 7 years ago or so? Sung it in Philly, I forgot who against but it was a bunch of metro supporters that taught me haha
haha thanks, I left one malkovich in there just to keep watch. And thanks, hopefully we carry on without Nogs. How are Chaco and Wenger treating you?
Beckerman fucks everything up though cause we've looked amazing with Bradley hanging back and Jones going box2box. We really have no legit replacement for Jones.
That doesn't make sense, Besler would be LB. If anything I think we'd see Besler at CB, Johnson at LB, Cameron at CDM. Honestly, Klinsmann is in a tough spot here, but I'll support whatever he goes with because there's no perfect solution. Sucks we played undisciplined. But that's what you get with Jones and young players like Woods.
Oh, yes Argentinian Pulisic...I believe his name name is Mr. Meseeks or something similar?
Jones is always a wildcard though on that front. I think Klinsmann is a purist with the idea that once the whistle blows, it's in the players' hands.
I heard she said, "John Brooks is bad at soccer."
I think he has higher potential but I think he's about at the level of Gooch before his injury. A lot of people forget that Gooch was signed by one of the best clubs in the world right before his injury who already had a stellar defense.
Not all cancer is life-threatening, or at least not more so than many many issues you would characterise as such.
I think they were confused by having no control over the feed. They were going in blind. JP is usually one of the best american announcers.
He was doing that every time the camera hit him. At first I thought I was imagining it, but this confirms my suspicions.
&gt;your insight with regards to growth hacking Growth hacking is a buzzword that means jack shit IMO. There is no "hacking", it's just marketing on a budget. My advice? Do things that don't scale then move onto the next once you grow.
Top clubs have already showed interest in him, and i'm sure he'll be out best CB ever, but I think the comment is underselling Gooch. He was an elite CB that could have gotten time at almost any club in the world at his peak.
lol what? He's out of North Carolina.
There's a difference between producing in Ableton and live mixing with it. The reason many people use it is because it is easy to transition from producing it there to playing shows. Regardless, all of these softwares are hard to "master" but Ableton is really known for being one of the easiest. The only thing you'd not seen it used for is mastering really.
I mean, he's still stationed out of there and plays on the east coast a lot. He's literally playing in Delaware tonight.
&gt; The fact is, Jozy's form at Toronto is clouding people's vision. Also, if you watched TFC this season you'd know that the team was set up for Jozy to feed Seba and he actually was playing pretty well.
where you getting 8 from? Also, again, we've had it since our first season. You're not really making a good point.
I mean, I know NYC is a big city, I live here, but acting like Philly isn't a "big city" is a bit ridiculous. Philly is approximately the size of Barcelona.
Nogs just left the team, Sapong is out hurt, and our team generally plays with space. Was never a good outlook.
Not looking great, still a while before he returns.
yeah, NYCFC played midweek too though so that's expected. Not sure why we didn't play Gaddis against the City Islanders
Thanks, spread the word whenever you see it mentioned. While hola works, it exposes you to much more potential bad than good
Personal health reasons, terminated contract with the team to return to france. Rumors that it's mental health related but nothing confirmed.
This team honestly reminds me of last year's squad. We need to bring on Alberg early, like 55', then Fabinho' around 60'. I wouldn't even know who else to use after that but we need posession.
Came in from the dutch league. Is preferably a CAM but can play as a #8 or at LM from what I know. Pretty good player but I don't think he's 90min fit and he's not at the same level as Barnetta.
FUCK, Ilsinho has no left foot.
We're clearly not prepared to play on this pitch. It's like the players are surprised when they turn and their teammate is less than 10 feet away. We constantly have players panicking and running for balls that should be going to other people. This causes clusters rather than space and forces mistakes.
and?
New fan? Welcome, don't judge us of this game, trust me.
I just don't see the point you're trying to make. I'm not talking about other teams, I'm talking about our team. Other teams are kinda irrelevant.
&gt; They stand for secular progressivism and equality So they are biased? When a "new program" stands for something, that, by definition, means they are admittedly biased. They aren't reporting the news, they are pushing their own personal agendas. Reddit is about discussion. They are welcome to come on here as users and discuss. But posting their shows as a reputable source is misleading.
$25 a day? lol, leave them, are you serious?
Do you think he just took a picture everyday? I assume that he had to record a video everyday of him singing at least part of the song, otherwise it would be insanely difficult to move his mouth to the song with snapshots
You do not call advantage in the box, that fundamentally defeats the purpose of advantage. The idea of advantage is that the possessing team is in a better position without the foul called and to continue the play. There is no greater "advantage" over a penalty kick. If you've ever seen this called, the ref is wrong.
Eh, that wouldn't really be advantage in the box though IMO. "Advantage", by definition, means "letting the play to continue". If someone is fouled on the shot and it goes in, I wouldn't necessarily call that advantage, but regardless, that's not even remotely the situation we are talking about with Le Toux.
I find this unlikely. How would he know exactly where to position his mouth everyday? He's have to somehow line it all up to the music in order. I'm saying he probably sung a part everyday and cut it into a still frame at the right part.
I've been on that rooftop before too, weird thing to notice on Reddit.
The ball went through a hole in the wall, so he couldn't see until it was too late. This goal is really on whoever was in the wall, not Blake.
Who cares how it is officially classified? People need to stop using semantics to avoid answering criticism. An AR-15 is a machine designed to end other humans' lives without their permission. It doesn't matter what you call it, that's specifically what it is. The fact that people use semantics to equivocate it to a 30-30 or .30-06 is ridiculous.
Eh, even when we were good, it was always a more family friendly crowd.
The people here couldn't write 99.99% of laws. That's WHY we elect politicians. These people aren't ignorant on firearms, just because they use different terminology than you. And I'd be fine with banning all semi automatic guns, yes.
&gt; Our politicians aren't exactly knowledgeable, either. Which is where lobbyists come in. Politicians are experts in legislation, which involves getting the letter of the law in the correct language. &gt;Then I have a question; are you okay with the increase in homicide that would likely follow, given it occurred in the UK, Australia, Jamaica, and Ireland following their gun bans? Did those countries only ban semi-autos? No? Then I fail to see the implied correlation. &gt;Furthermore, what makes you so sure we can keep our guns and lower our crime rate? What makes you so sure we can't? What makes you think decreased crime rates is the only goal? Mass murders don't majorly affect crime rate, but many people still die in them. &gt;Do you accept that **all** crime (including homicide and gun crime) is driven **primarily** by poverty? 60% of the time it works every time, right? Yes, poverty is a major driver of crime, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't restrict any means of carrying out these crimes. &gt;If that's the case, why not elevate those in poverty to the level where they are no longer committing such a high amount of gun crime, particularly when their low-crime peers with guns have homicide rates on par with Europe? So your solution to the gun problem in America is socialism or am I missing something? Obviously raising lower income levels is also a goal, but that comes with education and a ton of other factors.
&gt; If you were one of my juniors i would fire you for bringing up native advertising. Lol, what are you talking about? How is this being upvoted? I would say the overwhelmingly vast majority of consumer brands invest in native advertising. I recommend you take a minute to actually research was "native advertising" means before making such absurdly false statements in such a condescending manner.
Not even close. This person has no idea what they are talking about.
It's convenient to ignore my entire point that lowering crime rate isn't the only goal of gun control. The Orlando shooting is barely a blip in crime rates, but it could have been prevented by banning semi-automatic weapons. Acting as though lowering crime-rate is the only goal is a strawman. Crime can be caused by a multitude of factors that will never be entirely eliminated. Eliminating means to carry out the crimes can help in multiple instances. With your logic, we might as well sell Nukes at CVS because crime is the issue, not bombs.
Ok, so moving marijuana to schedule 2 would fix that problem, so Hillary's specifically to addresses that.
&gt; I'm not saying it's dead -- I'm saying things have to change. Unlike yourself, other agencies and marketers have NOT shifted their mindset. I've seen it over and over again. But what are you basing this off? Literally every single major agency has seen these trends and started shifting over a year ago. Maybe I'm just surrounded by people in the know but I think it's naive to this the Ogilvys, Razorfishes, 360is, Digitases of the world aren't constantly shifting. The ad industry is constantly shifting. &gt;Not every social network is "primed" to be a medium for sales. Agree and disagree. Revenue is the end goal of every advertising campaign. It may not be easily attributable, but even branding has the goal of sales. If you could figure out that attribution, you'd be a trillionaire, but I think it's the ultimate goal. Snapchat rolling out programmatic buying with third party measurement tools will certainly change the game though.
Where are people watching in NYC? I used to go to Nevada Smiths before they got shut down and I'm not sure I wanna deal with Jack Dempsey's.
Word, thanks, I'll probably hit it. If not tonight, then for the next match at least.
&gt;but they're taken reservations for the game so it's probably too late Studio Square is MASSIVE, so I'd be surprised if you couldn't get in.
Pulisic with the game winner, heard it here first boys.
Who's that small white man standing next to God?
Yeah, he should kept it the same and played all those suspended players right?
Because we're losing to the best team in the world? lol. They're better than us at every position, what did you expect?
You need world class to beat argentina in a competitive match.
Yeah it's unbearable. Fire Klinsmann, this lineup sucks, why are Beckerman and Wondo starting, etc. It's like the last match they watched was Belgium.
Thank you, this thread is filled with ignorance. I feel like /r/the_donald is brigading us for shits and giggles or something.
Please just leave the sub if you're going to come with that xenophobic bullshit.
Honestly, he probably will but I wouldn't be upset if he doesn't. I'd be ok with Nagbe at 55' for beckerman, but then you don't really have many other good choices. Pulisic doesn't make sense right now because Zusi and Zardes have been our best players. We just don't have great players with the suspensions.
People are just screaming doomsday and random bullshit. They are criticising everyone like we were expected to win. I want to have legitimate discussions after the game without having to deal with that.
See, that's reasonable discussion haha
Yeah this wasn't the best move. I was against it, but at least we're getting pulisic minutes.
Yedlin is so fast.
Looks like Birnbaum for Beckerman?
lol, chill it was a smart sub.
We just shifted to a 3-4-3 I think
yeah, no bueno
Ah, so our savior Pulisic didn't save the game? Fire Klinsman, right guys?
Probably why it isn't the best idea to start a 17 year old against the best team in the world.
lol, I really hope you're being sarcastic.
4
Zusi was top 3, so yeah idk what you're talking about. This isn't on any 1 player.
Prepare to play the best team in the world? What did you want them to do, train in a hyperbolic time chamber?
honestly, our youth system has look abysmal for the last 10 years. It's just now showing some promise
And I think Bradley suffered badley from not having Jones next to him. He was forced to adjust to Jones' role and increase his speed of play and it simply didn't work.
Preach. We didn't really have many better options. Maybe Perry Kitchen? But what makes anyone think a kid who just got signed by a non-Old Firm team in Scotland is ready to shadow Messi? We simply don't have the quality to even make this an ok game, let alone win.
Pulisic would have been pulled by halftime. He isn't physically up to the task yet. Nagbe isn't a CDM, so who do you start him over? In hindsight you could say Bradley, but obviously that's not happening.
Yep, I see how anyone can argue that. I think people are just emotional now. We had a good tournament, finished top out of Concacaf, got some young players some good experience and still have a game left. Could be worse.
Except our young base actually is pretty good now, at least the best it's been in 10-15 years.
No worries man, glad there are some voices of reason in this sub haha. It's your right to feel however you want about the team, hopefully we'll be on the other side of this discussion in years to come!
Nah, he's Donovan 2.0.
&gt; Less government = less corruption. And you were supporting a self-proclaimed socialist? lol
Bernie was in a 2 person race and wasn't running against an incumbent.
Where will expecting more get you? Will it magically make the players better? It's a process, these things don't happen overnight. There are higher expectations for the future, but for right now this should have been what literally everyone in the world expected while playing the #1 team in the world without 3 of our hottest players.
Creavalle is very MLS 2.0
[ALBERG WAY TURNT UP!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMwi8vFXUpo)
hmm weird, maybe Blake just seemed upset giving up 3 goals or was there something more there?
Yeah I have friends in the UK that bet on MLS all the time because of the weird odds. They kinda follow the league and just clean house.
Also these league minimum guys: - get bonuses for appearances and starts - get free transportation for work - get free healthcare - get free meals and nutritionists - some teams help pay for housing (I know RBNY does)
How did you get that takeaway from this article? The article is literally 100% in agreement with what you are saying. The author is saying we should stop asking "Why aren't we good now?" and should start asking "what’s the best path for more improvement?".
&gt; "Yes, of course we have room for improvement, but we're better than what we were so calm down", The difference here is that you are putting quotation marks around things the author never said, and mine was a literal quote from the article The author literally says the question we should be asking is "what’s the best path for more improvement?" The point of the article is that people need to chill the fuck out every time we don't win a major tournament (especially when eliminated by the #1 team in the world). We will have growing pains, but instead of whining and throwing a tantrum because we're not the best in the world right this moment, we should should be looking at what has helped us improve in the past and how we can continue to improve in the future.
What will being upset that we lost to the best team in the world get us? Will it magically make our players better? No. The USMNT did represent our country well by 1 of 4 teams to get to the semis (while the other 3 were all ranked top 10 in the world). That's good company and we will improve in years to come, but having a tantrum now won't do anything.
Yeah but we just got a healthy chunk of allocation money from Lahoud's sale and have Nogs off the books. I think we have the room.
Source? Because that's entirely wrong.
Yeah, I mean, everyone knows the term pie in relation to pizza, nobody would not know that. Maybe they were fucking with you. It's very common in Philly.
It's generally only a Philly thing.
The font mirrors your chosen text font on android.
Android.
He gets to train under his longtime mentor for a year, so this could be worse. He's still only 24 (which is kinda crazy to think about) so he has some time to develop.
Exactly. This person obviously had access to their Facebook, I don't see how this is so hard to understand.
Catholic schools are among the cheapest private schools, believe it or not. The list of schools you posted is also 4 years old, and tuitions have risen significantly. For example: Abington Friends was listed there at $28.4k but [is actually $33.8k](http://www.abingtonfriends.net/admission/tuition/) This is just one example, but $28.5 definitely isn't even in the top 20 for the Philly area. While $28.5k is obviously expensive in the grand scheme of things, 50% of the students there go for free and they are almost all on scholarship/fin. aid. Playing soccer at a top level costs a ton of money in itself, so it's not like it would be a terrible deal to pay half of the $28.5k a year for all your elite soccer expenses and private school.
The Brexit very much a major issue in US politics. The submission has to be about US politics, not every part of the subject. Otherwise we couldn't post about shit like T-TIP. The emails, no matter how much reddit jerks off to them, will NOT affect the election. Shit like the Brexit very much could. http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2016/06/28/trump_brexit_and_the_state_of_the_race_131036.html http://www.newsday.com/opinion/brexit-s-long-shadow-over-the-u-s-election-1.11979613 http://www.voanews.com/content/brexit-vote-likely-to-crush-chances-of-ttip-trade-deal/3394959.html
I wouldn't call it "blame". MLS is progressing pretty much as planned. The league is growing at a slow/steady rate, building new stadiums, expanding, bringing in better talent and recently signed a major TV deal. The idea of star power works now because it keeps parity, but garners interest while avoiding arms races. The league will certainly continue to loosen the rules as we've seen with TAM, added DPs and HGP money. We still have 6 years to next checkpoint.
Come in here, dear boy, have a cigar, you're gonna go far...
DOOP MOTHER FUCKER!!!
HOLY SHIT YESSS!!! DDOOOOOOPPPP!
Fernandes not off to a great start
lol Marsch
I just imaged Marsch storming off the pitch to post aggressively on the Reddit match thread.
We've really stepped out social media game up since Earnie's arrival.
Damn, I wanted the Cosmos.
&gt; They had options like Nagbe but left him on the bench. Yeah, you're right, the GOAT Darlington Nagbe would have totally neutralized all 11 players on the other side and magically have taught the rest of our team how pass. We lost 4-0. Us getting "lucky" would have been getting a couple shots on net, not competing.
They specific mentioned beating Spain 7 years ago and Colombia 20 years ago. How are those not outliers? He wasn't talking about the recent world cup qualifiers, so please don't call me an idiot when you have no idea what you are talking about. &gt;US players are good enough Good enough for *what* exactly? What top team did we beat in the World Cup campaign? Ghana? Costa Rica in a Blizzard? Where exactly did we overperform our stereotype there? We performed exactly in line. We can beat middling teams, get to the last 16, but can't beat top teams. &gt;But it never looked like they didn't know what the fuck they were doing. At least, not until the last Gold Cup. Lol, what? How about when we crashed and burned in 2006? How about how we got raped by Mexico twice in a row after the "not outlier" performance against Spain? How about how we gave up a goal at the beginning of almost every single game under Bradley? We don't "consistently" or "regularly" overperform our stereotype. We have lucky games sometimes like against Spain, just like every fucking country in the world has. The US is pretty much exactly in line with where everyone sees them, outside a few homers that expect us to be somehow better than mediocre group of players missing 3 top talents. &gt; you that think the US talent pool is just shit and worth nothing. I didn't say this. I said our players aren't very good, especially not at the standards people like you are holding them to. I'd love to see where we are magically so much better than before? When a pretty good MLS midfielder sitting on the bench is our best option to improve our chances against arguably the strongest Argentina team of all time, it's pretty obvious why the game went the way it did.
But then can we not come on this sub and act like what he is saying actually makes any fucking sense? You don't see people in /r/NBA posting every Skip Bayless quote to start discussion. It's annoying.
Is it 100% confirmed that those work emails were deleted after the fact and not while she was working? Just curious.
&gt;Reading the article, I don't see anything to suggest that though. Yeah, that's why I don't put too much weight into articles like this. I'm sure I've deleted thousands of work emails on the job. It's annoying that Reddit is so skeptical of every single thing posted except Clinton email articles haha. We'll see how it plays out eventually.
Where do you see unused basketball courts? I hardly ever see an open one where I live, it's actually hard to find space to play.
