Cody Kessler, Nick Chubb, Trevon Boykin, Deshaun Watson, JT Barrett, Connor Cook, Dak Prescott, Leonard Fournette, . You think he's better than all but 2 of them? Especially given that he's playing behind a god-tier offensive line/coach that turned a player who had never started a game with few starting reps in practice into a Heisman finalist, and another QB who played 3 games into a first round contender?
...are you saying girls are worse at math than boys?
Lebron would definitely be over him at 3-2.
There were 25 minutes left...
MAYBE IF YOU DIDN'T KEEP SHITTING ON US LIKE JOSH SMITH DID THE CLIPPERS WE WOULDNT
The East is objectively weak though.
Curry probably helps more than he does
In the eyes of stupid bigots maybe not
You can't use one show as evidence of societal values. Also, Jack was haunted by his choices continually throughout the show. Also, season 1 was made before 9/11
It's a fair point. Do you think society is as racist as it was in the 70s?
Are you saying they should not make money? There are more people who prefer Abram's version than a more Star Trek-resembling one, so why shouldn't they make his version?
DAE think Americans are dumb??
Care to detail some inefficiencies? I'm pretty new myself
I wish I knew enough flags/current events to understand the humor
I think all of Reddit sees him as the Cinderella right now
Were any of his assists 3 pointers?
What game is this?
If some guy keeps marrying women that show up murdered, I don't care how little evidence there is, he probably killed them.
Happened to Tyrone Swoopes after the Elite 11 IIRC
Nobody "expects" to have a season ending injury. Yeah, it has to be an outcome that is planned for in case it happens (and I'm sure they did), but nobody expects an injurt
Did this get linked to one of the crazy ones? I'm honestly in shock
Non-basketball fans won't know
Culturally It just feels different
Yes you can it disrupts everything
People can't watch the playoffs because of a fucking parade. That is beyond stupid, I don't know why PAC and B1G fans care so strongly about what day the Rose Bowl is on
The game has been pushed back from January 1st multiple times this century. Apparently tradition doesn't matter enough to compete with the NFL for views.
Apparently it's not too important of a tradition when it has to compete with the NFL. They have no problem moving it when New Years falls on a Sunday
Old old joke from a 4chan thread
&gt; losing players during the game is so much more impactful than losing them before. Except for when the players you lose during the game give you a 31 point head start
But you got a 31 point head start
holy shit
So that's what y'all meant when you talked about Pac 12 refs
Screw it it's as lighthearted trash talk as it comes
What did he do to mess up UT and A&amp;M?
40% of Americans have college degrees so I'd say being in that group gives you a very good chance of being middle class
So we shouldn't even have physics majors? Jesus Christ man, you sound like a bitter 60 year old who blames everything on lazy kids
Other acceptable answers include: Jakeem Grant's Immaculate Reception, Nick Rose's missed extra point
I meant I didn't know if the programs were ongoing or not
I don't think the SEC is any more unique with their offenses than other conferences.
You guys aren't very good at football
If you're talking about Girl Crush the song is not at all about lesbians
Your high school class was 1/6 of the entire town?
At some point it becomes too fat and I think this is past that point
I don't know what's more disappointing: Alabama winning or the trainer girl's ass y'all were hyping up
That is honestly the best onside I've ever seen
Howard had 208 of Bama's 335 passing yards. Insane
What incredible call and execution
Fucking normies won't be here for offseason shitposts
I'd say your secondary was more at fault
So say we all
Bama had way too many explosive plays to attribute it to luck. Best team in the country in my mind
You guys keep giving the rest of the nation a shot only for the rest of the SEC to fuck it up
One of the funniest plays I've ever seen live
It seems sillier for a tiny child to cross a line than for a soldier to shout while aiming a gun at them?
And you think a child deserves to be traumatized because their parents didn't watch them?
Yeah I think being in a P5 conference will up their recruiting and administrative investment to where they could legitimately compete. But they're not a good choice
Any particular reason for you noting that in this thread specifically?
I can kinda see why he's upset. You're come off condescending and holier than thou when you say things like "their program isn't used to this success". It would probably bother me
You guys did dominate special teams and had several series begin on fields of &lt;50 yards, but to me that just reflects that Michigan State dominated you on defense since you only scored 23. 8 of your 13 possessions went for 10 yards or less.
When did people like Miami?
Really? I had no idea
Vince Young is my favorite player of all time and I don't see how that at all reflects entitlement
Michigan vs Michigan State, TCU vs Oregon, and Georgia Tech vs FSU this year would all like a word
Hail Mary's are always flukes. It's more dependent on the DBs than the QBs anyways
3 seconds on the play clock really isn't that close
Maybe one day Oregon fans will have to like a team that isn't consistently top 10
Somebody call an ambulance
How many freshman All-Americans did Sumlin have in the non-Fool's Gold class?
Did Chris Warren's 276 yards and 4 TDs make him look better than he was?
Malik Jefferson and Connor Williams. The OU game. There's your points.
I guess I'll downvote you cause you come across like an asshole
Like 3 times lol
Things get real chippy around here in January
I guess? Seems odd to substitute Vince for another Texas player. Maybe he meant Lendale White
[much obliged](http://imgur.com/GdwtFrJ)
Lol. That Texas team was insanely talented. Jamaal Charles, Michael Huff, Justin Blalock, Quan Cosby, David Thomas, Limas Sweed, Michael Griffin, Brian Orakpo, Ramonce Taylor, and Selvin Young. NFL success does not define college success
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
I think that was game 5. Game 3 is when he really shined, the crowd was chanting his name unironically
I was hoping for around 8 assists per game with 14 points
My B. Game 2 was the HERES COME AUSTIN RIVERS game, game 3 he was 10/13 for 25 points
Harden would run one of the best bench units in league history if he didn't mesh well with Curry though
I mean Harden has to do a ton more on offense, his lack of effort on D at times is a function of that
Until he turns it over 5 times in a quarter dribbling around with the technique and franticness of a headless chicken
Yeah I'm just playing around I think we'll have a lot coming at once
I know Dion is good but now we're saying he's better than both Westbrook and Durant?
The derivatives would just be the number of 3s they made that year wouldn't they?
Yeah that's the stat that matters, who cares if you won?
IMO Portland is the best of the 4 and Houston is the worst
I mean they were down 3-1. Now, they've won 3 in a row against a good team and they won 73 in the regular season. Is it that ridiculous for them to be favored?
Westbrook/Irving and Durant/LeBron are totally different players though
I think you're getting downvotes because the investigation hasn't found anything that constitutes lawbreaking, at least not yet. It may have been negligent and against security policy but not illegal. It's also worth pointing out that (at least so far it seems) none of the emails sent out on the server were classified at the time of their being sent.
Okay but you said the only reason she hasn't been prosecuted is because she's a Clinton. There were other cabinet members doing the same thing who have also not been prosecuted. They haven't found evidence of crime. That statement is false
Ask 2011 about that
Not necessarily. You could reasonably expect a playoff contender to beat the second place team more than half the time. If two of them are fighting for a playoff spot as we've seen happen then that would help guarantee the winners gets a spot
Meanwhile Bernie is massively popular on here while /r/politics is /r/clintonemailscandal yet Clinton is winning while Bernie is more or less eliminated, so again why is Reddit a good reflection of US demographics?
No problem. I appreciate the civil discussion
From what I read there's no evidence that, at the time they were sent, any of the emails were marked as classified
Cavs have a decent bench though. Y'all are really looking for reasons to shit on Lebron. He hasn't played horribly, he's down 2-0 to a 73-9 team after 2 away games. What were y'all expecting to happen?
Don't forget when they took Fozzy from us (RIP)
Adding Central Florida for the sake of getting to 12 despite the fact that we can now have a championship is dumb. all it does is water down quality of play
You're acting like the better team wins every time. That's not true. It's all about probabilities. If team A is by far the best team in the league but they have to play the 2nd 3rd and 4th best on their way to the finals they probably have a lower chance than the top seed from the other conference
I don't understand this logic. LeBron picked his team therefore he should be expected to win the finals every year?
UT has 3 so yep
I mean you lost one game so you were either undefeated home or away. Not too surprising
I don't want to sound like an asshole because it really is an accomplishment but is Iowa the worst 12-0 team in recent P5 history? Not as an insult, genii le curious what people think
Not necessarily by default because they could have fewer applications as well but yeah I agree with your point
I mean UT has the best accounting school in the country but I don't think UT is a better school than Stanford and MIT
I didn't mean it as an insult. Y'all had a good team. I mostly was just curious about other ones that people thought were worse. It's a really exclusive group, lots of years don't even have one.
Wiggins isn't as good as Love yet and won't be for a few years. Thompson's contract didn't limit the team at all this year, it was well after all other signings. And when you have Lebron at 30 years old, you should be in a win now modd. It's their best chance to do it
DeMar played poorly for most of the playoffs. I wouldn't say he really proved his case for the max in it
Livingston is not the best mid range in the game
Keep moving the goalposts
Would you not describe /r/politics for the last year as an echo chamber?
Clever use of the metaphor and all, but it doesn't really change my point. Guy said Hilary would never apologize, and a source was provided where she did. It's a valid source. His comment was unfounded
Just because something can't yet be tested doesn't mean it's not scientific. Look at the discovery of gravity waves recently. That was a theory for a long time but was only proven recently. Aside from that, even though they're not testable, those predictions about the climate are literally the best, most informed possible "guesses" we have. Just because there's a hypothetical possibility that things work out more conveniently doesn't mean we shouldn't plan for what's expected
If you wanna attack it like that it depends on how long he was on the floor for in those games. If he played for 1 minute total and was -8 obviously he was bad and if he played for 44 minutes then he was probably a net positive. If you have a player who's -1 in a 30 point loss they were an asset even if they were technically negative
The only reason you think he's a quack is because he's peers have spoken out against his advice. You're trusting their judgement because it's their job. That's literally the point I'm making here
Sure but (and I realize this is totally hypothetical) if only there are a few dozen or some extremely small number you'd have a hard time saying its a systemic widespread issue
I mean 4 days ago this sub was up in arms because LeBron's team that HE created was getting blown out. He was getting a lot of flak then
How does someone look like that
What'd he say
Why?
He's averaging like 22 a game with 19 assists and 18 turnovers so far. Compared to the rest of the year that is not great for him
The thing about Clemsoning is that it isn't just choking. It's getting embarrassed on the biggest stages. I'll admit it's overdone, the only times they've really clemsoned are the Orange Bowl against WVU and against FSU whenever both of them were top 10 teams
It would be wayyyyy more than 35 lol
I wanna say Rich Neuheisel was coach?
They've finished in the AP top 25 6 times since 1960. I just don't see the culture there changing to allow for a lot of success. Maybe I'm wrong, any school is one good hire away, but I don't think Cal is particularly likely to make it
SEC is definitely the best conference, no arguments here. It's worth pointing out that 20 out of 25 of this seasons final top 25 were not SEC teams.
Kinda funny to me people are taking Chip Brown seriously just because it's a chance to hate Baylor. Obviously if true this is a stupid move for the university and totally unethical but every single other time something Chips says about a university that's not Texas that gets posted the top comments all point out his track record.
How the hell do you propose the justice system work?
I mean preseason predictions have been pretty accurate for them no?
Lol that's a joke. Ball handling, creating, rebounding, and passing all favor Harden
But if it's a necessary job why would it disqualify them? And why are they still dirtbags if they do it?
I feel like Michigan and Texas have very similar roles in their conference
You'd never get 12 minute halftime at the college level
I wouldn't call the Big 12 a governing body really. It's a group of teams with financial interests in common. It doesn't hand down sanctions
What about this year against Stanford?
He played well against Stanford. You can't deny that. He had lots of good games against those schools. I'm not going to hold having a historically bad defense against him. You also shouldn't hold a game when he was a freshman against him, especially one where the defense gave up 63. Look I don't even love Goff as a prospect but you're going to have to provide evidence based on specific parts of his game that are bad instead of narrative-based, team-influenced bullshit like you are.
Hello Mark Cuban
Eh. If it's a one year draft then yeah but younger guys would definitely be picked first
called the rockets predictable before last year's playoffs. Taken a little out of context to be honest
He probably needs 7 to keep his job. I think he'll get there.
If we can beat Notre Dame we'll have at least one win
Just curious what was Colorado's score in the 2005 Big 12 championship?
Sumlin has been there longer to be fair. Charlie did himself a huge favor by beating OU and showing what the team is capable of. I think the fact that our team was so young last year gave him some breathing room
Do you have any sources/evidence that he's the 2nd best in the nation?
As much as I enjoy the comments not at all related to what we were saying, I didn't say you weren't a good team that year. I'll try to follow your logic here. So you were better than Bama, Bama was better than LSU, and LSU was better than y'all. Can't call that game a fluke since they finished 10-3. I feel like there's a hole in that logic somewhere. So yeah, I am arguing *how* good you were. Not as a good as Bama. But yeah, if you insult Texas enough the thought process makes sense
Something something would've made a great safety for the Horns
I wouldn't say you outplayed them the whole game. You had a fantastic first quarter and then they clawed their way back the rest of the day. But I can at least respect the thought process. I just hate the whole mindset that a lot of people have that winning one game means a team is better. Things are more complicated than that. Also come on we were superior to KSU
Lots of things to say about this one 1) You clearly won't agree with this one, but the OU win wasn't a fluke. We weren't a better team on the year, but we dominated that game from start to finish at the line of scrimmage. We played very well against a good team. KSU didn't do that against OU. Doesn't seem fair to penalize us a game (or give them one) because we played really, really well 2) You're not counting the rather poor luck in the Cal, OSU, and Tech games. Any of those could have been wins. If we had a few bounces our way in those games we're an 8 win team too. 3) I honestly don't know enough about KSU's schedule and I assume you don't either to say they didn't have any fluke wins or losses. 4) Within the game itself, Texas played better. We were up 16-0 on them and dominating. Rain forced both offenses to stagnate. Heard told the coaches during the game that he didn't trust himself to grip the ball in that weather. It changed the gameplan drastically. They grinded out a field goal in the second half, but that was the only time they were close to a threat to score. We clinched the game with Swoopes and that was that. I don't remember any big opportunities that KSU missed. They were contained the whole game.
He went nowhere under Wickline so not sure about that
1) Maybe they weren't focused, but it was still a playoff team that Texas tossed around the field like rag dolls. We played a very, very good game against a quality team, and nothing should take away from that 2) There was also luck that kept us from running away with it (mostly referring to OSU there). Biggest point is that they were close games that we could have won). I don't think it's unreasonable to call it net unlucky 3) Looking at it now they had very close wins against WVU, ISU, and Louisiana Tech (3OT). They had close losses to OSU and TCU, but I don't remember anything especially remarkable or unfair about them. 4) The weather limited our opportunity to build on our lead and offense as a whole. Based on the rest of the game, KSU wasn't an especially big threat there. We dominated the last drive too for what it's worth
It was someone else's fault, but you have to step up and be a leader there.
What'd he say?
It's still like the 10th or so best league in the world
Yeah, the ones reported on oilprice.com. Give me a break
When has NFL success ever mattered in these discussions
something something hockey assist
regular season isn't the best measure though. Look at Lebron every year or some of the Spurs championship teams
You're kidding yourself if you think every game the Warriors played had the intensity of a playoff game.
Did you watch Lebron in the playoffs either of the last two years? He dominates when he needs to
Curry still played overall very poorly this series. People would've noticed that
He didn't play great for large stretches of the 2015 playoffs though
I'd like to remind you of this too lol
Not all of us
He didn't play that well in last year's finals either though
360 with the miss boi
Rose is an average PG. Not great anymore
People fail to mention that they were like rookies at the time
Being beat by a team doesn't necessarily mean you're worse than them. Unless you think luck and matchups just aren't real
38% on all shots. Even if a lot of them were good looks that's a solid number. Especially because he'll be getting good looks on the Olympic team
The same logic would apply. That's my point. You can't make sweeping decisions like the fact that the Cavs are better because they won.
That number counted walk ons who were given scholarships I think
The Democratic Party is competing for votes. Their positions are set up to get the most possible. Those positions just don't overlap with your views
He was so phenomenal at stripping the ball
Yes, evil Texas fans are so scummy for getting excited about elite players coming to the program
You're kinda having a double standard when you say a town of 100k because it would be a town of 100k fit men, so like a town of &gt;500,000 in reality
Taking the proportions is pointless here. You're doing (.18 X Country's population)/(.18 X Iceland's population). Making the same exact point that countries are in fact much larger than Iceland
I never wanna crawl up into a ball more than when my carelessness affect someone else in traffic. It's the worst feeling
I may be dumb but if you're in a two lane road are you not supposed to pass the truck/escorts on the other lane? I was on a highway once and tried to do it and the back escort changed lanes and blocked me off. Assumed you're not supposed to based off of that
A 3 point advantage in one game shouldn't be a big deal there imo
Worth pointing out that our OOC doesn't affect these rankings
To play the devil's advocate I'm fairly sure Tech has had a top 5 offense in years they missed bowl games. Could be wrong there
They have more resources than random ass redditors lol
I mean you already had a 40% chance of getting the number 1 pick IIRC. Fairly likely that it was just by chance
That dude is an animal
No wonder he had an off year how is the man even feeding himself at this point?
TIL conference finals on the back of his incredible performances = nowhere
What would that more critical look reveal? They thought Baylor was a better situation for them. They still liked Texas clearly, but not more than Baylor. The school they committed to no longer exists, and it's a different situation. Out of 127 other football programs in the FBS they kicked Texas. So tell me again without vague, patronizing references to taking a critical look at the program, why could this possibly be looked at as a negative?
I always interpreted that quote as Creed stole a man's identity but I didn't feel confident in that interpretation
There's 0 evidence that Strong was involved lol. Is it that ridiculous that a high schooler would do something like that without instruction?
Say it again baby
27 means you get 3-4 years of prime though. That's basically the length of his contract he'll sign
It's worth talking about when he makes the argument that A&amp;amp;M's engineering is higher. They're generally neck and neck so it's not fair for him to act like A&amp;amp;M is the place to be for it
You could certainly argue KD is a better player offensively
They had Boogie's health to lose and nothing to gain
Harden with the 25% shooting triple double aka the Westbrook
I mean yeah but the difference between 56% and 55% is small to begin with
Dallas?
Per 36 is garbage lol. If Frye could make that many 3s a game he would be doing it
The Warriors will do everything in their power to resign him lol. Plus I'm pretty sure he has Bird rights which allow the Ws to go over the cap to sign him but I'm not a contract nerd
There is literally nothing funny or original to them
Does the student policy say not to gangbang girls or what?
Generally agree but that doesn't apply to Harden at all he's a True Shooting monster
I was very surprised when I saw your flair. Respect for putting aside biases
Not the only way and certainly one of the primary ones. Especially in Harden's situation where the offense is basically Harden drives and either finds a big on the PnR or a spot up shooter outside
Idk what will die first this or the 3-1 lead jokes
The difference between 74% and 80% isn't that big especially when you consider how much more Lebron does it
If we were on the gold standard the Fed couldn't control interest rates to stimulate the economy
Running like a bull implies bullying people with size
I posted a clip of this like two years ago as one of my first posts on this sub. Simpler days
Would us beating you these past two years be funnier?
Pretty hard to score 40 points inefficiently
Do you really think the Spurs are a major threat to the Warriors though?
What the fuck was circa-2006 Ohio State recruiting?
/s?
Lol this sample size means nothing. Like good for OKC and everything but this doesn't indicate anything significant
He's better than Lillard ffs
Technically does not exist. Should be Lim x-&gt; 0^+
I think he meant easily as in it's in the realm of possibility, not as in without effort
Was the ACA by and large good for doctors?
IIRC she only sent one question
I was joking with my dad that Brewer is a decoy from anywhere on the court. My dad pointed out he was good at driving but I said he was prone to turnovers there and at that exact moment he turned over a ball on a drive. Never change Corey
Y'all got lots of shooting fouls in the first half that were questionable
Why are you acting like he didn't shoot 50% from the field and a number of those turnovers weren't his teammates fault?
I hear ya man. It's disappointing.
This is false and a common misconception. Vegas tries to make the line as accurate as possible. Giving Texas higher odds of winning would reduce the payout if Texas won the championship anyways
The optimists had us at 8-4 before this year. People need to stop acting like Texas fans are absolute morons with no sense of expectations
I'd say it's one of the best cfb finishes of all time.
Watch last year's game then
Not because this is about Texas, because it's stupid content. Same with Ohio State 31-0, Warriors blowing a 3-1 lead, etc
So what? OSU absolutely deserved to get in over them. Them losing badly doesn't really change anything
When Deshaun gave VY a shoutout on the interview after the game I loved him more than I thought possible
Woah
I've been here since like 2014 I'm well aware. Doesn't mean it's okay
James Harden is your MVP
They don't want a top 3 seed?
But if two shots bounce out then we lose. You're using results oriented thinking
You can definitely delay going to the hospital though.
If you're a professional basketball player you need to be lifting weights I don't care what your game is like
What was league average TS% back then? I know now it's 53%
Is it really that controversial of an opinion?
He's a much better scorer rebounder and rim protector though
It had enough legitimacy to make it to Obama's desk so there's that
I love our team so much
True Shooting is a better measure though and he's close to average in thar
What about the Thunder tells you they shouldn't sniff the playoffs?
Is it that bad? I have to believe 10-2 would have Aggies giddy
Literally nobody thought the Thunder would miss the playoffs. Adams, Kanter, Oladipo, and Roberson are all decent role players
What issues would you say they agree on exactly?
Yes I agree that with those two things they agree. However on everything else they almost universally disagree, especially anything social.
Not to the 21 million people on the ACA, or the millions of gays that are now able to marry, or the environmentalists trying to see anti-climate change legislation passed
Why don't more players do it?
Yeah but watch how he gets them. Hes gotten a bunch more on 3 and driving. There really haven't been as many egregious examples
Christianity has replaced Jesus
I'd put him below Lebron/KD and on the same tier as Harden/Curry
Felt like a contender for game of the year when it happened
Not only that why is this guy so confused how somebody could get tickets to a basketball game? It's not like the Master's where it's super exclusive or whatever like how have you not heard of Stubhub or something
Gotcha. I'm MechE right now and I'm nervous about it getting harder. First semester went well but I'm getting into statics and thermo and I'm wondering if it's about to get difficult
What was your GPA in undergrad, if you don't mind me asking
Absolutely. I was for it from the beginning. Free trade is good for everyone except for a few people in non viable industries.
To be fair I think I read GT is the backup of a ton of smart east coast kids applying to Ivy League schools
Kyrie kinda is too tbf
GT isn't easy to get into but it's pretty certain that you will if you have decent stats. From my high school that was a bunch of people's backup plan if they didn't get into Stanford/MIT.
Duncan's nickname is literally Mr Fundamental
Do you think that illegal immigration is worth $25 billion plus maintainance costs?
So your solution to fixing immigration would be to make Mexico a first world country
Somebody commented that on one of the children of the top comment of this thread, for one
I would say Houston undeniably benefits from Harden's passing while there's an argument OKC suffers from Westbrook rebound chasing
No idea if this is bullshit or not
Malone is Embiid preincarnated
I know who you're talking about but Ricky Rubio is not putting up gaudy stats
If you start with an average amount of assets I feel like it's hard to do that poorly. Raw talent will win at least some
37% from 3 is a decent mark tho...
&gt;Is there an NBA player that could possibly even touch Harden? No because that bitch would flail his arms and draw a foul
True Shooting is literally a measure of the points you produce per possession you use in a point scoring process. It weights everything exactly how it should. The least Mumbai jumbo advanced stat
We found the first Embiid hater
This guy knows how to get karma
They're the best refs in the world and they're trying their best. Accountability won't do shit
Yeah he is. Especially with his olympics history
I'm just guessing but pretty sure seeds 1-7 in the west have better records than their east counterparts. There's a drop off after 7 but the good teams are what defines a conference
That's a totally different situation though, Cavs were in win now mode
You should always take best player available in the NBA. I think that's pretty much consensus
I think that team could beat them. Starting 5 would work really well together imo. Harden and Leonard would get their touches and have incredible shooters to pass to
An open 3 is as good a shot as you're gonna get there
There's an argument that far more people would have died had America invaded Japan
Good god man. You have no way of knowing if it's gonna be an air ball. Jordan and Kobe have both air balled shots. You're using results oriented thinking and it's sad that you can't see why that's flawed here. A 31% chance to win the game *in that sotuaion*, down 2 with one possession left, is pretty damn good
What if he came through free agency?
Reading this late but why do people with just an X chromosome have abnormal development since one X chromosome is deactivated in women?
What does a possession mean? A possession that they took a shot on? Does it include the ones they were fouled on and shoot free throws? Does it include turnovers?
It's pretty god damn strong circumstances
Yeah but that's different from using their likeness if I understood what you were saying. Nobody's paying an offensive lineman for their autograph or to star in a commercial
Nah fuck that
Bleacher report is, however, a joke
Why is globalism a bad thing?
It also comes with lower consumer prices and lower poverty across the globe
You're acting like food production is a major, pressing issue. For one thing, the population has grown almost 50% since 1987 so there's half of your growth right there. For another thing, you're neglecting the rise of GMOs, pesticides, herbicides etc in your analysis. really, you're drawing a casual link based on complete conjecture and no scientific backing at all, other than plants use CO2.
Protectionism is just a tax that's hidden from the public anyways
Not a huge deal to. It's not amazing but it's not a terrible contract. Ask OKC or Milwaukee or Chicago or any of the teams with no shooting if they'd like that
that's such an overblown narrative
Protectionism is a bigger tax
Protectionism puts the interests of national companies above the interests of the American people
I've been saying it this whole playoffs, people only want to believe it's a 2 team league. It's a 1 team league
The saving grace was that the finals were competitive generally
Because we're always hearing about that food shortage
Populism has a very negative connotation
Not really for a guard who takes 3s
Strongly disagree. You can't knock him for his shooting numbers in Philly
Wrong person
That's a blatant lie. Check Lebron's stats in the finals with Kawhi on him. They're virtually the same
Ah shit I meant to say 3 point shooting not FT my bad
Lmao
There's absolutely an argument for Shaq being above him
I wouldn't call it stacked but it's about normal for a championship winning team
I know lol but that's not what you said
I know right like the guy is blatantly wrong lmao
Yeah I know haha
Not really they're pretty separate skill sets. Finishing at the rim is only relevant when the defense is actually there to defend you
Westbrook doesn't really solve any of the problems the Cavs are having
The league telling a free agent he couldn't sign somewhere would be a huge deal and even worse than this
Yeah both teams are the same as last year
I don't think the entire rest of the NBA could put together a team that would beat them. Probably try to dominate them with bigs that can get boards and PnR with elite defense. AD is obvious and honestly I think Deandre Jordan might be my pick for center. Him or Gasol. Kind of an interesting thought tho
Rockets had a championship with Hakeem and a bunch of good role players
Klay scores a large amount of points on incredible efficiency while not disrupting an offense and also plays great defense on the other end. He can be an incredibly useful player in any team because hes not a ball stopper. I don't think Wiggins can achieve that. Draymond is more difficult to compare him to because they're so different but I think it's unlikely Wiggins can match his defensive and ball movement skills. Hes obviously already exceeded him as a scorer so it's tough to weigh what's more important
Show me one comment saying TT would dominate in the post.
1 championship that they 100% wouldn't have won without him last year. His contract is perfectly fine
What about being down 3 with 5 minutes to go in the national championship?
Wasn't Earl Thomas number 12 when he was here?
Lol you think OSU can steal a coach from Texas?
I'm not so sure I follow that math
Ah
Okay, they have 2 MVPs, a DPOY, the best 3 and D, and best 6th man in the league
I'm really trying not to be dense but it still seems like someone could be unfairly screwed by this policy
I saw an interview from I think one of his economic advisors and he claimed Bush is a legitimate genius behind closed doors. His persona is mainly to appeal to his constituents
I don't have a problem with it. They got the defender to jump, they get rewarded
Yeah but that's not Curry's market value so it doesn't make sense to compare them
I can't imagine what his wife and son are going through right now. What an incredibly sad story.
That's not Bradley's market value though. It doesn't make sense to compare them
No?
This is not true at all
Yeah exactly. His size alone puts him in the mid tier, probably on the lower side of it but not horrible
No they did not. Wiggins is an inefficient volume scorer that does nothing else, including defense. He does not help the Cavs at all this series
I mean there's a good chance he takes the Greg Oden route at this point so I wouldn't get too invested
Because he's missed 2 years because of injuries and only played like 30 this year?
Wouldn't you say that makes him a bigger than average risk though?
Okay but it's now about comparing Curry's play to the refs calls, it'd about how much the refs calls have impacted the game. I hate the sentiment that you're showing
Best game ever
I will go ahead and say Garrett Gilbert throwing 5 picks made a 17 point difference or more
Generally when I see people talk about they stress the talent level but sometimes they downplay it. To be fair though, USC was 10 point favorites that game so they were definitely perceived as a good margin better
I disagree they were still an absolutely incredible team. IIRC they're the beat S&amp;P team since they started recording in 2005
Lmao this killed me
0d shoots and ladders
Did he say something about being persecuted?
Lol I love thunder fans. Not to disagree just funny to see a sentence like "widely considered the most bitch move ever" as if there was an official conference to discuss it and shit
Lebron shot like shit (not his fault, but still) in 2015 and played like garbage in 2011 and his legacy isn't shot. Shooting 30% in one game wouldn't wreck his legacy
Nobody says that here. People said it last year because Curry was having one of the best seasons ever
As a Texas driver I've just started passing people who drive in the left on their right side. I figure if they don't know the system, they're probably checking their right side anyways and it should be safe to pass
You're talking about totally different things. Being a marketed player is different from having the respect of teammates
It was a lazy way of saying it that I didn't feel like expanding But saying that a 10 year old playing basketball because he watched Jordan play is completely different than a teammate of his who pushed himself because of Jordan's leadership
They get fined for criticizing refs so I would imagine this gets fined too as it undermines the credibility of the league
&gt;physical passion Lmao I'm dead
You are a hilarious stereotype
The Clinton Foundation is rated very highly as a charity
This is so dramatic lol it's not that big a deal
They won a fucking championship all cap decisions are irrelevant compared to that. They can't win a championship with Wiggins
Wait do we do that? I guess ME 302?
This is proof that not everyone can be funny
Why do you say that?
I have had a crazy preacher come to my college campus and use that phrase to be fair. She also said she was her husbands property. Neat lady
Do you not see how women being intoxicated makes it difficult to prove in court? Often they can't remember what happened
Look at the things the Cavs needed to win in 7. Bogut injured, Draymond suspended, Steph hobbled. And they easily could have won. Warriors were the better team
But if you did Harden would be 1 right??
You can't compare them like that. It's just not fair to Al. It was a different, ISO ball, inefficient era in the league. Allen Iverson was the only option on those 6ers. He brought them to a god damn finals, Kyrie will never come close to that. Al didn't play with a Lebron or a Kevin Love either. I hate to say this because most of the time people are wrong when they do, but if you think Kyrie is better than Al you don't know basketball
After MJ, Kobe, Wade and West who?
I'll take the efficient scorer since rebounds don't matter for point guards
&gt;Lebron is the better shooter &gt;better shooter What the fuck
You can't hold 3 pointers against Jordan. They just weren't part of the game back in. Shooting is not the same as true shooting percentage. Unless you think Shaq is one of the best shooters ever. Michael Jordan was more efficient relative to his peers than Lebron is to his. Jordan took harder shots. He is objectively a better shooter.
3 point shooting isn't the only type of shooting. But I don't care enough about educating you on something 99% of NBA fans will tell you so I'm done here
Does Michael Jordan have an elite jumper?
I was mainly referring to the honorable mentions list
I'm saying the vast majority of those rebounds could be gotten by a big
Giannis shares Durant's body but like none of his game
&gt;they were a game away from being the 8 seed in the west "they were a below average team and somehow that's a positive"
I have no idea if this is the but in order to prove that this is unique to Wilt you need to look at 1) If team pace as a whole dropped significantly in the playoffs and 2) If ORTG as a whole went down in the playoffs. Raw numbers need context
Shot like 23% tho
I'm confused what you mean. First team all D would require being a top 2 forward
I mean Republics have reduced but fundamentally similar problems as democracies. If you aren't informed enough to vote on an issue directly what qualifies you to pick between people who control the issue?
Where did she coerce him?
He's in that tier right below superstar, but he's not there yet. A trade involving Butler and either Westbrook or Harden would require fairly substantial assets alongside butler
Not every draft is the same. In this case it seems pretty damn likely that Fultz is the best player. He projects so well
But playoffs were good last year??
Fuck that. Kawhi is a better perimeter defender but with KD's length he gives far better rim protection. Their defensive impacts are fairly close. And KD will be a top 5 scorer ever on the other side
Am I losing my mind? Kawhi is great on offense but there's a number of people I'd take over him on that end. KD is the best scorer in the league
Just so i understand, if a team has an integer value instead of like 9.5, that means if they get that number you get your money back?
KD's wingspan is 3 inches longer than his
I'm conflicted. On one hand I think it's be good to allow it to stratify players from Kyle Korver (who has made it once IIRC) from Lebron James but on the other you wouldn't want 1 player who's made a ton to make the position an outlier since he's only once player out of dozens of picks. Hmm
There is 0 percent chance you get AD. A player like AD comes so rarely, there is no way the Celtics have the assets you're willing to part with for that
There is not. AD will be a top 5 player for most of the next decade. You don't trade that.
If Fultz lives up to his billing there's nothing that makes this trade acceptable. Superstars are so incredibly valuable
You NEVER trade a player like AD. He's once in a generation. Imo more valuable than Lebron or Curry right now because of his youth and relative cheapness. AD will not be traded
You don't think a massive size difference across the DL would give Rutgers a massive advantage?
I mean you're close to objectively wrong
Yeah you're right if anything it's a positive that he smashed a woman's car in rage
I don't see how those are related? How dare people from well off families struggle in class
Dumb it down for me then
Team option means the team has an option to renew or forgo the contract?
Seriously. Chris Bosh has a nonzero chance of dying on the court. No team would consider signing that and the NBA sure as fuck wouldn't allow it
Are you counting Fultz?
No real superstars there tho. KAT and Embiid have potential but yeah
Fucking lol that strut
That beef isn't worth discussing at all
I'm just gonna say that you're judging Rondo off of what 2 games out of the year?
Doesn't take long
WHICH MAGIC THO
&gt;above average TS% Are you positive about that?
Well if it wasn't true with Kevin fucking Durant I'm curious what teammates he needs to do it
Young players are never efficient. Look at Booker or even Lebron ffs
I mean it's a useful exercise but I think it could be improved on. Sorry if that's offensive
Being better than average has colloquial definitions too. You can be a typical Reddit pedant that says "*technically* such and such is true" but the fact of the matter is that anyone with any sense of reason would say he scored at average efficiency. By your definition there are maybe one or two average scorers in the league
He gave you 2 championships with the understanding that he'd be getting paid for it though. Of course it benefitted you but it was a bush league move by the FO
There's a different between Durant's relationship with Golden State and Wade's relationship with Miami
I suppose. Still though, 2 championships in the NBA is worth so much. The Rockets could go 20-62 for a decade if they won a championship and I'd be happy. To me it shouldn't matter if it handicaps the organization because he brought you to the peak of the league, twice! In a row! A lot of teams never get there!
Look at how Kobe and Dirk were treated
Also worth pointing out that even sweatshops benefit the countries they're placed in
It is honestly one of the most remarkable games ever. To have the defense play essentially a perfect games and still get absolutely shellacked like that. Crazy
Do you think the average American could explain what the federal funds rate is and how it affects the economy?
If you're getting passing records it's because your team is in a position where you have to be passing a lot. There's a reason people lose all these games
I hate Kellen Moore for taking Colt's win record
You should never trust anything Woj says about Lebron or the Knicks. Not sure what other groups he has it out for but definitely those two
Lol the whitewashing has already started.
What? It's trade value. Lebron is gonna be an MVP level player for 3ish more years at best. AD will be for the next 12.
He's young and on a rookie contract?
Lmao that wording really puts it in perspective
In the short term yeah but things will equalize in the long term. Expansion makes everyone happier
He's not there yet but in terms of pure talent (not accolades) Durant is up there on the all time list
KD's best season so far compares with Bird's best season
Hot take but imo Tech's loss to Iowa State was more embarrassing
Houston has had a ton of stars come in through trades or free agency though? Pippen, T Mac, Barkley, Clyde, Dwight. That doesn't really make sense, it's not like we've had terrible luck there
Yeah because there's 30 teams in the league and Houston is a decent free agent destination and Morey is always looking for a star. Look at how many cities EVER get an all star to sign and tell me Houston is below average.
I mean, you have to be fair he shot like shit from 3 this year.
I can attest from firsthand experience that he continued to not be a good player later on in his career
Genuinely one of the dumbest comments of all time here
He just wasn't that good of a defender this year
There's no good argument for Kobe being number 2 lol
You are an idiot
And bricking a few jumpers when I get the time
Huh, nice. When did he stop?
Yeah PKA was the shit. Did Wings ever end up losing weight or getting back on the show or anything?
What do you mean? He makes free highlight videos that are very good quality
What do you mean feet should be turned?
Gotta be the most boring in recent history. Most years there's at least 2 contenders
There is literally &lt;&lt;&lt;1% chance that ever happens. Houston is about to pay the shit out of him and by all accounts he loves it here
WB is more ball dominant than KD without the efficiency to back it up
He's fucking 28 lol are you really gonna bank on him finding a jump shot at this point?
55% is league average which for a superstar is below average. You need superstars to score efficiently. Nobody ever wins championships playing average offense. He shot well from 3 this season but let's see if he continues it next year. Plenty of guys have done it one season and fallen off the next
He's never been efficient though and he's always been guilty of hero ball to some degree
Yeah Adams, Kanter, and Oladipo are pure garbage let's keep saying that
Inefficient at scoring, and compared to other stars. His true shooting percentage (I can explain this stat a little if you want; it's the best scoring efficiency one out there) is around 55% and it's hovered around their most of his career. 55% is league average, but most stars are in the 59-61% range.
I'm not saying it's impossible I'm saying it's unlikely. There are some players that are lazy but the vast, vast majority are not. For every player that developed a J as they got old I can name 15 that didn't
These are objectively some of the worst defenders in the league. There is no reasonable or unreasonable argument by which they are even passable. It makes a mockery of the vote to include them. If they picked like Trevor Ariza for second team, maybe there's an argument for a middle tier player like that. But fucking IT? Are you kidding me?
I'm tired of people saying this. He's 3-5 in the finals. He's the best player alive but when the other team is better than his he's beatable
To be fair Oklahoma sucks
Lmao just stop. Philly is not in win now mode. Almost every rookie ever is a net negative on the court and they don't have 40 NBA games combined between their big 3. They will need time and years to gel and they will sure as hell not be contending this year
I'm almost positive this is plagiarized from Mike Birbiglia
I'm just playing lol he said something similar I think. You should watch his Netflix special, it's incredible
Hayward or Millsap maybe? Would be better than Blake
I can't see Paul George leaving what would presumably be a 60+ win Rockets team for a 30 win Laker roster. But maybe I'm an optimist
Well before today I would've said Ryno lol
The Rockets minus Harden and CP3 probably still aren't a top 3 draft pick tho
Not him
How many players have developed on Kawhi's trajectory? It's incredibly rare
Not true. Rockets were gonna have to make cap space anyways and the trade allows CP3's contract to be much smaller next year
&gt;compete for minutes with Tony ???
Why the hell would there be a competition? CP3 is 10x the player Tony is
Sleeping on prequels smh
Well our strategy now is to have 7 players on the roster
Tony Parker is probably a below average point guard at this point in his career and Chris Paul is a top 10 guard of all time still performing very well.
Harden was absolutely gassed. You're acting like we were 1 shot away from being up 3-2 in that series
y'all don't realize how bad he would be for our system
Nah not really. You're remembering his good moments like his 12/12 game or whatever but he can't shoot for shit and as a result can't play the 4 in our system. He's 6'8 and got dominated by bigger guys on multiple occasion so you can't play him against any good or big centers. Just didn't really fit. Only good for regular season
Ignore the guy who responded to you. Harrell is unplayable in the playoffs for us. Didn't fit. Sucks that he had to go, but managable
Uh yeah, not gonna take Olympics basketball to mean much of anything lol
How is he great for the system? What role does he do in the system? The system is essentially having one big man to grab boards and protect the rim and everyone else is either PnR'ing or camping at the 3 point line. He can PnR but a lot of people can, and his flaws in the rest of his game just aren't enough to make up for it
yeah faceplanted our way to the conference finals
Kyrie has poor vision, he's the second option on the offense, and his job is to score. Hardly a counterpoint. Frankly it doesn't matter that much if Carmelo can pass, it's more about if he can be good at moving around and finding good looks, because he's only gonna be the 3rd best player on the team. His two teammates averaged like a combined 22 assists last year, we don't need passers. Frankly I don't see how he could even come to Houston
Yeah you're wrong. He was almost unplayable against San Antonio
Taking Patrick Beverley's role
But his game was still mid range
You can excuse literally any behavior that way
I've thought about it before but at the risk of being white he kinda does look like it
He's a PhD so he's not bad off
Everyone knows depth is the real factor in the playoffs
What the fuck? DeAndre plays great defense, grabs boards, and commands gravity rolling to the rim. He doesn't space the floor but he's a center, not everything is 3 pointers
He absolutely is. Even MDA allows for one big man to protect the rim and grab boards. He's invaluable
Except Morey has always gone after talent, regardless of system. We went after fucking LMA in free agency, you see him taking 3s?
Stop being so pedantic
Did she say something against sweatshops?
You think Curry choked in the 2016 finals? It was pretty clear he and Ayesha were having marital issues stemming from allowing his daughters to be at his press conferences. Rookie fucking analysis lmao
In offensive rating they were
So he made him the 3rd (2nd really) best center in the league
