Breadsoda is really the only palatable place in Glover, and the owners are fantastic. Town Hall and Bourbon across the street are both uber-brotastic.
I'm not, at all, a fan of team sports, so I have only learned in the last year or so that the US even has an actual soccer league, let alone that DC has a team. Ironically, my newish job has me working with all of the local sporting teams very frequently, including the United.
As the capital of a world power, we get the pleasure of having every country in the world send us their very worst drivers. Many of them live in MD, mixing with MD's shallow gene pool of terrible drivers, giving us the shitshow we call DC traffic. Thankfully, my daily driver is an employer-owned 7,000' van, so I'm more than happy to play along.
My response to shitty drivers varies depending on my mood. If I'm in my typical, passive-aggressive mood, I will generally thank them profusely for being sooooooo awesome, blow kisses, or ride along beside them giving voluminous thumbs ups. If I'm in a pissy mood, I tend to get extremely aggressive, and will generally knock the shit out of the offending driver's wing mirror (Not breaking it, mind you...). Being a fairly big, bearded, and heavily tattooed guy helps, as I've only had a couple of drivers get out of their cars to confront me, and only once has the situation gone beyond some basic shoving and shit talk. At some point, I'll likely knock out a driver with my u-lock or get shot.
My wife is small, but is extremely adept at mirror slaps and hurling obscenities at drivers. It has backfired once on her, but, otherwise, drivers are usually too fat and lazy to get out of their cars, or, if they do get out, my wife happens to be a blazing fast rider who can disappear into the distance.
So, people are butthurt about a Subway in Mt P, but are excited about a Chipotle in Brookland. What gives? Both offer mass-produced, shitty fast food.
I absolutely refuse to interact with children, and I am not at all shy in asking breeders to get their spawn the fuck away from me. As I have reached 40, I have many friends with kids. I have made it clear that I will only interact with them when they are sans crotchfruit. Most of them have no issue, but for those that do, I cease any interaction with them.
I'll hand you ammo.
Absolutely. We're running it today.
Taffi Dollar sounds like the name of a third rate Bond Girl.
Jinx Proof has several very good artists (Tim has done a bunch of work on me), but I would avoid it on weekends, as they pretty much only do simple stuff for the walk-in (aka dolphin on the ankle) crowd.
It's also a dick move. If one is not comfortable riding with traffic, they should likely limit their riding to bike trails or quiet suburban streets.
1) It all depends as to what you want. You may be better served buying a used bike at a LBS. I have found some good deals on bikes for under $200, but I'm also a very competent home mechanic. An additional plus to buying from a LBS is that they can get the right size for you and adjust the bike to your liking. 2) Ride on bike trails and quiet streets as often as possible. I have been riding for 35+ years, and bike commuting for 20. Think of riding like any other acquired skill: The more you do it, the better you'll get. My wife went from not having ridden a bike for 15 years to daily commuting in DC traffic in roughly a year, but she rode at every possible opportunity. She can now throughly kick my ass through city traffic, thanks to riding in rush hour daily. 3) Take it to a good mechanic. For roughly $50-$100, plus parts, you can ensure that everything is correctly adjusted and the bike it fit to you. Many LBS' will also have beginner's maintenance classes that are immensely helpful. You will learn how to change a tire, make quick adjustments, and perform routine maintenance to keep your bike rolling right and to keep you from getting stranded. ETA: Get lights for your bike and always wear a helmet. Brain damage and tire tracks on your back suck...
Crystal City is incredibly dull and sterile, but it is full of business hotels that are fairly empty on the weekends (i.e., Cheap-ish), and it is only a couple of stops from DC.
Taxi or Uber should be fairly cheap at that time of night, as there will be zero traffic.
There are some great swimming holes on the Patapsco River off Marriottsville Rd in Ellicott City. It's roughly an hour drive. It can get pretty crowded, though.
It's in MD, so already in enemy territory, anyhow...
A turn signal is not a polite request, it is a statement of intent. When my turn signal goes on, that means that I'm changing lanes in roughly one millisecond, and I couldn't give a flying fuck if you're copacetic with letting me in or not, as I am most definitely coming over to your lane.
Looks like IAD will most definitely have Metro access by 2087, as planned.
I's still waiting. Mine is under $100, so I haven't bothered checking.
Best of luck getting your future DC neighbours to pay attention to the signs or getting them enforced at all.
CoHi? Gunshots. Definitely gunshots.
I'm a former resident of the area (Roughly 10 years ago...). I reserve to make fun of CoHi, now that it's a sanitized, boring area with a few residual urban pockets.
Exactly. If one feels that traffic is scary and aggressive (These people are called wusses or suburbanites), then the correct course of action is to dismount one's bike and walk it on the sidewalk. Save for freeways and parkways, there is not a single road in DC on which I have felt uncomfortable riding. There are definitely some that I avoid, due to better alternatives, but none that would qualify as scary. In the burbs, however...
NO, IT ISN'T!!! Happy? Bikes don't belong on sidewalks, unless the rider has dismounted and is walking the bike. I've been bike commuting forever, and will never, ever ride on the sidewalk. Sidewalks are for slow-moving, oblivious pedestrians. Bikes belong on the street with other wheeled conveyances.
I manage to ride through the city every day, without ever needing to ride on the sidewalk. Yes, there are douchenozzle drivers and pedestrians in the bikelanes from time to time, but I ride around them , occasionally giving a car my patented mirror slap. Is it legal to ride on the sidewalks outside of the CBD? Yes. Does it make one a dickhead for doing so? Absolutely. I rarely ride in the unprotected bikelanes in the first place, as they are in the door zone, and I really, really don't feel like getting doored for the 15th time in my life.
Getting doored over the years has taught me something: I no longer ride in the door zone and I take the lane when necessary.
A bike is a vehicle, plain and simple. Vehicles belong on the road. That point aside, the speed differential between bikes and pedestrians versus joggers and regular pedestrians in much, much smaller. Joggers are also able to maneuver much more quickly than a bike. How is it snobby to expect cyclists to ride in the street? I average roughly 18-20mph at a comfortable pace, which is incompatible with sidewalks, where pedestrians are moving 3mph, max. Even the slowest red bike riders will be swerving about at 8-10mph, which is more than 2x the speed of the speediest pedestrians. If someone is uncomfortable riding in the street, they should keep their riding to safe side streets or trails until they build up enough confidence and ability to ride in the street like everyone else.
Absolutely. I haven't found a hill in this city that I can't crank up at 10mph, even on a fixed gear and with 4 or 5 beers in me. On my road bike, I can go significantly faster.
Why don't we just turn the beltway into a gigantic bikes-only circumferential? I'd actually get behind that.
That sucks. I was thinking of adding another one to my stable, as I love the shit out of my Angus. Well, at least after I swapped each and every component, save for the headset.
We had hail for roughly 20 minutes over in Palisades. I don't think I've ever seen hail up here before. I thought it was more of a South or Plains thing.
Find their office. Poop on their front step. Call it even. Celebrate with beer.
More likely, they would both get super excited to meet a new person, start jumping and wagging, and then lick like crazy. They would then fart.
So your pit is also the most cutest dog that has ever lived, too?
DC is also the ideal destination for groups of fat people wearing identical neon shirts.
I use a 2003 Chevy Astro AWD with 140k miles for work, and I absolutely beat the piss out of it, hauling 1,000 lbs of tools around construction sites. It keeps the miles off of my S4 and my TR6.
If you've spent your life living in rich, white suburbs, then Arlington might be your best entree into urban living. It's dull as hell compared to DC, but it's somewhat urban and has good Metro access.
I've totally done that to a winter beater to pass inspection.
As far as frozen breadsticks go, sorta.
The infamous pitbull flop. I see this when walks aren't long enough or if it's pretty obvious I'm going on a business trip.
Harmony has solid Chinese food, albeit in a basement decorated like the former Indian restaurant it was. Huge vegan selection, as well.
I'm on the wrong side of 40 and I wouldn't touch Rockville with a shitty stick. I can't say much about it, other than all I know is Rockville is somewhere in the endless stretch of beige suburban sprawl between DC and PA.
Are you stuck somewhere more Kafka-esque like MD or PA? Otherwise, why???
Incorrect. All MD drivers are terrible, but other states have bad drivers, as well.
The majority of braking on a bicycle, much like on a car, is done by the front brake. Thanks to the ability to either skip brake or put reverse pressure on the pedals, a fixed gear does not really require a rear brake.
It's fairly safe to assume that all canvassers or anyone else asking you for money is a con artist, particularly in DC.
Not by the beer list, but likely by the massive crowd and the lack of seating. That aside, any of the Pizzeria Paradisos have a well-curated beer list. Meridian Pint/Brookland Pint isn't bad for selection, either.
Welcome to the club. Being snipped rules!
Just like when I was 20, except that the drinking age for 3.2 beer was 19. Enjoy DC!
Living here sober would not be overly pleasant...
I know Lost Rhino and Old Ox. What are the other two?
You've never been so mad that you just had to run out to your car and make a video of yourself pissing and moaning? Me neither.
Cigs, alcohol, and coffee are all delicious and relaxing. Thus, they go together perfectly. There is absolutely nothing better than stepping outside early in the morning and having a cup of coffee and a smoke. I've been having trouble getting out of bed since I quit smoking, as there is nothing to look forward to.
I certainly hope so, but I'm only 109 days in, so it's hard to say. If I thought I could have only 1 cigarette a day, I would, without question, go back to my 5:30am coffee and cigarette.
When we used to live on a dirt road, the rims on my wife's A4 would get full of mud or snow constantly, causing them to be waaaaaay out of balance. I never really noticed on my Tacoma.
Bushings are for pussies.
That won't give me the excuse for buying more and more tools.
Uniting the pennis and vaggina?
There is a brewed on date on the can. Anyhow, despite the ratings, Topper is quite good, but not $20 a can good.
I have heard of exactly one photo ticket being successfully challenged, and it was done by an experienced attorney. The secret to not getting tickets: Don't speed. Keep your speed to 9mph or less over the limit. When in doubt, assume the limit is 20mph.
&gt; I get these tickets all the time User name checks out.
11ish. I use 9mph as my benchmark, as, let's face it, we're in DC, and everything is half-assed in our government.
I'm saying that the only person I know of who has beaten a photo ticket was a seasoned attorney. She isn't local, nor is she a traffic attorney, but I would highly recommend her if you're indigent and facing a capital case in SC.
Meh... I grew up in the central plains. I've seen bigger temperature drops in a few hours.
There's a fairly good chance that there isn't a single solid piece of metal on the unibody to even mount a replacement tank.
I disliked other children when I was one myself. The dislike has slowly grown to absolute abhorrence over the years. Anyhow, I'm snipped.
For instance, you don't bite when people examine your teeth and your coat is smooth and shiny?
I thought it was Yokel Haram?
I have a St Brendan's Cross tattooed on me, if that counts. I happen to like the iconography.
If you are with your dog at a dogpark and a breeder shows up, leave immediately. They will have the worst behaved dog on the planet, and they will ignore it when it wreaks havoc.
If you think an abortion sounds painful, consider 9 months of a parasite living inside you, childbirth, and then 18 years of hell while your parasite hopefully grows into a reasonably non-shitty adult.
Everyone drives like an asshole here. Extend your middle finger out of your window and carry on with your day.
That's another warning sign. Anyone with an anklebiter wearing expensive accessories is to be avoided, as they will be yapping into their iPhone about pilates and brunch while their little shitstain of a dog picks fights with every other dog. I live in a fairly wealthy neighbourhood full of shitty breeders and terrible dogs. I have ceased bring my dog to the park during daylight hours.
In Idris v City of Chicago, the 7th Circuit stated that, *“no one has a fundamental right to run a red light or avoid being seen by a camera on a public street.”*.
In our neighbors' defense, leaf blowers are, by far, the most pressing issue in the Palisades, right after MD drivers speeding on MacArthur. As I prefer to be proactive, I actually use a rake, as I can then shake it menacingly at the speeding drivers.
I have seen some dirtbike kids coming across the Key Bridge, but that's as close as they've come to our peaceful little enclave. I have had my neighbors call the cops on me for changing a tire in the alley, as they thought I may have been a dangerous criminal (I have tattoos and a beard, so I fit the stereotype). I also once had to yell at a couple of kids for throwing a ball in the alley and hitting cars. Fortunately, they apologized before I had to use deadly force to protect my 14 year old truck. The Palisades is tough, yo...
I love to goose my pibble when she does that. She usually lets out a shrill bark and then runs in circles trying to nibble me.
You know, I really am getting tired of spending $2 to make a huge batch of delicious hummus. It takes almost 10 minutes, too. I wonder if I can get a $30 cocktail to wash it down, as well?
You mean a real, mid-sized SUV with a bombproof, albeit it underpowered V6?
I always remove the skin from my chickpeas. It takes very little time, so long as one starts with dried chickpeas. Soaking dried chickpeas in baking soda overnight, prior to cooking them, basically eats away the pectin in the skins, and they just wash away with a quick rinse.
I rarely get excited by much anymore, other than sex or beer. Human reproduction is definitely not something about which to get excited, and it's also disgusting.
If by anxiety you mean blind rage, then yes.
British cars rarely run long enough to require an oil change.
It may or may not. I am 100+ days in, and the cravings are exactly the same as on day 1.
What a vapid twat. *Sure, I could give a shit about major issues that affect everyone, but I don't fucking want to, so suck it.*
That thing is uglier than a barrel full of assholes.
Unless you're a vet, have previous gubment experience, or have some exceedingly marketable skill, you may as well print your resume, use it to wipe your ass, and then toss it in the Potomac, as it would be more efficacious than using USAJobs.
To quote the American Cancer Society: &gt;Only about 4% to 7% of people are able to quit smoking on any given attempt without medicines or other help. &gt;Studies in medical journals have reported that about 25% of smokers who use medicines can stay smoke-free for over 6 months. I'm sorry that the harsh reality of life seems to scare you, but you're going to need to suck it up if you ever hope to succeed at anything. Support is providing realistic potential outcomes, not unicorns farting rainbows.
How much did you tithe?
I can't remember ever believing in the supernatural. My family was atheist for several generations back on my dad's side and at least 2 on my mother's.
Overcompensate much? Knock yourself out, champ... http://www.cancer.org/healthy/stayawayfromtobacco/guidetoquittingsmoking/guide-to-quitting-smoking-success-rates
There are no other sites, and your chances are effectively zero, unless you have serious experience, a preferential status, or an amazing, highly sought-after skillset. Keep applying, by all means, but keep your expectation level at roughly zero.
I disrespectfully disagree with your purported respectful disagreement with my atheism.
Isn't this the same airport where they've been using a temporary terminal for 30 years? The Silver will never make it out there.
They stand for everything I abhor. Do they all look like the Children of the Corn?
Dan's Cafe /thread
If you can remember enough to write a Yelp review, you didn't do Dan's correctly. Hell, if you can locate your pants the next morning, you didn't do Dan's correctly.
The streetcar tracks have been theoretically open for business for over a year, but that hasn't stopped that program from being all but scrapped. There will be so many massive fuck-ups on the Silver extension that it will either be delayed by many, many years or be abandoned.
What delightful substance are you smoking that gives you one iota of faith that a project involving WMATA won't turn into the world's biggest dumpster fire? The project is already substantially delayed.
Incorrect. We are Neanderthals.
Read /u/SourGrapes2015's post history. This is a throwaway troll account.
MWAA is possibly even more incompetent than WMATA. When the two combine their powers, the possibility of financial black holes are endless.
Dan's doesn't have a dry sauna.
I am in my 40s and this is my life. Poor breeders...
Be careful with anal, as anal pregnancies lead to attorneys.
Holy water is often contaminated with fecal bacteria. Just sayin...
At least yours has the common decency to be on top of the covers. Mine is usually burrowed in deeply, and it is nigh impossible to get the covers away from her.
What if they're opening for Slayer?
I guess it's a good thing that I saw them in the 1980s. So long as Araya and King are in the band, I'll still go.
My pibble can sleep through a furniture delivery, yet can hear a can of wet food being opened from across the county.
I thought y'all were still apologising for Celine Dion?
How does one know if the switch is on or off? Do they install a blinking, red LED onto the scrotum?
I generally punch the shit out of their wing mirror, but my tolerance for confrontation is, well, I actually enjoy confrontation, so...
Weddings suck. Weddings with children are unbearable.
You don't have a shop bitch/gofer? Just make him wear a tux.
I know this was tongue in cheek, but as I am entirely too familiar with the innards of FedEx Field, that structure couldn't support an additional flagpole, let alone a roof. The place was built so quickly and so many corners were cut, it feels like a much, much older building. Also, Landover sucks.
These options packages are getting fucking ridiculous. What if I just want a bacon dispenser, but don't want a moonroof?
Fair warning: Juicing infants totally voids the warranty on your juicer, although the Vitamix seems to puree them well.
100% true. That's why I always question why children are always saved first in a disaster, even though their worth is very low, and new ones can be made fairly quickly.
Soylent Veal
I can dislike whomever I choose for whichever reasons I choose. Generally, I aim my dislike at those who are antipathetic to logic and reason.
Having a childhood mortality rate near zero has made children less fungible. Many cultures didn't even bother naming children until they made it to a year.
Beats me, as I'm utterly disgusted by sprogs. I'm obsessed with trying new beers and building bikes and racecars.
Correct. 2009 A4.
My pibble is so earnestly friendly, that it's nigh impossible to be afraid of her.
All it takes to be a millionaire is a beard and some mediocre chocolate made by a cave full of hipster minions.
I keep forgetting that the only bar to enter adulthood is spawning. Well, shit, I guess I'm a 41 year old teenager. I guess I'll go get drunk and crank up some music.
Definitely a 2009 A4. I just finished doing the 75k service on it, and it also happens to belong to my wife.
My wife and I ran over to Whole Foods the other day and found that roughly 97% or everyone there had a small, loud child. In their infinite wisdom, Whole Foods has decided to provide tiny shopping carts so that the aforementioned children can ram them into the legs of other shoppers. Generally, this would just seriously annoy me, but, as I have a broken leg in an airboot, getting rammed in the leg resulted in me unleashing a 90 second stream of expletives at the fuck-trophy and its father. My wife found this unbelievably hilarious.
I once found 10 years worth of Hustlers in chronological order behind the seat of a Verizon C4500.
If that's all you have to fap to, then it'll have to do.
Amazingly, it's been pretty reliable. She bought it used with 10k miles on it, and I've done all of the service at my shop. The only unscheduled maintenance was replacing a cracked plastic water inlet pipe on the water pump housing and a tiny leak in the valve cover gasket. Parts for both were fairly inexpensive.
What if I don't want to?
Maybe in the garage. The smell makes me nauseous. Either way, please bring more beer, as I'm running low.
Nope, just neatly and tightly stacked. I have no idea as to whom the driver was, as we worked opposite shifts, but I'm guessing he was exceedingly creepy.
Sorry, dad, too drunk for yard work. Fetch me a beer, will ya?
I have the exact same problem. I really don't have a great reason not to smoke right now, but I've gone without for almost 4 months, so I'm half-interested in seeing how far I can go this time. Unfortunately, my cravings are getting stronger the longer I go.
Absolutely. Anyone who isn't taught that masturbation is important and fucking amazing from a young age is missing out on one of life's simple pleasures, as well as handicapping later sexual experiences due to not knowing oneself.
Good reason to smoke? Well, they are delicious and it's a good way to kill 10 minutes relaxing.
I'd set that motherfucker off 50 times a day. That would be more annoying than the seatbelt chime that I accidentally disconnected.
Dammit... How much are they? My SnapOn guy already owns my soul, anyhow, so I may as well get one.
Wife's job. Unfortunately, places with ample employment opportunities are rarely amazing places to live. DC is tolerable though, particularly after having lived in Boston and NYC.
I'm not a museum fan. Never have been. Insofar as the monuments, I think they're garish and smack of nationalism.
How much coolant did it puke on your shop floor (Assuming it had any coolant to puke...)?
Nationalism is nothing but primitive tribalism writ large. As one has no control as to where they were born, their race, their ethnicity, etc, there is absolutely zero rational reason to be proud of any of them.
Polk, Harding, Buchanan, and Jackson were all CF. Buchanan was the only president never to marry, and was suspected to be gay. Technically, Washington never had kids of his own, but he did have 2 stepchildren from his marriage to Martha Custis.
Don't I wish. I'm a month ahead of you, but have the same cravings as day one.
The first smoke of the morning, on the back porch with a cup of coffee, is pretty much the best thing in life. While I still have cravings at other times, they are nowhere near as strong as the overpowering one I have in the morning.
Only compared to Adelaide.
It's probably a placebo, but a goddamned good one. I never really smoked out of stress, I mainly smoked to kill time, to get going in the morning, or to enjoy the end of my day.
This is roughly the 10th time I've made it this far without smoking. Even after 3 years, the cravings were exactly the same; Never overpowering or impossible to resist, but always annoyingly present.
I thoroughly enjoyed smoking and miss it terribly, but, alas, I can't anymore. If I make it to 60, I'll probably start again, assuming cigs are still around in 20 years.
I'm perfectly happy with my life, but I'm not a huge fan of groupthink. I'll state my opinion, and if other folks disagree, they disagree.
Not sure yet. It's probably not in the US, but I could be wrong. Insofar as US cities that I particularly like: Richmond, Durham, Birmingham, Memphis, Nashville, St Louis, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Omaha.
Is not being a chipper Millennial/DC cheerleader now considered a mental illness? I freely express my opinion, regardless as to whether or not it is popular. If you find it objectionable, feel free to downvote the shit out of me, as the field where I grow my fucks is quite barren.
Actually, no. I am ambivalent about DC, but like the above cities. Other people think that far-flung suburbs like Falls Church are cool. There is actually a range of opinions as to pleasant places to live, believe it or not.
Thorogood steel toes. I have summer and winter versions. US and union made, and also last forever.
If I had even considered throwing a tantrum as a kid, my mother would have back-handed me back to reality within a millisecond. If you're going to be a selfish asshole and have a kid, at least discipline the fuck out of it so it's always quiet and respectful.
Marry whomever you choose. Fuck if I care.
Sure he does. That's how pibbles sit.
Also, don't underestimate the reach of the tahini cartel. Those motherfuckers are ruthless.
Never. Wife 2.0 hates kids more than I do and she's a neat freak. Wife 1.0 was a different story, and I was forced to uninstall her and upgrade to wife 2.0.
Once I get my hands on some, I will totally wear those motherfuckers everywhere.
Someone could totally make an unbelievable meme about that.
If you need someone to repeatedly kick him in the nuts while lecturing him on proper human decorum, that can be arranged.
Just be careful not to deposit any semen into the vagina, right?
5th base
May as well cut to the chase and go full Bernie Goetz.
Probably best to Old Yeller it.
Maybe your senator or US rep can help. Crap, nevermind...
Those signs make delightful crunches under the tires of my truck.
When you seriously fuck up your car, I present you with an estimate that pisses you off, and you storm out of my shop, thus wasting my time. I'd prefer to perform routine maintenance and to fix malfunctions not caused by driver idiocy.
You sound like you may be able to figure out which end of a wrench to use. The vast majority of people can't tell the difference between a wrench and a hammer, and, thus, should not be allowed to touch anything.
I have found that answering the door nude and aiming a shotgun at them is highly effective.
I wish it was open season. I just got a great deal on ammo.
That's fucking perfect.
We always refer to that end as the business end of the dog, as the front side is harmless.
Absolutely. I got roughly half a page into Carr's book before I found it to sound like touchy-feely self-help bullshit.
I have lived several places where toplessness in public is not uncommon. I still find breasts arousing.
Add the Lexus RX300/350 to that list. If one of those pulls into the lot, we lock the doors and run for cover.
What's so terrifying about hydraulic suspension? I've never had an issue working on it.
When I come across something unfamiliar, I do my research and then get on with the repair. Were I terrified of every new or odd technology that came my way, I'd end up working only on pre-1970s vehicles. Anyhow, considering how many other systems on vehicles are hydraulic, it's not exactly rocketsurgery.
There's a good chance that the driver may already be dead.
West End Cinema is open again.
While some vehicles are built around the heater core, the Previa is the only vehicle in which the entire van must be disassembled to change out the stereo. As Previa people travel in packs, once they learn that you know how to work on them, they descend upon you in great swarms of quirkiness.
Technically, MD is on this side of the river, too, so DC's cool factor is overwhelmed by MD sucktitude.
Portland also rules, and Sugarloaf has the best skiing in the eastern US.
It's fast in a straight line, just like a muscle car or a hopped-up truck, but they corner for shit when compared to even a remotely sporty car, thanks to a higher center of gravity and a stupid heavy curb weight. My 40 year old TR6 will outhandle the fuck out of any SUV.
I can speak in tongues after only 10 shots of cheap whiskey.
Humans do tend to be rather murdery.
The fact that you are able to write so cogently about this unspeakable tragedy shows that you are an incredibly strong and resilient person. The human mind can concoct some amazingly terrifying dreams. If this had happened to me, I would be somewhere in a dark room drinking myself into a stupor.
His wire management skills are also A+.
I would hope that I would be strong enough to do the same, but, while I have lost some close friends and family members, it doesn't even approach the same universe as the grief you must be facing. That being said, there is no right or wrong way to handle grief. Whatever you are doing that works for you is the best path.
I quite enjoy it, thanks. I am searching for a grant to fund further investigation, but, anecdotally, my Spanish improves immensely when wasted, and my Bahasa Indonesia is somewhat intelligible, as well.
That's because the vast majority cities with large transit systems have fairly stringent gun control. I can guarantee that anyone who doesn't have exhaustive training in the use of firearms in high stress situations is going to either freeze up and not be able to fire or is going to fire wildly, this vastly increasing the chances of collateral damage. Hell, even with vast amounts of training, the effectiveness of someone with a firearm goes down significantly under heavy stress (e.g., When being assaulted).
Are you planning on undergoing intensive combat training as well? Otherwise, you may want to update your will, as you're going to get robbed and stabbed.
This is swinging the pendulum too far in the other direction. Why not just be extremely aware of your surroundings and use standard street smarts?
It depends as to what type of clientele tends to drive these in Japan. In the US, RX drivers are cranky and likely elderly/fossilized.
We may be describing two different scenarios. I was describing the typical strongarm robbery scenario, whereas it sounds like you're discussing the "beat the shit out of the random person" scenario. In that case, fighting back might help, although, as Mike Tyson once pointed out, everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.
[Your dickbaggery makes pitbulls extra, super sad](http://imgur.com/9oJzVUR)
VCA Southpaws in Fairfax did a fantastic job on my canine life partner's ACL/CCL.
The cost wasn't any higher than several other local vets, and they are extremely well regarded throughout the region. Vet procedures are always quite expensive, and are totally worth it, as far as I'm concerned.
En 500 metros, gire a la derecha, pinche cabròn.
After a couple of package thefts, I figured anti-tank mines were the most efficacious solution. It also fixed my gopher problem.
Para la lubricación adicional, presione el botón del calentador.
Technician suggests customer refrain from breathing.
Anecdotally, I can't ever recall having seen a BMW signal, so I presume that turn signals are in an option package that is rarely purchased.
Do you really want to endure the first week of withdrawals again? Didn't think so. Go into a closet and count from 1 to 10 in German screaming. You'll feel better.
Like I needed another reason to think Danny Trejo was a fucking badass.
Their anti-worker and anti-union stance is even more troubling.
Just checking, but it isn't 1973, right? I didn't think 15 year olds listened to music older than Taylor Swift.
My wife's old A4 had the battery underneath the hood cowl, dead center. Ot's a lot of fun lifting 50lbs of dead weight straight up and out. Her newer A4 has it beneath the spare tire, mounted together with the factory subwoofer.
I have had Previas follow me. Why in the fuck did it have to be Previas?
Is there another type of Chinese part? One never hears of quality Chinese craftsmanship.
The B6 had it just on the other side of the bulkhead from there. Either way, it's a heavy lift, unless you happen to have an apprentice who is 6'7" and 290.
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/wiki/guide
I told them not to expect grandkids. My decision to breed or not breed was and is none of their fucking business.
What would a more avant garde vandal do?
RCN doesn't own their own infrastructure, so their speeds vary widely.
I has something similar happen on my 1969 CJ5, where the pivot for the pedal snapped clean off. That was unpleasant on the highway.
Yep, ancient, ancient coax. The infrastructure on this side of the RCP is well behind most of the developed world.
I've worked on drum brakes for over 30 years, and have never had an issue with them. They're fine for rear brakes on most vehicles, and last forever.
[Or, maybe not...](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/capital-weather-gang/wp/2016/01/17/potential-for-major-winter-storm-late-next-week-but-also-major-question-marks/)
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, we're all going to die!!! This only happens. Every. Fucking. Year.
Reminding them of what is common sense isn't going to help such people.
The ones on my F250 predated my ownership. I only replaced them because I was doing the rear wheel bearings, anyhow, and the parts are dirt cheap.
That was not and will never be your spot. All couches are belong pibble.
My big rig experience is limited to designing, implementing, and toubleshooting J1708/J1939 compliant interfaces. I let the pros deal with the heavy shit.
All bed are belong pibble.
Absolutely, but I prefer my aft exhaust port to be sparkling clean regardless of seasonal inclement weather events, so I tend to keep ample TP on hand at all times.
Does the skunk piss smell permeate the car's interior?
Fluted for her pleasure?
I'd prefer to be alone forever than to date a breeder.
I'm almost two decades past that age. When my mother was my age, I was in college.
The 460 barely has to rev at all, so it lasts forever with basic maintenance. I'm sitting at just over 300k (I think. Could be 400k, as I'm the 3rd owner, and the 2nd didn't remember.), and have replaced nothing but common wear items in the time I've owned it. Filling the dual tanks still makes me cry, but less so at $1.75 a gallon.
I'm not sure I really give too many fucks what breeders think of me.
I doubt that the very vast majority of Washingtonians will even notice.
I thought Millennials just wanted participation trophies, small plates, and group hugs?
Are older Avants allowed?
Aside from the fact that people with children are damaged goods, why ever would you possibly think this? /s
Because it's apparently illegal to put children into crates.
Considering how well this region handles inclement weather, particularly the frozen type, I would avoid anything having to do with transportation, public or otherwise, during the storm.
All people with children are damaged goods. Anyone stupid enough to date or marry someone who already has kids deserves whatever fresh hell they encounter as a result.
Living in an ancient rowhouse with roughly zero insulation and 100 year-old windows has many downsides, but multiple working fireplaces make it worthwhile. I also have more than a cord of wood and 20 kinds of bourbon, so I'm thinking the wife, dog, and I will survive unscathed.
Apparently my dad has insulted this guy's religion 6 times. Go dad!
Not a chance. Too many scared, gullible people in the world for that to ever happen.
Beer *is* an emergency. Hence why I spent $200 stocking up yesterday. I'm totally not going to endure a DC storm sober.
Now I know what I'm listening to during my physical therapy session today. Thanks.
A QP and 3 bottles should do you fine.
Drunken doggie snow walks. Or, in my case, drunken doggie snow hobble.
Gorgeous dog, but my Olive is 17% cuter. [Proof](http://imgur.com/9oJzVUR)
Some dogs are just not cut out for dog parks, particularly considering how many idiots brings untrained dogs to dog parks, and then ignore them (Around here, anyhow...). My pibble is fantastic with one or two comparably athletic dogs, but she can turn into a rampaging hellbeast in a dog park, jumping on and humping every other dog in her path.
"It's just a fucking snowstorm, chill the fuck out" Is that too long?
[Pitbulls hate Popville, but believe in reproductive rights](http://i.imgur.com/X8PHJf4.jpg)
Because a 20 year old car with a shit-ton of miles is having some issues?
If I have an urge to go somewhere where I know there will be fuck-trophies, I get liquored up first, as I can't imagine dealing with them sober.
Mine got worse and peaked at around 100 days. Now it's just annoying background noise. I got through it the same way I've gotten through 4 months of cold turkey: I refused to give in and got on with my day.
It's been 25 or more years, but I recall smoking 2 packs in 8 hours while shrooming.
Do you, by any chance, have a Snowcat? If so, you should be good.
There will be a bunch of snow. DC does not handle snow well. Most people will be drunk at home.
I'll translate for you: The vast majority of people of limited economic means in DC don't have the luxury of worrying about the ethics of shopping at multinational retail hegemonies versus local businesses, as the only local businesses in Wards 7 and 8 are shitty, overpriced bodegas with paltry offerings, owned by Koreans who probably live in Annandale.
Sweeeeeet... The drive to Baltimore in a couple of hours is going to be a fucking hoot.
I had the misfortune of picking someone up at BWI late last night, and, while the roads were hideous, the biggest problem was shitty drivers and people with inadequate tires. There were cars that couldn't even make it up the hills on 495, which aren't even remotely steep.
Likely poor ass crackers, too.
All season tires in good condition should be just fine. Knowing how to start and stop on ice/snow also helps.
There is generally nowhere else to shop in the neighbourhood. There are only a couple of grocery stores EOTR, but there are probably 100 bodegas.
Unfortunately, snowplows are not a migratory species.
Salt would have been nice, but the roads weren't *that* bad. Good tires and a modicum of winter driving skill more than suffice.
Your flight is *currently* scheduled to fly out at 1730 on Saturday, but will be cancelled at some point tomorrow morning. You ain't flying nowhere from IAD until late Sunday, at the very earliest. Even if IAD technically stays open, which it could, no airline is going to risk stranding their planes here, when they could be flying revenue flights elsewhere.
You're effectively fucked at that point.
I always defined a "slow leak" as one that took days or weeks to manifest itself. Filling 3x in one day would indicate a really fucking fast leak.
I left Palisades to drive to BWI at 7:30 last night. After spending 90 minutes creeping along the beltway and watching people slip and slide down the small hills, I jumped off on Wisconsin and zigzagged my way up to 200 and up onto 95. The roads were extremely icy, but I was perfectly comfortable cruising along at 35 or so. Salt would have been awesome, but I've seen far worse roads in my life. 200 was completely salted, and I was able to cruise along at 55-60 for a while. 95 was better than the beltway, but not great.
As a well-practiced hater of all things Masshole, here is your requisite, blase fuck you: Patriots suck. Red Sox suck. Eat a dick, chowderboy. Have a wonderful day in your frigid, provincial hellhole.
Never count on an inheritance. I'd rather make my own way and not be beholden to anyone.
The Moderately Inconvenient Snowstorm of 2016
All parts of the UK are north of the 50th parallel. We're just south of the 39th; Roughly equivalent to Rome.
[Pitbulls against Popville](http://i.imgur.com/nBw7mL5.jpg)
If only there were someplace else in the city to get a cup of mediocre coffee.
Do Patriots ever run for long enough for this to happen?
You just spent almost $30k on a vehicle and didn't give it a thorough, exhaustive inspection prior to signing the contract???
My pibble absolutely loves going to the vet for some reason. She literally goes ballistic with jumps, kisses, and pibble nibbles the second we enter the door. She's a weird, weird dog.
Playing mummy is a great way to while away the hours until it stops snowing.
They work better with the caps off.
I'm not sure Olive has figured out that the vet is potentially an unpleasant place. All she knows is that there are people, and people must be kissed and persuaded into playing, even if they have needles or thermometers. She actually wagged her way through getting chipped. ]
Fairly easy run on x-country skis on the Custis and W&amp;OD trails.
IAD, maybe. DCA, no way.
I had to mine on a walk, err, drag this morning. She hates snow in the first place, so 18" is apparently more than she wants to deal with.
DCA's problem is lack of room to store the snow. It usually takes longer to open than doe the larger airports with far more space: BWI and IAD. I'd guess Monday morning.
Breezewood is a perfect place for those folks. Shitty gas stations and rundown motels as far as the eye can see.
The median annual snowfall in DC is roughly 11" (Average 15"), and we're getting twice that in 2 days. The city is completely shut down and roads are largely impassable. That seems like a pretty solid storm to me. Having lived through far worse storms (Blizzard of 1978 in New England and Blizzard of 2003 in Denver), I'd rather not deal with multiple weeks without power and cataclysmic damage to structures again.
I usually go out every couple of hours, as it makes the shoveling easier and it keeps me from going batshit crazy sitting inside all day.
Usually, but that may be the shittiest Sheetz on the planet.
While all of the water will eventually end up down there, in theory, much of it will percolate through soil, which would lower the load of jet fuel, solvents, salt, etc., that would end up directly in the river. IIRC, a special permit from the EPA is required to dump massive amounts of snow into a body of water, due to all of the shit that is picked up whilst plowing. Also, as DCA effectively only has one full-length runway, everything shuts down while crews clean it. IAD has multiple runways, so it can clean them while others are open for traffic.
You let the magic smoke escape, didn't you?
I keep a jar handy, but it's Lucas, so it really only works on older Limey cars.
Lucas smoke smells like melting low-quality insulation.
They are at the bottom of the priority list. In the past, my neighbors and I have thrown the guy who does a local parking lot some money to make a quick pass.
No
Watching people have multiple fails while trying to climb small hills in the snow last week pretty much solidified my belief that 95% of the cars in the road near DC have bald tires.
I bent a rim on a rental car in South Africa far worse than that. A nice gentleman in a roadside hut used a propane torch and a BFH to knock it back somewhat into round for $4 (R50). Hertz never called me on it, so I'm guessing it was good enough.
This is the type of customer who knows waaaaaaay more than the professionals do about his car, and who will piss and moan endlessly about each and every line item on his workorder. Considering a mechanic's lien wouldn't even cover my time, I would walk this gentleman directly out the door and direct him to one of the chain places.
The problem is that this is a constrictor belt, rather than a serpent belt. A viper belt might work, but I prefer to stick with OEM specs.
If you cleared it, you own it until the snow melts. Put a lawnchair or something similar in your spot when you leave. If anyone is dumb enough to steal your spot, you get to break a window, rebury their car, or remove a valvestem from one of their tires. Source: Former resident of Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Chicago, Boston, and NYC
Good point. It doesn't sound like a terrible deal until I realize that I made more shoveling driveways in the late 80s.
But, but, but the disdain of random strangers on the internet! How can you possibly brave that?
DC gets an average of 15" of snow annually, with a median of 11". Boston gets 4x that. Thus, Boston's DPW is better equipped, better funded, and far more practiced at snow removal. On the flip side, if it gets to 95 in Boston for several straight days, people die. In DC, we call it June.
1995, IIRC. Over 500 people died, mainly elderly. I was in Madison at the time, and recall sleeping outside on quite a few nights, as it was utterly stifling inside my shitty $300 apartment without AC. That type of heat wave in DC wouldn't have been overly notable, but it was absolutely hellish at the time. The following winter would have absolutely destroyed DC (100+ inches of snow and -40 temps), but was just another shitty upper Midwest winter for those of us who lived there.
My 25th is next year. I'm not on social media, nor am I going to attend, but am fairly certain that most of my classmates are overweight breeders.
My cravings were annoyingly strong for roughly 100 days and then they just went away. I still have fond memories of smoking, and enjoy the smell when it wafts by, but I have zero urge to actually smoke. When I did have cravings, I just used my natural stubbornness to tell my brain that I wasn't going to give in, so it could go fuck itself.
After a while, I just found that not smoking was normal, so I pretty much stopped thinking about it.
I'm not an ice cream fan, for some reason, but whatever works for you. Another great part of being an adult is walking around my house naked while listening to death metal. Try doing that with kids.
I believe the scientific term for enough snow to lose the measuring tools is fuck-ton.
Sweet. I don't have to drive the wife to work tomorrow morning, thanks to no bus service out here in the boonies.
We'll have likely resorted to cannibalism by then. Be forewarned.
It's always nice to see a pibble in their natural habitat.
I went to undergrad in WI and grad school in MN. You kids get zero sympathy from me.
In a massive snowstorm like this, if you shovel it, you own it until the snow melts down to a reasonable level. Leave a space-saver when you head out. If someone moves it, they don't value your labor or their car very much. In many snowbelt cities, taking someone's parking spot will result in damage to your vehicle or your car being buried in a ton of snow.
I lived on the Somerville/Cambridge line by Inman Sq. many, many years ago. If you messed with someone's parking spot, even when there wasn't snow, very bad things would happen to your car. If there was snow, you could 100% guarantee that stealing a spot would result in broken windows. On the plus side, once I claimed a spot as my own, the neighbours were awesome about guarding it when I was out of town. Since plows were late getting around to that part of town, and the city line went down our street, we would usually have a shoveling party to clean up the street long before the main roads were open.
Considering you can get the death penalty for speeding or an expired registration sticker, I wouldn't be surprised.
When you're alone, no one knows you're not wearing pants in the office, nor can they smell the Bushmills in your coffee.
I'm actually a Tullamore guy, but Bushy's is more well known. Jamesons doesn't mix as well, for some reason.
[Pitbulls hate Popville](http://imgur.com/fy82tYD)
CNN is just bitter that they ceased to be a relevant source of news in roughly 1997.
My downstairs bathroom. Soooooo goddamned comfortable.
They had front-end loaders and heavy-duty plows widening the drivable area when I came back through around 10:30. I'm going to guess it'll be less bad, but there's no way all of the snow will be moved out of the way by tomorrow.
Such a mellow pitbull. Mine would have bathed you in gallons of saliva from head to toe within a minute.
This is absolutely the only correct answer. I have scientific proof that two adults and two pibbles can comfortably sleep in a double bed.
Shave.
There probably wasn't even any snow, because Philly.
I grew up in northern NH, Quebec, and CO (At 8,500'), and went to college in WI and MN. They totally handle snow and cold better in all of those places, because it's winter roughly 85% of the fucking time. They also handle snow better in Siberia and in the Alps. Additionally, water is wet.
Because Jesus said so in the book of something or other. Basically, thou shalt owneth the genitalia of thine woman and the genitalia of all women by having been blesseth with a schlong. Thou shalt make inane commandents in regardeth to thine woman's genitalia, as women cannoteth make choices on thine own genitalia. So sayeth the lord.
I like elected officials of any gender identity who aren't gigantic, power-hungry dickbags who believe they have a say over the personal choices of their constituents.
If a fuck-trophy touches my food, I would not hesitate to dropkick them across the restaurant and then descend on their parent-folk with the fury of a thousand supernovae.
Jesus Tapdancing Christ Sweet Fucking Jesus Godmotherfuckingamnit
Sliding glass, IIRC. He probably has 50ish classic vehicles in varying states of decrepitude stashed in his 2 barns. In the 15 years that I've known him, he hasn't sold a damn thing, although he did trade me some trim pieces for an Austin Healy for 2 cases of Coors. He also has a mid-1960s BMW R69S that I have lusted after for years.
I almost forgot about the "I worked with poor people and didn't even get AIDS kid".
Air chisel time. Stand back, kids.
Is that a fossil or a rotor?
Random pic I took the other day when heading over to drink beer: [63 Galaxie and random 429](http://i.imgur.com/Hwj9NZk.png)
Our area of Virginia is interesting, in that there are wealthy white retirees living on the water a few miles to one side and poor local folks, mainly black, living further inland, where both this farm and my shop are located. The retirees provide the majority of my business financially, but the local folk are the ones who provide the bulk of my business physically, and who keep an eye on our properties. If someone who wasn't recognized showed up on the farm or near my shop, the result would be an interrogation at the end of a 12ga from one of the locals, as they don't seem to miss anything. Thieves aren't taken lightly in these parts.
Good catch, although I think it's a 240. He moves things around randomly, as there was a 429 there for quite a few months, and prior to that, a decrepit 283. ETA: The Galaxie in the pic has a 352 and a Cruise-o-Matic. It hasn't been registered since roughly 1975.
Of course it's safe. What could possibly go wrong with buying illegal drugs from a stranger in the internet?
Her Royal Woofiness had CCL surgery a couple of days ago, and is unhappy with being confined to a crate for a few days. She is staring ever so longingly at the couch.
Baron Allistair von Woofpants
Having a grave already dug for the thief solves that problem.
I'm not afraid of them, but I do find them absolutely disgusting.
Even if my life is meaningless without children, I'm having a great fucking time. In the grander scale, the sun is going to consume the Earth some day, and nothing we do will matter, so I'm going to go have a breakfast beer.
I own a Bobcat, so gravedigging is fun and easy. I do like the ribcage idea, though.
[Pitbulls think poop should be picked up and that Popville links should be banned](http://i.imgur.com/7wChRDs.jpg)
Not hard to find at all. Rodman's has it, as does MacArthur Liquors. I'm sure most of the better stores in town will have it.
I can only speak for the WF on Wisconsin, but their beer and wine prices are actually pretty good.
I didn't choose my exciting career as a communications engineer, so much as I slowly fell into it. It's not exciting or overly interesting, but it pays moderately well and is zero stress. Being in a union makes it quite a bit better, thanks to good bennies and a pension. As none of my passions would ever pay the bills, I chose the least reprehensible job that had good pay and benefits. I'll likely retire by 50 and spend the remainder of my life neck-deep in debauchery.
If only I had a daughter... I'm fairly big, bearded, and heavily tattooed, so it would likely be very effective. I'll offer it up to my neighbors when their daughter starts dating.
There are several of us. Popville is fine and dandy for sheltered Millennials who enjoy clickbait and dislike diverse opinions. Otherwise, it's just a shitty vanity project.
I'd be inclined to agree. If she were in her 50s, quitting would make sense, but at 74, there's not much point. Even as a nonsmoker, I highly doubt I'll make it anywhere near 74.
My neighbours and I learned long ago to just pay a plow to run through the alley. We split it roughly 10 ways, so it's $20ish a piece.
Imagine the water pressure you'd get from a 350.
Unfortunately, the floors of my truck don't look any better.
Did you give him a name? I have always named any live vermin I remove from a vehicle.
Give them a 5" exhaust?
What is it going to mate with?
I have been using Georgen Scarborough in Vienna for over a decade to handle my personal and business taxes. They're well priced and have provided fantastic service.
JB Weld to their aft exhaust port.
Nope, just a good, smoky Scotch.
If you're asking this question, I'm guessing you would be unlikely to have the financial wherewithal to qualify for a $2,500 a month lease.
Georgetown Tobacco
I slowly morphed from a mechanic to an automotive engineer to a comms engineer. Fortunately, while my degree was somewhat unrelated, I had almost 20 years of related experience in networks.
Poor girl. Mine is recovering from a TPLO a few days ago. Aside from the shaved leg and incision, she gives zero indication that she just had surgery. Pibbles heal very, very quickly.
How could drunkenly eating chili dogs whilst wasted at 2:15am on a Sunday not be amazingly romantic? The girl is probably pining away for this gentleman, in between trips to dry heave up last night's cosmos.
Mine is a perpendicular sleeper. She also expands in size by 60% whilst laying on a bed.
Having endured NYC and Boston, NoVa/DC ain't half bad. It's nowhere near the top of my list, but I'm fairly ambivalent about the area. Better weather and a lack of inbred, asshole townies helps immensely.
Life is a circle jerk. Meh...
Decomposition is an eternal reward?
That looks like part of the reverse pinion gear on a turbodiesel ass-hammer with a scrotum-cupping attachment. Am I right?
Absolutely terrifying breed. I refuse to sleep with any more than 3 on my bed at night.
My wife and I moved down from DC roughly a year ago. After a few months of house hunting, we settled on Kenwood, as it very closely resembled our neighbourhood in DC, Glover Park. Aside from the fact the weather doesn't suck, the first thing you'll notice is that St Pete is disturbingly, breathtakingly cheap. $320k buys you an actual house here, rather than a shitty studio condo.
George Carlin likely said it best: “Pride should be reserved for something you achieve or obtain on your own, not something that happens by accident of birth. Being Irish isn't a skill... it's a fucking genetic accident. You wouldn't say I'm proud to be 5'11"; I'm proud to have a pre-disposition for colon cancer.”
A manual gearbox in a Liberty is the automotive equivalent of whipped cream on a turd.
I had a fairly solid beard by 18, but it took until 21 or 22 until my mustache reached the same thickness. Everything has continued to get thicker and thicker in the ensuing 20 years until I now look like a wookiee if I don't trim.
Thanks to an issue where it ate starter solenoids like tictacs, I started my 1978 Blazer like that for 2 years.
Did you take this pic with a russet or a yukon gold?
That looks like the ignition switch on my old K5 Blazer.
I had to stop taking my pibble to one of my local bars, as not only can I not withstand puppy eyes, most of the regulars and employees couldn't either, thus leading to my pibble subsisting on fries and pieces of cheeseburger.
I didn't particularly like other kids when I was a kid, preferring the company of adults or, better yet, being alone.
Mercedes uses high-pressure hydraulic blinkers. I wouldn't chance using cheap blinker fluid.
My pibble is 7 weeks recovered from her 2nd TPLO. The first week is rough for them, but, being pibbles, they recover in record time.
I happen to love dive bars; the dirtier, the better. My nomination for the worst bar would be a 20-way tie between all of the fru-fru dude-bro bars downtown with their $20 artisanal tipples or Ferg's, as I have an illogical hatred for large sports bars with terrible food and dirty beer lines.
The fucking Russians named a city after us? Sad.
I'd rather just walk a few extra blocks to the Bends or the Emerald. Ferg's may have the dirtiest beer lines in FL.
Compared to the civilized world, Tampa is shockingly inexpensive.
Awwww, he's almost big enough to be a real human.
If this were a Mopar, it would be better than OEM.
Shitty or no oil in a rental? File under: not your problem. Also, j-turn. You need to pull as least one j-turn.
The only thing I know about airplanes is that this is going to be disastrously expensive to fix.
Thanks to Florida being a shitty provincial backwater, our HF clerks are 60+ and toothless. Actually, most women down here are 60+ and toothless, so it's not just HF.
I'm so old I remember installing these.
Meh, it's a boob. Slightly more than half of the population has them. While I'm no fan of sprogs, breastfeeding is about as innocuous an activity as there is.
I get the insistent headbutts to the leg until my otherwise athletic pibble is gently lifted and placed on the bed to her liking. She will jump down if she is lifted incorrectly.
I use good old Park CL1. It's roughly $8 on Amazon. There's no need for anything heavier or tougher here.
As someone who flew weekly for roughly 15 years, my response to 99% of requests to move seats was to take out one headphone, stare at them for a solid 30 seconds, flatly say no, and then proceed to ignore them. Worked like charm.
3) My semen turned blue and smells like raspberries after my vasectomy. I presume that's normal.
I, unfortunately, am not even close to as altruistic as this gentleman. I intend to spend every cent I earn on travel, food, booze, and tattoos, and will then die youngish, with a huge smile on my face.
Pibbles do not get up from furniture, they flow off of it.
No, but having multiple dogs, and old house on which I'm constantly working, and a lot of outdoor gear does. Thus, I have a station wagon and a pick-up.
That is brilliant, good sir or madam.
My siblings and I never so much as raised our voices in the house growing up, as doing so would've resulted in a swift, not easily forgettable punishment. That aside, seeing even well-behaved kids makes me glad I'm snipped.
Considering I got in trouble in kindergarten for calling someone a "dirty fucking cocksucker" while chasing them with a stick on the playground (Riding in a car with my father teaches one some amazing profanity permutations), I don't think I would've been too shocked with "crap".
All 3 of my toolboxes are a rainbow coalition of tool brands. I have yet to see one of my Matco screwdrivers attempt to attack one of my old Craftsman box wrenches.
As far back as I can remember, I was far too terrified of my parents to even consider throwing a tantrum. A little discipline does a long ways. Also, it's a good opportunity to teach kids that in the real world, no one gives a flying fuck about your feelings.
I had a wife like that when I was your age. The operative word here being *had*.
Despise may be a bit strong, but I can unequivocally say that I would rather avoid interaction with children, if at all possible.
Do not get a pitbull. They freaking love kids. Mine loves to wag and bounce whenever she sees a sprog.
Heading to Tahoe this weekend and then off to Morocco for a few weeks next month. Childfree life sucks.
Fort DeSoto in St Pete has a huge dog beach, although it gets extremely crowded during peak periods.
You mean sterile, boring, and a gigantic fuck you to the community who supported Pride since the beginning?
If one is going to announce their departure via writing on the underside of a customer's car, they should, at least, have the decency to correctly utilize some punctuation.
First, find yourself a good insurance agent, a good lawyer, and then bend over and grab your ankles. I say this as someone who owns a shop.
If one is going to do a shitty wiring job, at least use some split-loom and clip the ziptie ends flush.
I was in a similar situation to you when I was roughly the same age. I got divorced, moved across the country, and met my vehemently childfree wife to whom I've been married for almost 15 years. You'll be fine.
My vas deferens. My choice. I chose to have mine severed.
FL, 41M
Exactly. I had to have surgery to become infertile.
My body was designed for drinking beer, and I refuse to let anyone tell me differently.
Stupid people are the bread and butter of my business.
Vinoy ≠ Don Cesar, chief...
Looks like modern art.
As a former R32 owner, there is no way in hell I would have sullied the interior of my car with a child.
People stop saying this when you hit your 40s and continue to spend your free time globetrotting.
Working fine on my blender.
Ahh, Florida...
Caveat: All of it is painted on velvet and bought from vans in Walmart parking lots.
I refer to mine as my canine life partner.
...and that's why you should never travel sober without studio-quality headphones.
So long as you don't have a problem with me consuming mass quantities of beer, I have zero problems with you not drinking.
Cropdust them next time.
Yes, Timmy. He's just sleeping.
Oooooh, a glass dutch oven...
It's 44 and windy in St Pete. I'm guessing pretty much every plant in my yard will be dead in a couple of hours.
If I had a dollar for every 7, 8, 10, and 13mm that I've lost over the years, it wouldn't make a lick of difference in the stupid amount of money my SnapOn guy has made off of me.
Meh, looks are seriously overrated. I'm much more attracted to someone with whom I can have great conversations and with whom I can enjoy life. I'm not entirely sure if I'm physically attractive or not, but I give zero fucks as to others' opinions of me, so it really doesn't matter. I'm married now, but when I was dating back in the olden days, I had no "type". I dated based on clicking with someone intellectually, rather than by body type, race, or the like. Also, the world is infested with assholes and douchenozzles. Ignore them and you'll find there are some pretty great, non-judgmental people out there.
I'm pretty sure my pibble would attempt to crawl inside of me if the heat went out.
Beagle ears and pibble tongue. Good combo.
I nearly had to drag my FL pibble out the door this morning. She doesn't do 48 and drizzle.
The sooner ones comes to the understanding that all things are belong pibble, the better.
I had a 4.7 in a 2001 Dakota work truck. It was a dog, but it didn't give me any issues in the 125k that I drove it, which is more than I can say for any other Mopar I've had.
My pibble hates riding in a tractor or a Gator, but loves riding in my truck, as it has a bench seat and she can stretch out with her head on my lap.
I worked in a steakhouse/sportsbar in college as a straightedge vegan. I never thought twice about it.
Damn, so I guess I'm just a big, bearded, heavily-tattooed girl? Oh well...
It may be a terrier thing. My MIL's Jack Russells can clear a room, despite weighing 15lbs each.
I thought the panhandle was technically Baja Georgia?
I see you have provided Ike with a natural pibble habitat: a bed.
Pibbles, being half cat, are generally the quirkiest dogs imaginable.
Needs more pibble.
I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and goddammit, I deserve a treat.
You may want to check out the SPCA vet center on 34th/5th. They have a couple of solid vets and a sliding scale on pricing.
By "enjoy", I presume you mean staying inside, and by "cooler weather", I presume you mean miserable Arctic bullshit?
Yes, we do. When I lived in VA, anything below freezing was cold. Now that I've been assimilated into FL, anything under 60 is stay inside and build a fire weather.
You will walk into the kitchen and bring me a burger.
The only thing I miss about living in NYC was stopping by Vegan Treats for $200 of awesomeness on the way down to visit family in VA.
After a while, you just forget about non-vegan options, as vegan becomes your new normal. I'm years past finding non-vegan options disgusting; I just view them as inedible.
My pibble refuses to get out of bed until she hears food in her bowl downstairs.
She has me very well-trained.
Two of the worst things in the world: Cruises and EDM (Which is apparently the new name for techno). No wonder everyone was high.
I'm glad that all I heard was my neighbor puking loudly in the alley.
I've found that a gas-axe works well on these.
All couches are belong pibble.
High-quality steel-toed workboots. Every vegan one I've tried either didn't breathe at all or fell apart in a couple of months.
If there's anything cuter than a sleeping pibble, I'm not sure my heart could handle it.
My pibble does that even when she doesn't have the bed to herself. I woke up with a paw on my face this morning (again).
She was back to her normal absolutely insane self after the recovery period. Just follow the vet's recommendations and ease your pibble back into normal activity and they will be golden.
My pitbull was attacked by a Golden Retriever last year. We totally need to ban those, right?
I would think that any repair exceeding $50 would pretty much total a 200.
The weather. Everything else pretty much blows.
Yeah, the other Clinton. The grabby one who liked cigars.
As a fellow FL resident who is owned by a pibble, might I suggest micro-breweries? My pibble is literally mobbed by folks every time we head out for beers. Combine a friendly, adorable pibble, an adopt-me vest, and a few beers, and you've found yourself a home for a pibble. If my pibble wasn't such a spoiled brat when it came to being the center of attention, I'd love to have another pibble.
You may want to check out 4 Wheel Parts up off of Busch. They're a chain, but they would have more experience with this type of application. IIRC, the Outback lift is generally achieved with pucks, so it's not a huge undertaking.
Pregnancy is the worst STD. Also, wear a fucking condom.
I have a customer who has been doing this for years. On the plus side, he's great at keeping all of the parts well organized. Poor guy really tries, but I don't think he was blessed with much mechanical aptitude. Normally, I would charge an extra hour or two of labor, just in case the customer royally fucked something else up in the process of botching their repair.
It becomes more difficult when one has a couple of friends named Jesus. Is it the guy from my homebrew club calling or is it someone's imaginary sky daddy?
Hopefully, the paper is handled in an environmentally responsible way, such as being recycled into toilet paper.
R'amen
That's surprising. My pibble is super friendly and wags at absolutely everyone. We rarely can get through a walk without someone giving her some attention. When we go to bars or breweries, she usually has a line of folks waiting to give her loves.
You haven't gone off the deep end until you have two of these filled to the gills.
I wish we had rabbits hopping into the shop. Instead, we have snake visitors. Thankfully, other than the resident copperhead that lives in our scrap pile out back, they're generally not danger noodles.
Exactly. Nothing would fuck up kids more than living with people who actively dislike them and pay zero attention to them. I can't even pretend to tolerate kids.
Keep a water bottle handy and spray them whenever they get aggressive. You might also consider muzzling them.
It's likely you're not surrounded by as many assholes as some people are. Consider yourself lucky.
I'm not sure I can upvote this as much as it deserves...
I'm convinced that most pibbles are actually cats, which would explain everything.
As everyone else has opined, the shelter is the only answer. Even better, adopt an adult pibble, as they'll love you even more and never piss on the floor.
I haven't been drunk enough or depressed enough to set foot in a Crapplebees in a couple of decades.
Granted, I'm someone who just let their pitbull destroy a basketball in front of several kids, as they refused to say "please" in requesting their ball be returned...
I'm putting money on this vehicle being driven by a chubby neckbeard with an airbrushed wolf t-shirt.
I was one of five. It sucked. Hence why I never looked back after I left home at 18.
If you're looking for fine-line in DC, I'd highly recommend Tim Corun at JinxProof in Georgetown. He's done a couple of really nice pieces for me. While JinxProof definitely has an assembly line feel on weekends, they have several really solid artists who work mainly weekdays.
I just gave my pibble a treat after looking at this. Can verify it works very well.
It was far better when it was in Kenwood. It's now a boring, sterile procession through the dull hellscape that is downtown. That notwithstanding, I will be in the procession in a speedo and an animal head, as per usual.
I lived in NYC for 3 years many moons ago and hated every second of it, whereas I find St Pete fairly tolerable. I honestly can't think of a single thing I liked about NYC save for 24 hour bodegas.
Both Don and Aaron at Evil Don in St Pete do fantastic work. Also, as previously mentioned, Chelsea at Amulet is an excellent artist.
