That brisket looks so dry. No surprised it's a guy from Salt lick...
No Nien Nunb pop in there?
Could also be my cat stepping on my laptop keyboard...
Looks like mine thinks we have a whole set of R2s then :D
&gt; Due in our Warehouse Sunday 31 July, 2016 I wonder where I'll be able to order these guys in the US.
Stop teasing me with this Nien Nunb exclusive!
I believe it's from the UK.
Is that a new shipment? If, so, I may get a chance to score one in NYC...
I was in France last week and they had all the Walgreen Exclusives (except for the GitD Yoda)
If you have the equivalent of Micromania in your country, they had tons of exclusives.
You can find them [here](http://www.amazon.fr/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1/277-8784005-3213154?__mk_fr_FR=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&amp;url=search-alias%3Daps&amp;field-keywords=funko+sherlock). If you have a US amazon account, they'll charge you in dollars, which is good to avoid change fees.
No, you can't. Or you can but then you have to ship from the US and it'll be much more expensive. As you're buying pops it should be pretty straight forward. The buttons are the same color in French or in English.
Yup. It looks like it's in stock. Price already includes tax. Click on "Ajouter Au Panier" Then just put you're friend's address during checkout and the rest should be the same. upload a screenshot here if you're stuck somewhere. I'll translate it for you.
Nothing up my alley here. My wallet had a sigh of relief.
The 2 pops were only for the 1st box and they advertised it this way. There is no mention of 2 pops in this one. They announced there would be a flocked item though.
People won't be disappointed if they don't have unrealistic expectations.
I confirm.
891
Ping me if OP already found one. I want one as well.
When is it getting released?
That's why this is my only SW Pop that I keep in box.
I use GF bisquick mix. It's by far the best mix I found out there.
+1 for Finn with the blood on his stormtrooper mask Otherwise: Blues Brothers
He'll probably be horrified in 10 years. :D
It's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark... and we're wearing sunglasses.
I feel the same way pretty often. Wake baby lexm up at 6:30, feed him, get him dressed, then off to daycare at 7:30. At night, I get home around 6pm and he goes to bed between 6:30 and 7. Even when I try maximizing the weekends, I still feel like I don't see him much. I ended up taking FMLA time off last summer and it was worth every minute.
Well I know what I'm doing at lunch time tomorrow then...
Gamgam shouldn't [write this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threatening_the_President_of_the_United_States) if she wants to be able to vote for Trump this year!
Per the Family and [Medical Leave Act](http://www.dol.gov/whd/fmla/), you are entitled to 12 weeks of unpaid leave within the 12 months after your kid is born for bounding. There are a few requirements but, generally, your employer isn't allowed to deny the leave and must keep your job for 12 weeks. Not many fathers know about it, unfortunately, even when they can afford to take the time off. I ended up taking 6 out of the 9 weeks I planned because I changed jobs in the middle but it was the best time of my life. I know your kid is older than a year so that won't work for you but keep it in mind when/if you have a 2nd one. :)
Literally...
It's a common that'll be available everywhere within the next couple of weeks.
[Kirk Cameron](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4009460/companycredits?ref_=tt_dt_co) (and Liberty University)
I wish we'd see the aftermath of it.
Wow the hoth Chewie is pretty cheap! I'm going to get one.
It's a little sad that you see nothing wrong in people gaming the system. That tells a lot about your ethics I guess. As for the rest, you're just a troll.
&gt; I work retail and if a customer needs help then employees are expected to help them and be respectful That kind of sounds like being in a customer facing job, indeed. :)
$10.99 is regular price. I've seen pops for $13.99 at a different Walgreen's earlier today.
I'm sure someone is going to release a variant like this. Otherwise, I guess I'll have to try and do the same awesome job you did.
I picked one up a couple days ago. I didn't make it in the picture. Thanks for asking though.
I used [this link](http://www.walgreens.com/search/results.jsp?Ntt=star+wars+exclusive) to check stock at the Walgreen's around the city. Somehow the one that had 10+ in stock didn't have any on the floor or in the back (or at least, that's what the employee told me). I went to all the ones that had 6-9 in stock and found some each time.
Yesterday was: -- What's in that box? -- I don't know? -- Auuuugh
I think it's a trap! Edit: Ouch people didn't like that Ackbar reference :(
&gt; If you're not smart enough to understand **the connection** between events taking place in Paris &amp; events taking place in Germany &amp; **how they are applicable**, don't blame Trump for your lack of awareness. Please enlighten us.
This is pretty accurate even if painted with very large brush strokes. I'm not sure how increase in "petty" crimes in Germany can be correlated to terrorism acts in France or how the direct influx of immigrants in Germany can be compared to French citizen who may not consider themselves French though. It's as if Trump had written: "Stock in China tumbling down. El Nino soaks California. Get Smart"
[That is actually not entirely true.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/paris-attacks-the-eight-terror-suspects-named-so-far-all-have-eu-passports-a6738821.html)
Came from Syria with his EU passport.
You want their healthcare, don't ya?!?
Plus their new Prime Minister is dreamy. I can't blame you.
I went to the closest to my office in NYC and not only they don't have it but they don't have any SW pops anymore! However, they had a wall full of Harry Potter ones. I guess they're thinking of banking on that new movie.
I came here to post that.
lol! My wife hasn't caught up on that yet.
Indeed. :D I didn't have time to jump on the Q to check the Union Sq one. I may go tomorrow though.
Wow that's clearly a stretched assumption based on a 140 characters tweet here. It's also a misreading of what I wrote which started with "This is pretty accurate...". My issue with what Trump wrote is the blind correlation he did between 2 events, which you also made: "It's all the immigrants fault" where, in the case in France today, we still don't know if the guy was French or not. And, in the Paris attacks in November, most, if not all the terrorists were EU citizens. The fact that Germany may be having more crime because of the sudden influx of immigrants has very little to do with the aforementioned facts. As I previously wrote, it is as if Trump had written something like "72 degrees in NYC at xmas time. North Korea tested an atomic bomb. Get Smart"
What's special with that Kylo Ren?
Edit: neve rmind. I saw it priced at $25 at first. I must have misread.
I read it as $25 at first. That's my mistake. Sorry.
Who needs encryption when all you have to txt someone is "I'm going now". Unfortunately, that makes it particularly hard for any type of intelligence agency to predict such acts of terrors before they happen. Which doesn't mean that the French/European intelligence didn't drop the ball. Because they did, and in a big way.
&gt; I never said it was ISIS or terrorism.. I don't get what Daesh has to do with it. This is where we have a miscommunication, I believe. I was trying to find a logical correlation, while you were just stating your blind hatred for Muslim people. With this clarification made, I don't think we'll be able to get to a common ground on this matter.
I don't think you should go for it at that price. Instead send me the link so I can doublecheck for you... with my wallet.
&gt; The logical correlation is between the immigration problem that has been created in France &amp; Germany. Based on our previous discussion, I know you know better than that. It's not an immigration problem when the kids are born and raised in France. It's an integration problem. The US doesn't really have this problem because most 2nd generation kids are pushed to do better than their parents (not always successfully but still). You can find examples of this just about everywhere you look in this country. And no need to be petty and start calling names. I'm bowing out because we have very contradictory beliefs and we won't find a middle ground. While appalled by your opinion, I still respect it.
"The banana is in the hole" would at least raise an eyebrow. :D
I was going to keep mine in box but I think it's a shame not to be able to see them all.
Yeah I'm just waiting for it to show up in stores. I don't have to be the first one to get it. I just want to get it at some point.
Ewok flocked mug with the felt inside.
If they really want to milk it: Either Unmasked Kylo or Rey w/ Lightsaber and then a bunch of characters we see for a half second in the movie.
I meant the GS exclusive on [their site](http://www.gamestop.com/collectibles/toys/pop-star-wars-episode-vii-nien-numb-with-helmet-bobblehead-gamestop-exclusive/127935).
If you are looking for a GitD Yoda. I have an extra one. We can meet in midtown (I work near TS) and for $13 it's yours
Yeah interesting to know. At least it's not that huge ass sticker from Walgreen's.
I got mine on ebay for $75 + Shipping. I think you should buy them all at $40 a pop.
Don't spend $$$ on Jar Jar. It looks like it's going to be reissued.
They're claiming they'll get stock January 20th or 22nd. Let's see if that happens.
Someone at B&amp;N.com is having a hell of a time. "Let me add 3 in stock and see how long it take for /r/funkopo to grab them"
lol. Putting a baby on a white couch. These people like to live dangerously.
I'm not into Marvel pops but this black suit Spidey and the Goblin both look sweet.
Oh i thought that was 24 hours. I'm definitely nicely reserving one then.
Good to know they're that good. I'll definitely check them out for exclusives I can't find here.
Probably early next week. I'll check again on Monday.
I'm definitely cancelling. I'm more worried about getting a refund instead of charging back on my CC.
That looks so good! I'd definitely get one!
I just tried the butter tip and it was so delicious!
I'm still hoping B&amp;N is going to get their heads out of where the sun never shines and get these pops. They're $1 cheaper there.
You're lucky.
Do you want to trade that pop on the right for my Chase Tie Fighters?
Reserved again this morning and it looks like they have some stock. I received the confirmation. I'll go pick it up this afternoon.
Thanks OP for sharing this video. Bowie was not only a great artist by himself but an amazing duettist.
Now if only they made it to NYC in the first place...
Born the same year as my father... Ouch.
Thanks I guess? I'm not sure how this is relevant at the release date was marked as January 11th (today) on their site and was just moved to the 15th. Just trying to help out, here.
Ours started getting up by himself without anything to hold on this weekend (great core strength there) and really walking around. It's pretty amazing! Soon they'll be running around in the playground and we'll have to ramp up on cardio to catch up.
ffs Ibought some last week... I always have bad timing with sales.
About $400. Ouch.
Maybe at some point it'll be re-released and I'll get it then :D
And Trent Reznor plays basically all the instruments but the synthesizer on this track. The whole tune was a tight collaboration between Eno, Trent and Bowie.
You are quite quick on the trigger eh... There's quite a lot more information on this post than on the other one.
He was in the musical scene back in the '60s and '70s so he probably did the former at some point. He was never much of a smoker though. It's still odd though because I've grown accustomed to thinking that 60+ year old wasn't old anymore. and seeing people my parents age passing away definitely hit close to home.
It's like they congregated all the NYC B&amp;N pops in this one they had 3 rows worth of pops. They got rid of their SW pops though. I found only a couple.
You know what we need? Pop condoms™... (I'm ™ this one so I can get some $$$ when Funko comes up with it)
Let's agree to disagree on Amy Winehouse...
I just started listening to Blackstar. I did like Lazarus a lot.
The stormtrooper on the right looks too small... ;) These are awesome finds!
They are still on the second floor and by the 1st floor registers and they really have tons of them. Especially regular Batmans. They had so many yesterday that I checked them all to make sure there wasn't a chase in there.
This version is awesome!
There were 2 of each kind. I bought a Goblin and black suit Spiderman so there are 2 iron spiderman, 2 taskmasters, 1 goblin and 1 black suit Spiderman left. On a side not, wth is wrong with Goblin? I can't get him to stand up OOB :/
I saw that on the site when I got to the office. It was a quick subway ride there and back.
The boxes were in terrible shape in my B&amp;N clearance bin.
Yeah it's definitely hard to get around in the US. If shipping wasn't so expensive, I'd ask you to get me one and ship it. :)
I still haven't received my shipment from December. It may be stuck in customs but I have no way to track the order. I did receive the following from their support team today: &gt; Hello Dean, &gt; Thank you for contacting us about your missing pops. &gt; &gt; I can see that your pops were dispatched on the 21st, 22nd and 31st of December and we do need to allow up to 30 days for its arrival. &gt; &gt; If there is anything else that we can do, then please do not hesitate to get in touch and a member of our team will be happy to help. The problem is my name isn't Dean... So did the send me someone else's email or did they mess up my name... No need to say that I'm really unimpressed so far.
My permanent answer to this question: The Blues Brothers.
Nice! I'm thinking of getting into the Pulp Fiction pop collection.
I totally missed the base when I unboxed him. :D Thanks for the info!
Hopefully they're going to pop up in more stores in the next few days.
sweet sweet bacon that never judges me.
The elusive panda helmet Kylo Ren. There's only one of its kind.
I think you are biased...
They're so cute! I almost want them.
I can't imagine how much you paid for it. I'm sure your first child is doomed though :D
Ignore the pop in the image. It represents all the Marvel exclusive.
I'm interested in your Marty McFly :)
I actually just received my first box from PiaB today. I still have some on their way I think. Mine was the Bobba Fett Prototype.
You should show it on /r/funkopop
Do you ever get the notifications from Funko? My wife got me the yearly subscription but it looks like she didn't get any tracking for the 1st box.
I have a Spirit Yoda as well but I don't think I can do a better price than /u/nashlib shipped. Unless you're in NYC and I'll save you on shipping.
I received the email but I don't even know if I have hot cash... This is so confusing.
I'm still confused where I'm supposed to find/see it in my HT email.
I don't mind SW stuff but not ridiculous things like we've been seeing.
I received an email about it but no code in that email. Where am I supposed to find it (other than here).
Do you come to the city at any point? We can meet and for $12 Yoda is yours.
&gt; Each box contains **pop! Vinyl**, apparel, accessories, collectibles and more! I'd be pretty upset if we got a dorbz. As a flocked item, it could be an ewok flocked shirt.
Unmasked Leia!
Glad I skipped this one. As a pop collector, seeing just a common that I can find out there for $9 is just disappointing.
That's a great price!
They had the Jabba and the Dewback set. That's not really subpar. But my guess is that Walmart is such a big store that pops are probably not at the top of their priorities.
There are 2 targets in Brooklyn with stock but none in neighborhoods I want to take the subway to. :/
flocking inside the mug!
Did he get fired from the WWE again? Edit: Touchy subject, I see.
Yeah I just noticed that. It's exactly the same wording on both sites. :D
The free gift is after a year. That the renewal date.
It took me 3 minutes to realize it was the title of the movie. 13 hours of Michael Bay... Is that the 2 circle of hell?
I don't remember stickers from the one my parents have but yeah, does it still have the posters?
My guess is that the bar maker advertises that it can handle xxx lbs and they tested it. Except that a certain weight that would work for 1 guy won't work if 3 of them grab the bar from different angles, putting stress on the door frame and breaking it.
I didn't realize that it could have been instead of the release on the funko shop but it makes sense. Now I'm bummed because I don't think I'm a big enough DC fan to get this box and I was looking to see what the weekly release would be.
Wth...
If you like Cookie Monster yes. My B&amp;N has 30 of them on the shelves.
Yeah that was the one.
EB games has had stock since Christmas... :'(
I see some 2nd wave pops in there!
if /u/helloimfreshh isn't interested, I have a Spirit Yoda for sale.
I didn't get any notification about a contest I won. And my SS sent me Futurama pops
[Here's](http://imgur.com/RVnRNiK) the shipping label. I masked the name and part of the phone number, so the person doesn't get in trouble.
Just asked my wife and she was pretty mean about it so I'm going to assume she didn't do it.
Missed opportunity.
Yea I have the movie category switched on with everything thumbs down except for exclusives and chases and it looks like this guy didn't get thumbed up or down. It's no biggie. The movie was great so I'll keep him!
The pop itself was basically $12 with tax. If you add the shipping, I don't think $16 is a fair price for me.
Was it shipped from Missouri? I received one yesterday as well packed like crap and the box was banged up as well.
It's still on Amazon? Ok I'm going to amend my listing then. Thanks for the info.
A couple questions: What were you trying to prove Which one are you in the video How many more people were going to try hanging on the bar if 3 had worked Proof it's your apartment?
Oui mais Tim Curry on le sait depuis un moment. Tandis qu'avec Bowie et Rickman, ça a été la surprise.
I wonder if GS does the West to East delivery thing or delivers all at once. If the former, it'll be another few days before we see these guys in NYC.
"I think I left the light on in the kitchen. Let's go back to turn it off"
What city/state?
Ok lemme 'splain: TFA spoilers! So on the right side you have the baddies. Empire and 1st order. Except for the stormtrooper who attacks Lightsaber Finn. Then on the left side you have mini scenes: - Han shoots Greedo in Mos Eisley cantina (with the band playing) - C3-PO meets Han again - Rey finds BB-8 - Finn meets Po - Hoth scene -Jabba scene And then, all the way to the right, the pops I haven't integrated yet.
He has more screen time than Varmik
What's wrong with the stands? They make me feel like I receive a trophy each time I get a new pop. :D
They've been available online for a week or so. I've been stalking the availability in store of Akbar all that time.
No Walmart in NYC so...
I have [one](http://imgur.com/2d8BFVi). The box isn't in a great shape but if you're in NYC and you want it, I'll give it to you for free.
'cause Stone Cold said SO!
Where did you get the Undertaker? He's my favorite WWE star of all times.
Interesting... I'll check them out next week.
The main attractive point is the amount of meat that can be cooked in it. My WSM is great but 2 butts and it's done. I wish I could afford a nicer offset but under a grand, there doesn't seem to be much.
Thanks for the info. That's what I read around as well. In matter of modding. I'm glad you can keep it running 7 or 8 hours without refueling. That was definitely one of my concerns. Do you have pics of the fire bricks in the fire box? I'm interested to see hot it looks like. Where did you get the tuning plates from?
Does smuggler's bounty send a tracking number?
My wife got me the subscription for our anniversary but didn't see any email from them for the 1st order box. I'll have her check her spam folder.
Manhattan, KS?
When the Hudson river freezes over, I think we can consider it cold.
I have a big North Face jacket like this and I really enjoy it in the winter when I have to walk around in the neighborhood or even wait for the subway in sub freezing temps.
Do buyers get feedback as well? If so I'm going to poke the peeps I bought pops from. ;)
You're lucky. Mine is underground too but it gets below freezing as soon as the temp outside reaches 25 degrees and below.
Well, they could be in Fargo... So they have that going for them.
I'm on 41st between 6th and b'dway... And so mad at you!
Maybe I should go take a look tomorrow...
This pop makes me so happy because I refrained myself from buying the regular version of it!
Would you be interested in a Boba Fett (prototype) + Chrome tie fighter (or anti venom) for this gold bender?
I guess you're having amnesia, or you just moved to NYC but here was the situation [last year](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2966974/Manhattan-encased-ice-deep-freeze-intense-Polar-Vortex-Hudson-turned-river-ice-record-lows.html). &gt; Ferry operators have described it as the worst winter they have experienced in 28-years as they were forced to shut down after huge ice sheets, up to 18 inches thick, formed on the surface.
I cancelled mine last weekend after only 2 months. A month passed before I received the first wave of pops and, in there, I had 1 that I didn't upvote because it wasn't released yet (Taxi Driver), one I straight downvoted, A common and then Anti Venom and Boba Fett Proto.
Thanks, you made me buy a pop today... Or at least that's the story I'm going to serve my wife.
Waiting for your wife to not be there to bring them home? We've all been there ;)
lol
I'm not sure to understand the point you're trying to make with Washington DC. Is it that a lot of people are wearing Canada Goose there as well? Because if you compare [New York's](https://www.currentresults.com/Weather/New-York/Places/new-york-city-temperatures-by-month-average.php) **average temperature** with [DC]'s(https://www.currentresults.com/Weather/US/washington-dc-temperatures-by-month-average.php)'s, there is a significant difference. And it's now common knowledge that the last few years' winters have been particularly brutal on the East Coast.
When I didn't see my pops show up I did but they weren't super helpful. I still have a package in the wild that I should receive at some point.
His first one wasn't black and orange. That's why you didn't notice it.
&gt; I am arguing that the Hudson freezing is not a particularly strong example to show that NYC is cold when even half Southern cities like DC and fully Southern cities like Richmond can also have major rivers freeze over. Still not making any sense, sorry. Saying that other rivers do freeze over, doesn't mean that it does not very cold in NYC. That means that it gets very cold in other places. I also believe that the salinity of the waters around NYC (which is considered an estuary) is greater than the one in DC or Richmond.
Blues Brothers pops. Mainly because, they don't exist (yet) and I'm a HUGE fan of the movie.
The polar vortex was [last year](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/capital-weather-gang/wp/2015/02/19/arctic-outbreak-shatters-records-in-eastern-u-s-coldest-yet-to-come/).
It's been counting down for 2 months now.
HP, GoT, Disney, Sesame Street, Peanuts (mostly because find them ugly), Dr Who, most TV shows, movies and games...
All I know is that when I found the only delivery of Marvel Exclusive at Walgreen's in NYC, both GGs were regular.
Good luck! I'll be on the lookout here but I don't have my hopes up.
I'm wondering why they made the first wave so small. Maybe it's to build up the hype before they flood the market?
It may not include the Chase GG though. :D
But it's not the Walgreen's sticker Americans are expecting on this pop.
That's my main worry. There are tons in stock around me though.
If you subscribe, I think you can get the past boxes as well. I used to receive Lootcrate but I gave up on it. There were few months in 2015 where the boxes didn't meet my standards.
I think that's the case with all the flocked variants, does it?
Wicket and Wicket Flocked have the same number and same name.
Lootcrate is be best regifting box I've ever had for sure. To be fair, I also tried nerdblock and the pops I got from there were not even exclusive.
&gt; Could've been old luke, rey with a lightsaber. I would have preferred Asty or Maz Old Luke won't happen before the next movie. I have the same feeling about lightsaber Rey. No idea why Maz isn't a pop though. You can always cancel and get the next boxes afterward I guess.
I didn't cancel mine on time so if anyone is interested, I'll sell it at cost + shipping.
I've been trying to decide which Puff to get to go with my marshmallowed Ghostbusters. The struggle is real.
Archive.
373
Here's a pic of the mug that my wife appropriated herself immediately: http://imgur.com/a/Pb62V
Medium
I want this so much...
/u/houseofwolves95 is pretty cool I agree. I've been lurking on ebay at the bloody version. But it's so pricey.
Ping me if you have any Pulp Fiction, Big Lebowski or Big Bang Theory
Thanks. I was wondering.
Yeah I'm doing that for a few pops. So far I got my marshmallowed Ghostbusters set for a good price :)
I'm not sure you're going to have many sellers. It's pretty amazing.
Yes
I can meet tomorrow at lunch time in midtown or after 5 around Union sq. PM me what's best for you. I'll sell it at cost, $12.
I think it's out of stock because I can't add him to my cart. :(
It looks great but I have the feeling I saw too much of the movie in the trailer.
The chase is on...
2:31 gives away a lot of the plot. That's my feeling though. They can have left some major things out but that's not how it felt like.
Well we see the whole protagonists' details (powers, personality and such), the recruitment "process", the first mission, the bad guy and tidbits of what will happen with him. I wish they had left the Joker as a 1 second tease and I didn't need to see everyone's powers and mental disorders.
&gt; Snyder's Batman I'm not huge in DC comics so I'll need to know what issues to purchase. :)
Thanks! I'll check them out!
This thread should be sticky. :)
NY has seen very few from the 1st wave as well.
Can't seem to access it from my iPhone. Really odd.
Shame on you /u/bigdanintx for following up! ;)
I'd buy that actually. But they would price it $150 a pop.
What on earth is that? And why is it staring at me like this?
That's just plain scary. But I haven't seen the movie.
Isn't a chewbacca dorbs just an ewok?
Shush, you're going to give them ideas ;)
OMG it's so ugly!
I confirm you probably are. :D
I don't see any good outcome here...
I need the Jango first :)
I just picked up a Gold Bender on Ebay for $22 including shipping. Literally 10 minutes ago.
Try contacting /u/APF429. I think he/she is interested in either the pop or the whole box.
You're welcome! I see that your trip at B&amp;N afterward was fruitful. :)
I've seen other people today who were looking for the pop as well. I can direct them to you if I see some tomorrow.
I'm interested in buying the shock trooper.
Played a little with it. It's really nice. Can't wait to listen to the originals though.
I'm the same way with drinking and had the painful experience you are describing so that's what came first in mind. I tend to eat a lot of lean meat and vegetables. Very little starch or dairy though so that may help.
There's a GitD Finn with lightsaber?
That makes much more sense...
I don't think so.
While the content is just the usual 9/11 truther BS, the delivery makes it one of the top posts in this sub's history. By the end it was more facetable than facepalm...
Looks like she's already tickling his fastball in this screen?
I don't know what i was expecting but it's deliciously NSFW
Girls had breast big enough to stick a pen under them in your elementary school...??
I got a shock trooper to be delivered in the US. The shipping fee is to be charged separately but for $18, I think it's still a steal.
Why $25?
That's reasonable. With international shipping, it could be close to that.
[Bravo!](http://i.imgur.com/0mKXcg1.gifv)
That sub was much more interesting than I expected.
That's a great haul! Congrats!
I thought they were doing a bloody 2 pack?
These look terrible. lol.
I'm going straight to the ER if I get boogers this color. :D
Green like this requires Pop antibiotics!
Same price as the other Bruce Lee, around $17
Same price as the other Bruce Lee, around $17
Good thing that i have Doc Brown to help me with that :D
Nice. I'm looking into OK Joe's smokers. How do you like yours? Do you use only wood in it or also charcoal?
Looks like it's available for [$20 with Prime](http://www.amazon.com/Funko-Movies-Dragon-Exclusive-Figure/dp/B0189S8WZO/ref=pd_rhf_se_p_img_1?ie=UTF8&amp;refRID=1JCXR88CSPXMAYY70SGQ) though
Looks like it's available for [$20 with Prime](http://www.amazon.com/Funko-Movies-Dragon-Exclusive-Figure/dp/B0189S8WZO/ref=pd_rhf_se_p_img_1?ie=UTF8&amp;refRID=1JCXR88CSPXMAYY70SGQ) though
twist: She's wearing nothing behind that box.
&gt; Jimmie, Jules, and Vincent (Pulp Fiction): $30 for all 3 Frankly, I don't think it's going to happen. I've been shopping around for these guys and not only I haven't seen them for $10 a pop but that's not even accounting for shipping. You may be able to get something for $45 though.
Can you also get us the code for the unmasked Kylo?
Thanks! I'm looking forward to check for stock somewhere :)
You should stock up on them and send them to people who need it. I've seen 2 people asking for it today.
You mean compared to the $70 it runs for everywhere else?
If the tracker says 2-5, I don't usually bother. If it says 6-9, I go to the store and walk around until I see the toys aisle. Asking employees never brought anything positive in my experience.
Nevertheless there is much more demand than offer. Mostly because it was a box aimed at SW Pop fans so most people who receive that Chase tend to keep it.
He still had more screen time than Varmik! But yeah you"d expect the guy with the stripes to be a little better a flying a tie fighter than a regular pilot...
What fon... Oh wait, these are letters?
Have you purchased with them before? How reliable are they?
He's one out of 2 SW pops that I keep in box. The new Smuggler's one is the other in this case. I'm thinking of taking the latter out soon though.
For SW, just because of the sheer amount of characters, I stayed with my favorite characters. For example, I didn't buy Varmik and that red guy because I don't care for them. I wouldn't spend money on a flocked Wicket unless I get to light it on fire either (I really dislike ewoks).
You have 2 of the same variant?
Check if /u/ganndalf or /u/GamingCenterCX can get you one. It looks like they've got a lot around them.
I go to Midtown comics twice a week and I haven't seen any exclusive other than the PX there...
353
The box may not be in great condition.
I just went out to find some triple sec and some tequila and I definitely saw a AT-AT on the BQE
PM me on Monday. there was a store next to me with tins of them.
I don't know why we still have to ask this question: where?
I thought it was.
Do you still need that BB-8?
&gt; Unmasked Kylo Ren Not out yet.
I think it is forecasted for some time in February.
No luck. It looks like they sold the 12+ they had a couple weeks ago :( Sorry.
Looks like FT dropped a case of Sheriff Ralphie. Almost all the shipments I've seen had one.
And how are we supposed to know what you have or not?
He looks pretty badass. I don't really collect DC pops but I almost want to get it.
Here's the problem I have with this rule. I've obviously taken the photo. Whether I took it on Saturday, which I did, or today, which I don't have time to do isn't really relevant, is it? Obviously, I'm going to have to repost this on regular basis if I don't get any bite, like I did with my SW pops and I truly have better things to do than take a new picture every day so I can have the date on it. Thus, I would like to understand why the date is important.
Can I just date on my computer?
I'm so sorry for your loss. This is really terrible. Be there for your girlfriend but also think about yourself and take the time to mourn your loss.
And that one pop you forgot to thumb down too.
/r/nononoyes
Thanks! I was asking because i remembered it was announced early last month.
Good to know! Unless they have a WD exclusive pop, I'll probably skip then.
In the last few months, they've been hitting pops.
What's up with Sloth? I keep on seeing people looking for him.
That's Amazon Warehouse for you.
/u/Kmoore75801, there may be some serial downvoters in our midst. I was also shot down on sight.
Definitely. I was just wondering why this character was getting special attention.
Calling /u/Ghost1914
&gt; An amazing collectible figure Well played /u/lootcrate. Well played.
The site says 2 figures so there may be a chance one of them is a pop?
Could be dorbz.. *shivers*
If Greedo had been metallic, it would have been a completely different ball game...
Thanks /u/sazed for the alternate Frye and Leela that arrived in mint condition!
Target = no chance I'll get one even if there's one a couple subway stops from me :(
They should have asked /u/catonegg to design it. It would have looked nicer!
Thanks!
Nobody asked what recycling money is?
My guess is that there's a stand in the box. Because it's transparent, it's not obvious.
That sounds good. PM me your info and I'll get that shipped tomorrow morning. :)
I really like that stay puff. I may get it in February if you still have it then.
Condoms! Oh wait, that's chocolate... Chocolate!!
The list doesn't seem to be working padwan. And Happy Birthday :D
Do I want him or do I want to forget he ever existed?
It says [removed] so you may need to try again. :)
Great... As there's only 1 store in Manhattan, I'm pretty much SoL
That's not even trying! It was either that or Super Shogun! :D
Think about it and I can do trade + Paypal. I'm just waiting for February 1st so I can enter the pop in the new month's budget :)
I actually ordered it from Forbidden Planet UK. Waiting to see if they'll fulfill. :D Good choice buying from /u/sazed I had a great experience with him.
I think someone guessed a dark boba fett in another thread. They're hiding from me now though...
That's a pretty sweet pic. GJ :D
This would have a completely different meaning in /r/relationship_advice
Woohoo! I wish there was a feedback form for people who look around for others.
Oh that u can probably help you. They have tons. You can't order it online?
I reserved one to pick up after work. I will try to ship it tomorrow morning but I can't guarantee it'll be possible before Monday. I'll keep you updated.
Hopefully a bloody Jules or Bloody Vincent. But I don't see many.
$80? Oï vey!
My December boxes came mid January.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine is one of my favorite sitcoms. They have a perfect balance of characters though so I hope he's going to be a recurring guest star and not a full on new character.
http://i.imgur.com/os6eOcc.jpg
363 That's the biggest giveway to date!!
I expected being surprised with exclusives.
Quite a few people posted Chases from Smuggler's Bounty. I wonder if that's going to drive the price down.
THat's if they even bother opening the cases. I've gone to 3 stores showing 6-9 available and, not only they had no idea that they had some in stock but they claimed not doing any toys.
OMG you're the guy who bought the pops at that Duane Reade on Saturday? I was wondering who was crazy enough to go out and get them. On a side note, hide from /u/pewpewbachu, he's looking for ya...
Too late... you found him. lol
Yeah I just checked the tracker and 1 of the stores I hit yesterday doesn't have any anymore...
I just got the whole set. Jesus, Maude and Donny were on clearance at Gemini's and the Dude and Walter on Amazon for pretty cheap.
As easy as typing Star Wars exclusive in the search bar... http://www.walgreens.com/search/results.jsp?Ntt=star+wars+exclusive
They also have Leonard and Holowits in Star trek... I almost want to get them...
Actually the other guys are more expensive than on PPG.
I'd love to have pops of my wife, my kid and me. :)
I think the demographic appeal would be very limited. I personally don't know any internet celebrity and never heard of the peeps you referred to.
http://i.imgur.com/fXCUz27.jpg
I have a Greedo and a GS batman if you're interested. I'd be interested in the B&amp;W Joker. I'd like to do a 1 for 1 trade but I don't see anything else I'd be interested in.
I remember reading a thread where a Singapore site claimed that some retired pops were getting I vaulted. Jar jar was one of them. Lando another. What color are the boxes? And do you have the source?
Do you work in NYC? If so, can you get me a pack and we could meet somewhere next week?
The item ID should be: 555139488. I've been checking for stock on regular basis in http://brickseek.com/walmart-inventory-checker
Taken in MO. I'd also love one at cost + shipping + tip. No Walmart in NYC. That's why I'm asking.
I got one out of 8 as well.
The release date is forecasted for February as far as I can see.
I've been seeing this post on regular basis. Maybe it should be a sticky for a couple weeks ;)
Check /r/DZPD/ and get on their Discord channel. I did that yesterday, found an awesome group within 5 minutes and spent 2 hours farming missions. Best time I've had on the game so far.
I already have 3 of these guys. I think I'm going to pass on his one. Glad they've been putting some Freddys up though.
I'm also wondering if the season pass will be available much longer. I'm really starting to enjoy the game so I guess I should buy it...
&gt; Speaking of which, I strongly recommend that your first PxC purchase be the blueprint for the Extended Magazine. Is that blueprint at the special vendor in BoO?
Unfortunately, that's a bias that has been there for a while. Even if the teen is the one who seems to have approached her, she was the adult in the situation and should have replied something like "wtf? Gross! Go back playing with your Pokemon". At 13, the kid still looks like and is a kid. If he had been 17 on the verge of 18, it would have been a different story (moral-wise, it's still a big no-no by law)
I had never seen the cinematic trailer for the game. That was pretty kickass.
Pretty catchy. I never watched the sound of music so I have no idea what sample people are referring to.
Anyone who removes their jacket in the middle of winter in NYC must be insane... It's damn cold here in February....
In his troubled early years, he was know as Gandalf the Black.
Me, on a rollercoaster...
I heard it protects against what's in the raw sewage the triathletes will swim in.
About 50% I'd say. Then it'll be the same thing as the Coney Island beach. Depending on how much you pay, I'd swim in there.
#notfunny
The worst is when you use recovery link, die, because of the delay and then have the skill on cooldown for 15 minutes...
Funny enough, their Reddit media team wrote a long post yesterday denying any issue with the oven mitt and telling people who got burnt that they were using it improperly. And then went on explaining that the Reddit sub doesn't represent the massive amount of customers they have.
My wife has a holiday party with her friends every year and, last year, all the trivia presents were provided by me/lootcrate.
I was debating recovery link v. tactical link. I liked the fact that I could use recovery link as an emergency heal but it has failed me quite a few times.
Oh! I didn't think of that. Pretty sweet idea.
No worries. You can also check the web interface: https://discordapp.com/channels/168582817566031872/168863731789463553 (it's the PS4 channel but you can switch easily) Not much happening other than people LFG and joining groups.
This is the comment I was looking for... Even after 3 viewings I couldn't wrap my head around the driving part.
79.3... that is not good.
I didn't know Tom Selleck guest starred in C&amp;H!
I'll leave the dairy free hot chocolate but these gluten free waffles look mighty good.
I know ashes are made out of bones...
I'd like all of the above actually :D
The swinging kid is the unsung hero of this story. He did all he could to miss her. And then he stopped immediately, looking very concerned.
I can't imagine August in the Division's NYC. IRL it tends to stink until we get a strong storm but with all the bodies lying around, we may need to recruit the Cleaners to help out.
This trailer feels like I just watched the whole movie and it was terrible.
Uncle Ricky is dead actually and all we're listening to are his last tape in a loop...
Thanks! I'll check mine out tonight. I don't think it goes that high in DPS though.
"You're fired, you are fired, you're fired and you get out of here, you're fired too"
Who's gamgam going to make fun of?
I clicked, thinking it was going from the new movie and then got super excited when I saw who it was. Then I saw it was only sold at Walmart :(
~~Walmart Ghostbusters 3 pack when it comes out.~~ Thanks in advance.
I asked my wife if she can fix the grammar... She's an editor so she should be allowed, right?
I work in an office with 12 other people and I'm the only one bringing my lunch so we never have this issue.
She went the [lazy way](http://imgur.com/rb0e1zo)... I'll express our disappointment when she gets home tonight...
I have the feeling the cleaning crew will have to get the pennies from of the fridge door.
I was thinking something more in the line of [whoever](http://www.grammarbook.com/grammar/whoever.asp) in this case.
Switch Estevez and Costner
Unfortunately, that's how we'd end up with Trump as president.
It would be a pricey statement.
Actually it's [whoever](http://www.grammarbook.com/grammar/whoever.asp). :)
That is a remarkably good guess... If I didn't know that my wife doesn't use Reddit, I'd think you're her. As for the backstory, she told me that someone had put a note on the fridge saying something like "Whoever took my Whole Foods seltzer can owes me $2". Which is why someone responded with that note, and $2 in change.
The pennies are paying back for the $2 the victim of the theft think are owed to them.
I feel like I had this whole discussions on a different comment in this thread, which is why I linked the official grammar rule in my previous comment: http://www.grammarbook.com/grammar/whoever.asp The person referred to is the subject of "wrote the yellow stickie" so "whoever" applies here. If you ~~where~~ were to say "To the person I kissed today", then you could replace "the person" with "whomever" because they're the object of the sentence, and of your affection. Edit: bad typo...
I had to put a typo while correcting someone's grammar... It's Murphy's Law :/ &gt; Who wrote the sticky? He That's exactly it. In this case, the "To" comes after. From the link above: Give it to whoever/whomever asks for it first. He asks for it first. Therefore, whoever is correct.
Great idea. I'll give it a spin tonight.
Now that was unexpected.
Season 2 just ended on Netflix, they're already shooting season 3
Season 2 just ended on Netflix, they're already shooting season 3?
What is this statement based on?
Probably Oscar worthy.
The accent wouldn't work but it would, otherwise be a great choice.
This one made me sad because it's true that, when these kids came back home, they were seen as losers.
That's such a terrible story :/
Yeah I've mostly have had the same experience. Even now, I have to clean our mini fridge on regular basis because it stinks and people don't care. They put their leftovers in there and never eat them.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
In the end humanity is probably winning on this one if that took them out of the gene pool.
Ouch. Grandma is punching low
363
It's definitely crowded in the controller but the touchpad still have some options. It's touch sensitive so you swipe left it opens the channel and you swipe right it closes it.
My birthday is coming up so I'm going to take a look into these. I've been using a crappy one until now.
I/my wife lost my PS4 headset less than a week after I bought the PS4 :/ I've been using my iphone headphones.
Maybe a bigger round then? Like the latest SW one. That would be awesome.
The World's Top Neurosurgeon... In Grey's Anatomy?
Dumb question: Why did my FL and CS reset at 7:34PM last night (Monday night)?
Other than that Green Goblin, there is nothing for me in there so far. :)
It makes perfect sense and I salute your patience with this guy.
Zip-up onesies all day and night!
Rugby is so great... Too bad it's so difficult to watch it in the US.
That's also my experience. Around 13lbs you have to squeeze it a little but it still fits. And it shrinks overtime.
Daddit here. I gained about 8-10lbs during my wife's pregnancy and finally got rid of it, a year and a half after the birth of my kid. :) Make sure you don't snack when she does and make sure you eat well. Except when she's about to give birth and you're at the hospital. then eat as many candy bars as you can. because it'll be the last time you'll be able to eat a full one, without a little guy/gal asking you for a piece of it.
That's the way DCUO works. And to prevent people from kicking repeatidly, there's a 30 minute freeze after you initiate a kick.
After seeing the spoilers, I'm glad I did.
Defense against the Killer Tomatoes.
I took a very similar picture in Alaska last month. I haven't posted it online yet though.
[More girls with sweet roller skating skills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hi4pzKvuEQM).
I'd rather go rouge than go jaune...
Ok I almost cried just reading the spoiler. I actually can't wait to watch it now.
&gt; I could have gotten one more person... and I didn't! And I... I didn't!
Yeah I just listened to Patton Oswald talking about it and he said that the original story was really somber and Jerry Lewis added comedy bits to it...
I think the real facepalm is that it's 88 screenshots...
Looks like their systems are overloaded like it's 2001 all over again.
I'm still not sure why we're killing them. I'm sure the city would look much better if we let them do their job in peace.
More like a free slice of pizza with cashew "cheese" on it!
336
I think we're way past that already. Like the DJ said, we won the genetic lottery. Plus you'd assume that burning the bodies actually gets rid of the pathogens better than letting them rot and liquify during the spring and summer.
That's true. I wouldn't mind the same model as HBO Now. Now what I mind is that, on the smart TV version of the app, if I go to the next episode of OITNB, I'm still getting the opening credits.
&gt; I grew up playing Mario Bros so modern PVP games are too fast for my brain. I am **so** glad I'm not the only one like this!
There's a blizzard every 3 or 4 hours. How come there is not 5 feet of snow on the ground and that everything is not completely covered in snow?
For me it was Quake, original Doom on Mac. I kicked ass. Then came Unreal Tournament 2004 and I understood that PVP and PK games are just not for me, mainly because of slow reflexes and potato aiming. And that was on a computer. On PS4, forget about it. I still hangout in the DZ and avoid rogues as much as I can. I run with DZPD teammates so I know they won't turn on me either. Then, when we get to hunt rogues, I don't get upset if I die and lose XP/gear. Life is much easier when you know you suck at something :D
That's if you're luck enough to get a voucher code. I've purchased tickets from Ticketmaster for years and yet, no voucher.
Let us know if that makes a difference. I should also be eligible for vouchers and haven't received anything.
Actually, now that Bowery Present was bought by LiveNation, there are way fewer venues that are independent.
&gt; and how well the community responds to whatever it may be. Obviously, angrily with pitchforks, tar and feathers.
Just found out that mics don't work in Remote Play, which I use 90% of the time because my wife usually watches TV while I'm playing. It's actually very irritating.
I've been running DZ with the DZPD for a week now and I have to agree with the article. The PVE part is challenging enough and has some good rewards. I'm not interested in PVP so I try avoiding rogues but sometimes we encounter one or a few and I die. That doesn't bother me. I lose most of my loot. That bothers me a little but I'm okay with it. I lose some DZ credits and a key. I couldn't care less. I lose XP that I've been trying to raise for a couple hours. That really pisses me off. I have time to play about 90 minutes per night and slightly more on weekends, losing XP makes me feel like I wasted my time. And when griefers just camp a DZ checkpoint, it really infuriates me. It's not that hard to go to a different check point but still.
#wouldbuy
I've been checking every day. From the feedback I've seen so far, people are generally underwhelmed.
It's not the new item.
I've work CS for over 10 years and the tone of the customer should not matter. I'm actually interested to know if your 12 hour turnaround ticket matches the time frame of OP's 48/72 hour response.
Coming soon Fonzy pop ride jumping a shark pop. #WouldBuy
Same here. "Thanks but no thanks"
Now I want one of these heat guns. Do they work well?
2 brands with a huge catalog of merchandize. That's a smart move.
Dude, if you don't fit in a 3XL shirt, you have bigger problems than fitting in a 3XL shirt.
Scotland is more like the victim of an abusive relationship for years who finally decided to stand up for itself.
I actually hoped you'd finding helpful and think about it instead of complaining that the largest size LC sells doesn't fit you. But to be fair, if trying to fit in a 3XL size and failing didn't make you reflect on your situation, then nothing will. Continue blaming companies for not making your size instead.
2011... That explain why Penn is much heavier.
The drummer was a little soft. That's why he probably jumped in.
Somehow you are confusing UK citizens with Muslims... While it is not mutually exclusive, I don't think all the brits are Muslims and vice versa.
Lactation
Did the pizza come after you finished this salad? You should have taken a picture of it.
The forensic analysis can somewhat show if it was consensual or not. As other already said, she should have gone to the police. If she was forced (which I don't doubt), there will be scratches, bruising and other physical marks.
That could use a NSFL tag. I'm not particularly queasy but this made me shiver.
new HT exclusive Poe Dameron. Thanks in Advance!
It is true that it can happen during consensual sex but there's a difference between a love scratch and a "get the fuck outta me" scratch. We didn't get the whole things so she may have been roofied and didn't fight back, but an internal exam would have helped see if the penetration was forced or not.
My parents would never let me watch the movies because they thought they were dumb. They were awesomely dumb.
The fact that we use this fresh potable water to get rid of our excrements is amazingly sad.
And, somehow, it is a big part in a prosecution case. I think you're underestimating the role of the doctors who would have examined her. They can tell if the victim is someone who "likes it rough" or not.
Our stroller is bare of all these. We have a separate backpack/diaper bag.
What makes them Franklin's style?
Cassoulet of the poor.
I have no problem with vegetable or a good salad. But eating this pizza, in NYC, is sacrilegious! You want a vegetable pizza? How about mushrooms onions and peppers. You heathen! ;)
Jeez that was a long queue! Took me an hour to get through. I'll see yall on Saturday!
The last picture really confuses me... What is it supposed to be?
That's one clean bone! I couldn't figure out what it was.
Was it the new Walgreen or the small Duane Reade next to it.
But I won't watch anything with James Franco in it.
Loved Freaks &amp; Geeks. Haven't been a fans of his since. I don't like him in stoner comedies and really couldn't stand him in Spiderman. And then there's the whole hipster persona which irritates me. I did enjoy him in Spring Breakers though.
I actually avoided this movie... I don't think I could have been able to spend what felt like 127 hours in front of just James Franco.
NSFW and all you had to do is give him/her a half prune on the second day.
Based on the amount of downvotes I received, I think a lot more people would agree with you than with me. :)
