Kibbles. I found her on a construction site where my friends parents were having their house built. We joked that she would have been dog food if we hadn't taken her home.
Griefing isn't a play style
Think about it. When you were playing with Lincoln logs/Lego/etc as a kid, and someone kept running up to you and stomping on your creations, was that considered "playing?" The people griefing in online games are those same kids, who's parents didn't beat them enough.
You don't block caves, others can't get in.
I think you a word
Plus, the spinosaurus looks more like a giant dimetrodon
Yeah, it needs proper arms, not just front legs.
I find it odd that no major store carries Krylon where you live. Check the arts and crafts stores, most have a spray paint section.
Only if you have an unstealthed model to swap in. Now I want to proxy in a giant rock/ruins as a Lictor...
Just starting out painting too. I spent this morning putting models together for a few hours before work. Planning to primer them and cure tomorrow, then just do one layer at a time each day before work. Probably have to set some time aside during the weekend for the detail work.
[BAM!](http://i.imgur.com/26XKF.jpg)
the game is 10 years old, but they completely revamped the engine with Cata. Video card models would help. But at this point, your processor is probably the oldest part and the biggest bottleneck. If you had more current hardware, I would have said your priority should be: 1) GPU 2) CPU/motherboard 3) SSD 4) RAM but in your case, I'd say CPU and RAM first. For WoW, the SSD and RAM are really only going to improve your load times, the other two will improve your graphics.
I've been saying the same thing about the UCS Falcon for the past 9 years :(
everything can be had for a price. i think its about $600 to bricklink a UCS Falcon, while they go new for $1800-$6000. The Executor doesn't have any specialized pieces, so it should be available for less
yeah
Reddit starts the playlist over. Gotta click on the link
Jesus, prices went up again. $500 for 3 on bricklink now. http://alpha.bricklink.com/pages/clone/catalogitem.page?P=47996&amp;idColor=86#T=S&amp;C=86&amp;O={"color":86} edit: luckily this is the only other unique part: http://alpha.bricklink.com/pages/clone/catalogitem.page?P=50990pb03&amp;idColor=86#T=S&amp;C=86&amp;O={"color":86}
I haven't noticed anything, but the only thing I have to compare it to is WH40K, and those models definitely get sliced like butter.
Rumor has it that he taught the bird to swear because his wife wouldn't let him.
gg Godwin
Makeb &gt; Oricon &gt; Rishi/Yavin 4
omfg, i cant stop laughing long enough at your post to even begin to refute it
Mei is bae, Hillary is just a bitch.
Ron Paul
http://duffylondon.com/product/tables/abyss-table/\ Its just layers of shaped wood and shaped glass. The glass is cut to fit around the wood on each layer.
http://www.amazon.com/Cooler-Master-HAF-912-RC-912-KKN1-GP/dp/B003ZM7YTA/
because freedom
who?
This is my first time painting anything. I know I could still use more colors before I go with some ink.
Thanks, I noticed that when doing the weapons. The insides are a pain to paint.
Why not? They did that with the Falcon
Depends on where you live. In the city? On a farm? On/near an oil field?
Its not much different from most other cities I've lived in, just on a slightly smaller scale. It has all the typical stores and restaraunts. The only thing you miss out on is all the major concerts, but theres a few a year.
Unintended consequences...
at least its not a cheap metallic swirl
Can't find a pic right now, but the metallic plastic where you can see the swirls of the colors not mixing properly.
As a collector (of various things), I cringed reading that post...
I'm still subbed, but I only show up when the new chapters launch. Seriously considering unsubbing. My guild has like 3 players and my raid group has disbanded and quit due to no new content. No point playing a game with nothing to strive for. Plus I played for the community and social aspects, and I'm lucky if there's one other person I know online
I don't think I've been in my ship since KOTFE launched
My parents have Hughesnet. 1.25mbps on a good day, and they're paying almost 3 figures a month. Oh, and its a 475mb/day cap, where the pool refills 1mb every 10 minutes (I did some independent testing). So, ironically, you can play MMOs all day long, but 1 youtube video kills your internet for the rest of the day.
Theres scans out on the internet. Its interesting to see some of his earlier art
This is actually the last book I read. I have Kenobi, Mercy Kill, and a bunch of other books on my "to read" shelf, but Apocalypse was really the best way to round it off.
I hate to beat a dead horse, but they could have easily picked the story up post-FotJ. Introduce Jaina and Jag as the new protagonists, or even as background characters. They could introduce the First Order as a splinter cell of the Remnant and take it from there. Maybe a flashback sequence to Jacen and Anakin Solo, and then pick it up where they did with TFA.
Well yeah...but its statistically unlikely.
Well yeah...but its statistically unlikely.
George Washington. To beat the shit out of these people that call themselves politicians.
Yep, he just got friend zoned for life.
With Windows 7 you would have been fine swapping it over and uninstalling the old drivers. With Windows 10, you'll probably need to reactivate the licence.
The Cat Returns
Those of us old enough to remember times before TPM knew that.
We were fucked either way.
Star Wars. I'd be Watto. Literally nothing happens to that guy. Although he's more antagonist than villain.
Vendor trash
Hollywood Undead. God they put on a good show.
Loud, fast music and video games for a few hours
Spying
And, threats from the H campaign to take down that unflattering image in 3...2...
Fuck...
The main thing is to find a distraction to put energy into.
1) ?? 2) 9498 3) ?? possibly from the Mars Mission theme 4) ?? 5) 75014 6) 75039 7) 76017 8) 76007 9) 7345 10) 60057 11) also 76007 12) 75024 13) 70503 14) 75019
its actually from the Battle of Hoth set, since the wampa cave one comes in orange instead of grey
The father should be charged equally for failing to make his kids wear seat belts. Their deaths could have been avoided in multiple ways.
And how is eating plants not murder, since both are living organisms?
On a positive STD test
Virgins
I lost interest when my friends stopped playing. Another friend started a private server but you can only do so much with 2 people.
Dropkick Murphys first show in Alaska.
Her and Feinstein are going to tag team the 2nd Amendment next year. As much as I hate to say it, Trump may be our last line of defense.
Which is dumb. It's like saying we should all ditch cable because the Internet has just as many TV shows. Just because some people chose to do it doesn't mean everyone should be forced to do it.
Not necessarily, just plug your cable into your motherboard video port.
Just brain cells
Neither are fruits and vegetables
&gt;Heading for the US end of July / beginning of august for the first time and for couple of weeks and I was wondering what is the best / tax free place to buy computer components from. &gt;As I understand, Microcenter and Fray's are the best, but what states impose taxes on computer components so I can avoid them? we will be visiting more than one state but did not decide which ones yet Google the sales tax for each state you'll be visiting. I wouldn't suggest planning your trip based on which states have no sales tax. &gt;If I bought from a tax-imposed state will I be able to redeem the tax when I exit the US? (like Euro VAT) ? I don't believe so. US taxes (sales tax) aren't like VAT (value added tax). The VAT wikipedia article explains the difference fairly well. &gt;Also, will I face any troubles in the airport by having those components on me (all new in their original package)? I am planning to put them in a carry on case on the plane (When components bought from Germany there was no issues, but not sure if US is the same case) You'll be limited on carry-on items, so it would be best to put it in your checked luggage unless you don't have anything else to carry on with you.
You're welcome!
/r/Pyongyang
It asks for boot media, so he's getting past POST
Pay for health care. Pay 5-6 figures for a basic education. Carry guns in public. Celebrate a holiday where we basically forced ourselves upon the native population and took over.
What are you, 12?
What scapegoat? We all know that the gun did it. The shooter was just an innocent victim of the evil gun lobby! /s
Call into work. Fuck dealing with the fallout from that. Then I'd barricade myself inside.
Car, and then guns. Then probably knives and hammers. After that, really heavy textbooks.
Thanksgiving
Canada, and most of Europe. Or so they claim.
11/10 either way.
Not my thing
I assume you're a girl?
tau get 3 crisis suits in the Get Started! box, throw in a Commander and you can load him up with Signature Systems and roflstomp shit
I have a Russian coworker who is $20k in credit card debt, works 2 jobs and says he needs all this to live an "international lifestyle", whatever that means. He has a timeshare he never visits, goes to Vegas for all his vacations, and has multiple "get rich quick" schemes that he's been "perfecting" for years. *LITERALLY* living the American dream. Meanwhile, I'm $20k in student loan debt and just past the point where I'm not living paycheck to paycheck anymore.
RIP Mars Polar Lander
They do exist!
Taco Bell is open til 2am or later for a reason!
Should have burst out into Deutschland Uber Alles
Fuck you guys, I'm still not over that Jenner character
Its the same bullets cops use. Their lawyer COULD argue that you were looking to shoot someone so you bought special bullets, but since its used by all the professionals, it wouldn't hold up in in court.
The Authoritarian platform in a nutshell. "We don't think you can handle yourself, so we're going to dress and feed you and tell you how to live your life, for your own safety!"
My girlfriend is almost a better shot than I am. She was watching a horror movie and made the comment "if she had a gun, this movie would have been over in 5 minutes." Her sister, a bleeding heart liberal (she's voting for Hillary of all people), said "No, she'd end up shooting through her house, her neighbors house, and kill a little kid." The disconnect is astounding.
You don't notice it if worn properly. The closest thing I can compare it to is wearing boots all winter, then switching to regular shoes and going "man, my feet feel a lot lighter" Edit: also, I don't carry mine every day. If I'm just going to work (where I can't), or running to the store, I don't bother. But if I'm going to be out running errands or shopping all day I will. And if I'm out at night (usually dinner and a movie with the girlfriend), then I definitely do. After the string of movie theater-related shootings a few years back I started getting serious about it, plus I had a few run-ins in parking lots with sketchy people begging for money, and some of them don't take "no" for an answer right away.
Let me guess, the ones I already have work just fine? You sound like my girlfriend /s
I think that falls under being friendly with strangers
I take it you don't have any political parties fueled by religion?
Pretty common in Europe too (source: was born in Europe, had dick mutilated at a young age).
It used to be that you paid a nominal ($50-$200) fee for a new phone ever 2 years when renewing your phone contract. This practice has largely gone away with the Telcoms shafting people and realizing they could charge full price and we'd still buy a new phone every year (no, I'm not bitter. What makes you think that?). Of course you do have the people who need the latest and greatest gadgets, and will pay $800 for a new phone when they just spent $700 for their last one a year ago.
And some people do that. The telcoms reasoning was that the rest of the phone price is in your bill, so you're still paying for it. Now they're saying that if you pay $25 a month for 2 years it'll cover the cost of the phone, so they're reducing the monthly contract price, but from what I've seen, you're actually paying more a month since they didn't reduce the contract by $25, only $5 or $10.
Pretty much
Bingo!
A lot. Both my brothers still live at home and are gamers.
Gun sales are at an all time high and gun injuries/deaths are almost the lowest they've ever been.
Fair enough.
Lol, I know what you mean.
Not sure if serious or sarcasm.
&gt;those are classically poverty stricken gang territories. That was my point. No one bothers to do anything about it, but let's blame the gun lobby when a guy goes postal.
My girlfriend was like that until her sisters boyfriend moved in with them. She still does it when he's not around.
Those were his words (minus the literally)
&gt;A deranged kid in a country where there are good gun laws will maybe come at school with a kitchen knife and the worst case scenario is that someone gets a bad scratch. I have a Canadian friends who was stabbed with a streak knife multiple times for refusing to share a cigarette. On school grounds. He was lucky the blade missed his spine/CNS. He still ended up being hospitalized for a few weeks.
Because our govt doesn't care when poor black people kill each other.
You got the day off?
Well, I know what we'll see on tomorrows /r/TIL
Mine did it to a dead crow...
step-siblings?
fuckin samsquanch!
DOYOUBELIEVEINATHINGCALLEDLOVE?
I can only speak from my experience, but this is about as close as the aurora borealis looks with the naked eye. http://auroravillage.com/media/uploads/slideshows/home-slider-1.jpg If you have some clouds, it blurs it a little more
Same, its been about 4 months for me...
Front page for this photogenic hero in 3..2...
Where I work, we only deal with actual computer equipment (PCs, printers, etc.). We have an entire maintenance department that works on the general electric equipment (coffee makers, etc). I once got a call about the volume on a TV fluctuating, and another about a paper shredder.
Yeah, I was all for it, but the nipple spikes killed it for me
I thought sanders was giving his leftover campaign money to the Party if he loses?
&gt; Not every American citizen, and not "militias" like the Oathkeepers. http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/militia See #2
As a libertarian, I agree. The Dems are the one party who campaigns for personal freedom and equality and alienates an entire group of people because they shit on the 2nd Amendment because "guns are scary" Imagine if we had a sudden influx in teens being killed by illegal street races. We'd have people all over our asses because "modern cars go too fast!" and they would write all kinds of legislation to dictate how fast cars can go, ban any foreign car from importation that goes faster than 65 mph, and force us to turn over all our "illegal death machines" and make us take the bus/buy a Prius instead.
Gorillas aren't native to the US. I also support the right for squirrel arms.
&gt;Seventeen Articles Approved by the House August 24, 1789 aka, the original formatting of the Bill of Rights &gt;**Fifth Article:** A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the People, being the best security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed, but no one religiously scrupulous of bearing arms, shall be compelled to render military service in person. whats that? "the body of the People" constitutes a militia?
Now you're just making assumptions
Unless you get stopped, frisked, and BAM illegal carry in public.
And 7th circuit appeals said that we have a right to carry guns outside the home. Since California already banned open carry, the 9th effectively contradicts the 7th.
This! Been gone way too long
I built mine a barn
It's just you. I had a map to a cave and still couldn't find it
&gt;so what? if he/others can't put in those hours then he/they should not be on their level. Kind of hard to survive as the new kid on a pvp server.
Official PVE isn't bad
Yeah, I've seen lv 2 wild Argents fuck up level 30 wild sabers. I know tamed stats are different, but I wouldn't go more than 1v1
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4lm5ej/z/d3oecis
I played on one for months, and aside from some issues with pillaring (which was promptly fixed), I've had nothing but good interactions with other players. The worst part was the rubberbanding, but thats an issue on all official servers.
You assume that just because someone CAN do something to harm you means they WILL
Ain't that right!
Cool, I'll just hang tight then
Interesting
Jesus, it just got better the more I scrolled
Stop asking stupid questions
New Canon or old?
Introduced my family to Cards Against Humanity. My mom won more times than any other two players combined, and we played through the whole box. I saw my parents in a whole new light that night.
Holy fuck... Blaming Christians on a guy who was raised as a Muslim? That's a new level of apologist. Christianity isn't isn't the only religion that condems homosexuality.
Nobody said he was devout.
Yes
Short of eradicating entire civilizations, there's not much that can be done.
How many millions has Michael Bloomberg spent on politicians through Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Everytown for Gun Safety?
No. I'm tired of compromising away my rights. Before 1934 anyone could buy machine guns without government approval. Prior to 1968 you could have guns shipped to your house. Before 1986 you could buy newly manufactured machine guns with government approval. Now you can only buy ones already in circulation. Between 1994-2004 "assault weapons" were banned with no impact on gun related crimes. 1986 was the only year gun owners got anything close to a "break", in the fact that traveling with a firearm was made slightly easier by nationalizing a law.
Before being bought out, there was a lot more leniency with content and a lot less cracking down on posting. By admins and mods.
International man of mystery
THAT is how you deal with terrorists. Terror is the only language they understand.
Every Friday afternoon
Eventually...
&gt; But then when you see someone with a gun ~~you automatically know they are a bad guy~~ its too late. FTFY. Dude wasn't strolling down the street for a few hours with his guns out before going on a rampage.
Pandora set to The Cult I also have a sleep sounds app set to campfire + rain
Kind of odd, but ever cough/sneeze so much you almost black out? That fuzzy feeling when your head starts to settle feels so good, but weird and scary at the same time.
Haha!
Dragon Dance, that I've slowly started modifying with missing textures.
polish andesite and diorite
Dragon Dance
Nope, its Dragon Dance. I've slowly been updating the missing blocks myself (see the Spruce door?)
Fair enough. For some background, this pig showed up in my yard one day. The next time I logged in, it was in my house. He just hangs out there now with my wolves.
Identifying cars based in the shape of their lights. According to my grandma, I've been doing it since I was a kid.
Could just as easily been from the Clinton campaign. You know, the ones calling people racists for speaking against Muslims.
How? Muslims are part of a religion, not a race.
I don't see how thats defending them. Are they Jewish by religion or can they trace their ancestry to ancient Judea? Because [Jewish Christians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Christian) are definitely a thing.
You have a good new year too, buddy!
I'm blaming alcohol.
OT
me too
Apparently I deleted the old pictures. Had to retake them http://i.imgur.com/VrsZ8a9.jpg Also turned the 2 console chairs into one swivel chair.
I had blinds up and the shelf next to it, but there was a gap and apparently it was just the right angle for the light to hit the shelf.
My landlord replaced the windows last year and since then I just moved my shelves to the opposite wall.
Cool I'll try that. Worst case, I'll bricklink the damaged parts.
I love the transparent dome ones. I don't see an R4-P17...
They replaced the grey brick separator in 2010
I have 2 grey ones growing up, from bucket sets. I have at least a dozen orange ones from recent sets. I was actually surprised that the new AT-ST didn't come with one.
I'm digging your Sidon Ithano minifig! By far the most underrated background character in TFA
That was one of the thoughts that came to mind.
Yep
they made both versions, ~~76005~~ 75006 came with the full figure
right!? i mean, i get Teedo since its how Rey and BB-8 meet, but still!!
I'm confused about your comment on the shape of the cab. I used to work for a used car dealership, and every time we had cars delivered, it was by a conventional (nose cab) car hauler. As far as the police using them, every police agency I've seen always left the car hauling to the local tow companies.
That Rebel battle pack looks way better than last year's (minus the alien heads)! And I love that we can get the Death Troopers in a battle pack. I guess I'll be picking up two! I hope they put out a Shoretrooper battlepack too, because that Scarif set is a bit much. Also, 42065 looks amazing! I haven't had a lego RC car since 5599!
Gives my wallet time to recover from the binge-buying I did in December...
Well, there are 6 non-canon books about him and they're releasing a canon book in April...
I don't care if this set ends up being $40, I'm still buying it for Thrawn!
I'm just amused that they used Black &amp; Yellow as the song for the trailer...
oops, 75006
Lego is on a sci-fi binge. Thats why ninjago went hi-tech with space pirates and cyborgs and nexo knights have robots.
waiting for my ep 7 Falcon to arrive on Wednesday...
Freaking sweet!
bricklink or ebay
Oh god, I've been here way too long...
Well, he can be added to the list! http://brickset.com/article/19729
is that Harley with the hammer? It could also be Mario &amp; DK
If you're going to build it, buy used. I think I paid $30 for mine.
Falcon does the same unless you build custom legs for it
There is also http://www.bricklink.com/catalogItemIn.asp?P=61190f&amp;in=S
Young enough that I can't remember. I have sets that are 2 years younger than I am, so somewhere between 2 and 4.
i actually like the older look of the T-65
how much weight does that support?
I was troubleshooting some equipment with a Siemens tech, and he got a text from his coworker. It was a picture of a gun stuck to an MRI machine.
That's what I'm using for my longer plates right now, stored in plastic boxes.
That may work
I still have it for pc and n64
Not bad. My Walmart had the bottom one on clearance for $50 back in the day, I almost got 2...
It's not bad, but I was hoping for something that held two rows. Just personal preference
Ever since I saw School House Rock's "I'm Just a Bill"
The shirt is perfect!
Never!
Please let it be so! I was in high school when it released and it was retired by the time I wasn't broke anymore. Besides, they've re-released the X-Wing,Death Star, and Snowspeeder (if rumors are to be believed). Plus we have 2 more Sequel Trilogy movies and a Han Solo movie to look forward to!
For a second I thought the book said Thrawn and was going to ask how you already got a copy.
You and me both!
I can't wait for this set!
Nice. I just pieced one back together that a friend gave me. Be careful, the front half of the top likes to slide off
What scale are you looking at? VW Bus size is going to be easier to detail than minifig scale or 4-6 studd frame width Also, why a Levin instead of a Sprinter? :P
So many possibilities! I love new bricks.
I'm probably going to get the red and white ones, since those seem to be very space-y colors.
They're not real Lego. Also, that photoshop is terrible.
Complete with head/neck items. Accessories thrown in a separate bin, sorted by type (melee/bow/gun/shield/tools/cups/etc)
You can get them from aliexpress or any of those Chinese import sites
that blue actually looks really good!
into the parts bin! Until I get that sorted too
These small sets had low part counts, so I'm sure younger kids had them too.
[Look what I can do!](http://i.imgur.com/vP8PjBp.jpg)
I wish the legs had more articulation
It's a Torrent
It's from a different set.
Smarch
Kind of hard to have the test firing of a secret weapon without the head of the project around.
No contest is as close to admission of guilt as you can get without pleading guilty, while basically saying that you won't fight the charges they're going to bring about when they decide you're guilty.
Depends on how good of a lawyer you paid for.
New, CMF series, with a pirate? Could also be Assassin's Creed CMF series
Hats not big enough
Then my original theory stands. CMF 17
My only complaint is that it's too round
It's simple, you need to track down 7166!
It's hard to describe it, but the main body isn't perfectly circular, although a lot of people draw it that way. It's more like two halves with a space in the middle. Yours looks like the outside curve just continues all the way around in a perfect circle. This is the best depiction I could find of the shape. http://www.the-blueprints.com/blueprints-depot/sciencefiction/star-wars-rebel/millennium-falcon.GIF
That's how the last two Millennium Falcons are put together, and I haven't seen a clip wear out yet.
Looks like the stern
I did this too! There's a pin at the top of each leg that needs to be pushed in to keep the head from flipping forward. Edit: steps 41 and 63 in the manual.
[*Looks at collection*](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/nsr.gif)
out of those three, only the AT-ST was a must-have for me
I got this one today (along with 6 others) and I love that it has Bruce Wayne's face underneath instead of the Batman mask.
I'm thinking of doing something like this, and then just using 1x2 plates as spacers for different foot gear http://i.imgur.com/N5GVLPl.jpg
Watch Amazon and other places for deals. I got mine for $120 (USD) last week.
It's $150 new here
I thought it was for the machine to differentiate between front and back
Less cool? This may be my favorite yet.
Nailed it! I think sometimes we forget that in a world of collecting and displaying sets and creating hyper realistic models, at its heart, imagination is what Lego is all about.
Shop shelves, until I finally own my own place and can put shelves everywhere!
regular vader is on the back side. damaged anakin, they probably didnt want to make you think its the actual figure from the set
http://brickset.com/sets/containing-part-6170384
More Adventurers or Res-Q/Xtreme Team!
Or any set with base plates
My Fred Meyer had 8 boxes.
Yesterday I learned this movie and Dirty Rotten Scoundrels we're both directed by Frank Oz
No offense to Tom Kane, but Frank Oz IS Yoda
Cool, thanks!
2901
I'm getting a Kelly's Heroes vibe
As soon as they enter the car they're trespassing. If they try to move the car, that's theft. Don't get in the car and you haven't committed a crime.
I just noticed they use cheese wedges on the older sets, that's a little disappointing.
Arm length (from the main body) is 2 studs shorter on each side
They are not
Two of part 3048 on top of four 3685?
Yeah, also FIRST is a robotics organization
Depends on the situation
Where is it on sale?
Google is your friend
I wonder if it's a misprint. I have the original Dack figure and he doesn't have stripes across his flight suit like Luke does. I have never been able to find another one like it.
Gallon ziploc bags for the smaller ones, sorted by theme. Larger ones I just stack up. They all live in a box for now.
The stand and the Hammerhead are both amazing!
So, I was partially wrong. Visors fit, but they don't swing down to cover the built in visor
Ferrari's answer to the Panamera?
Even back then they couldn't figure them out!
I built this a few years ago out of 3 sets to expand it and make it closer to scale. I based it off [this image.](http://www.brickwars-sets.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/FCC.jpg) Also included is my Phase 1 Clone Commando with Arealight Customs helmet and backpack.
you forgot the important part: ALL THE COSMIC POWERS OF THE UNIVERSE!
Those were third party accessories by HORI
Its legit, but sold out. I preordered the black joy-con one and its sold out now too
It depends on where you live. Mine says it will arrive between the 8th and 14th. Had the same issue with my Pokemon Sun preorder. If you call and complain, sometimes they'll upgrade you to next-day shipping.
The grip in the bundle does not have a charging port. The $30 grip that you have to purchase separately DOES have a charging port. Each Joy-Con also has its own charging port, or you can dock them to charge them.
theyre talking about the wii U pro controller
From the graphics it didn't look like it.
Bananas
we don't know yet
All of the descriptions (on the NA and JP site) say that the charging grip charges, unlike the bundled one.
http://press-start.com.au/news/nintendo/2017/01/14/switch-joy-con-grip-included-box-different-joy-con-charging-grip/
so...just like the 3ds?
I'm just waiting for Amazon to list them
voice input doesnt mean voice chat. we could get a Hey You, Pikachu! remake for all we know.
Another vote for Anker
because i'm already paying for internet. the 3DS and Wii don't require it, why should the Switch? I guess ill just keep buying my multiplayer games for PC...
This is my first new home console since the PS2. Its the only console I've been excited about in a long time.
[I got you, fam!](http://i.imgur.com/ajYPKL3.png)
No, i paid for the game, just like i paid for netflix. why should i pay a fee on top of paying for the game? particularly a game that isn't 100% online (ie, MMOs)
yeah, the neon joy-con bundle was already sold out by the time i woke up this morning :(
neon was sold out on amazon by the time i woke up
because im paying for the full game, im not paying $60 to play part of a game
they didnt preview download and play, so im guessing everyone needs a copy
people already posted that they got emails from amazon saying the delivery date was corrected to the 3rd
US, although it looks really similar to Skyrim
i would think the 32gb included HDD space would be proof enough. thats only enough room for 2-3 games
$70 gets you 40 hours of wireless battery life, vs a $30 wired one. I'm waiting for PDP or HORI to come out with third party joy-cons for half the price of the Nintendo ones.
How much were the Wiimote and Nunchuk at launch? I want to say $60-70 for a pair.
When was the last time Nintendo had a quality Pokemon game for console? Gamecube, thats when...
Thats pretty cool. For those confused, the rep says the delay in the first docking was because the TV had a short standby time and shut off the HDMI signal after the Switch was undocked for a while. Something to keep in mind for the future.
The detail is there, but I feel like the graphics have been toned down for the Nintendo Switch (can we just use the NX shorthand?) compared to the PC SE version.
Battletoads!
they said 6.3" i think. my phone is 5.2", the Note 6 is 5.9"
I only know Hori because they do the themed turbo button battle pad controllers for the Wii/Wii U. PDP seems to do all the non-turbo button themed controllers.
My dark ages started after the Falcon came out. My first UCS was the Executor (yeah, I dove right in!) and now I have the new X-Wing and Slave I. Really looking forward to this Snowspeeder
also, there is this (no top charging port) http://i.imgur.com/wU1VJ3E.jpg
no one has stock right now. they havent shipped yet.
My 280X is still more than plenty for most games.
I'm crossing my fingers for Dimensions for the Switch...
Depends on the dimensions of the cord, but I get what you mean.
US Amazon was sold out by 2pm Eastern today.
I watched some older videos and they said they weren't going to demo dungeons, just shrines, but they do exist
75139 - even though i got it for $30, I felt that it was way overpriced for a $60 set and the built was really boring. I felt they could have fluffed it up a little more to make it look a little nicer.
I just picked up the Deluxe edition yesterday (have the originals for PS2 and Saga for PC). Long story short, it blows the old games out of the water. Yes, its voiced, but most of the lines are directly from the movies (it starts with Endor), with some newly recorded lines thrown in. Its also kind of free roam, so you're not stuck in the Cantina between missions like the original ones.
&gt; you can't play as Snoke or old Luke. I made an Old Luke custom fig out of Old Ben (body), Lor San Tekka (head), and Old Han's hair.
Looks more like Magnus Walker to me, just needs a baseball cap
I have a Wii, but its become a dedicated emulator box
I can't wait for this one. It'll be my first Technic set in years and my first RC since 5600
42065
$30 but it's wired.
I think the last successful petition that got a serious reply was for the US to fund the Death Star
I'm almost hoping gen 8 is on switch, but I do love my 3DS.
Why? You can get 128gb micro SDXC cards for under $40
HORI revealed an ethernet adapter.
Video games have cost that much since back in the day. N64 and PS2 games were $40-50, PS3 games were $60
Not a Pro controller in sight...
I assumed it sold out already
Or they just don't have enough product to be ready at launch
Probably just based on a gyroscope
Every menu has shown at least one icon (Mario).
It doesn't.
Menus and web surfing probably
So...the Fixed?
I started buying 128gb cards and flash drives last year when I saw how cheap they got. Unfortunately one of them fell off a key ring. But I have to say there's this indescribable feeling the first time you swap out the SD card in your phone with a 128gb card. I'll definitely be ordering one for the Switch.
Get new friends
Forgot about that one. My friend and I started a new play through of Legends a few weeks ago, and it may be the nostalgia talking, but I felt like its held up pretty well.
I think this summer
I'm mainly in it for the battery life
I've only seen them in the UK so far
People can't take criticism, even if it's in jest.
If they keep up the current cycle, we'll get a new gen/sequel next fall or the fall after.
It's not
My first game after moving to the US at the age of 5 was Paperboy on my uncles NES. Years later the first handheld game I played was Star Wars on Gameboy. Shortly after we got our first PC (1997) and an N64 a year later. That was the start of my gaming addiction.
Try to pre-order locally
Remove yourself
My comments from another thread on Pokemon: its generally been 2 or 3 years between generations, with remakes coming out a year after the last new game for that generation. starting with the DS: Diamond/Pearl: 2006 (JP)/2007 (US) Platinum: 2008 (JP)/2009 (US) - the last time we saw a third game in a series. HG/SS: 2009 (JP)/2010 (US) BW: 2010 (JP)/2011 (US) BW2: 2012 - the last time the games had separate release dates for each localization. 3DS: XY: 2013 - We found out that they have 2 teams working on games, to speed up release times, at least since BW2. OR/AS: 2014 Sun/Moon: 2016 Considering that PokeBank hasn't even been updated for Gen 7 yet, I'm going to assume that we're nowhere near ready for Gen 8. Also, they don't go to a new console until a new generation. Here are my predictions: Fall 2017 or 2018: Gen 7 remake for 3DS, or no new game for 3DS then Fall 2018 (if no new game for 3DS in 2017)/2019 (if remake in 2017/2018): Gen 8 for Switch with introduction of PokeBank for Switch. PokeBank for 3DS becomes the new PokeTransporter to migrate from 3DS to Switch
I figured while we were making demands, why not?
The PDP ones in the kits are flat.
I will play here, I will play there, I will play everywhere. I will play it in a box, I will play it with a fox.
Quick, blow up your pc, it's the only way!
No, this is like you publishing a book, someone fixes your typos and giving it away for free, and then you taking the corrected copy, making more changes, and selling it as a newer version of the book. It's still your book, and the other person had no right to modify your intellectual property.
Z+A for attacks in TP because I'm lazy
February 30th at 11:61pm, GMT
Wish we could sort by release date
Since the game saves are written to the NAND storage, there's no point in physical games if you have a large enough memory card, unless you own dozens of games (128gb will support roughly 8-10 games). That being said, I will always buy physical copies because I like having the boxes.
True. Like I said, it's not a major issue, just inconvenient for some people. Also, it's hard to find other local people that still play pokemon when you're almost 30...
It can be bad, but the pros outweigh the cons.
It wouldn't be Nintendo, it would be EA.
I think you just blew some minds.
My theory is that if Pokémon moves from the 3DS, it won't be until 2018 at the earliest.
Eurogamer is the source for the rumors, all other news posts just reference their article on it.
I got sad when I ran out of undiscovered markers on my compass
I miss individual armor slots.
Why would they make you download the game if you bought a physical copy?
I only have one frayed brown cape, and I have almost a dozen Qui-gons
I think I only have one pair, and I got them from a friend.
No, I have a PC if I want cutting edge graphics
He was comparing the price of Switch games to PS4/XB1 games. In what universe are Switch games going to be cheaper than other current gen consoles?
If you search by highest rated it should show up
Get a kitchen timer. Set the minutes, hit it to start/stop and they usually have a reset button. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00GOPICNM/
Page 9 step 5. Increases support for the base.
/r/liberalgunowners there are dozens of you!
I haven't had a screen protector on a smartphone since 2011. All my phone screens have remained flawless.
For me, specifically anything that happened pre-episode 1
Nope, no kids. Just an adult who doesn't abuse his electronics
"It's not a schooner, it's a sailboat!"
The vetting process is broken to begin with, it needs a major overhaul
The organizations that DHS took over existed (in most cases) long before 9/11. Shut down the TSA, move the air marshals back under the FAA, etc.
&gt;I've lost managed to get myself unfriended and/or blocked on Facebook by multiple people who have no problems posting their pro-Trump, and anti-Obama and anti-liberal political bullshit but consider my doing so an affront on their livelihood. As someone who can't vote in this country and despised Hillary as a human being, I've lost so many "tolerant" liberal friends on Facebook simply for not agreeing with them. I got blocked by someone I considered a friend once simply for posting a "we can all still get along" comment after the election.
I know of a professional shooter who flies all around the country and got stopped by TSA because they found a single bullet in his carry-on. Mistakes happen. Also, most of the people who "forget" they have a gun are carrying them in bags that they use to transport them throughout the day, and that bag was repacked for travel. A good portion of it is women who forgot to take it out of their purse before leaving the house.
Right, but we're talking about trying to do background checks on people in third world countries where the only way to verify relationships between them and possible known criminals is word of mouth.
I love how you're still upset about this.
Its one of the variations of the Build Fighters EZ-8 Kai
I just picked up the Titan's one on Amazon because it was under $20!
The RG Titan's is on sale on Amazon right now, fyi. I just picked one up.
Its the only place I can get them locally. They ask at least MSRP though.
Its definitely an epic game. My friend does a lot of warhammer models and so far he's only done the lion, the antelope and the butcher.
You severely underestimated the military's hate for Hillary. As many "Never Trump" people as they had during the primaries, there are a lot more "Never Hillary" military voters out there.
I'm not a Republican, but I hang around with a lot of them and come from a military community. The devotion isn't quite there, its mostly the fringe elements. Most Republicans fall into 3 categories: 1) The election is over, we won. Time to ignore politics for the next 4 years. 2) Trump is the savior of the Republican party! - This group is the vocal minority, and its hard to determine which comments are made out of jest and which ones are actual admiration. 3) Trump has the potential to make meaningful change, and I'm watching his administration, hoping for the best. - This is where most of my intellectual conservative friends fall into. Of course they tend to ignore some of the things he does because either they agree, or they don't weigh it as important vs. the other things he's done. As the ghost of Obi-Wan said, "What I told you was true, from a certain point of view." This applies to both sides. While liberals see a Great Wall of America and #MuslimBan, conservatives see increased border and immigration security, particularly from countries that have the potential to take advantage of the US.
It does if the numbers are going backwards
Interesting. Thanks!
I found it locally, I guess this means I should pick it up?
Also A-Wing (TRU)
Wow, full leg prints on a Juniors set. You don't see that too often
Put a $50+ lego set in your cart and it will tell you what you get for free.
Thanks I couldn't find anything exact in the video
130k isn't bad. Im about to hit 111k in my '04. They should have plenty of life left. It might be a good idea to take it to the dealership and have them do a complete inspection. I got mine at 88k and I don't think it had any maintenance done to it other than oil changes.
Can you even hoon in a Versa? My girlfriend's barely gets up to speed ...
Do a barrel roll!
Nice job using this corner pieces
http://www.eurobricks.com/forum/index.php?/forums/topic/53343-arf-trooper-mis-print/
I bought it just because I had to have the Thrawn minifig. The rest of the set is OK.
I'm primarily a PC gamer and leave my consoles to RPG and offline multi-player racing. I bought my DS and 3DS solely for Pokémon. The only games I own on Switch are BotW, Lego City Undercover and Fast RMX. Right now I'm waiting for more major titles.
3 only applies to certain cities. If you remove the top 3, the US actually falls in line with the rest of the world
It's common in the middle east, and gaining traction here
Same
The black sheet is actually the cover for my couch, which we completely forgot to put on after it went into the trailer.
In the end it looked like a 4ft long body bag...
I managed to plastic wrap most of my sets. The ones that were able to be disassembled into sections got their parts put in 1 gallon bags.
Batwing next?
Ah. Is there anything special? I thought they were just regular heads on storm trooper bodies.
Everything I'm reading says that if it doesn't reset when you turn the ignition off, it has to be reset by a shop.
Unfortunately you were correct. Luckily they'll have a new one in tomorrow.
This. Half of our HotAC nights were spent trying to find the templates...
Yeah I got cocky because the drive up I had a 5x8 trailer and the truck didn't even feel it. This 6x12 is a completely different animal.
My parents let me stay at home as long as I had a job and was in school. After 2 years of college I needed a change and moved in with friends in another state. That lasted a year, then I was on my own. After college I was stuck in a job making $8 an hour and couldn't pay my bills/loans. I moved back in with my parents after two years, and shortly after finding a livable wage, they kicked me out.
Peace is a lie, there is only passion. Through passion I gain strength. Through strength I gain power. Through power I gain victory. Through victory my chains are broken. The Force shall free me.
You forgot about Gasolina... But some of you kids may be too young for that song.
Remember how Stadium did attacks? Toggle menus ftw! Actually, Pokemon colosseum had a decent menu too.
I have an original 3ds and the load times for Sun and Moon are insane. Definitely time for a hardware upgrade.
I still buy them for the version exclusives
My dock is in my travel bag (been in a hotel for 5 days), and this would take up so much less space.
Shit, I had that rocket as a kid, and Vaders TIE!
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon Switch is also an RPG possibility.
I'm just going to get a mod that adds the armor to the pc version. I have 500 hours into Skyrim, and was able to move my save files from the original to the Remastered edition. No way I'm going to start over on another console.
2 characters because I lost my original save file for a while. That one has at least 300 hours.
I'm OK with that. 7 was amazing.
Moving back home after college and picking up my entire childhood collection when I moved out again.
That's a steal, I think I paid $30 for mine a, few years back
This. I know a kid who's a prison guard, comes from a family of cops, and he acts like his life is on the line as soon as he walks out the door in the morning. Any type of rational conversation gets you labeled as a cop hater, because obviously his life is more important than ours.
My girlfriend's mom was watching the outcome of the election and I thought she was going to have one of those liberal meltdowns we saw during the election. This is a 60 year old woman losing her shit because someone of the opposite party won a congressional seat in a different state.
It did, just from the other side. I'm a libertarian from a hard core Republican family, and every legitimate complaint against Obama was just swept under the rug by my liberal friends. He was a bigger warhawk than Bush, but he got a pass because Obamacare and what he did for gay marriage.
Sure, let's start more foreign wars and keep bleeding welfare money to foreign nations. It's worked out so well so far.
My point exactly.
I prefer the term convict babysitter.
How much extra did you have to pay (since it's retired)?
That's really not bad.
Needs a gold spear/arrow brick.
Because we have /r/MFZ
Thanks. Canceling my plans to go tomorrow.
I thought the $40 Scarif set was a steal...
Clearer pictures would help
I'm waiting on double points to buy mine.
Because it's different for each game.
I'm hoping for something between Colosseum and BotW
Right? That's about 6 months for me.
Licensing fees. Nintendo would charge an arm and leg.
Also 4025 and 775
Wow, I didn't realize that the sandtrooper from the cantina had different print.
How is the 1x4 section over the window held up?
The issue we saw in my old group was that at low PS (between 4 and 6), the A-Wing offers little to no advantage over an upgrade X-Wing. It was too fragile (no Astromech slot) and wasn't able to put out consistent damage without having to be at range 1 of everything.
I found that with Predator, if you're rerolling 2 dice, it's often not worth TL. If you play HotAC, you will almost always want to Focus instead of TL with Predator against PS2 or lower.
Because the country IS its people.
Just in time for the holiday season.
I like my pro for couch play, but I find myself just grabbing the joycons since they're already attached most of the time.
What did you use for the front to attach the antenna?
I see now. The grey looks like two different colors
Why? Let each country come up with their own rules. I hate this "everyone should play by the same rules" mentality.
Heh, Brickston
I've found some old sets (Ultron and Chima) at Barnes and Noble and Toys R Us lately
I was there about 5 years ago and it was pretty disappointing compared to Legoland Germany. It's sad to hear they haven't updated much since then.
I wanted to argue against you but then I realized I paid $25 for a lego watch just for the Boba fig...
Yellow helmet goes on the yellow body below it, it should have a black head
Is that the Stormtrooper of the year behind Tarkin?
Grey/bley. So much Star Wars.
I just got screwed too. My debit card got hacked so I had to cancel it and I won't have a new one in time.
&gt;FN-2187 the human
Thrawn is so good. I haven't bought Ahsoka yet.
The circles are the worst
They're so green they're blue!
Any shop keeper
Still has the anime eyes...
LCU was a terrible port of a 3 year old game. Like others said, even the PC version had issues. Lego games since then have been solid.
Based on the original toys. My God, it's like Transformers all over again!
I had a few crashing issues with TFA on PC, but not nearly as bad as the bugs in LCU on Switch.
A few? Lucky.
It's from 5986 and possibly similar sets Edit: https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=2454px6&amp;idColor=9#T=C&amp;C=9
Yellow Submarine thingy
It's no different than the official ones
I think his point is, why fly a T-65 when a T-70 is superior in every way?
Ah. In that case, highlight the edge in a bright color?
Define sets?
This would work beautifully for HotAC!
Because Anakin
