Bruce Garrioch is the source, so take it with a grain of salt
Mod note: Reddit doesn't let us sticky actual links, only .self posts.
Ironic that it was Draisaitl robbing Appleby.
One day my 'read' pile will be larger than my 'to-read' pile. One day.
**Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy** - 20% done so far, very entertaining. This guy is a great writer for a sociologist.
Dorkside has offered to merge subreddits, but we keep this one open because it's a free-for-all. No bans, no restrictions on content. It's a useful alternative for those who find value in that.
No, it shouldn't happen.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Chris Pronger should have won the Conn Smythe in both 2006 and 2007.
Playing with Fire, by Theoren Fleury. Hockey player who was molested by his coach as a junior, went on to become an all-star, won the Stanley Cup, and then got mixed up with coke and strippers and wound up in rehab.
Russian scrabble must be a fucking nightmare
...anyone?
&gt; You can't let guys get away with infractions because you're trying to even up the calls 100% agree. Game management is ridiculous. I don't care if they let calls go, as long as they call it evenly both ways. &gt; or just decide to put your whistle away for a game and "let them play". That's when guys take matters into their own hands. Disagree. When the refs tend to "let them play" is usually times like playoff overtime, when nobody is stupid enough to do something like "take matters into their own hands", because nobody wants to be the guy who took an overtime penalty in a playoff game. &gt; There's nothing about hockey as a game that means people somehow get inherently more emotional and unable to control themselves. I think there is. It's a small playing surface, it's completely enclosed with no escape for the players or for the momentum, the game is played at tremendous speeds, the energy expended is more than any other team sport, collisions are unavoidable, play is generally continuous and can build into a crescendo as opposed to the NFL or MLB where it's done in segments, every second of every game is a constant puck battle which means there are countless instances of direct competition/conflict, etc. The NHL is a perfect storm for rising testosterone to require an outlet. &gt; Fights in hockey are significantly more dangerous than other sports exactly because of the poor footing and ice surface. I guess I'd have to disagree with you based on my belief that the more dangerous part of the fight tends to be the actual fight rather than the surface they're standing on.
Miller gets the start next year, if he fails then Lack is the #1 and we have an expensive backup. If Lack is traded, replace Lack with Markstrom. There's no controversy.
I think the real problem starts with L and rhymes with Puka Sbisa.
&gt; Hasek meanwhile (around the same age) lost his starting job to a late 30's Chris Osgoode. Hasek was 43 when this happened, and he's a goalie who relies on raw athleticism. &gt; Also there was less talent in the NHL during the Buffalo Sabres years, for example that Dallas Stars team they lost to wasn't incredibly stacked or anything. What? Yes it was... that was a powerhouse team. Did you watch hockey back then? &gt; I think when comparing the two's accomplishments when talking about the Stanley Cup Brodeur is more accomplished. You're alone there. Hasek did way more with way less. The 1998 and 1999 Sabres teams would have been lottery teams without the Dominator. At his peak he was the best goalie in history. Brodeur was an above average netminder with a great secondary skill.
You can't teach vision.
&gt; And I'll take back stopping 3 Stanley Cups over 1 any day of the week. Corey Crawford over Ed Belfour then? &gt; Brodeur beat Detroit/Dallas and took Colorado to 7. Lemaire beat Detroit, team defense beat Dallas. If Buffalo took Dallas to seven, Hasek would have won the Smythe. &gt; Brodeur simply has a resume that can't be matched. I guess the only thing we're really disagreeing on is the importance of a resume without context.
didn't Elysian just get purchased by a huge beer company?
I get the feeling we'll be re-using this a lot.
NBC Sports cites Bar Down citing /r/hockey. It's weird.
There are still teams that are way under the cap, therefore there's more room for money to be made.
Yep, Seabrook is the classic #2, like Kevin Lowe or Adam Foote
To be fair, these days Shore would be in jail before he made it out of junior hockey.
Yup, Don Cherry's first autobiography goes into it a bit.
Fetisov
Pillage the Norwegian league to get Mathis Olimb on defense
Birdwatchers
I predict you will build exactly one paratrooper unit in this game.
Hollywood accounting 102
I removed yours, you had it starting 57 seconds in
I foresee Finnish beer commercials in Teuvo's future.
Guessing more teams are calling on Lehner because they assume he's the one Ottawa is trying to trade.
Swedish Twins needs to be #1
Glenn Hall gets credit for it, but you're right, Roy made it popular
Noel Picard. Happens all the time. Tripping isn't that bad.
You want me to stop posting hockey news that I find?
You're wrong about me having an agenda. My only goal here is to post as much news as I can to /r/hockey. That's what I've been doing for five years. Get over yourself. If you want different news posted, do it yourself. If you want to debunk bad news, do it in the comments.
&gt; You won't need to assume it is because I know you already believe that we will re-locate and it is what you want. What the hell? You don't know shit. Bettman has made it clear he wants hockey in Arizona and he is a guy who gets what he wants. &gt; Like I said before, I would like if you were to post some positive stuff about us If the Coyotes megathread in the HF Business section had positive stuff I'd post it. **For the last time, I don't discriminate between good and bad news. I just post everything. I want /r/hockey to be the gateway for hockey news on the internet. I do what I can to make that happen. If you think I have any other agenda, you're being paranoid.**
&gt; Well "I just post everything" is a lie. If you in fact did post "everything" it would be literally everything. I post hockey news I find on HF, Twitter and EliteProspects. I don't discriminate. &gt; Also the lines you used earlier of "You're not special and neither is your team" and "You're not entitled to good news" just show how much of a dbag you are. I'm just annoyed because every time I post something about the Coyotes, every insecure Coyotes fan thinks I'm out to make them feel bad. &gt; You don't see me commenting shit about the Canucks and how they aren't important. You should, it's pretty easy. The Canucks fuck up a lot. And I said 'special', not 'important'. I thought you were advocating for accuracy.
&gt; When 95% of this sub hates you, and you are so outnumbered in the comments, it is nice to be able to not see a negative article about us because we know before that popped up, everyone's hate for us was kinda subsided and we could come together in piece and enjoy hockey. As soon as something like that gets posted though, it just goes all down hill from there. Nobody hates Coyotes fans. You only get comments from the outspoken vocal minority of assholes. And lately I've noticed that "lol just move already" comments get massively downvoted, so... mission accomplished. &gt; I want them to have every correct article. Again, my point this entire time. My understanding is that there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the Coyotes, even to the experts. Lots of creative accounting and weird out clauses that even the most attentive hockey fans don't fully get. I'm not positive that we can definitively say what's correct with regards to the Coyotes. I will say two things for sure, though. Bettman will not let the Coyotes relocate, so as long as he's in charge they are safe. And the team remaining in the Phoenix TV market is beneficial for the league. Hockey purists want a team in Quebec City and they don't care where they get it from. People who understand the big picture business side of the game would prefer the team stay in Arizona. I just wish they never moved out to Glendale.
BUILD
Also, TIL that Martin Rucinsky hasn't retired yet.
You might not have won the Cup in 1993 if you didn't trade him. Butterfly effect!
The Wirtz family does not have a history of being accommodating to expansion teams.
Probably just hockey purists who want to stick with time honoured traditions such as the shootout
Canucks were supposed to get one of these expansion slots but Wirtz/Norris co-owned a decrepit arena in St. Louis that they wanted to sell, so they used their Board of Governor powers and gave the 6th expansion slot to St. Louis... even though nobody had submitted a bid.
Guns, Germs and Steel / Collapse, two books by Jared Diamond. First one goes into why the successful civilizations on Earth were successful. Second one goes into why civilizations collapse.
It would be a huge mistake to trade him. He wouldn't waive his ntc anyway.
He'll put up a point per game until January, helping cement a playoff spot for the Flames, and then he'll get hit with his head down by Ryan Suter while skating through center ice with the puck, beginning a long career of concussion/recovery cycle.
Shaone Morrissonn. THAT'S NOT HOW YOU SPELL THAT. FUCK THAT GUY. FUCK HIS PARENTS.
He has a permanent look on his face like he's about to invite you to an orgy in a German night club.
1996 Red Wings, 1984 Islanders, 1983 Oilers, 1976 Flyers, 2011 Canucks, 2007 Sabres
It's either this or Instagram photos of Shawn Matthias at the beach with his girlfriend
Situations that were handled better than Jonathan Drouin's icetime during the current playoff run
The '96 team had Yzerman and Fedorov in their primes, as well as Fetisov, Konstantinov, Larionov, Primeau, Coffey, Ciccarelli, etc. Way more stacked. By 2006, a lot of the core was pretty old, and Datsyuk/Zetterberg weren't world beaters quite yet. I think Datsyuk was still considered a playoff choker at that point. I really don't think it's close.
I would laugh but I'm too busy crying
They were actually better with Shanahan and Murphy, but those are still some impressive players to have as spare parts
Articles about goalie controversies in Vancouver
METRE
What a dumb comment.
I don't keep many old books. Kind of a minimalist. Outside of my rare/expensive hockey history books that are out of print, 95% of my physical collection is books that I haven't read yet.
It is done
My job is professional drunk dialer
I love you too but I think we should just stay friends
I see why Patrick Sharp married you!
I stand by my mistake
Are you trying to steal my job?
Yes it pisses me off that people are so confident in their ignorance People like you elected George W. Bush
**Thinking, Fast and Slow, by Daniel Kahneman** Just finished **Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy, by Sudhir Venkatesh** - he's a talented writer and a good sociologist but this book doesn't really go anywhere. The story just flames out after a while and he attempts to find meaning in it but it just falls flat. Still worth reading.
&gt; Never seen a colon used like that. That's what she said
It's definitely a slow reader. Thick with information, not much filler. Maybe a little repetitive.
Still waiting on that cheque from Central City.
Ok, thanks for corroborating my suspicion. For a second there I thought I'd been watching too much House of Cards.
&gt; NHL commissioner Gary Bettman refuted reports Thursday that an announcement was imminent on the sale and relocation of the Atlanta Thrashers to Winnipeg. &gt; "So people just make this stuff up, right?" said Bettman, who was attending Game 7 of the Western Conference semifinals between the Detroit Red Wings and San Jose Sharks. "Where's the accountability from all the people who a month ago were saying that Phoenix was definitely going? Whatever is being written [about Atlanta] is being made up." - May 2011
How do you come up with those odds?
&gt; Given how much money they've sunk into the Coyotes, why stop now? http://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/how-the-sunk-cost-fallacy-makes-you-act-stupid.html
I wouldn't have pegged MacKinnon to be near the bottom of that group in acceleration
Obviously we need ridiculous titles
I think /u/LAKingsDave has a list, but I'm not sure if that's the one it is. My brain isn't working right now.
They don't get paid in the playoffs
Reloads? Laaame
He has definitely mentioned before that conference alignment isn't much of a consideration with regards to expansion.
&gt; What are the Coyotes supposed to do? I suppose I'm being naive by wishing they would just leave it be and move the team to Phoenix.
&gt; People who think it's great need to travel more. To cities like Paris and London who have been developing their transit system for a hundred years?
Admins are getting heavy with banning subreddits and shadowbanning users without explanation. Most people believe it's so that the site is more palatable for advertisers.
You mean [Powerplay Specialist Byron Ritchie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PW4Z3lX2Pk)
"Without explanation" refers to the shadowbanning of users. They are notoriously lacking transparency on that.
&gt; many more are anti-subsidizing professional sports teams. As everyone should be...
I'll be the bad guy, he has no chance. Just didn't do enough in the regular season to justify his awful postseason experiences.
Because if you let too many people in, it loses its meaning. More exclusive = higher honour.
That phrase doesn't work in this situation!
LOUD NOISES
hella
Ain't nothing wrong with Langway
The player algorithm at that site is horrid.
No point, the festival would end after one hour
I think that's a weak argument. Any player you need to make that argument for should probably be left out.
Reddit auto-downvotes posts when they get to a certain popularity as part of some kind of algorithm? I don't really know, but it's possible to have downvotes without anyone actually downvoting you
The first of the legendary Predator defenseman pedigree.
Trevor Linden was a non-superstar, I pick him.
Philly could always trade away more defensemen to make room.
Makarov is closest but there is none
Weird, I never saw him play defense
Neutral Zone Trap. Building a team around the goaltender.
Gambino is obviously above average, but compare him to people like Kanye, Eminem, Aesop Rock, Killer Mike, El-P, Andre 3000... he's magnitudes below all of these guys and quite a few more. He does not deserve to be in the conversation for best lyricists in hip hop.
Duane Sutter had four Cups when he was 24 Claude Provost had five when he was 27
What I look for in a good rapper is flow, vocabulary, intelligence, complex metre and rhyme schemes and ability to construct a cohesive whole song rather than just jamming a bunch of one or two-line clever wordplays/hashtag raps onto a cheesy factory processed beat
I mean he was the youngest player to win all four of the Islanders cups
Eh, I don't know, I think this could have ended up with the team moving to Phoenix. If they stay in Glendale I think it heightens the chance in the future that they'll leave AZ altogether.
But then half of the NHL makes the playoffs, which is square-ish feeling
damn man I tried so hard
Start in Alaska
MISCONCEPTION! Bowman played a lot of hockey after the Talbot headshot. He just wasn't very good.
Kane is also an excellent playmaker, your fantasy has nothing to worry about.
"Gimmick" must be defined by intent! Pearl Jam was acting this way out of integrity!
Fewer games in which you have created value for your team
I'm sorry that others have downvoted you... ?
How would you determine conferences with so many more champions coming from the west?
Or do all sixteen teams 1-16 based on regular season points? 118 - 2001 Avalanche 116 - 2002 Red Wings 115 - 2008 Red Wings 114 - 1999 Stars 112 - 2010 Blackhawks 112 - 2006 Hurricanes 110 - 2007 Ducks 108 - 2003 Devils 106 - 2004 Lightning 103 - 2011 Bruins 103 - 2000 Devils 102 - 2015 Blackhawks 102 - 2013 Blackhawks 100 - 2014 Kings 99 - 2009 Penguins 95 - 2012 Kings
Hard to argue with any of this.
Anaheim Ducks might be the only one
I'm OK with him just sitting on the bench and making his full salary. I don't care that he sucks now.
Of note: &gt; Without the arena management contract, an NHL source has told TSN the Coyotes will be forced to consider relocation.
Not sarcastic, Bieksa's my favourite player but I do realize he isn't really useful anymore. I want him to retire as a Canuck, somehow with dignity, but somehow also not hurting the team with his stupid plays. I don't really see a way for this to work out the way I want it to :(
Keeping Karlsson, if you're into fantasy hockey
I would like that, but if he's playing 6-8 minutes he won't be able to ask for much money, and he knows he can probably get $3.5 mil somewhere.
* Moving to continuous 3 on 3 OT, eliminating the shootout * Expansion teams in Las Vegas and Seattle, and get rid of the wild card playoff format * Coyotes move to Phoenix, or failing that, Quebec City * Canucks acquire a top 4 defenseman
3 on 3 continuous OT would almost never need more than ten minutes, let alone a second period of it.
What I've read is that Zhamnov's amazing lockout-shortened season combined with Selanne's injury convinced the Jets management that Zhamnov was the better option going forward
Added back, for another time
He produces a lot of material and his employment at TSN makes it highly accessible
It used to be allowed, but isn't anymore. Roman Turek once negotiated his contract from something like $5m to $1.5m so the Flames could be more competitive. That was in 2004, before the Cap/CBA.
Sedins would be pro soccer players. They actually had the opportunity to do that but chose hockey instead.
This is the wrong brand of peanut butter. You should switch to Adams.
Utilities should not belong to the free market. They might have an advantage in efficiency but the point is moot when you realize their goal is profitability and not quality of service.
Civ 5 and drinking
Ah come on, let him feel superior to a vague group of people that he has never met.
I think we all went through that same flurry of emotions.
I want to bankroll a troll hockey league that exists solely to mess with websites. Name the teams things like 'Time Out From Hockey' and 'Waivers' and 'Retired'. Pay a player to change his name to 'Too Many Men On The Ice' or 'Elbowing'.
Civilization 1, in 1997. I was 12, bored at lunch, and wandered into my school's Mac lab and played the first game I saw. Playing as Egypt, all I built were Phalanx. I had a medium-sized island and filled the entire island with Phalanx on every tile. Except fortified inside my cities. I had no Phalanx inside my cities. Barbarians directly attacked my two cities amphibiously and conquered me pretty soon after I filled out my island fortress.
I'm programmed to confuse the illiterate.
Tretiak! Non-cheating answer: ~~Tony Esposito or~~ Roberto Luongo
[His best guest verse... he slays it](https://youtu.be/N0ijOe3sGEk?t=1m32s)
Tretiak played in the USSR before Russians were allowed in the NHL. He's usually named as one of the best goalies all-time but never had a chance to compete for the Cup. So he might technically be the right answer but it kinda takes away from the spirit of your question.
Did you have SIN/CareCard/DL in there? Make sure you're protected against identity theft.
Heh, he's got Tyson Barrie listed under 'other forwards'
He was robbed of the Vezina in '03!
Well he played zero games.
You're technically correct. Some would say the best kind of correct.
Agreed, Keurig is going to want to have green options when people start to find out how horribly wasteful K-cups are.
Article doesn't mention whether this is actually biodegradable, AKA will decompose in a landfill, or if it's like those "biodegradable" shopping bags that require high heat and humidity and need to be processed in an industrial recycling plant.
1) Jack Eichel 2) Patrick Kane barely over Ryan Suter (though according to the second part of that question, my answer is Ryan Kesler) 3) Chris Chelios, ~~not even close~~ maybe kinda close
It's not outrageous to believe that Kessel would have a similar career to Kane if they switched teams. They are both monstrously talented.
I think I know where you got that worker.
Cannata or Demko
Cannata
But he's playing with guys like Hossa, Sharp, and Toews. It is a lot easier to make your line deadly with those guys than with Bozak and JVR.
Probably anticipating the Hawks will extend his contract
"Brandon Saad has signed an offer sheet with the Buffalo Sabres"
Reagan is surely in hell
Probably the worst person of the 20th century who wasn't involved in world war 2
Well he's automatically worse than Osama Bin Laden since he armed Al-Qaeda...
Granted he's not worse than Mao or Stalin or Hitler (obviously) which is why I gave it that caveat. Pinochet might have been per capita a worse person but his realm of power was on such a small scale comparatively. Reagan's actions had a more far-reaching effect and ultimately caused more devastation.
saw Death Grips on saturday. best live show I've ever seen. you should be more excited than you already are.
fuck that! Elon Musk for emperor of the world!
&gt; He was a key role in ending the Cold War I'd give the nod to Gorbachev &gt; raised the GDP by 36%, raised the Dow index by 15% Means nothing unless you take wealth distribution into account, which got significantly worse
I could never get into Stephen King. I tried the Dark Tower series but about 5% into the second book I just lost interest.
Kinrade's mom was my 7th grade homeroom teacher!
So that is the established formula for increased tech costs for number of cities?
saw Death Grips at the Commodore on Saturday. best live show I've ever seen.
No reason for Klingberg to be that low.
I just looked it up and yes, this guy is the younger brother of Brad, who was a star NHL defenseman in the 80s and then died in the 2011 Lokomotiv plane crash.
Vegas is ready to pay a $500 million expansion fee for a new team. They won't relocate there.
Almost definitely the biggest flop. He was projected to be the best player since Lindros. Franchise player skill. He famously said something like "Nobody remembers who was drafted #2." Chris Pronger was drafted #2.
Fairly certain the Mark Messier Leadership Award has always existed
He's on pace. But then again, so was Dany Heatley.
Well... ;) We all know what Jarret Stoll is thinking... ;) when the coach tells him to go on a certain LINE...... ;) cool people will understand what I am referencing when I say this ;)
fuck that, I don't want to get traded to Chicago
Bertuzzi was just sticking up for his best friend
Smart of Stone to back-load. His future qualifying offer is anchored to his salary in the final year of the deal.
Ah, so it has changed since the last CBA. Thanks.
two Norris trophies for Erik Karlsson
Bobby Clarke GOAT
No mention of Slava Fetisov?
&gt; So I used a web site that let me find all of the ISPs in my area, and after checking them all out, the prices of these ISPs are not cheaper even after the Shaw August price increase goes into effect. I just switched to Lightspeed a month and a half ago and I'm paying $30/mo less.
["I'm glad I got drafted first because no one remembers No. 2."](http://bigmouthsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/chris-pronger-cup.jpg)
I don't think they have any songs that aren't better on The Last Waltz.
AZ has the cap space to pay him whatever he wants, Boston doesn't
Is it good or bad that his legal troubles don't seem to be affecting his bargaining position?
I have to think that fall coincided with the crumbling of the Soviet bloc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona_Coyotes#Hall_of_Famers
Ready Player One
Troll, got it. Didn't mommy ever tell you to play nice with the other kids?
Not worth your time
We can approximate a defenseman's dominance by using their Norris placements. Pronger and Zubov were contemporaries so this should be a pretty easy straight up comparison. **Pronger:** 1st, 3rd, 3rd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 5th, 8th, 10th, 10th. **Zubov:** 3rd, 4th, 8th, 8th, 9th, 9th Pronger had ten seasons where he was considered a top ten defenseman, seven as a top five, and four as a top three. Zubov had six as a top ten, two as a top five and one as a top three, with third place being his peak. Zubov is closer to Gonchar than Pronger.
~~I love you too~~ thanks bro!
I really don't like the Archaeology thing.
* "What are you reading this week?" * friends' feeds on Goodreads * friends' recommendations In that order
Taro Tsujimoto please
Teemu Selanne is a floater. Checkmate.
Oh man, hated corporations. When I was still on Civ 4 I only ever played up to Warlords, because of the corporations.
Hugh Hefner?
The other kind of bandwagoner is the guy who only pays attention to the team when they're doing well. OP is just a new fan. We all start somewhere!
Oh damn, this is good to know. Thanks.
&gt; My main problems still are keeping up with happiness for expansion I never build more than four cities (edit: unless I need to snipe coal/aluminum), and I will almost always prioritize luxuries when considering expansion plans &gt; and making sure that my religion stays dominant. I've won games easily without even attempting to have religion. If you can get the faith from desert tiles pantheon, or Stonehenge, go for it, but it shouldn't take up too much of your productivity/effort. It can only take you so far
Add Zubov to the 'overrated by r/hockey' list I guess
I do think he was better than Rob Blake but they are both a big step below Pronger
Good puck mover, no doubt. Defensive game left a lot to be desired
Bettman haters never seem to know about this.
Unless you stockpile engineers!
I think Zubov is overrated if you compare him favorably to Pronger, because in my mind Pronger was quite easily the better hockey player than Zubov. That's all. Zubov was a great player, but Pronger was better.
Bill Masterton killed during game
top 5 canucks currently? all time? Zubov or Pronger?
Great class, except for Housley. God damnit. He finished top-3 in Norris voting ONCE in 23 seasons. That is not the trophy case of an all-time great.
Makarov's continued exclusion - not even mentioning guys like Mikhailov, Firsov, Petrov, Vasiliev, Suchy, Tumba, etc - is inexcusable. There is no way Phil Housley is more worthy of enshrinement than Sergei Makarov. Total bullshit.
Also Fedorov was an elite defensive centre while Mogilny was a cherry picking floater. Fedorov was three times the player Mogilny was.
I would bet against all four of them ever being inducted. The Hall is laughably West-centric.
Heh. You're right, usually the way that I even get to Order is by rushing three factories immediately after Industrialization.
Yeah, that does suck. You can't ally with city states to get coal because they don't know they have it, and you can't trade with other civs because they don't know they have it, since I'm always the first to get to industrialization. Coal is the only resource that I'll found a new city for.
NO HE DOESN'T AND YOU KNOW THAT
What do you do with a starting spot that is plains-heavy with few or no river tiles or grassland?
He played through the 1980s and he played for a long time There are no seasons in which Housley was one of the ten best players in the NHL, and only one season where he was apparently even a top three defenseman
Not basing this on team composition or chemistry, just the best players at these positions in history. Bobby Hull - Wayne Gretzky - Gordie Howe Alex Ovechkin - Mario Lemieux - Maurice Richard Ted Lindsay - Jean Beliveau - Jaromir Jagr Valeri Kharlamov - Bobby Clarke - Guy Lafleur Bobby Orr - Doug Harvey Nicklas Lidstrom - Ray Bourque Eddie Shore - Denis Potvin Dominik Hasek Jacques Plante
What you're doing is looking at his point totals and assuming he was elite, which is a mistake. What you should be doing is looking at his almost total vacuum of award recognition and playoff success and thinking that maybe Housley is less effective of a player than his career point totals would indicate. A modern version of Housley would be Mike Green. Not a Hall of Famer.
Well yes but there were like 25 defensemen who were just straight up better than he was. Like for example NICKLAS LIDSTROM.
So glad to see someone else knows who Doug Harvey is
But Lidstrom is the reason the Red Wings were an all-star team. Housley could never dream of having that effect on a team.
He basically pioneered controlling the pace of the game from the back end. He was a hockey genius.
Esposito was at least better than Francis.
No objections
Less for sure, but not half. Clarke had a few dominant seasons. Won two Harts up against a prime Orr.
Sedin is borderline right now + has a Pearson and a scoring title. What Sedin has left is what will put him in the Hall.
I'll say it again... Makarov, Mikhailov, Vasiliev, Suchy, Tumba, Maltsev, Petrov, Firsov, etc. We need to have one special year where we induct the pre-NHL European legends that should have been in 20 years ago. Like 1962 with pre-NHL players.
I still think observing raw point totals and nothing else kind of cheapens the honour. It paves the way for just above average players to make it, as long as they don't retire when they should.
&gt; Housley wasn't elite Shouldn't someone be elite to make the Hall?
Well the game has been around since before 1900. There are almost 300 players in the Hall right now. If we got rid of 75 to 100 it wouldn't be a big deal. What can you tell me about Paddy Moran? Leo Boivin? Edgar Laprade?
NHL record for penalty minutes by a Finn. I will always miss having Ruutu as a Canuck.
I'm the brad park of reddit
/u/TimeToDoubleDip http://www.reddit.com/user/TimeToDoubleDip/submitted
Little free libraries What books you got?
Schneider and Holtby are unquestionably #1 and #2, I just choose Schneider out of the two of them because he has a lesser team in front of him and is putting up just as impressive numbers Rask is Rask, and he has turned it around lately. If his recent play continues he will easily be third.
so will Malhotra!
&gt; It's a fallacy to chalk their performance's up to team strength It's a fallacy to think that Holtby doesn't get major benefits from playing behind a far better team. &gt; To put Rask as "easily 3rd" is too lazy, especially for you! Well, I qualified it as, if he keeps his recent play up until the end of the year... Rask is elite, he's always in the conversation
Wins and GAA are team stats, and the difference in save percentage there can easily be explained by the relative shot quality allowed by the Capitals' and Devils' far disparate talent levels on defense. &gt; Rask in an elite talent, but he hasn't even been the hottest goalie lately. He's showing more signs of a rollercoaster season than anything. When a goalie's baseline is to be elite, a stretch of bad play has to be viewed as anomalous rather than an indicator of a future rollercoaster trend.
1. Mattias Ohlund 2. Jyrki Lumme 3. Sami Salo 4. Alex Edler 5. Doug Lidster 6. Dan Hamhuis 7. Ed Jovanovski/Harold Snepsts
but it's *our* shitshow now!
what about a bomb blowing up the game itself
Whalers and Thrashers have each still played zero games, NHL scheduling is a joke
Bieksa!
isn't Anders Lindback your starting goalie
The issue here is clearly asset management, and I can't imagine Yzerman will be able to dodge blame
You're beating me to everything this morning
Stamkos is having an off-year but he is a 50 goal guy when used properly
You never know, maybe we could pull some Bruins luck and our opponents will lose their best players to injury
uncovered by Greg Wyshynski
&gt; Frumpy flake bashing attractive blonde women Who's the misogynist?
you laugh, but he dominated the athletic program in his graduating class of seven
I'd veto that trade if I was commissioner
Fuhr is overrated, I would go with Iginla
Their team is doing pretty good too eh
Wide means lots of small cities. Tall means just a few large cities.
and they don't turn the volume on for games
Interesting. I'm usually maxing out my production curve to hit education asap.
Daniel just lost all those teeth
I'm making fun of libertarians
I think it's funnier without context
We are the charity!
If skycops is starring James Franco and Seth rogen I am interested
anyone else hate this format of article where a bunch of random "funny" .gifs are thrown in for no reason?
tire marks tire marks
you're not wrong!
[Real Good Show](https://twitter.com/RealGoodShow) - Vancouver based comedians who complain about sports
I have been saying for a while that Schneider's numbers are more impressive than Holtby's when you factor in relative shot quality, and this kind of works in favour of that. I still think Schneids should be the Vezina favourite, even though I know he won't win it.
That's not fair, fuck everything
Now tell me that Andreychuk should not get in and I think we can be best friends
Less flashy players do tend to take more time to get appreciated enough to get award consideration. for a more recent example OEL is singlehandedly taking the Coyotes to the playoffs and nobody's really talking about him for the Norris.
Keeper league, H2H, G A +/- PPP PIM HIT SOG BLK /// GAA SV% W Team A gets Hellebuyck, E Johnson, Bjugstad, 1st Team B gets Pacioretty, Cammalleri, Rask Who wins?
Weird site, asks me to do a captcha just to visit, and "Show results" button does nothing
sorry can't hear you over the sounds of my 90 longbowmen
All my friends are here I'm also great at being frugal - monthly bills including gym pass and transit = less than $600
during Crosby's rookie season I saw a guy try to argue that Petr Prucha was a better player
Always wondered why Brendan Morrison couldn't get 471 assists a season in real life.
I made this custom playmaker named Passy O'Assistmotron
I'll be at the second one!
silver lining: the rerouted #16 took long enough to get me home that I was able to finish an extra chapter of the book I was reading
I will not sit here and be lectured on class by a Flyers fan
Didn't we also end Detroit's 23 game point streak a couple years back?
I hear he doesn't squeeze toothpaste from the bottom of the tube
Relative to his peers I still have to go with Maurice Richard or Bobby Hull.
He was propped up by Denis Potvin and Bryan Trottier. Amazing player but not on Ovechkin's level.
how is Nate Silver so consistently wrong about hockey while being right about everything else?
Because the owners of these kinds of mortgages are less likely to be sound enough financially to be able to meet their mortgage payments.
Maggie the Monkey must be hard up for work
True, the man has no body fat
let's just skip the bullshit and ban hockey. too many ways to get hurt!
He never really came close to getting any personal hardware whatsoever... can you honestly say Andreychuk is more deserving than Turgeon or Damphousse or Marleau?
That's a similar resume to Owen Nolan
Nolan also has a Richard. He could have been a top five player that year.
Eh, misremembered. Is there an argument for Lecavalier over Naslund? Nas had tougher competition, and was elite for a longer period. Lecavalier has the cup, but he was like the fifth best player on his team, while Naslund was always the best. Naslund also has a Pearson, and a runner up to the Hart which Lecavalier does not.
You can only judge a player against his peers. Bobby was at worst the second best player of the 60s after Jean Beliveau. Brett was maybe top ten in the 90s after Gretz, Bourque, Lemieux, Jagr, Roy, Hasek, Sakic, Chelios... Probably more. Bobby dominated way more than Brett.
Hayha cannot be targeted by bombers
Canada! Lester Pearson as the leader. UU will be some special forces unit. UB is an overpowered hydro power plant. Some production bonus from forests.
Good start! Horvat is back.
Go canucks!
G, A, PPP, +/-, HIT, PIM, SOG, BLK Justin Williams just got dropped for some reason. I'm picking him up. Do I drop Paul Stastny or Mathieu Perreault?
I'll be charging 100% interest
Bernie Sanders
“Rudy Migay was instrumental in the Buffalo Sabres drafting (Phil) Housley, (Tom) Barrasso, (Darren) Puppa, (Dave) Andreychuk, (Adam) Creighton, (John) Tucker, (Pierre) Turgeon, (Alexander) Mogilny and many more,” Bowman wrote on his official Twitter account upon hearing the news.
former NHLer
He will probably have a bit more success than Al Iafrate
I forget about him a lot
One good game...
no you didn't
how do you think we have been winning games?
Different types of defensemen. Depending on what you need, its either Doughty or Karlsson.
My girlfriend. Both ways.
You must have been ecstatic when we got Mogilny
13 hours later
Futurama references get a free pass for life
[Will Einstein](http://www.hockeydb.com/ihdb/stats/pdisplay.php?pid=147222)
They just lost out on a ton of jersey sales.
If Tim Kerr was slightly worse for twice as long.
LUONGO NEVER LEFT
I don't know how good Dionne's defensive game is these days
Aesop Rock, El-P, Kendrick Lamar
He'll play on crutches!
Upvote if you've been watching since goal 1!!!!??
Between the pipes is calling
Management keeps ordering meat and potatoes
I think it was a wings/avs playoff game in 1997
Adjusted for era though, that Cup weighed 4,000 tons, giving Pulford the all-time drop kick record
from an entertainment standpoint, game 2 is better
would've been nice to have Hamhuis for those last six games
[I live here, I'll be fine](http://www.khichdionline.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Vancouver1.jpg)
He has to do something to separate himself from guys like Damphousse and Turgeon
I agree, he has been putting up good numbers to go with the win totals and is in reality a very good goalie
Seabrook would not be a franchise defenseman on any team. He's got the same chance as Ken Daneyko or Kevin Lowe.
Kind of ironic for the best sport to have the worst institutions
&gt; If you don't want growth due to happiness problems Check the "Avoid Growth" box in the city manager screen.
"If you think this beef bourguignon is going to end well, you haven't been paying attention"
My strategy is to grow normally, and cross reference my cities to my happiness each turn. If I am at zero happiness and a city is about to grow, I'll check "Avoid growth" until I can scrounge up some more happiness. edit: should mention I also switch to production focus when I check "avoid growth"
Politics, Lindros should be in
My second choice would be a stick-in-rink horvat. Hope for the future!
We'll be gentle
no we didn't. 20 minutes before the game started, the mod team decided fuck it, let's have some fun with this
TIL
it was either you or Woozle, and since you're a dirty Patriots fan I just assumed it was you
Beauch has been great for me too. Late round pick. Even took Erik Johnson about five rounds before I took him.
The only way to really prevent wars though is to either have a large enough military to act as a deterrent (hoping nothing comes along that weakens it) or to have your enemies fight each other. The overwhelming majority variable in AI warmongering is the relative strengths of militaries (aka the pointiest sticks).
+2 science per specialist should be illegal
I've heard Arbutus will only be a temporary terminus station, and eventually the line will go all the way to UBC.
Just so you're aware, there is no special honour in being inducted first-ballot in hockey like there is in baseball. It just means there weren't four other more worthy players that year.
He will probably go higher than his average each year if he stays with this team.
GET OUT
There aren't really any overlapping metrics, but you can pretty easily look at the 1998 Sabres and say that Hasek contributed more to the team's success than Curtis Brown. On the flip side you can easily say Jagr was more important to the Penguins than Tom Barrasso. It's not a stretch to make the comparison.
Meet in the middle. Do what you will, I guess. Most historians are able to mash together their skater and goalie lists. You don't have to if you don't want to.
I think he downvotes people he disagrees with too.
So fuck it all and lets eat pie
One more vote for h2h. Especially with the single week elimination at the end. Half the league is still competitive until the final month. In roto you usually have one or two runaways and its pretty much over halfway through the season.
drop Lupul and Ritchie for Purcell and Rieder who are the top FA defensemen? Your goalies are fine
How much money does her medical attention need? Honestly curious
rather have Jamie Benn
in true LA fashion you should be meandering aimlessly between cynical and apathetic
how many false accusations equals one real accusation?
why isn't the league doing something about this?
Arizona taxpayers is the safe bet
I'd prefer Allister Thorne
Sweet analysis.
He will be missed
swiggity swinland, don't get cocky finland
of the AHL finals, after being so bad that we get relegated
Ah yes the Columbus Lue Blackets
I think he should be in, but this is a bad way to judge a player's merit.
Alexander Radulov, the Jesus of Suburbia
Ryder, Halak and a 2nd
back in the day on the HFBoards Trades and Rumours section, Montreal fans acted as though their wonderful package of Michael Ryder, Jaroslav Halak and a 2nd round pick would be able to land them any asset in the NHL, sometimes even Crosby. the Canucks variation is Raymond, Ballard and a 2nd.
My top 13: * **The Red Machine** by Lawrence Martin. Martin is a Canadian political writer who went to Russia for a few years to complete this English language book about the history of Soviet hockey behind the Iron Curtain. Incredible book. If you liked the Red Army documentary this is a must-read, as it's way, way better than that mediocre documentary. * **Road to Olympus** by Anatoly Tarasov. Very hard to find and very expensive if you do. Translated in 1968 and way out of print. The architect of the Soviet hockey machine describes his hockey program and gives his thoughts on various other countries' hockey programs - apparently he admired the Swedish players and thought Canadians were barbarians. Who knew? * **Open Ice: The Tim Horton Story** by Douglas Hunter. Biography of the late Leafs defenseman and Hall of Famer who also founded the Canadian donut/coffee chain. Goes into tremendous detail as Douglas Hunter always does, and gives a good rundown of the A-, B- and C-forms, which was the system used by teams to acquire players before the entry draft was a thing. * **Yzerman: The Making of a Champion** by Douglas Hunter. He uses the career of Steve Yzerman as a vehicle to analyze the transformation of the Detroit Red Wings organization from perennial loser to unstoppable juggernaut. Even goes into details on the executive careers of Devellano, Holland and Andersson. * **The Rebel League** by Ed Willes. Consummate history of the WHA. Perfectly made book, everything you'd ever want to know. * **Net Worth**, by David Cruise and Alison Griffiths. Similar to the popular book Business Adventures by John Brooks, but hockey-themed. A handful of excellent stories related to the business aspect of the NHL. * **Power Plays**, by Gil Stein. A first hand account of a former league executive and one-time commissioner of the NHL. Some of this book is obviously biased, as Stein had recently been ousted as the commissioner and booted from the Hall of Fame, but there's tons of great info in here. * **The Game**, by Ken Dryden. Nothing needs to be said about this one. * **Scotty Bowman: A Life In Hockey**, by Douglas Hunter. Not perfect, since this book was finished in 1998 so it's missing the 2002 Wings and his time as an executive with the Blackhawks, but it does a flawless job of presenting a balanced account of the greatest coach in hockey history. * **Ultimate Hockey**, multiple authors. Basically a textbook on the history of the game from the first puck drop to the year 2000. Goes over every major news story that happened and has nice biographies of every star player from each decade. * **Thunder and Lightning**, by Phil Esposito // **Playing with Fire**, by Theoren Fleury - tie. Great no holds-barred tell-all books by former star players who were never really good at keeping their mouths shut. * **Journeyman**, by Sean Pronger. He may have only been a plug, but Pronger is a genuinely great storyteller and this book is enjoyable from start to finish. He had an interesting if not strange career.
I have that on my shelf. Currently reading a biography of Cyclone Taylor, I'll have to get on that one after.
TECHNICALITY
nah, you're thinking of Modano/Bertuzzi/Salming/Dionne/Alfredsson/Sittler/Federko
Marleau won't make it even if he wins the Conn Smythe. He has never really been an elite guy. He was putting up second line numbers until Thornton came to town and took the defensive pressure off him. He just isn't a Hall of fame caliber player.
We will take Pietrangelo off your hands
I don't think he really is an upper echelon player. Does he even have any Hart votes whatsoever in his entire career?
I think you just came off as sarcastic
I think Schneider's actually better than Price
https://www.amazon.ca/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&amp;field-keywords=clarks
Is there any real drawback to opening Tradition and then opening Honor with your next policy? It seems like the culture gained from beating barbarians with Honor opened up will more than make up for the culture used up to open the policy track. Plus there's the free bonus against barbarians, and you're now also one policy away from a free great general if you ever have a need for one. And the added incentive to create units and beat barbarians will come with the added synergy of giving those units XP.
You're not an asshole from the perspective of the guy who just saved $50 on that sub par game.
paul simon
(e5)
Parent company has decided it isn't making enough money
You better hope Automoderator never gains sentience
have you been to CalgaryPuck before?
It's actually Kirk McLean's kid
Civilization V, Chess With Friends
St. Peter wouldn't dare try to stop Howe from getting in
Who were the toughest Canucks to play against?
Good way to get use out of cities I don't want.
Mark Messier
Vancouver Canucks roller coaster. All downhill.
exactly, savvy veteran leader, good team guy to help with the rookies, whose contract will be up right around the time the Canucks are contending again
I agree something should be done, but I think that thing should be a moment of silence before puck drop.
He's not your friend, pal
Can we get to 500,000 by the end of the game? Come on lurkers, sign up!
Understanding of the flow of the game aka anticipation aka game theory aka hockey IQ aka Wayne Gretzky
Bruins missing the playoffs
Might look bad to retire a number of a player who was bought out.
Nashville. Shea Weber is guaranteed.
Columbus. Nobody. Nobody at all. They might do Rick Nash just to avoid going 40 years without any retired jerseys, but he doesn't really deserve it.
gtch game on
Vegas hasn't yet
DRAFT HAS 7 ROUNDS EACH TEAM GETS 1 PICK IN EACH ROUND, TO START ORDER IS DETERMINED BY THE REVERSE OF HOW THEY FINISHED IN THE STANDINGS THE PRIOR YEAR PICKS CAN BE TRADED, BUT ARE ANCHORED TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE TEAM WHO ORIGINALLY HELD THE PICK
1) Ron Hextall (Flyers) 2) Roberto Luongo (Canucks stick in rink, dark) 3) Trevor Linden (Canucks skate, white) 4) Cyclone Taylor (Vancouver Millionaires original) 5) Derek Sanderson (Vancouver Blazers)
Anyone who argues against it is an idiot
In light of the earlier Teuvo trade, this signing is actually quite poetic
no Canadian teams guys I solved this we can go home now
I would vote Martinec into the Hall It's more difficult for some of the more prominent Czech players as they were clearly a step below the Soviets overall
Well.. a lot of how we see old timers, even Canadians, is based on reputation and documentation. I doubt that a guy like Sologubov or Bobrov or even Dzurilla would have been an elite player during his time if he came to Canada, but they were elite players that exploded the popularity of hockey in Russia, so I don't see why they shouldn't get similar treatment as a guy like Frank McGee. But you would at least have to be dominant in your immediate sphere of hockey influence... which is why I can't really put guys like Lennart Svedberg on the same level as Kharlamov or Tretiak. There was an insular aspect to pan-European hockey, and every country in that area had had roughly similar time to develop their hockey programs. Zabrodsky I feel just didn't really stand out. To be honest though I don't know that much about him.
Batman's a scientist
Were you sent here by the devil?
the heat in Texas messes with some people's heads
what it does is highlight the flaw in the "ban guns to stop violence" argument. what needs to be eliminated is the point in a man's life in which he decides that mass-harm to other people has become a viable course of action.
In the last CBA a team could offer (IIRC) 15% below their prior year salary as a QO, is this no longer the case?
Reminds me of Linden. &gt; "You don't know this, but Trevor Linden had cracked ribs and torn rib cartilage for the last four games of the 1994 Stanley Cup Final," Cliff Ronning said. "You can't imagine what it's like to hear your captain, in a room down the hall, screaming at the top of his lungs as they injected the needle into his rib cage. Knowing him, he probably thought we couldn't hear. He would then walk into our dressing room like nothing had happened. That was inspirational."
If only the Canucks had the Rangers' payroll...
1998 Olympic MVP, leading his team to gold when their #1 defenseman was Petr Svoboda.
Hasek was so good he won a Jack Adams in 1996
Both arguments are compelling but I gotta side with this guy
I think Karlsson should win, and I think he will win
DAMN
Nice to meet you, John scalzi
Gulutzan is old.
he got the juice
read*
Complained about housing prices, a Vancouver pastime
The book is more thorough
I hired a team of Jewish writers for that one
He didn't get good until pretty late in his career. He's 31 and only has 563 points, and he's well below a point per game.
Bike to work every day, gym twice a week
Roman Abramovich*
Semi colon; actually
as long as I don't need to wear a suit
everything is derivative, you just have a different cut off point
I concur, get that subscriber count up too
Wood Buffalo
At least they waited until after father's day to announce it
2nd overall + Trouba + Ehlers
and a squeezer of fried chicken
I can't wait for the throngs of barely-literates to get smug about having read the book first.
Check out office temp agencies like OfficeTeam and AppleOne. Worst case scenario you can take less desirable temporary placements in Coquitlam or Langley. Eventually you'll be placed somewhere that wants to keep you. Temp agencies are a really underrated way to look for jobs. In a way it outsources networking, selling yourself, and salary negotiation, which are major weak points for a lot of chronic job seekers.
The only scene in a book that ever truly unsettled me was in Saramago's *Blindness* ... you know the one I'm talking about. I did read Lolita, but I was able to put a gulf between myself and the protagonist so I was never creeped out.
Agree with you, AirBnB would be a great resource if it was better regulated, but in its current form only chokes the rental market and drives up prices. The City would do well to ban the service.
0% chance
This subject is reaching its tipping point
The man who brought two cups to Vancouver
I got a 99% IQ, can't fool me
I've given up on the Hall being worth anything except something to gripe about
For example Housley
For example Duff
Dick Duff, roleplayer from the 1950s and 1960s.
We need bad articles to make us appreciate the good articles
You did... once... his name was Hugh Jessiman
Lots of teams named after army stuff. Blackhawks, Maple Leafs... well, two teams.
We can't give trophies based on sympathy. Except the Masterton.
No way. This is the most wonderful time of the year. Each news bit deserves its own discussion.
Goddamnit
In his defense Sakic kept handing them to him
It is a great day for hay. What's it to ya?
British pop artist
Settling on grassland salt will give my city 3/2/1?
In 1994-ish, Yzerman the playoff choker was almost traded to Ottawa for Alexei Yashin
"High pace" is not really defined and is more of a descriptive word, but tends to mean lots of quick back and forth possession, hard skating, and trading scoring chances.
The AI is notoriously bad at combat. The only way to make it challenging is to play on higher levels.
both of those sports involve horses
The times, they have changed
Those brilliant people are having their cake and eating it too. They get to act like they're supporting him by donating, and they can be absolutely certain they won't ever have to pay out because there's no chance he'll reach his fundraising goal. As long as $15,000 worth of people don't get the same idea...
His watery shadow ate the dust like an ocean breeze.
I withdraw my compliment
They let me outside once a month
*So no one told you life was gonna be this way*
He'll be first ballot if there aren't four more deserving players in his first year of eligibility Who else is retiring this year that would leave him out?
I had no idea Carter was so tall.
We really fucked the dog on that one
Well Zub has played like twice as many games
Bingo
Way better than Niedermayer while we're on the subject
I don't have one
About 20 Soviets, Czechs and Swedes from before 1980. And Carl Brewer.
Sure, you can have 1982
Get out
Lindros was exceptional though. His career was short but he made a pretty big impact in the decade where he was effective.
There is always going to be a player with the most goals/points not in the Hall. Andreychuk never received a single vote for any major award. He was a good player but never elite.
Read up on Soviet hockey
Juolevi is Lidstrom 2.0
Not really a race issue. Leach was an alcoholic whose drinking ruined his game, like Fleury or Fogarty.
Leach has admitted his alcoholism derailed his career.
Can't blame us. We deal with a lot of shit from all angles, including ownership and management
#A-quit-lini
The book is good too.
