Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value? Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral. For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons. 2) benefits employees in retail. But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that. PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you. Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead. I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this. https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
There's quite a lot of cutesy over here e.g. Boux Avenue sleepwear. Primark is low-end; my gf says it's better for men than women. Maybe that's why my Primark stuff has worn very well.
Yeah- I read on your post history... You are from in or near Halifax - well, no wonder you feel what you do when you go back- that end of W Yorks is just amazingly beautiful. But more than that, that end looks more to Manc than to Leeds (Bradford is in the way) and you even support Man U. If you are planning a family, it's a no-brainer that it's better for children to grow up outside London. We're in the other end of W Yorks, in Castleford. But because of the attractions of your end, we will more often go out there than locally (e.g. Shibden Mill, the Gray Ox, the Fleece at Barkisland, the Ram's Head at Denshaw/ Saddleworth) and probably the pub we've been to most often (not that this is so often) is the Turnpike between Ripponden and the M62 J22 - which is a perfect stop coming back from Manc and all points West and North. By London standards, 35 miles along the motorway in 35 minutes is the equivalent of 6 miles in traffic or on the tube....
It's the identity of the EOD man, for me.
If not more. I've had an external on 24/7 for 6 years now. However, now I've posted this it will no doubt fail tomorrow.
Mind you- your first sentence says it. There are lots of good providers. It should be a market where if you are unhappy, you were unlucky- most customers of most providers are very satisfied. I have found whatbox, bytesized and feral the three most recommended, and all have a staff presence in this sub for extra support. If you are unable to admin a dedicated yourself, don't get one to start off with. Go managed with one of the many good providers.
Feral hosting (I've been with them 5 years s a customer); the other two most recommended are whatbox and bytesized. Those three are very reliable; if you go elsewhere make sure to get better value than they offer. You can download all the what freeleech torrents and seed them.
Everyone gets burnt once or twice.
I've got good stuff from Arnold and Arnold. http://www.arnoldleathergoods.co.uk/
Posh restaurants with rooms- very romantic- Yorke Arms at Ramsgill or Black Swan at Oldstead.
Have you watched NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans?
It so much depends on the winter we get. It IS going to get colder though. If you haven't been to Snowdonia though, it is lovely for all sorts of reasons. If you can bear other people, I recommend joining a walking/ climbing club because everyone shares car rides and there's no disadvantage, therefore, to have no car. As you say, any larger area is far more accessible with a car. Snowdonia is compact, for example, compared to the Lakes, but it has several micro-climates- with a car you can decide when you get up in the morning where you are going.
OK, well funnily enough I had some spare minutes today when i was out with the car and really had to use up the time (I was waiting to pick someone up from an appointment) and so I actually went in the Asda where I get inhalers and bought a spare. So this one was issued today and expires end of Oct 2017- that is 21 and a half months. My previous one from them (because of this thread I asked them to check!) was on 10 march 2015 and expires Dec 2016 (like yours!). I also googled for you and the shelf life seems to be 24 months. http://www.medsafe.govt.nz/profs/datasheet/v/VentolinCFC-freeinh.pdf So one presumes they buy in a batch and sell it gradually- that means your current two were likely obtained some time between December 2014 and spring 2015.
Oh I know! Richer Sounds has a really good set of customer policies. For example, they do an extended guarantee service that if you do not use, you can get a refund of your premium at the end of the 5 year (or whatever) period. It's worth asking them.
Like a lot of people are (or used to be) I was brought up a nominal Anglican - the line always was that British people say 'I'm not very religious' when asked questions about faith. Now, as Brit, though, the Anglican church means the Church of England to me- unless there is a world congress or synod or something, I never ever think about Anglican congregations abroad. I actually love the cultural side of the Anglican church, but I think it is in a really difficult position a) it tries to be inclusive (we say high church and low church) and so deals with pro- and anti- women clergy people and gay clergy people b) its buildings are impractical and expensive here, because largely old and listed c) its forms of service and stuff, as well as the bricks and mortar mean it's much harder for it to adapt than for non-conformist churches. I warmed to Rowan Williams over time, especially when he wrote the Narnia book, I'm not sure about Welby. I think women clergy are an obvious good thing, but I don't have any view on how the C of E and Welby relate to other Anglican churches abroad. In the UK, the obvious divides (apart from Christian and other religions and no religion) are between Catholic, Anglican and Non-conformist.
Yes, of course they are great fun. I'm a really old member now of most of my trackers, so in many ways the BP are not so important to me. The BTN multiplier is really excellent for promotion- at the start you think the BP required are improbably high, then you realise it really rewards long-term seeding. The PtP system allows you to earn enough BP to keep yourself with enough credit always to download. However, more recently, when I've been experimenting with daily freeleech torrents, I've seen that actual upload earned is much higher. I totally agree these are much more satisfying systems to experience than ones with a small number of points per day or whatever.
Gosh! The wheel of fortune has turned in your favour big time!
Yeah, do it when you move in. The supply will stay on anyway. Without the meter readings your contract cannot start. And before you are in it's not you using the power. Basically- the people moving out will give a reading as they leave- you give one as you arrive- the energy company sees they are the same and go from there.
I think we looked at about 50 places before we bought one. Assuming your mortgage adviser has said there is likely to be no issue, I'd start now. BUT.... It's gonna depend a LOT on how fast the market moves in the area you want to buy in. We saw a couple of episodes of Location Location Location recently and thought they were really true to our experience. 1) in London, a couple of buyers / sets of buyers were looking around the £300-450k mark. The flats were terrible and even after having their offers accepted, both sets of buyers got gazzumped. It was a lot of effort for nothing. 2) in Yorkshire, a couple of buyers had a budget of £200-250k. They couldn't get exactly what they wanted, but they had plenty of time to manoeuvre and in each case got a lot of property for their money. One set of buyers went for location above everything, the other went for the house looking and being right at the cost of location (it was more countryfied than she wanted) but it was not a property we saw- it happened after the programme was filmed. So it's more helpful to look now if you are buying in a slow-moving area. Dunno how people manage in chains in fast-moving areas, one might have to get an offer on one's own first...
Bad breath.
Flaki FTW!
Similarity with the NCIS "original" episode is disappointing if you watch both together.
Linux? Well, I did it on rtorrent with the sed command; full instructions on bib's forum thread, it's method 3. (Obviously when the website returns!!)
Hmmm. You mean Butlins gave the reviewer a free holiday? They still say Center Parcs is better though....
I run mine using a thin client- https://www.feralhosting.com/faq/view?question=76 though if you are not on Feral you may need to do the manual install not the script to get the info. Basically I get a deluge install that looks and feels like a desktop client. Your seedbox provider may or may not support this!
I only know second-hand (friend was a reservist) but yeah, joined means joined the Reserves and then means joined your unit. I don't think you are ever locked in. My friend just decided after serving for a while they didn't want potentially to have to kill people. Unless you are actually mobilised, which may not be war, it may mean helping fight Ebola or clear up after a natural disaster.
Actually, for it to be an offence, doesn't one have to bully some's real ID, not an alias/ username?
David Blackburn (link below). Done 2 jobs for us (originally recommended by several neighbours) and one for mum-in-law. Best tradesman (of many) we've ever had in the house, (or on it!). BUT he's Ponty way.... https://www.yell.com/biz/ideal-roofing-and-fascias-pontefract-7620224/
I agree with your first 3 answers. Here we basically have furnished and unfurnished. Very roughly, unfurnished means you need a van to move in and furnished means you don't. So for furnished you expect bed, yes, closet, sofa, cooker, fridge, usually washing machine, table you can eat off, and some chairs. Yes, usually there are curtains or blinds or at least something to cover the window. As the others say, when it's furnished, there is an inventory. I have been in places where there was stuff like cutlery and crockery, even pictures, but basically it was possessions of the landlord that he did not want to store elsewhere, so rubbish, basically.
Are you a tourist, or working, or living? The centre is nice, Clifton is nice. Try https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/ and https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/comments/1se191/comprehensive_list_of_things_everyone_should_do/
Yeah, tbh he confused me by telling me in a post once he did NOT like cakes. I have to say I felt betrayed and , yes, bullied.
Ring up schools / LEAs advertising vacancies that interest you?
When you say "literally"..... It doesn't bear thinking about.
with a chute.
Oh no! Have you met me IRL? Know any good careers in the Army? Or the French Foreign Legion? Oh sorry, it's racist mentioning the French.
Anyone driven incredibly fast on an autobahn in Germany?
UCL is a great university. Do you want to be in Central London? That could be a very good or bad thing about it!
So what you do is disable the VPN and the torrent client, then access all the non-VPN trackers/ sites together and then log out and (re-)enable your VPN / restart your torrents for actual torrenting, is that right?
Phone trading standards of your local council and also maybe Environmental Health and ask the latter if they have heard of him. At least you have telephone numbers- even if they are fake, there may be a record of them being associated with a scammer.
1) Do you have it in writing about service history? E.g. was the car advertised as such? 2) are you planning to keep the car a while? a) if not, it's bad because you won't be able to prove it's been properly serviced. b) if yes, you are keeping the car for a while, it may not matter, and it may be good the other way. In the sense that the mechanic was servicing his own car and would have given it plenty of TLC. Estimate how old the car will be when you sell it in the future. Look up roughly how much it will fetch at that point. Depending on how much that is, presence or lack of a service history may matter. If it ends up being an old trade-in, it's not going to matter. If say, the current cost is £10k and you want to have £4k-6k when you trade it in, I'd be more concerned. 3) When you say dealer, do you mean a main Peugeot dealer or just any car sales place? All main dealer used cars will have been inspected and approved, in theory.
To be serious, OP, I have to agree with my friend here that Somerset is a lovely county to live in. This is speaking as a resident of West Yorkshire (but not born in Yorkshire; however I am now fiercely loyal/ patriotic about the place, unlike Mr/Ms T above). I do not know Taunton at all, but it is surrounded by lovely countryside such as Exmoor and the Mendips; both the North Devon and Jurassic coasts are really close and West Country people are very friendly. The weather and the quality of food/ drink ingredients are good. (I do note some areas of Somerset had much too much rain last winter). Bath, Bristol and Exeter are all also not far away. Most English people would regard Somerset as a really nice part of the country.
OK- this makes sense. Sita is a company that does a lot of rubbish collection, waste management and resource management for councils. Sita Trust is their charities bit, I think. Hence managing a community resource. It kinda suggests they are managing this area for the council. I don't know whether it's by-laws or just arbitrary on Sita's part. Whether dog mess is an actual problem or or whether some busybody has complained. Either way, I think you probably need to ask the council, unless you are intending just to ignore it.
I think you should rescue her when she seems upset. Funnily enough I saw this kind of situation where there was a litter and an older kitten. The older kitten was incredibly boisterous, even violent, But the kittens' mum and auntie seemed to think it was OK. However, I'd be careful in this situation when it's one on one. In a couple of months, things will be more even and he will seem more like a big brother. We have an 18 month old and an 8 month old. At first she was a bit scared of him, but from when the younger (girl) was about 6 months, she and the older one became really good friends. She never leaves him alone now.
Glad they bothered to reply straight away and that you might get a bit of clarity.
I can certainly imagine somewhere like a bank will have strict standards in that area.
Is there any indication when a WY Metro oyster-style card would come in? I must say that it is a thousand times more convenient using such a card than PAYG fares.
AFAIK every tracker has naming conventions in its uploading rules. They usually say to keep scene names. In this case you'd recheck the files against a scene torrent. If it checks out you could reproduce the scene name. Generally, where you don't know the file provenance, then you can name it anything logical. I know you like ScienceHD and I remember having issues with their naming scheme being individual to them.
OP, are you making a joke here?
Well, for sure you'll never be seen cut up. Morticians are expert are making people look better after they have died. And in many cases e.g. road accidents, this can be very challenging. Moreover, in general when one views a deceased person, it is the face that matters- the rest of the person is dressed, and it used to be a tradition to dress the person in their best clothes. Personally, I think opt out, not opt in, is a good thing. If there were a social expectation to donate, then it would just be accepted and there would be no weirdness or superstition (e.g. carry a card, get run over the next day) about it.
Having medication to hand is key. The rest depends on mobility. If you have a car you can quickly drive to a shop or access the Internet. With mobile Internet you can access most details like insurance instantly. When we looked for property, I did check flood risk carefully, but sure, no-one can be sure of escaping a gas blast, a tornado, an unexploded WW2 bomb, a sinkhole.....
If people call me a European (as opposed to an English or British person) I bristle a bit, even though I am very pro-Europe.
tvtz Only had about 1000 members, rules were to keep at least 4 torrents seeded for ever, at least 16/7. It was because of them that I started leaving my computer on 24/7 to torrent.
Yes. And even with a spousal visa and with indefinite leave to remain you can work.
Most councils have a procedure. You can ring up and complain, though I don't know how efficiently they will come out in response. I have found binmen are generally under orders to be really strict about what gets taken and what not. E.g. leave an empty plastic bag in the garden waste by accident and they do not empty the bin. Bagged waste means they opened it and saw or claim they saw, waste in a bag. As your first answer says, could someone have fly-tipped into your bin?
Quick google says: http://www.cupcakesyumyum.com/deliveries.html locally based. https://www.bettys.co.uk/customer-service/delivery came up on Page 1 of search also- a Yorkshire institution.
Try /r/vpn or /r/vpntorrents General advice is that free VPNs should not be trusted, though, as they will rat you out.
Do you mean you offered beer to people you didn't know? In the UK, that would be regarded as very strange unless you were in an already-established "party" situation, or maybe you'd already got into friendly conversation with people. EDIT: is it possible the people you offered beer to were already drunk?
Can't think of any Italian comedians working on British TV. John Peter Sloan is, AFAIK, unknown in Britain. First famous Italian working in Britain that comes to mind is of course Claudio Ranieri. There are plenty of Italians well known because their work extends to making TV programmes about their work. E.g. TV chefs like Antonio Carluccio. Musicians like Antonio Pappano (music director of our main opera house). Loads of people in football. EDIT: as /u/danltn says, there are a load of British-Italians here i.e. people who sound British or are actually British of Italian descent. Of danltn's list, Frankie Dettori really sounds Italian, most of the others don't and I didn't even realise Ken Stott and Tamzin Outhwaite were of Italian descent.
Wow! That's got you surprisingly worked up.
Gave them 5/5 for the location though!!
Fantastic example! I just thought of all those Jewish film people in Hollywood e.g. Allan Stewart Konigsberg = Woody Allen Neta-Lee Hershlag = Natalie Portman Winona Laura Horowitz = Winona Ryder.
Yeah, it is themselves the banks are protecting- so the government does not uncover criminals and later on it looks like the banks have been negligent. Also- it is not about YOU as the non-rich person having your own money. it is about other people, the bad guys, using you to launder THEIR money. Having to prove address makes it harder for someone to roll up and use an "innocent front guy" to launder the money. Because the "innocent" guy is easier to pin and down and question if they have a stable address.
AFAIK in the US there is a culture of litigation, therefore people always consider that option in life-situations. So what I am saying is Americans begin from a different mindset. Here, although there is some no-win, no-fee stuff going on, by and large people don't tend to think of the legal implications of doctor-patient, more of the moral and personal ones. I know some cases where the greater difference in culture between the doctor and patient made it harder for the two to communicate and the patient got a less good outcome. But those were also cases whee the patient would not have dreamed of litigating, because they likewise perceived lawyers to be very different people from themselves. Therefore the cases that go to court tend to be the result of very serious mistakes or disagreements.
I agree with your comment about the "litigation" thing. However, I think almost everyone posting about suing people has no idea what it actually involves.
I'm afraid that isn't very fast by modern standards.
Yes, the City Of London itself is certainly unique- very few residents, empty at weekends, big tall buildings, so much money in the companies.
Wow! You are one conscientious mod!!
Your first answer is right, but bear in mind one point. Tax does not now transfer from one keeper to the next. To avoid paying twice for the month you are transferring ownership, declare SORN (see DVLA pages) for a day or two at the end of the month and have your sister tax it from the 1st of the next. Two useful links: http://www.moneysupermarket.com/car-insurance/blog/remember-you-cant-transfer-road-tax-when-you-buy-or-sell-your-car/ https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/blog/car-tax-timing-it-right-reminders-and-biscuits-your-reaction-to-the-end-of-the-paper-tax-disc
We use only half to two thirds overall, because we don't often put the heating up above 15 C.
Yeah, it's everywhere. Sometimes it's just called cider vinegar, but cider is made from apples, so....
Ask a climbing club.
Yes. I have TERRIBLE handwriting and it would be confusing if I did not!
Yup, just looked up and average age for first marriage is 32. Wikipedia says 33 for men, 30 for women.
My experience is that people in traffic situations, whether driver or pedestrian, thank one another or acknowledge 'I understand you have been inconvenienced' rather than 'Thanks for doing something you did not have to.' Also, with respect to zebra crossings, because the rule is the driver is only obliged to stop if the pedestrian is ALREADY on the crossing, then stopping when the pedestrian is still waiting on the pavement (sidewalk) IS a nice thing to do. I'm sure the thanking gesture has been here since forever, and maybe exists in many countries...
I've seen lots of filters; library ones are often the most aggressive, but they can legit say library computers are just there for research and stuff.
Yeah, as a champagne socialist paper it's good at doing that.
The incredible lack of helpful responses suggests to me the reddit demographic consists of spillers not wiper-uppers.
What are you paying for what size of property? What kind of heating is it?
Paid VPN or private trackers. Have a search here- this question is asked every few hours.
Doesn't need dampening, just needs a bit of modification!! It's just about how you define 'British.' Just 'cos it was older doesn't mean it was boring. Vikings basically started attacking 'us' (I am British) from just before 800AD. We would say that 'us' at this time were the Anglo-Saxons, who had already driven the Celtic British (now Welsh, Cornish) west and south. They started by raiding, but then they kinda stayed. Through the century they established a kingdom that is roughly what is N and E of a line between Liverpool and London. So a lot of modern-day 'British' have Viking blood, especially in the old Viking kingdom (that came to be known as the Danelaw). So Vikings did a mixture of two things- settle + farm, and raid+ attack. Sometimes they got national "protection money" for not doing the attack + raid bit- this ransom was called Danegeld. Under Alfred the Great, the Anglo-Saxons got their act together, beat the Vikings, got kinda symbolic overlordship over them and the two parts of England kinda lived in peace for a bit. There was a very famous ruler of the Viking bit called Eric the Bloodaxe. Gradually the Anglo-Saxon bit got stronger and between about 950 and about 1010 it was all ruled by the Anglo-Saxons. Then, because the Anglo-Saxon bit got weaker, partly because of a king called Ethelred the Unready (=means badly advised, not that he had his pants down), so for most of the period 1013-1042 the Danes ruled all of England, and their most famous king was Canute. Then the Anglo-Saxons got back, and in 1066, for complex (but interesting) reasons, the Vikings tried invading from the North and completely independently, the Normans (who were originally Vikings that had settled in N France - Norman = North-man) invaded from the south. King Harold beat the Vikings in the North, marched his men back down but lost to the Normans at Hastings in 1066 and that's where, traditionally, English history starts. There are a lot of great stories- maybe myth, maybe true or some mixture about this whole Saxon v Viking period. Alfred and the Cakes Carving the white horse (in the hillside). Canute and the Waves Edward the Confessor and killing Earl Godwin with the piece of bread. Harold and the arrow in his eye (Bayeux Tapestry) Personally I think the period AD450-1066 (between when the Romans left and when the Normans arrived) is fascinating and more 'story-worthy' than what happens after 1066. Cos let's also not forget King Arthur. Many think he was a real guy who tried to fight with the Roman-influenced Celtic British against the invading Saxons. Actually, then go back to Roman times and there is a weird thing where a whole Roman legion, the 9th, disappears from the historical records completely. Some people think that happened in Britain because a mysterious eagle standard was found in Britain- if you look up 'Eagle of the Ninth' you will see a famous novel (now several times adapted) about it.
I'm happy going with someone who is not the two they trialled in the season finale.
We're lucky he got so much help just for being drunk.
Well - ELI5 is: FPTP- one who gets most votes wins. Each race is separate, like a horse or athletics race. Proportional Representation- it's like a cake. More votes= bigger slice of the cake. BUT, your vote is not just for one person, it's for a pool of people / a party- a lot of "races" are lumped together in the cake and so there are lots of winners. There are LOTS of different systems of PR, from where you have 2nd, 3rd preferences and so on if your top choice is 'knocked out' to a straight system where you vote for no individual, just a party. People hate on FPTP because you can get loads of votes for a party nationally but very few MPs, and vice versa, just with a relatively small % of the vote you can get lots of MPs. If you live in a safe seat, it's like your vote is 'wasted.' People hate on PR because the connection between your vote and the PERSON you vote for to represent you is weaker. And because it HAS to be more complicated than FPTP. As we've seen specifically when people have been giving tribute to Jo Cox MP, but also when MPs are discussed in general, MPs are important local representatives and people who help their constituents with individual problems, not just members of a party nationally. When there was a referendum (!) recently about whether to change FPTP to PR, FPTP won. Few actually were bothered to vote though.
Yes indeed, you are quite right to correct me, and one might argue that had the referendum been for a truly proportional system, it might have gone better for the anti-FPTP side.
Indeed, like /u/Caruckster I've never ever come across this as a racially directed insult. However, it may well be a non-racial insult.
DLR is a train!!
Depends how old they are. Like /u/hoffi_coffi I don't know what a strata corporation is. But no, most older terraced houses are completely independent. A new build terrace house or an ex-council one on a housing estate may still be administered by a company in terms of the common parts (roadways etc.).
I get a lot from rutracker (I don't know russian, but google translate does the job) and each album is tagged either 'tracks' or 'image.' Also there are some categories purely for high quality rips, some of which come from vinyl.
Unlike Man of the People Boris of course.
Yeah, do the maths, (or math, as it is in American English!). Rough rule of thumb is that you have to pay admission fee 3 or 4 times to make a subscription cheaper. A lot of English Heritage stuff is RUINS. So it is very questionable that it's worth paying to go up to it rather than just look from the other side of the fence. As for the 'stately home' element, it really depends on how much you like that. My dad used to say 'Once you've seen Versailles, you've seen them all.' It may be that, if you like countryside, you just visit one big one (like Windsor or Warwick, both of which are separate businesses) and save the time for the open air. In any case, with these things you can normally decide on the day. You pay the admission first, then, at the end, if you wish to sign up, they refund you / subtract the cost of your entry that day.
Hence "online" is polling higher for leave than "phone" - because you have to tell those reasons to a person?
Foreign exchange sales have been high. People have feared a Brexit vote will cause sterling to fall. So they've hedged and bought holiday money in advance. A Remain vote might well cause sterling to rise. So in that case waiting would be better. A lot of people saved X amount as spending money though. So losing some % through sterling falling would be more significant than gaining some % through sterling rising. For them, it's clearly better to buy now.
Irish eyes are winking now.
I can't think of any, but free movement of people does not please everybody. The EU also levies some taxes, some of which return as rebate and for development and cultural projects. I guess that's law.
Yeah, as people we all get along fine. There is a maybe little bit of serious hatred of the English in some pockets of the country. But sporting rivalries are deep. And all the other nations' supporters hate England, since England is bigger and 'the one to beat.' Because all the non-English are ancestrally mostly or partly Celtic, there may be a certain ganging up against the English also. But of course, take Euro 2016. England supporters are also delighted the other 2 home nations and the Republic [of Ireland] also made it through. I hate the Welsh, but I hate other foreign teams more. But of course we see players from all over the world playing in English football. So many in other teams are familiar too.
tl;dr makes no real difference. You can block anyone, but as soon as you've seeded out a piece, you can't block all the other people seeding that piece. So- Even if you could, would it not just be the case that the current first snatcher will snatch it from the new first snatcher(s)? The disproportion between seedboxes and domestic connections is big. If you upload, you will only be guaranteed that first snatch in ratio. On private tracker torrents with a slow initial uploader, you see a load of seedboxes inching towards 100%. It will still be they that share with one another and then grab most of the upload afterwards.
I'm guessing. It's been a while since the last one. Tracker is still up for me.
1) liberal 2) yes 3) no 4) yes 5) yes.
What % of your line speed do you get? You can absolutely depend on getting 1:1 ratio of course since you are the uploader. Then, against seedboxes, you will get almost nothing in the first rush. BUT, networks are funny things, sometimes if I am seeding a torrent from home and seedbox, the home one will up and not the seedbox. Whether or not, by slowing your upload of the initial torrent, you can up more during that initial phase, I don't know....I would not have thought it will make much difference, as the non-seedbox leechers will be uploading to the seedboxes. It's always said though- seedboxes move on to other torrents - so long-term seeding is the answer.
OK, looked now. People who do this deserve to have the same done to them, really.
Yeah, there's an Admissions office and they are st up to deal with this kinda thing.
There was both a pen AND a pencil in my booth. I don't think voter fraud is an issue. It would take far far too long to rub out those marks, and it would be hard to do so in public. Would be easy in North Korea, though.
I doubt it would have any effect at all, to be honest. Visa is all.
yes. Private exit polls have been commissioned e.g. by banks.
But what can we sell them? Apart from luxury brands,that are quite niche, we don't have much they want, whereas they have more or less everything we want.
Put incredibly crudely, yes, in the aftermath of WW2, societies and the children they had tried to provide a compensatory, good experience to the horrors of war that the parents' generation had experienced. I think Americans like to remind Europe of their financial contribution to this. I believe that globalisation, in terms of cheap but good manufacturing in the Far East and the consequent development of those economies and societies, are what have made these visions and aspirations so difficult for Western societies. It may well be that the more laissez-faire attitude of the British state has made the resulting society of today here less 'neat.' I mean, traditional Labour was actually a very conservative party, tied to traditional working class interests. Thatcher's government privatised and deregulated as a way of fending off the onset of globalisation; that made things less equal and less communitarian. New Labour then believed, I think, they could only take power by extrapolating those same values to a wider section of society. While they did have a heavy public and social policy agenda, they also had very strong free market values. So however there has been direction in public policy (e.g. we are good on our record of treating minorities well), there has not been any real thought given to resulting social inequalities. for example, i believe that in Scandinavia, the range of income/ wealth among people is narrower - so more people are living at roughly the same level, materially. I did benefit not only from free tuition but also student grants; however, the 'price' of this for the UK at the time was that very few could go to university. I already felt by the time of graduating that stable jobs were hard to come by. I didn't actually benefit from low house prices, and did move out of London partly for the much lower property prices.
Resolving this is going to be an interesting and bumpy ride.
Unsurprising the Lib Dems think the number of votes you get doesn't matter.
30
Sadly, banks make money from corporate customers, not from private individuals. If HSBC could shed ALL its high street customers, it would be happy. IMHO the world is a very bad place.
Are you male or female? Flu jabs only defeat ordinary flu, not the really horrible kind called "man flu."
I mean single vineyard or even single field stuff- e.g. Ridgeview or Nyetimber sparkling, which stacks up well against champagne, or Gusborne still white. I am childishly excited that one can go and visit vineyards /producers here as one does in France. Likewise, one can buy produce, (meat, fruit and veg) from defined farms and so on. But none of this is mass market or cheap.
Every? Which ones are you reckoning? It's an interesting point, actually. Historically, we have seen Parliament as expressing the Commonwealth- the will and the weal of everybody. So the big Civil War was indeed Parliament v the King. We haven't had the French thing of the people v the state divided quite the same way.
Actually, that's a good question. Who is more repulsive, Campbell or Boris?
Apart from everything else, though, she is not an MP in Westminster. She has her own job as Scotland's First Badass. It has crossed my mind though. She is the only person in the whole of this who seems a) to have thought it out beforehand and b) to know what she wants.
£14 a month is £2500 over 15 years. That's probably (minus excesses that can't be claimed) roughly what we've spent in vet bills. Also, once the pet reaches the age when illness is more common, the insurance starts not paying 100% of the claim. Pretty sure those vet deals are good though. We currently have 4 pets; only one has insurance. I think it's sod's law. Get the insurance, pet will be really healthy; don't and he/she won't.....
Nobody has any idea what will happen yet. Nothing like this has happened before. It seems likely Leave campaigned without thinking they would win. 'Pocket voting' would go down badly with the British people. or maybe not if it becomes really widely seen to be a mistake. Yes, nobody had any idea pre-vote, but now it seems no-one has any idea yet 3 days later......
Gosh! You mean she wants people in Scotland to ruminate on this and think: 'Wicked Westminster! Stopping us doing what we want to do! What a shame we are powerless! Hmmm. How might we NOT be powerless? Perhaps by being independent! Wow! Let's try and do that, then.'
Got a link? Cos what I heard is that Boris said we'd still have free trade with Germany and the German equivalent of the CBI said he was wrong.
Yeah, the other person and I are saying Sturgeon is totally playing the media here, so completely neutral reporting of what people say ends making the Scot Nats look better and better.
Hang on. Really? You know that 'plebiscite' is another word for a referendum-like vote? Did that person call them plebs- short for plebians- or was he really referring to plebiscites, in which case it is not derogatory at all, but just because they didn't want to keep using the word referendum? Reminds me of the paediatrician who got a lot of graffiti and abuse because they thought it meant paedophile.
It's monocultural/ racist distrust of both E Europeans and Muslims. Migrants from the Middle East arrive in the EU, and get leave to remain, then come to the UK. I would not like to say how rational, irrational or confused things have been for "ordinary" voters beyond that. There are obviously anecdotes that people thought Brexit meant even indigenous British Muslims could be deported back to Muslimistan.
People have no idea what they voted for.
Where are you in the country? That matters. What sort of property is it? older or new-build? What sort of area is it in terms of who will want to buy it on from you? As to whether you can negotiate any reduction, it all depends on the seller's situation. But there's the risk that you antagonise the seller and the estate agent, so it also depends who else is likely to come in for the property. No-one would have the foggiest how house prices are going to go over the next couple of years. They will certainly slow down, but that might also not matter for you- if you are going on elsewhere the price of what you then want will have adjusted similarly, unless you are moving to a very different part of the county.
Things tend to go up and down every day, because if things go down, people who trade actively come in for a bargain, and if things go up, they profit-take. However, I am grateful for any day of up.
Discussions like this between the two of you is why I love this subreddit and it's certainly my favourite corner of reddit. Good that after all the political distractions of the last few days, the key questions can be talked about again.
I'm with you in observing the extreme fussiness of cats. But apparently they say that in the wild, it is likely one type of prey is most abundant, so the kittens get used to that, know it is safe, and so have very specialised taste buds.
And actually, although I can't speak for the Dutch, the French are an arrogant lot also who hate us as much as we hate them, and so they are all a BIT like Marine Le Pen.
OK. Here goes. 1) In the short term, everyone KNEW there would be disruption, so the current downturn and the bad forecasts are just the price we pay for uncoupling. 2) The European project of greater convergence is not one that a majority of the UK population have really EVER believed in, since it was thought up and executed by foreigners, and above all for their benefit, to bring peace and prosperity to what was in the 20th century (and before!) a terribly troubled continent. Simply by being an island, we escaped some of the bad consequences of that and certainly the worst one- genocide. 3) We remain the best possible bridge between the big economies of the rest of the world and Europe. Our language and cultural traditions help; we are linked with all parts of the world already and can build on that. Take the analogy of the Pound and the Euro. We have benefited by not being linked to the currency troubles of the Eurozone. We are therefore potentially in a position to have a non-aligned, outward-facing identity as an entrepot and financial centre, while preserving our specialness, acquired through a very long independent history free from invasion. 4) In 5 years' time, we may therefore have recovered from the current looming problems and be in a position to inch ahead of Europe. 5) This depends on a very favourable outcome to the exit negotiations. For me, it actually means keeping the free market, but that's another story.
What do your family say about that racial vilification? Do they say it is happening?
I opened that graphic but it was almost exactly 50-50 with 71% neutral, is that right?
It's been mentioned that at half-time, when we were 2-1 down, WrightWrightWright, Lee Dixon and Crouchy were discussing whether Hart should be dropped for the quarter-final against France.
I mean, don't get me wrong. I think Cameron's attitude of 'You made this mess, you clear it up' is 100% right. But he certainly didn't say: 'If I lose, I will go.'
OK, it sounds to me solid enough, with the railway line into London but I agree the future status of London is an issue long-term. Have you checked what the property sold for in the past? You could factor in national movements over the last 10 yeas and see what has happened to it.
Here is the current topical example. You can see that at one level it's very mild (just verbal abuse and throwing beer) at another it is horrifying. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-36656382
Yup. Sykes-Picot. The ones who betrayed Lawrence of Arabia.
It's bad for OUR economy, that is the problem.
I think all English people can suffer discrimination on Western European countries. I'm grateful I speak various European languages (but especially French) with a decent enough accent that I am not thought to be English until I choose to reveal it. My SO (white British) lived about 10 years in Vienna in the 90s and thought that they were a pretty snooty bunch. She thought, as I did when I visited (not her, I didn't know her then), that the younger people were better. We've been there every year for the last 15 or so, and have kinda found that the younger people have turned into what their parents were like. Likewise, my uncle is Swiss-German, so I've been in Switzerland a lot. I find the Swiss a very stodgy people- pretty insular and narrow-minded- again I'm talking about interacting with them not in English. With both French and Italian people (I've lived in Italy), I've heard plenty of casual racism from white natives- not towards me, but in attitudes. Again, talking in French and Italian, not in English. I don't think anywhere is a paragon, but having spent a lot of time in various capacities in Europe, I'm happy sticking with Britain.
OK- one problem. Goods is not the issue. Our economy is only 22% goods, the rest (78%) is services. What we need is free movement of services and CAPITAL, because our economy depends on financial services currently based in the City of London. Customs Union will not be sufficient for us.
Other people have overseas territories too.
PM me if you get stuck when you have a slot.
Once he has learned to stop, reward him with a treat when you see him with the grandchildren and he is not doing it.
I love Helen Hunt, actually. Definitely my favourite Hunt.
Markets recovering: short term yes. Don't know how much the Bank of England has had to do. Also has to do with the fact the brexit trigger has not yet been pulled. Impossible to tell long-term. But yes, I'm grateful they are not lower. Pound recovering: no it isn't. If it goes back up to 1 dollar 50 we can say it's strong again. EU army: no views on that being bad anyway. Turkey; Germany, Austria and Switzerland have tons of Turkish Gastarbeiter and they are obviously doing OK. Faith in our country and its people: sadly, it's the vote itself that makes me lose faith the most. Irrespective of the economy and immigration, a lot of people clearly wish to feel separate from Europe. that makes me feel separate from them. For me it's trivially true the EU brings a ton of benefits, and that post-Brexit, it's the poorer parts of the UK that will suffer. If 17 million people think otherwise, I myself feel excluded and separate from my own country.
Usenet and Seedboxes are different things, Downloading from usenet uses your own bandwidth. Seedboxes are parts of servers somewhere else in the world from your own computer. they have their own connections and their own bandwidth. Their allowance is far higher than any normal person ever needs to use, so it's often sold as 'unlimited.' When you transfer things between the seedbox and your own machine, you DO use your bandwidth. But if you are torrenting from your seedbox, that does not use any of the bandwidth of your own connection. So, for example, if you were using a seedbox to gain ratio on private trackers, the upload you get from those torrents would not count against your home bandwidth, since it is somewhere else.
Yup. I read every word of your post and it sums up the current situation nicely.
The one I really remember is 1973, the 3 day week. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-Day_Week But maybe also 1978-9 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_of_Discontent
I remember we all crouched round candles. There'd be a schedule published in the newspapers as to when the power cuts were. Power cuts would be a nightmare today in the Internet age.
You are definitely at the right starting level if you are playing well enough. Did you get a distinction in Grade 8? That would be the sort of minimum baseline starting standard; then you would need some harder pieces for your audition. If you look at the ABRSM diplomas, the first one is a bit like a 1st year undergrad standard, the second diploma is like a final year standard and the fellowship one is like a post-grad. Without any doubt your best bet is to speak to admissions at all the places you could go to. I can't speak of S'pore, but in London there is a second tier of places that teach performance degrees that are not as hard to get into as the RAM/ RCM/ Trinity/ Guildhall and within each place the syllabuses also cater for a range of ability.
just brilliant.
Meanwhile- an image of the cat?
My girlfriend told me not to hoover or wash clothes (normally I would on Sunday as 9-5 Sunday electricity is free on the tariff I have). But I did have to sweep up some crumbs. I guess for hygiene reasons that is a good thing.
You really can't support more than one team in a given league. You can like some teams more than others. You can only hate a few teams. You can, in any given match, prefer that one team wins (I mean, when that match has no bearing on what is happening to your own team). But actually supporting a team is deep and tribal. It means everything to me if my team wins or loses. It doesn't make sense to be able to support more than one.
You have no idea? That is unacceptable! I visit this sub because you are the Guru here. You cannot let your followers down.
Because the pollutants emitted by diesel engines have recently been found to be worse than those emitted by petrol ones, so after years of being diesel being the good guy, it is now the bad guy.
Wait a minute though. Aren't you the person who complains about there being too much politics here and at the uk sub?
The fact you're glad "vvhat got rekt" is just sad. It makes you the kind of person who was pleased the Library of Alexandria burned down. Basically, what was an incredible resource, there was no library of music remotely like it anywhere else. (I have to say, rutracker does a great job as a public tracker). It had the rules it did to keep stuff being uploaded, to keep requests being filled and above all to keep stuff seeded for ever. We are lucky that new communities have arisen, but it will be a while before any of them can be as big or as good as what. Incidentally, plenty of what torrents (and other private tracker torrents) 'leaked' onto public trackers. Things were shared like that all the time.
It's more or less just a work-in-progress reconstruction of what so far. Most of the first wave were what refugees who were also well established in other trackers. So many had giant libraries already. I would say that has meant there has not been so much traffic yet as there might have been or will be.... It's too early to say how PTH or APL or anyone else will go; but PTH is certainly very faithful to the principles of what.
Well, I guess one of the good things about a movie is that you can't talk, so you can do something fun without there being too much pressure to get on together, and then you have something that naturally sparks the conversation. So it would better, IMHO, to have coffee/drink + movie + late dinner. If you kinda know you can easily have a conversation, then dinner on its own is fine, or other no-pressure activities- go for a walk somewhere nice, for example. Personally, I'd always go just dinner if it actually was a date.
It's not as knee-jerk as that. A lot of the economic news/ changes so far have come from the fall of the pound. That's made some things better (price of our exports cheaper). In general, most of the good or bad news is actually at the too early to mean anything' stage.
One other relevant point (I used to live in London for over 20 years) is that it is far away. Cornwall is furthest away you can go overland without going to Scotland. So it's more practical to go for 4 nights or more, whereas all of England and Wales is practical even for a normal weekend (leave Friday night, return Sunday night.)
Wait- are you saying seasonal workers can come here from the USA and work without formalities- or is it just that they can come as tourists? So far, anecdotally it is said EU agricultural migrant worker numbers are down in terms of who is already booking their slot for next year. Personally, I don't have the foggiest what will happen going forward...
It's bound to cost less to fix it yourself, as once you have handed it back, you are at their mercy what they charge. Or, to put it more 'officially', they will pay full whack to themselves and pass on the cost to you.
You probably will get answers here, but /r/london is the right place, plus it has a wiki.
Likewise, so, OK, I'll bite on that one. Not sure that in the last ten years, I can think of obvious long-term financial investments or ways of using one's money that are more rewarding or less risky than any other. The current financial environment seems so 'mature' that everything has got incredibly marginal, unless one is lucky. Amazon Prime? Yes, probably, if that's your lifestyle. A decent accountant? Definitely, but I don't think too hard to find. Trustworthy tradesmen? Yes, absolutely. But initially that might involve trial and error, since word of mouth is usually the best recommendation. Housekeeper? Get you!!
Gosh! I'm really surprised you are surprised to be greeted by strangers in the street, and yet are not in London. People are very friendly in Manc (I say this through gritted teeth, of course). I'm still wishing strangers 'Happy New Year' round here and they me.
My God! Just looked at his images. How right you are....
Yup. Here also (West Yorks), and in Lancs. But overall in the UK, the highest % are Bangladeshi.
If it works, it's safe. There's bib staff in this thread who have confirmed it was just an administrative glitch.
Did you mean pissing?
Beethoven Sonata Op 109.
Yeah, I love HomeSense (which as you no doubt know is the dedicated home brand of TKMaxx). I must say we got an amazing Wolford tights bargain on a rare visit to TKMaxx before Xmas, but I find it a pain trawling through how much rubbish TKMaxx has just in case there is a bargain....
Yes, our basic free-to-air service (but we pay a TV licence fee) gives you 70 TV channels and 30+ radio stations. If you pay for satellite or cable etc then yes, you get a crazy number. Seems similar in most European countries too. They often have multi-language populations and therefore it's convenient to have a lot of channels. Also note that some of our 'channels' are just duplicates on a time delay. I find this very convenient- I watch something by chance that has already started, then after it ends I can catch the beginning without having to program the PVR.
Well, the police are the people to whom you report either assault or criminal damage. You would need the number plate of the car. However, I initially thought that she had hit your car with her car in the manner of a road traffic accident. That would be a much more serious offence. It sounds as if this woman had some problems of some kind. What do you do with people like this? The mature reply is nothing. Life is too short and you have better things to do. A variety of childish replies also come to mind......
She might be ill. Worried people lash out. Or, indeed, she could be a nasty piece of work. Who knows?
OP said: "This is my first ever registration in the UK." So probably the people to whom OP has applied think there's a risk that OP does not exist.
Music Minus One and similar products.
I'm sure he was- those reports of him being a 'gloomy pessimist' chime in exactly with how I remember him.....if I extrapolate from the distant past (I saw him every day for 2 years and we were good friends). Managed to dig out my comment from when he initially resigned: "I've heard his name around the place and noticed the unusual name, but only when this broke did I look him up and find, yes, it's someone I knew very well as a student- a year above me, doing the same subject at the same place. He was a deeply pessimistic and grumpy sod even then, sitting hunched up in his grey flecked sports jacket, as if he had no neck. But in those days he was an extremely abstruse thinker who read an enormous amount of left-wing theory that was fashionable with more or less all of us. He was a bit abstruse for his teachers, but respected by all of us. I seem to remember also his love of theory cost him as good a degree as he deserved. Never knew what had happened to him; amazed that he had an entirely traditional career as a civil service mandarin."
Huh! I treat them like gold now they are not free. A lot of supermarkets have bins designed for plastic bag recycling.
I'm shocked and not shocked by how many of my friends have ended up in public life. When we were students, we looked around the hall and there were loads of portraits of ex-PMs. And we thought and said to one another that if this continued, there would be those among us that would be running the country. And that was a terrifying thought, because we knew we were all idiots and madmen. I would never have picked Boris to have the highest political profile of us though. Nobody would have believed for a moment that such a buffoon (he is unchanged) would have become Mayor of London.... EDIT: I should say that as students, we despised anyone who had political ambitions.
It's a trade-off. If it is an emergency, he comes round any day, any hour, no call-out charge. Doesn't even want to take any money. Apologises that you have a problem (though he is the solution, not the problem.) If it is NOT an emergency, he is hard to reach. Can only be relied on to pick phone up on Wednesdays. Has a shop (staffed by others) but they "can't ever reach him" either. You have to ring him to remind him he's due at your place.
I've wondered this, especially when they were £2.99 once at Aldi. I think they'd get mucky and be a pain to clean. I just stick some scissors up my nostrils.
You absolute fucking genius. I would never have thought of that.
Slightly misleading headline, not so much in terms of viewpoint but because it covers a number of pro-hard Brexit or pro-Brexit statements, but also the donor threat to stop funding the Tories if they reject soft Brexit. My prevailing impression is that we are now getting to Squeaky Bum time, as that famous football manager said. Where May can no longer just push the hard choices away.
Well, the first one that comes to mind is the Martin Bell v Neil Hamilton 1997, where Martin Bell stood against Hamilton to fight sleaze. The expenses scandal? otherwise, look this up: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_political_scandals_in_the_United_Kingdom
OK, well how do you explain it? It was very inconvenient when what cd closed, but the two main replacements seem to be doing very well. I'm not the right person to ask, as I'm not staff anywhere, so I don't know why Tolkein gets this treatment.
It's too simplistic to say that voting pro-Brexit was nationalistic. Insofar as we are nationalistic, it is more that we feel different from other countries and maybe suspicious of foreigners. People felt in some cases they didn't want foreigners telling us what to do, more than they felt there was anything so amazing about our country on its own. We don't parade our feelings for our country in the way you guys often, say, chant U-S-A. We are not at all nationalistic, in fact.
Why choose 2012?
The other thing is- I don't believe what she said and did before becoming PM is so significant. I have said a few times in this sub- I believe she is really strongly influenced by being a C of E vicar's daughter. She has a lot of 19th century social conscience beliefs, including social justice. If she manages to do this, I think it will be great. But a combo of Brexit and other interests in the Tory party may stop her. I do think she cares about poor and underprivileged people, and I'm not sure Cameron, Blair and Thatcher's governments did (though I'm inclined to think Major and Brown did).
I'm in the UK. Steinway don't do that here, nor does Boesendorfer or Fazioli. If you go in as a customer, you ARE a customer and you can try what you like. I've heard other people talking about the 'roped-off' pianos in Steinway USA. As you say, many music stores sell more than pianos- if you have a nice experience in the instrument bit, you might well buy other things in the other departments. But OP's situation seems to be different- they know he isn't a customer.
I did not realise there was ever real-time inspection. I thought it was just that people looked at the paperwork afterwards to check people who had not paid were entitled to claim them free.
Maple syrup! Yum.
Of course. Feel free to PM.
Well...they send physical letters like that with the fine warning. So an e-mail is no different.
Well- a lot of my suggestions are pretty touristy, but good.... Shopping: Harrods- Bicester Village Designer Outlet Have an English tea in Fortnum and Mason or at the Ritz. Good pub to eat: The Cow or the Westbourne in Notting Hill. Fish and Chips: best at the seaside or in Yorkshire/ Lancashire/ North East. Brighton (South Coast) is easiest seaside from London. A nearby castle: Windsor Castle or Tower of London. Warwick Castle is near Stratford. Highgate Cemetery (has tours)or London Dungeon. Stay in cottage: check out Alasdair Sawday Special Places to Stay. Veg food- a lot of South Indian stuff specialises in interesting veg. Ottolenghi is fashionable.
Source is Boris though. Make of that what you will.
Everyone should be told 'when to put rubbish out' but we generally know when to queue......
yes.
Sounds like she might be more suited to teaching younger children than you, for whom issues such as cadences and harmonies do not arise for several years. Yes, you would be better suited by a different teacher; that does not invalidate your lessons though. Getting into good habits is an excellent thing. 4 months is a tiny amount of time though, although it will feel much longer as a) you have been playing independently and b) you are old enough to have your own mind about these things. For me, it's more worrying that she doesn't know the answers to your questions than that she does not volunteer them as parts of your lesson. When I have taught in this sort of situation, I have taught as little theory as possible in situations where I know the pupil is learning it at school or otherwise in music lessons. Because duplicating the stuff they can learn elsewhere means they get less good value out of the lesson. And I've tried to do as much of it as possible as homework, again so that the precious lesson time is more efficient. But if the teacher does not know the things you want to know in the first place, that is not so good.
Even though most offenders will have been doing it knowingly, I think this is reasonable. It can be confusing. I was sceptical when the smart motorways came in, mainly because they created roadworks for years and years in some places. But they seem to work pretty well. My driving patterns have changed as well- when in lived in London, I appreciated unregulated motorways more because I lost so much time in jams inside London. Now I am outside London and traffic is generally fine, I don't mind my speed being cut by the matrix signs when required.
Yes, damn you from me too. I can't (or rather, I shouldn't, as I have a lot to do) get any food to eat for 6 more hours.....
Well, in some confeds it might become a bit silly, because it would be obvious (with seeding) which teams were likely to qualify. At the moment, European qualifying, for example, always eliminates one or more pretty good teams, that would happen less in the new system. Likewise 6 out of 10 are likely to qualify in S America.
KO starts with 32.
Well, it's touch and tone, but that is kinda everything. A piano is like a person. Touch = it does what you want. Action is light enough to give a fast repeat, but not so light that it does not help your strength. Tone= simply that it naturally produces the sound you want. If being able to play very softly is important- I definitely recommend Fazioli.
Trying not to have players having to play any more games.
Bridgestone is an excellent make. Formula 1 can't be wrong.....
After 25 years in London, think how I feel now living in W Yorks. Even in my 1.0 litre car, I can always leave the lights first if I need to....
Speaking as someone who is in your target area (I am non-aligned, and there is no certainty I will vote the same way as I did last time), what I would look for is a number of LibDem people impressing me about what they say and do not just about Brexit, but also about other major British political areas. If they appear strong enough on these, I'd go with that more than with carrying on thinking about the tuition fees thing. To me, the tuition fees thing is sometimes shorthand for 'sellout.' Farron has appeared better so far than I had imagined he would. It's a long time till 2020 if this government runs its course. Very different things from uni fees will determine who wins next time....
OK, well, I can say that someone I think of as a "friend" here (whatever that means, given everyone here is anonymous) is banned over at /r/askuk for his sense of humour (= I think, facetious responses to questions, especially from tourists and people not using google). If I wanted to be more sympathetic to mods, I would say they try and take care that by and large, people are not offended by what they read here, however much they agree or disagree with different opinions. Obviously it's tempting to make wisecracks and cheap shots in an Internet forum, and obviously some of those are bound to be misunderstood. Personally speaking, I write here exactly as I would speak and write IRL in public conversation and public discourse, and I try as much as possible to see other points of view than my own, or at least to see where those points of view come from. I don't feel I lose out by observing that level of courtesy to anonymous people; I feel everyone could do that.
1) In theory, the weather has suited the rhubarb. I read that rhubarb likes a cold snap at the start of winter (which we had here) and I have noticed that (as a result?) local forced rhubarb has appeared in the shops, much earlier than usual. But I also put in an asparagus crown, which 'does not like getting its feet wet' so I don't know how that is doing..... 2) My constituency as it currently is is one of the safest Labour seats in the country. As I think my local MP is good (Yvette Cooper) and the council is excellently run , I was happy to vote Labour last time. She got more than 50% of the vote... But they are taking my town out of its current constituency and mixing it with a bit of Wakefield suburbs and a bit of Selby. I don't know whether it will still be projected Labour, be marginal or predicted Cons. If Yvette Cooper stays on, rather than move to the other part of the constituency, then I will likely vote for her again. If we have a completely new set of candidates, I have a totally open mind.
Kitten-wise- seems to follow the same pattern (had several experiences of this)- kitten wants to be friendly, adult is less sure. Adult chases kitten a bit. Then things work out. introduce carefully of course! I think fighting + losing is bad. Our scared cats from present and past have always just run away. I'll have another think about it....
But as residents, we can only really speak from our first-hand experience of the system. Others, who are involved with government, or who work in the NHS, need to investigate this in a different way, no doubt. But your post and question was 'What is it like...etc?' and I have no reason to believe that anyone here is lying to you out of nationalism. How are you going to get people to answer except by their personal experiences and feelings? I can personally say that in the 50+ years I've been using the NHS, the provision is far in excess of my actual health needs. I've followed the healthcare trajectories of goodness knows how many people, including quite a few who were terminally ill. Also, some provision is for people e.g. I was once kept for 2 nights in hospital as a result of going to A and E. Apart from me (I had had a bad asthma attack), every single other person held overnight in the ward for each of those 2 nights was recovering from being drunk.
Bungalows are worth a lot now, because few are built, but old people love them for obvious reasons.
1) Interesting to anyone who eats curry. 2) Dunno what I feel about the article being so politicised (hard to get lower-paid curry chefs through the immigration barriers.) But the article correctly talks about another things- British people not bothered to train as curry chefs, including that second-generation or third-generation immigrant British Asians just do middle-class jobs. 3) Article says: The first wave of curry houses did a lot to educate British taste in food (esp. towards spicy). Now the double whammy of 'can't get the staff' and changing taste has ended that golden age. 4) Article is nostalgic, but also points out the good side- more authentic Indian cuisine is available. But it tends to be more upmarket. 5) The curry house also has many more competitors: a) other spicy cuisines that British people, partly through getting used to curry, also like to eat. b) supermarket ready meal curries. c) people cooking curries at home. tl;dr- what has happened to all other cuisines has also happened to Indian cuisine.
Better freaking out at an imaginary big cat than fighting a real smaller one and losing....
Hmmm. That might be a problem. I've been in that situation, but some years ago. It was Comet and they got me to send the laptop to the factory. It took about 2 weeks.
They are there to help you. They will be friendly and give you good advice, irrespective of anything they prescribe you to take or any other person they refer you to. There's a show on the TV at the moment: GPs: Behind Closed Doors on Channel 5. (fly-on-the-wall documentary). It is a pretty truthful representation, it seems to me, of what happens during a real consultation.
Not even close here, and none is forecast. But of course, go up 1000-2000ft to the top of the Pennines- different story - plenty I think on the M62. Snake and Woodhead are still open with care, but the notorious Cat and Fiddle Road is shut.
What's the story? Give us the details- hard to help you otherwise.
This post seems best in your second link: Simple appeal to PE Dear PE Re PCN ... date ... I am registered keeper of vehicle xxxx . I am appealing the issue of the above charge which does not represent a genuine pre estimate of your loss . Either cancel the ticket or issue a POPLA code . Yours Keep your powder dry and save the "relevant land" point for POPLA They should issue a code within 35 days , return when you get it or if you don't within this timescale . Before that you will get a load of bumph encouraging you to pay . Keep all correspondence . Get proof of posting of your appeal or if you do it online take a screenshot
"After fervent protests, the Forest of Dean shepherds have so far managed to hold off the council's plans to ban sheep from villages." Hmmmm.
That ask historians thread suggests the very simple answer that in the UK, the BBC was there first, and in the USA- commercial broadcasters were there first, so PBS puts out a lot of things that are equivalent to the BBC4+Open University combo here.
Enough to look nice though. Zilch here still.
Maybe it's worth looking into for you. Personally, I'd find the amount of maintenance it needs too much of a hassle, but you could sure live like a king and queen there. And it's not far to the Peak District really, either.
Plus the M1 has been much improved precisely in that area after years of pain. Go for it!
Actually, I'd say the first comment is not /s in Sheffield. I'd be suspicious of a Londoner up here and I lived in London for 20+ years....
Some of the people interviewed o the vox pop looked as if they were out of Benefit Street, tbh.
Because N.I could claim triggering of A50 is illegal unless also consented to by Stormont, which could not consent if it was not sitting.
I'm interested to read /u/buried_treasure 's comment that it's an ex-mining town and that is why it is the way it is, specifically that property is cheap. I live in exactly that sort of town, and it chimes in with a lot of these comments. 1) It's hard to regenerate such a town. 2) But if it has good transport links (and mine, Castleford, has some of the best connections to the road network in the country), then it becomes a dormitory. 3) It's hard for the previously desirable properties to sell. 4) Our lifestyle, as I commented elsewhere, suits this well- having spent 20+ years in London, it doesn't trouble us to drive 30 miles or so each way even to buy food, and having so much great countryside on the doorstep is fantastic, as well as a number of interesting cities (Leeds, Manc, Sheffield, York) and towns within easy reach. 5) If you, u/Wantang_Bob like to live like that, you could be fine in Sutton-in-A. I note that Chatsworth, with possibly the best food shop in the country, as well as the house and grounds, is only 23 miles away, and basically, that means you have the entire Peak District on your doorstep- your junction is the one for Matlock and the White Peak, and from 29 you get Hathersage and the Dark Peak. There are plenty of highlights within easy reach- you can eat at Sat Bains, buy your cutlery and glasses from David Mellor, there's also a good garden centre at Barlborough for your extensive grounds and you can furnish your house from Giltbrook and Crystal Peak. You are far enough north to sample the curries of Aagrah. Hardwick Hall is on your doorstep. These are all places I know about or have been to (e.g. not eaten at Sat Bains) just from living 14 junctions to the north of Sutton-in-A. There will certainly be a Nottingham Pets at Home for your cats, but I don't know where it is; however, the ones in Chesterfield and at Barlborough Garden Centre are really convenient for you. But none of those attractions are specific to Sutton, or even to Mansfield. 6) In general, people who can live in a nice house also like to live in a nice town or village, not in an ex-mining town. 7) For me, where we live is dormitory++, not dormitory. a) We are there for family reasons. b) I have loved West Yorkshire specifically and the North in general for many years, for personal and aesthetic reasons, so I am really happy to be an adopted Yorkshireman, and it gives me great pride to be able to have that identity. c) We happen to be in a really nice street with a brilliant community feel. d) My girlfriend is more conventional in wishing we lived somewhere like Ilkley instead (i.e. conventionally nice town.) e) Both my commute and any work, food shopping or leisure trips we do can almost always be done against the flow and therefore with no traffic, with a scenic route if we want it.
On the headline: I can't even muster any sarcasm. I'm just speechless. On the article: No sarcasm either. What is said there is just sad.
I'm not a Tory voter, and voting isn't tribal habit, but I would consider voting for them next time, depending on lots of different things, so I think your question is actually not easy to answer at this stage even for Tory voters.
I have to agree with you and several others here. The way in which the question is worded was provocative in a bad way. I'd not have answered (as I did not vote Tory in 2015) but the very fact OP asked it like that wound me up and made me feel I was duty bound to feel I was more likely to in 2020 also....
Yeah- I see where you are coming from and why you are asking this. But I have two responses, really. 1) is to expand your time-frame a bit. In 1997, Blair won the biggest majority ever in the Commons. You could as well ask, what has happened that this overwhelming support for Labour, that seemed at that time to be for ever, has gone away. It's clear, that if you go back only 20 years, people were talking of the Tory party as being gone for ever, and now you are treating them as somehow people who can't ever be shifted? 2) There is no typical Tory voter any more than there is a typical Labour voter. (Maybe there is a more typical LibDem or Green voter). It seems to me that there has for at least 40 years been Tory 'wets' and 'drys' - pro-Europe v anti-Europe more inclusive / caring about the less privileged v more individualistic. more metropolitan v more "countryside alliance." As far as personal freedoms go, I think people in the wider electorate are less bothered by the snoopers' thing than the reddit demographic. So that means, I would say- the way to win Tory voters to another party is for that party to present a strong and credible alternative vision of society.
NZ lamb is, as others say, huge in the UK. But you have a Scottish flair. Here in Yorks Scottish lamb is often available and is good. especially so-called 'North Highland' lamb. It may be that your lamb is SO local you don't need to see so much N lamb.
Or do it all by hand....
1) Terrible disappointment!! When I was next at the farm shop, they confirmed that the forced rhubarb was early because of the cold weather in November. But looking at the bottles of rhubarb gin and rhubarb schnapps- they ARE made the same way as sloe gin, and I confirmed this on line. You get the gin or schnapps and you pour it over some rhubarb in a jar and leave it to infuse for however long is right..... 2) We did actually go to a greyhound rescue centre this morning. I can see why whippets are popular, since they are smaller, but greyhounds are lovely dogs. However, we can't have one, and not just because of our lifestyle - our grumpy cat from Barry would not tolerate a dog.
2000? More like it's not 1970.... The thing is, if you are stressed about it working out or not, or being rejected or not, you kinda load the dice against yourself. Just be open, many of the best meetings I have had have been friends of friends or contacts of contacts. When you meet someone, don't think: 'What can I get out of this?' or 'I want to date her' or 'I want/ don't want to be his/ her friend'- just see everyone for who they are and see where it leads.
It's your eye for Photoshop opportunities turned to words.
I don't think it's that actually. I've posted here frequently that I am a great supporter of May, but I too think it's a very funny photo, as is the one from about a day before where her hair is going all over the place as if she's in the middle of a blow-dry. I think "the great and the good" are probably fair game when a photo goes slightly wrong, though I'm not actually in favour of things like the political use of bacon sandwiches.
Ah. That is not the point I thought the person was making. I thought they were saying that because IKEA stuff is cheap and disposable, a lot of it gets disassembled (which is obviously very easy to do) and thrown away, whereas more expensive furniture would be kept and looked after, or resold.
Because it was not as bad as currency markets had feared.
What good is it to pretend it's someone else's bear?
What people is saying is that ultimately, you buy a house to live in, not as an investment. I'd say- the pound is low enough and the property market here is stable enough. For sure I'd go for it.
Yes, of course.
At 1421 you would be lucky to have got as far as catching the tube at Heathrow. The first train you could reasonably catch (assuming an advance booking to get a good price on the ticket) would be going after 1600.
I believe that in the 1970s, Leeds was designed for good car access. Again, the geography of the towns immediately either side of the Pennines creates loads of blockages. Huddersfield is bad, so is Oldham. The problem with the M60 is also that as it is circular (!) a problem one way sends all the traffic going round the other, guaranteeing a jam the other way....
Comments so far have missed that this article was written on JULY 12 2016.
You could think of it as someone reading out your comment there. You are the writer of it, so in some ways, if you read it aloud, your timing and emphasis would be the most 'authentic.' But then let's say lots of others read it out too- every one will do it differently. Written-down music can give you lots of guidelines and instructions beyond how to read out these written words, but every performer has to 'make sense' of the music as if it were sentences and paragraphs, so every performance will be infinitesimally different, if not more so. It is definitely usual that people speed up and slow down, e.g. just within a bar, just as when they speak, they might rush a phrase or slow down for emphasis. The trick with music is to do so in a way that gives the music more meaning and does not sound artificial / contrived.
I think both give the UK a few more cards to play with. That's as far as I could go, but I'm not the guru here.
Actually. it is unclear whether A50 is revocable and various people, including Tusk, has said it is. As no-one has ever done it before, there are no precedents of any kind.
Well, one reason would be that the whole 'Can we back out legally?' thing was not discussed till after the vote. I think Cameron was 100% right to resign but not to trigger. Had he been PM still, he would have been a laughing stock to the other EU people and completely without credibility. He'd said to them: 'Give me XYZ and I will deliver you a big referendum win.' What an idiot he then looked afterwards. It was right for the next government to make the decision how to play things.
Huh? I can't see this- website says 'Not accessible from the UK' Maybe a tl;dr?
/r/britishproblems isn't bad. Some threads on /r/askuk are excellent.
Just before Christmas, I went to buy some veg 100 miles south of me from a farm in south Leicestershire. I could no believe how big and juicy everything was compared to what is grown in Yorkshire (including in my garden). The growing conditions (soil + weather) were clearly completely different. Yes- East Anglia can be really dry. Good for wheat and barley, crap for a lot of other things...... As for west of the Pennines- yes- it's wet, and it makes veg tasty in a different way!
I'm guessing that stores know sandwiches sell mainly first thing for people picking them up on the way to work or whatever, and then actually at lunchtime, when people come out of work and just eat them immediately for lunch. So maybe, as /u/syrupdash says, each store knows roughly how many should sell by any given hour, and therefore when to start reducing them, as they absolutely have to be gone off the shelves one way or another so the next morning's batch can be put out.
Jysk exists in the North! In fact their Head Office is near Manchester. I only know them because I'm in the North. https://jysk.co.uk/stores-and-opening-hours Quick look says Ellesmere Port, Bolton, Blackburn, Dewsbury, Pontefract and York. It would appear, however, that though there are Hemas here, there are none north of Birmingham New Street.
Off with your head!!
Well, you are right, I think. The whole thing is going to happen in slow motion. The problem is, I think Brexit affects us all personally in one way or another, and as such, it is far more immediate and less remote than most political things. In almost all my life, I've been lucky enough to have been able to live my own life largely separate from politics, to have politics as something I want to be interested in and informed about, but not something that is always with me. I think, in part, that is because ever since Thatcher, more or less all governments have had their hands tied by globalisation, and have just (with some shades of difference) done what they have had to do. Now there's been a vote (and I think, a similar one in the USA) that is 'against the current.' This puts our government in a very difficult position. It also brings to the fore as political and public differences things that are usually able to be kept amicable, open to disagreement, or simply hidden between individuals. But I think it is really the case that feelings are strong on a personal level between being pro-Eu and being anti-EU. I regret I see no escape from all the disagreements you mention. However, we don't know how things will turn out in these years. I think if they turn out pretty well or pretty badly, then there will also be a softening of these differences one way or the other. I am not going to give up hope yet.
I try not to buy supermarket meat unless I have to. I suppose I most often go the farm shop(s), where they are either selling their own meat or that of a neighbouring farm, ditto with the veg. I do trust the butcher I go to, for example, he makes all his own bacon and ham, and so on, but the quality is not quite as even as the best farm shops. He is a second-generation butcher- his father had the shop before him, he is himself coming up to retirement, and he does seem pretty serious about the meat and to hang it properly. It's all about taste for me, though - more or less with all the produce I buy.
Apparently (in the article) also it's become easier for the Chinese to get tourist visas here.
Absolutely fine. 2 years is plenty to learn a lot of things. As you are an adult, you then have plenty of ways to progress on your own.
I guess it's supply chains....Morrison's was out of courgettes but broccoli was still normal price. The farm shop was still selling some of its own stuff and the forced rhubarb season has started extra early. This is my first year for garlic....but with garlic and chillies you can flavour more or less everything.
Taster!! Well- actually gonna say no on this one. But I see what you mean. I think this is just the really bad weather and it's very unusual for S Spain. I think in season, veg is very cheap- the price could rise a fair bit without affecting people much (that is if cost of production rises domestically and prices charged to us in Euro rise). I do understand that all our pickers are from the EU, though, more or less. So that is a different but related issue. If less veg gets produced domestically though, it will just be imported. Some soft fruit businesses would in fact just move abroad.
Did you read the article, because that is the source?!
It was an allusion to this, from OP: "God you lot moan a lot, this is a good thing is it not? Every comment is someone moaning about it, and now I'm writing a comment moaning about the moaning."
I agree. In one of the few conversations in real life I've had with a Leave supporter, I suggested that the choice to Leave was to be "poor but happy." That's one reason it would be much easier for an older or retired person to have chosen 'Leave' - a 5 or 10% hit to their living standards, even more, would not matter much. It's people who are aspiring, who can see they will have to pay more out in the future (e.g. for their children), during a period of economic readjustment, turbulence, whatever, who would be more concerned to take the risk in purely economic terms. I also agree with the second quote in the article: "The sad thing is that I believe that, at the end of the day, that net immigration into the UK will not come down, because also in the future they will need many workers also from Eastern Europe to fill the many vacancies," said Rutte. Personally, I think the immigration thing is a red herring. I don't see, with an ageing population and low unemployment, who is available to do all the work if we don't have immigrants. All the more if it becomes less attractive for British people to retire abroad to more sunny places, because access to foreign health services may become less straightforward. I think the thing about globalisation is that it's bigger than all of us. But I can see that feeling the UK has the theoretical ability to control migration is important to a lot of people.
Indeed. As far as I can tell from the article, retail does NOT include online.
There are definitely pineapples around in secret. This is from: http://www.londonmylondon.co.uk/ "Nobles [are] prepared to pay the equivalent of £5,000 apiece for them to impress guests at their dinner tables."
My girlfriend is a bit claustrophobic. She doesn't like using lifts, or even locking the door if she's in a public toilet (severely limiting what public toilets it is reasonable to use). For the years I knew her and we were in London, this was solved by my just driving her everywhere.
I mean as good pound for pound! The point is that british fizz (as yuk, it's going to be called, i believe) is only going to try to compete for the higher end of the market. There is no chance for many many years we could ever make cheap sparkling. Cava is to be had for £5-6 here , but it is not very good. There's always champagne to be had at £9.99 here somewhere on offer, but likewise, it is not very good. I've not looked into why French (still) wine has gone up in price in the UK, but it certainly has in the last 20 years. I can get an excellent bottle of English sparkling here for about £16-17 (though by no means everywhere- because a lot of the producers are small). Champagne is often reduced or on offer, or even just regularly at £12-13, but it's difficult to get good real champagne for under about £25 IMHO. I know that things like Nyetimber have done very well in blind tastings against comparable champagnes. At full retail, Nyetimber is expensive at £35-40, but on offer for £25, which it often is, it is a bargain. I used to drink a fair bit of good Burgundy and Bordeaux. Most of all if I drove over and bought it from the producer (easier in Burgundy where the producers are much smaller on average, but still OK in places like Pomerol which are "democratic" villages). But buying a good bottle from Pommard or Volnay is going to cost at least £30 in the UK now. That's a lot. And it feels even more if you buy a bottle that isn't as good as you hope. So I barely ever drink good Burgundy or Bordeaux any more. Although I must say, if I were in London, which I was for 20+ years, and had a closer relationship with a wine merchant/ wine seller that I really trusted, I could go with their judgments on what was good value. There is a small amount of really good English still white. If it's a producer I know is very reliable, such as Gusborne, I'll buy it at £20. But I suspect it will be a while before there is enough quantity for any English still to be worth exporting. AFAIK there is no good English red yet- more climate change will be needed.
A lorry driver who frequents this sub has told me that one source of problems is that foreign lorry drivers come over and are allowed to drive when their qualifications (licences to drive this or that type of truck) have come from much less rigorous testing/ instruction than is required here. I'm sure that's true, though of course it depends on a future UK government clamping down on those sorts of things.
I think there are some parts of the UK where it has had a more innocent usage just as an idiot, but I think it's universally paedo now.
I must say at this moment to a person that is Italian: Better an HDD avalanche than a real one. Like you, I am an HDD freak. However, I have managed to get as far as buying furniture with lots of little drawers, so one or two HDDs can go in each.
That's it! There's the spirit! You're fitting in straight away.
But do you think those deals will have been negotiated in secret? (in order to be ready). Or do you think both parties will just arrive at that point with what they want from free trade? Because free trade doesn't mean 'no rules.'
Yup, sounded like a 'humble brag.'
I think this is on the lines of one reason why Trump won- that though he was and is inconsistent, bonkers, offensive and basically said whatever came into his head, people believed that he meant (and means) everything he says, and enough of the USA thought: 'let's give him a chance.'
Becomes a bit like watching motor racing for the crashes or show jumping for the fences down- only when it all goes horribly wrong e.g. famous Gordon Brown incident does it depart from the 'inoffensive.'
a) i've driven about 20-22000 miles per year for the last 25-30 years in whatever car I've had. b) My experience is that mpg figures manufacturers give are pretty accurate. My car has a reasonably easy life (few traffic jams) so I get nearly 60 mpg as an average (not at the moment, because it is cold). c) Very easy to do some research with maagzines (print and onlie) like What Car? and Auto Express. They do zillions of comparative reviews between cars in the same class.
According to Miguel Otero-Iglesias, a member of the main foreign affairs thinktank Real Instituto Elcano: “The time when the British empire used to decide the rules of the game was back in the 19th century.”
Well, they are perfect for villains in American films because then the villain can be foreign. Dunno how much further it goes than that in Hollywood. EDIT: Note there are TWO separate issues: 1) in a British context (e.g. a programme made here), villains are typically RP speakers not with regional accents (regional accents, more trustworthy) 2) in a Hollywood context, villains are often Brits. Note that typically (especially for TV shows), Brit actors are asked to speak in really hammed up accents.
If you are into it, the detail and subtlety of the 5 day form make it top for someone like me. But one-sided or very batting-dominated matches can be dull and pointless. OTOH a draw in the context of a series need not be boring- it can sometimes be a heroic defence that works out (like Rorke's Drift in sport) or doesn't (The Alamo). However, there is no doubt that a majority of people feel like you. 1) 5 days is too long to watch for anyone who works. 2) the drawn-out drama does not appeal to everybody. So yes- the one day and 20-20 forms are more popular.
Oi! Donny Dog will bite you!
If you can get a file cabinet with a lot of small flat drawers, that is best. Here are some completely random results from Google. Nice cat BTW. You paid the cat tax! http://musicworks.stores.yahoo.net/shmucabugu.html http://www.valiantmusic.com/cabinets.htm
Yeah, but I think this isn't the right sub. Try /r/seedboxes. Potentially Chmuranet does it. Have a search in there before you post also- I vaguely remember other people have wanted this service.
IMHO you are employed in your first job, AND self-employed in your weekend one. Your self-employment relates to the event work and your employment is the 16 hour per week thing.
Yes- if OP is in at a junior level and the others are in more responsible positions, they might not have any real idea of hours as such, more of of tasks/ projects. Another thing is that it might be easier to commute at certain hours than others. Round here, if a journey is made just 15 minutes earlier or later, let alone 30 minutes, it can massively improve or lengthen the journey time. I'd far rather work an extra 30 minutes and have a quick journey home/ a seat on the train.
I've seen them at numerous shopping shows like Spirit of Christmas. It's run by a very nice married couple. We've got several suede things from them.
No, they do not. But now they know who he is, maybe they can piece it together.
What if you are a Remain farmer? The NFU backed Remain.
Stop Press! Old Grumpy Tory Is New Hero Of /r/unitedkingdom Shock!
IMHO the leafleting and doorstepping are still the most needed things. Almost all cultural organisations suffer from being top-heavy and lacking people willing to do the boring and repetitive stuff. What sort things do you have in mind? Maybe in time, when most voters principally communicate using social media, things will change. But that is a long way off as yet. Another thing- if you have skills at analysing and writing/ speaking, you will express them naturally as part of our political activity - you can write a blog, or speak at meetings etc. They do not need tp ask for volunteers.
server issue. it's ok.
Well, this is a BIG question. Yeah, this is how a lot of right-wing thinking is- that if you give the service to a specialist, they can do it cheaper than a generalist. Instead of the state trying to do everything, each sector gets run by separate firms, that can also compete to drive prices down. But as they are doing it for profit, but performing a public service, then you need to have really good regulation (Ofcom, Ofgen, allof them). The question is where you draw the line. People generally have got used to energy and telecoms being private. People are not sure about the railways, but they were really bad before, so that hinders the 'renationalise' argument. People generally wouldn't want the armed forces to be a load of mercenaries or the Police to be done by G4. So....how about the NHS? Well, it does happen a lot (e.g. a hospital contracts out loads of operations and procedures. My mum-in-law had some physio- some of it was from an NHS outfit, and some was contracted to a private firm). But then you say: 'OK, how about giving the whole budget to a private hospital and letting them decide? How about having the staff all employed by private firms?' So you get issues like- 'Will the private firm think about profit too much?' 'Will there be no loyalty to the NHS itself if the staff are not directly employed by the NHS?' The NHS (and related things like social care) is/are used as a political football all the time.
Hahahha. You'd think Obama could have afforded to give Brown a DVD machine also. How about Yo Blair's jumper for Bush, though? He chose it himself, Mr President.
Last few games have been profoundly depressing (lifelong fan, long before I moved to where my flair says).
£1 a day is almost exactly what we use. It's a house, not a flat, but no electric heating. We have one electric heater, which I run on Sundays when the electricity is free on my tariff. but it uses less than 5p an hour. So you are probably paying correctly.
It could be nothing, but you must see a doctor. It might not be serious. An older family member had a cough for 6 months a few years back, but it cleared up and touch wood, never came back. Better safe than sorry. In the possible case you have a low-level infection, having it swan around your body unzapped can cause longer-term issues. Just get it checked to make sure nothing is going on.
If you have not yet seen the Bent own goal in Derby v Leicester, it is required watching! Another one to treasure for a lifetime.
In my experience they are pretty crap. If you are in Cambridge (your last post about dropped kerbs suggested that) the market is pretty hot, so estate agents can do nothing and get away with it. BTW there is no 'real' in normal British English usage?
Welll....if you add May it's the Gang of Four. And with Xi of China it would be The Mighty Handful.
Hmmm. Knowing a lot of stuff good for pub quizzes is not that helpful as a way of getting good 'general knowledge.' If you know about politics and history (and, one guesses from your username, sport) all you have to do is extrapolate them - the concepts and examples will be numerous in your mind already. I guess trying to understand science-based knowledge is always good for people with a humanities background.
You were the first to comment. I would have to say, this thread is a mouthwatering mix of images for anyone who likes nice countryside.
Assad and Mugabe would do it.
Bloody hell, I remember that poster! But I vaguely feel this was something else.
Well, by your flair, pre-1974 would be far enough back. I'm used to how big or small West Yorkshire is now; not till the other day did I check the boundaries of the old West Riding and realise how big it had been to the NW, let alone that it included the then non-existent South Yorkshire area. I bet there was a lot of grumbling when it was broken up (I've only lived here 4 years).
Actually, /u/HumaidDaWorld , when I lived in London, the nearest decent Indian restaurant was owned by a Pakistani man who was from Blackburn and was a passionate Rovers fan. He never experienced any racism as we were all too busy teasing him about Blackburn Rovers. I didn't know him in 1995- I guess he was top dog for a year then. In fact, now I think about it, he had the signed shirt from that year framed on the wall. One of the odd and sad incidents round there was the Tamil owner of the Mini Market complaining to me that the Hindu owner of the newsagent wouldn't sell him the business out of racism, when both men seemed to me really gentle, sweet people.
Dark joke. I see what you did there.
As I said to the other person, it's probably a function of my age that I don't especially like 'East Asian' - in fact, before discovering reddit, I had not even come across it. I grew up with 'Oriental' and didn't ever think of it as pejorative. There are tons of Chinese restaurants called Oriental this, Oriental that.
Did you say sorry?
Argos website says they will send it off for assessment, and likely repair or replacement.
I'm really disappointed no-one has *picked up* this thread yet for bad puns.
That makes the match an indoor one though. It is believed, for example, that Federer has done better in indoor conditions precisely because lack of wind etc made the bounce and flight 'truer.' It's part of sport though, that chance has a role to play.
Of course, it may also be that some of those most vocal in their support for all these three positions have not thought things through about consistency. They may want Remain because they see it as leading to greater prosperity and greater opportunities for themselves, they may take the regulatory and jurisdictional side of the EU as necessary baggage. Then they choose Labour because they see the redistribution of privilege as good, being on average, young and maybe not so privileged. Finally, their lifestyles are very much online, and tolerant of porn and drugs, so they are against oversight in all those three things....
I suppose there must be a few schools local to the major British Chinatowns. There is a Japanese part of London in North Ealing, a Koreatown in New Malden, and so on. But they are very small in terms of numbers compared to the obvious ethnic areas. Plus a lot of these people are actually foreign and studying and working here before returning, not British-Japanese etc etc.
Yeah, shame, but I too have reported it for this.
What can we do? EU is gonna be lukewarm to us at best. India wants free movement of some kind. Brazil is beyond corrupt. Chinese have just been and were brown-nosed; have to wait to do that again. Who else is left?
I am not an expert- I know very little about digital pianos. OK, I suppose this is because ultimately, people (unless they want to be -say- a rock keyboardist always on synths) see the piano as fundamentally an acoustic instrument. 1) With an acoustic instrument, the overtones interact with one another on the sustain and in chords in a natural way, given you richer and more complex tones. The digital piano has to try and emulate this with software. 2) Playing an acoustic piano is a mechanical action, and the keys are differently weighted according to the strings (bass strings are heavier). If you only play unweighted keys, you can never get the 'feel' and muscle strength required on an acoustic keyboard. The weighted keys give you the chance to vary the pressure and therefore the volume and tone colour. Beyond knowing the notes, this awareness of tone colour and sound production is critical in making the piano sound beautiful. It's kind of the difference between taking a great photo and photoshopping it. Reddit is an Internet thing, and consistent with that, a lot of people here are playing digitals or are self-taught. I am used to an older world where people just have acoustic pianos and take piano lessons.
Syria Iraq Iran Sudan Somalia Yemen Libya.
Well- those are limited to a max size though.
My constituency is going to have a boundary change. I do not even know whether it will become a marginal. Currently I live in one of the safest Labour seats in the country and I really like my MP, so no contest! But I have no idea whether my MP will end up standing for the other part of the new constituency.
No, you're right. Anglican is Anglican. Although I elaborated a bit to the other person that it's a broad church. The link is just some bitterness from Gove caused by May telling him to eff off.
It's a UK subs meme caused by: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskUK/comments/5p3aj5/serious_do_you_have_pineapple/ (this link already posted by catpeeps.)
I think that's a good question. But, along with 99% of stuff to do with Brexit, I think the answer is that no-one has any idea. I could not possibly predict what a deal will look like, and conversely, I can't imagine how much of a pain no deal would be either.....
I think this comparison is tendentious at best and ridiculous at worst. First of all I have to say that late 1943 or early 1944 is NOT 'the start of WW2' - it is a time when it was already clear Germany would lose. Second, it is clear people were actually trying to KILL Hitler, and it was legit for him to be a bit careful. It was quite obvious that May had everything to lose and nothing to gain from the debate and it was a correct decision, tactically speaking, when originally taken. Since then, the wobbliness of the Tory campaign has put a question mark over whether she should have appeared. But overall the 'banana skin' risk IMHO was much greater than the certainty of taking some criticism. Political activists are and will be up in arms at the no-show. But most voters are much less politically engaged than that. My family was watching BGT and though I caught a few minutes of the debate driving home from work, that's all I've had time to hear or look at. Over the context of the whole campaign, yes, it will lose May a few votes, but not nearly as many as a big gaffe would have done. Yours is the sort of post that is going to end up in /r/badunitedkingdom.
Bear (!!!!!!!) in mind that Chairman May is *literally Hitler* so you have lots in common now. See this illuminating link: https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/6eldws/theresa_mays_failure_to_appear_reminds_me_of_ww2/
He's my friend, so I'm going to defend him. First of all, by putting it so emotively, you antagonise people who might put a contrary point of view in a less hostile subreddit. /u/Bell_Whiff is young. He does not conform to the stereotype of the pensioner Tory voter. I say it's a shame the likelihood of being insulted for his political beliefs silences him. Second you make the sub look bad in conforming to the stereotype of bashing non left-wingers. Others have already said in this thread why people vote Tory. But for me (though I am not voting Tory, my vote is going on local and personal loyalties), the usual opposition is: Tory- more concerned with a) protecting what is good from being eroded and b) growing the economy to have more to spend on public services. Labour- more concerned with redistributing what there is, and investing for a better future in particular for the underprivileged. On top of this, you have questions of competence. This may go down to very intuitive views of how you see politicians as competent or not competent. We can say that before the campaign, May rated far higher than Corbyn with neutrals. Over the course of campaigning, May has gone down a certain amount and Corbyn has come up a certain amount. Finally, to pick up the start of what I said, by putting the least favourable interpretation on certain aspects of public policy, all you do is close down debate.
All editorialised titles get removed if reported. It is not a party political thing about the Conservatives at all- I am neutral as a mod and actually IRL I do not have ANY party loyalties either. I don't have ANY objection to the substantive content of your post 362 is a majority of 74; I suppose we could differ on whether that was huge or not. But people were certainly speaking bout 3 figure majorities when the election was called.
Actually, one of my grandparents has been dead for 93 years.
It would be deeply crap if Labour, as one of the two parties with any chance of winning, spoke in terms of being in a coalition before the election was actually held. After the election, if the Tories do not have a majority, I'm sure all bets are off for everyone.
I'll have a look now, but if you are going to be rude, I'd rather you just PMd me all your insults.
Oh yes, definitely appropriate if they are not already accompanied. Gallantry in the young always goes down brilliantly with the elderly.
I must admit, that was my first thought!
I only know a similar story- Dinu Lipatti's final recital. Lipatti is usually thought of as one of the greatest of all time, and he died when only 33. His final recital came when he was already very ill. "Lipatti gave his final recital, also recorded, on 16 September 1950 at the Besançon Festival in France. Despite severe illness and a high fever, he gave superb performances of Bach's Partita No. 1 in B-flat major, Mozart's A minor Sonata, K. 310, Schubert's G-flat major and E-flat major Impromptus, Op. 90, and thirteen of the fourteen Chopin Waltzes which he played in his own integral order. Coming to the last one, No. 2 in A-flat, he found he was too exhausted to play it and he offered instead Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring, the piece with which he had begun his professional career only fifteen years before."
Sir Andy Murray might be able to wipe out the others with exploding tennis balls before they came close enough to lop his head off.
That one seat being Maidenhead, right?
Watership Down!!!
Beginning of the year.
I volunteer for bushtucker trials.
Electorate average age is between 46 and 47 I believe.....
Are you not British then? 1) This sub is very left-leaning, so it tends to be rude about right-wingers. Also this sub tends to be pro-EU and it is widely believed Boris campaigned to Leave not because he believed in it, but because he thought a narrow loss would be good for his own chances of becoming PM. 2) I haven't seen Boris since those days, but I suppose he's OK. I've met plenty of politicians over the years- they are ALL OK socially, though obviously I liked some and not others.... 3) It's Oxford University. But at Oxford and Cambridge the colleges have quite a lot of autonomy and individual character- for example the college and not the university organises your teaching. So if someone goes to Oxford or Cambridge, their college is also usually included in the description of their education. 4) No deputy leader? Yeah- it's optional, I guess the PM and the cabinet (ministers) run everything, and so if there is no deputy, they just get Minister X or Y to do something that the PM cannot. As we exceptionally had a coalition from 2010-15, I guess they made a bigger thing of the leader of the junior partner in the coalition being the deputy PM.
It's true! I am often criticised when I do the salute. Even though I do try and shout 'Sieg Heil!' at the same time. Perhaps I am not clicking my heels enough.
Very very good point, IMHO. Yes, though Vince Cable was business secretary (minister) in the coalition and often speaks of economically liberal policies, yes, everyone thinks of their social policies first. But probably this is because of 'first past the post.' Historically, the LibDems and the Liberals before them had a much bigger % of the vote than % of seats. So they were a party of 'intelligent protest.' Now, given that the Conservatives were economically liberal anyway, the focus of protest was social change, not economic change. If you are economically liberal and not socially liberal, you just can vote Tory.
Not at all- there just happened to be a thread to help people with exams. Most people are working age there- probably older than here if anything.
You can't ask for links in this sub, sorry. Try the "links" links in the sidebar - para 9.
Yup, voting Leave for the bantz. You got it in one and so did the redditor you were replying to.
Hmmm. Maybe older people have more interaction. They often escalate problems not sorted out at councillor or non-political level to their MP. These are very seldom anything to do with party politics. They can be completely individual stuff handled at the MP's surgery.
Sorry- editorialised title- is it OK if you copy/ paste it into OP's resubmission when it appears.
Ask /u/thesingingquaker She is a very young person who has recently finished working at KFC before being about to go to uni. Actually, I think she posted a very nice/ funny rant about it in a sub called "rants from retail" or something like that. EDIT: Yes, here it is- I was on the floor laughing. https://www.reddit.com/r/RantsFromRetail/comments/6dyzjo/im_quitting_the_land_of_fried_chicken_after_five/
Sorry, no asking forlinks. See other possible subs in sidebar.
Yeah- I'm sorry it took me ages to reply- I was more or less AFK all Sunday. Basically, what I saw was Piers Morgan and Susannah Reid interviewing a guy called Adam Deen, an ex- / reformed extremist. (among plenty of other things) he said that basically, a lot of Muslims were themselves ignorant of the different doctrinal currents within Islam. Everyone wondered why on earth extremist mosques are not simply banned. I am sure the question is now a big and public one.
You'll find this question asked quite frequently. Personally, I find that not choosing a single source is best. Apart from the BBC, the FT is pretty reliable, though tilted towards the business community. The Economist is pretty liberal/ centrist. Of the papers, the ones that used to be the broadsheets are: The Times- centre-right; Daily Telegraph- old-fashioned right; Guardian - metropolitan left. The Independent has become online only, and perhaps as a result rather clickbaity and lefty. Personally, I do judicious browsing of /r/unitedkingdom (left majority) and /r/ukpolitics (usually rightist, but a bit brigaded by the left in these few days up to the election.) But actually, I'm pretty happy with the BBC. Our television news is required to be impartial- so all the main channels (BBC, ITV, Sky, Channel 4,) do good news programmes IMHO.
ALL local newspapers do this.
I have no way of telling. I just respond to how things look in individual threads, and in what the post histories of the people seem to be like. Many posters here are regulars, and I know plenty from the other, non-acrimonious UK subs; so I know those people are 'regulars guys' to use the Americanism. Otherwise, I just do the best I can. In this case, I could see your posts to him, but I could not see what you alleged he had written in the past. But I'm sad about it, because the Falklands War was an emotional subject for us, and clearly personally significant to /u/ill_tonkso through his father's service. Certain incidents in the war that cost lives- the deaths from the attack on Sir Galahad and the death of 'H' at Goose Green, remain deeply felt losses among those that remember the war happening. So I'm sorry we are arguing about this and not about the adaptation of Falklands veterans to civilian life (obviously Simon Weston is the most famous case).
Well, to me the flaw in the slogan was that 'The Few' means the RAF pilots of the Battle of Britain to me. The weirdly similar Conservative slogan 'for everybody, not just the privileged few' does not have that effect on me because they put an adjective in. I suppose, as usual with everything, this just dates me. It means WW2 isn't in the forefront of the minds of young slogan-inventers.
Oh, sorry. I meant he was worried that Labour would win, since then things would be better for the many, but not for him, since he was one of the few.
Sure- I suggest you post it as a self post with a link in your text.
Pirated content cannot be discussed in this sub. But there is no good answer to your question anyway, since things are different in every case. You might like to look at /r/trackers for a more specialised answer.
Wow! absolutely magnificent. I have spinach, lettuce and rocket doing really well. Carrots and broccoli have been more problematic- I have none this year. No tomatoes either- but I have grown (over-)large numbers sometimes. I've never tried sprouts, but I have a small amount of onion, garlic and leeks. I have courgettes, a few broad beans, redcurrant, random herbs, but most of all, I have loads and loads of potatoes.
Where do you live/ where are you from?
Only a few bottles come back. The rest is exported all round Europe and for all I know, beyond.
I read this carefully, because I grew up a few minutes away from Riverside and I walked next to the Cam every time I went out for a stroll. I notice you've posted it in the Cambridge sub and because it does turn into a party political (or rather anti-political party!) rant, and especially relevant to the voting in Cambridge tomorrow, I think it does belong better there. That is not to say this sub officially endorses or denigrates any political party, though I can't deny it has a leftist majority.
This is an article about whether the places that May and Corbyn have actually personally visited can tell you anything. As it's experimental, one possibility the reporter says is : "Maybe the lesson will be that the parties know nothing."
You didn't know that????
The title of the article has not been amended with the omission of the words 'away from Tories' The 'huge swing' NOW refers to how DIFFERENT the polls are, not that they have swung one way or another.
He should have been a parliamentary candidate. Then he could have been, Guy Standing, the guy standing for....
I'm going to stick my neck out in terms of exactness and say Tory majority of 47.
Harrods? I've found they are good for loads of things and not any more expensive than getting that same thing somewhere else. https://www.harrods.com/en-gb/homewares/bed-and-bath/bedding
I don't understand why people get divorced when they don't need to get married in the first place. I am a great believer in romantic love and lifelong commitment, but I don't understand why people make those vows, then break them.
You're right. It's already fucked, mwahaha.
/u/HPB !!- this shitpost thread needs you.
This is the wurst news for you.
Goood question. There's no bad time. Just own the book, so you can go back to it as you know more.
No, but it's not necessarily a fair comparison. US politics is more right than UK politics. For all the antagonism here, May is still a centrist for most of the country.
Battersa (Treasury Minister) also, apparently.
Your post is getting so long, I suggest you start again, and link this existing comment at the end of your new version. Or make a self post where you have all the details, and just put the new stuff in each new comment, with a link to the self post.
Lab hold.
But are you not supposed to look into the camera when you talk on TV?
I agree the next election will probably be soon, but technically, we have fixed-term parliaments, so if the government about to be formed survives, it could last till 2022, not 2020. As you say, its weak position however means it will probably fail sooner rather than later.
No, I agree with you that I don't think they will. But that does not make them any more attractive to 'mainland' voters. I was replying to your comment that calling people you disagree with 'racist xenophobic bigots' is a sort of inaccurate, knee-jerk insult that leftists make when they find people who disagree with them. I'm saying that in this case, there is more about DUP history and core beliefs that make them closer actually to being those things, much as the history and beliefs of Sinn Fein make them unpalatable from the other side.
It's just bantz.
*4.7% of the vote across the whole UK, one should say though. They obviously got more than in the places they actually stood....
I hope that there won't be any hate in discussion of this. The tl;dr is that the party leader and national party is not directly responsible for the actions of every one of its members. So Labour as a national party is not tainted by what happened in that one town. I don't believe there is any suggestion that Corbyn or any part of the national party knew about the cover-up that was happening at local level. I must admit that I don't know of anybody whose national opinion of Labour, as opposed to their local opinion of the Rotherham Council of that time, was influenced by this scandal. Our national politics and local politics are in many ways pretty separate. Local elections are fought very much on local issues. Although we obviously elect our MPs locally also, and although their local involvement is very important, we don't see them as only bound to local concerns, unless there is something reprehensible in their actual personal behaviour.
Hahahaha. Mwahahahaha. You smart arse! You are entitled to be very smug. Not only did you make me look an idiot, you also managed to take out two regulars whose obvious take on the calling of a snap election won them masses of upvotes at the time. I'm referring to /u/cragglerock93 and /u/ShetlandJames - both really nice + bright people whose comments I read and enjoy all the time. and yet, they said: 'Tories will absolutely annihilate Labour- their first landslide election win in 30 years.' (69 upvotes) / 'Terrible news for Labour.' (74 upvotes).
Not noticed any politics going on round here, tbh.
Gizzard is fantastic.
Yeeees. ..... but it's easy to produce misleading stats like this. And even then it would have been 'the chance to be' Even with Tories -7, they would still have been the largest party. It's obviously a valid point to show how close things were though!
We think in quite a secular way here- you don't need to say 'good honest Christian'- a British person would just say 'We are a family' and people would assume they are good and honest and their religion is a private matter.
Good question, especially as they forced her to get rid of her two special advisers today. Was talking about it with Mrs tmstms and we both independently thought that if it were us, we'd simply want to commit suicide.
And indeed making promises widely unacceptable to the rest of the UK would increase adverse pressure on the government.
Best answer.
I agree with the principle. But it goes further than that. (I have not greatly encountered people bragging about their Oxbridge-osity in real life.) If anyone needs to validate themselves in anything through externalities rather than through their own abilities, then they are probably at best exhibiting insecurities. Mind you, some one was once keen to tell me they taught at South Bank University- that made me think they were desperate.
This is Sky News' political editor. I'm inclined to agree with cross-party being the way forward. And I think the article is right in suggesting that the inconclusive election result is an indication that people are far from united as to the way forward. Therefore, the argument runs, better to agree it than argue about it within parliament.
I tell you what's funny. It was an unbelievably quiet night (and I don't just mean the lull in the Coalition attacks in Mosul, though that too). We had it organised in rough shifts- for example, one mod was being a teller in a polling station, so obviously was not around during the day. It was normal traffic during the day (that means, an average of one mod action every 5 minutes), at 10 p.m. I clocked off and went to watch the telly with Mrs tmstms, returning to find that actually, the drama of the exit poll and emerging results meant that everyone was actually completely preoccupied with real life. Not until the news of the projected Tory-DUP deal broke did the hate-storm resume, in fact....
I love Premier Inn.
1) a minority government is a pain to run for very long- it wastes too much effort checking you have enough troops to win every single vote. 2) The support of the DUP, required to win votes, is regarded questionably by most of the rest of the UK, because they are so socially illiberal. 3) a) May made the election all about believing in her and trusting her. So she is personally fatally weakened by failing to get a majority. b) BUT, if the Tories just changed leader, without an election, they would be vulnerable to charges they were clinging on to power at all costs with another unelected PM. 4) The Brexit thing, the outcome of which is not in our hands, but at least half, and probably mostly in the hands of the other lot, the EU, further weakens the position of any minority government- in that sense, May was right in saying a bigger majority would be more stable. Would Labour win next time? I think it would be odds-on that Conservatives would lose more seats and no longer be able to govern. I think it is likely that Labour would become largest single party. Would Labour get a majority? Hmmmm. tricky. Maybe not.
Haha. My countryside local offers free unlimited non-alcoholic beer for the designated driver.
I'll get /u/Bell_Whiff to "one-upmanship" you.....
Nobody has any idea whether either party wants one thing in a united way, or whether what they say is what they will actually end up with. We actually know nothing more than a year ago. everyone hopes we can still have our cake and eat it. We probably can't, but the politicians do not wish to admit any of the bad things that might happen if we give up this or that thing.
To be honest, I think people would probably grumble, keep calm and carry on. As /u/Afinkawan is saying, a different lot of people would grumble. However, as most of the 'grey area' people have realised leaving is very complicated, I don't think the grumbling and complaining would be excessive. The currency would rebound, but slowly. The economy would do well because the currency would have been devalued, and we'd stay in the sweet spot for exporters for some time. There will no doubt be an anti-immigrant backlash to some extent. Recovery in the number of immigrants wanting to come here (c.f. fall in nurses) would take some time - because we would come across as even more a set of xenophobic divvies than we were already.
What a surprise. I'm no Corbynista, far from it, but I greatly appreciate the symmetry. May has had to do a ritual humiliation and apology to the Tory MPs gathered en masse. The Labour PLP should gather en masse and prostrate themselves in front of Corbyn as a mass apology. He did actually confound everyone's expectiations. May is a 'bloody difficult woman.' As a result of that character trait she has hamstrung herself. Corbyn is extremely stubborn and funnily enough, his stubbornness has been vindicated.
You could go further. Tories are on all the time throwing things out of the front door. Stephen Crabb was just on quite happily answering directly what was staying (zilch) and what was going (fox hunting, grammar schools, getting rid of free school lunch, dementia tax, everything really.) Grant Shapps the same.
I agree. The train is better. But the railway station in Cambridge is less central than the bus station. That may be a consideration as to where you are going in Cambridge.
Perhaps it's a fudge of local politics. Maybe the village wanted the limit lowered, but someone influential did not, so by removing the camera, the lower limit becomes in practice useless.
Sigh! Have you been out of the country for a week or something?
The first couple of PMQs she did were great, then Corbyn got better and better and she got worse and worse.
Yes, it's like some weird Ancient Greek drama.
Sigh! Very misleading as it's from 2015.
One would say Thatcher was less sheltered in upbringing (grocer v vicar), and it was definitely harder for Thatcher to progress in her career (less usual for women to be politicians). May had it very personally difficult in losing both parents young and being unable to have children herself- that has made her more distanced, I guess, from more ordinary life too. Obviously a longer answer- with more attention to their political positions, would require some discussion about whether they represented different types of Tory thinking- Thatcher more about free market and individualism, and May more about one-Nation and social justice (though these obviously have not got very far). Until the fox thing, I did like May much more than I liked Thatcher.
For Leeds, also check out Ledsham, Ledston, Aberford, Badsworth, Oulton (Farrar Lane only), Roeclifffe, Shelley, Ripponden. Leeds is near the M62, A1 and M1 so offers great links with a lot of the country.
It must mean some specific kind of joinery, as normal joiners are tradespeople still widely required to make and repair stuff in people's houses.
1) We have relatively few high-rise blocks and in general we have fewer apartments and flats than continental people do. So for a building to contain 400-600 people, as opposed to 4 to 6 people, is not tiny for us. 2) The size and scale of this fire within a residential building is extremely unusual for us. The Fire Commissioner responsible immediately said that in her 29 years in the Fire Service, this was the worst fire she had seen. 3) The nature of the fire, and in particular how quickly it has spread, has implications for a) other high-rise buildings b) management structures for social housing (council? private? - in this case it was a council-tenant partnership company called a TMO. By coincidence I was a nearby resident when it started- I remember voting). 3) There is a tradition here that civil disasters are required before there is a major change in how things are organised e.g. Paddington rail disaster, Hillsborough disaster (football). 4) At this stage, the number of fatalities is not clear, but it has been feared to be much higher than 12. EDIT, than 17. 5) those disasters that awake primal fears in human beings are taken and reported correspondingly more seriously. Everyone can imagine the fear of the 'towering inferno.'
My interests in music tend to be from the 18th and 19th centuries though.
Sorry, we do not allow advertising in our sub.
Sorry- no advertising is allowed in this sub.
Oxford has a good reputation for Eng Lit. I did not study that subject, but I did teach some of the Eng Lit students subsequently, and I can confirm the course is very nice. Among the people doing Eng Lit while I was teaching- what they are doing now: 1) a well-known comedian 2) a playwright 3) A newsreader on Channel 4 (I think, she's swapped around a bit). 4) teaches at York Uni. 5) trained as barrister, gave up, became a sub-editor.
Fire Service initially said it might take weeks to search fully, and would need sniffer dogs.
OK.
Note user report- this article has been updated.
It's a dupe, somehow evaded the dupe filter.
Just need to clarify this is from 2011. But obviously has become topical.
I'll leave it as it is for the moment.
To all of you saying that the elderly are dying off and the problem solves itself over time, isn't the problem that people move gradually rightwards (on average!) as they get older? Hence the point of the article- Labour needs to appeal specifically to older people as well as younger.
Both soft and hard are fine. But ABRSM recommend their new ones now, by Cooper.
Ah! If only Brexit really were dead.
The Swiss have been for decades divided roughly 50-50. And the anti-EU people have had a 1 or 2 % majority just as our Leavers had in the referendum. So they never joined, but in the many years they've had, they made a lot of bilateral agreements (including free movement of a kind) that they constantly bicker about. In many ways, the Swiss ARE a good parallel for us. Their pro-Eu and anti-EU constituencies pretty well match ours- the more prosperous and multi-cultural ones (in this case multi-cultural means at ease between French, German and Italian bits of their own country, for example) who live more in the lfar bits, tend to be more pro-EU and the ones that are more up in the mountains and more monoglot/ monocultural, are more suspicious of the EU.
To me, the demonising is worse than the face-hiding. 1) There may be good reasons not to show the face of someone who is facing criminal charges at this stage, so no police investigation is prejudiced. I believe the press obey the police instructions in these cases. If his face were shown before he appears in court, he might at a subsequent stage say he had not received a fair trial. 2) But it is bad to make people think: 'It was a mosque full of baddies' So the Abu Hamza thing is bad. 3) It's bad to show the man with the fridge and, I believe, to post a photo of him with a pint, as if he were happy about what had happened, even though of course it was an older photo.
100% correct, IMHO.
Perhaps there is some truth in both positions. I would say there is, and it is important that both of these positions are articulated. Even if we have interfered in other countries, most of the terrorists who have attacked us are themselves British. The others are resident here. So most people would say they are turning against aspects of the British way of life and the idea that we can all get along together (indeed, this is specifically what Sadiq Khan was saying this morning), irrespective of whether their actions were trying to make a political point.
I want to know that too! All rational people want to know! But there is no answer. Because no-one knows (not even the people negotiating). The chances are that we will have to beg the EU for an extension.
I doubt she can currently meet the public anywhere without being heckled.
Damn! You're right.
I don't think most people have even realised NOW.
Have you been to Fingal's Cave, where the other bit of it emerges? That also is amazing.
No- it's still there underneath. Yuck!
I guess because it's apples and oranges. The question of whether British ISIS fighters can be or should be barred from returning to the UK is for Westminster to decide and has nothing really to do with Sadiq Khan. For the moment, the position of the government is that British citizens, even ones that have pledged their allegiances to a different entity, cannot be prevented from returning. That's something for the government to change if it sees fit, and I don't know whether the fact ISIS is (rightly!!) not recognised as a state influences this. The question of whether Trump's visit is welcome to Sadiq Khan is everything to do with Trump making comments e.g. on twitter to state or imply that the Mayor of London was somehow condoning or normalising the terrorist outrages in London. I doubt whether Sadiq Khan's opposition would have been the reason to postpone or not postpone the invitation to Trump. Again, that's a Westminster thing, not a London thing. A non-contentious reason might be that Trump himself isn't keen to visit a country where there will be protests.
Bloody hell, that would be great. When I was a schoolboy we had a family holiday in York and Scarboro during that famously hot summer of 1976 that everyone is currently comparing this weather to. It was my first trip to Yorkshire. I went on a bus from York to look at the (pretty boring) battlefield at Marston Moor. Now I drive across Towton battlefield most times I go to York.
I think this is good and thought-provoking.
I'm going to disagree with the title. Though I absolutely agree that conservatories are a headache. We moved into a house where the second occupant, perhaps the worst DIY fanatic of all time, had, among other things, built a conservatory on the back of the house. Apart from the dwarf wall, I think he's done it badly, but I can't deny it's unbelievably useful as a room. Pro: 1) It's big- 10m x 3 m- so it basically gives an extra reception room. This is very useful, as we have to use what would be the dining room in a normal house for work equipment, so it gives us somewhere to eat that backs off the kitchen. 2) It faces East, and the living room faces West, so there's usually a cooler and a warmer room to sit in. 3) We have cats- it's a good room for them if it's sunny and the litter trays can also go there. 4) Except for the obvious times like the recent few days, it's actually very rare it's 'too hot in summer, too cold in winter.' 5) It does contain an aircon unit, but as I am Scrooge with electricity, I only run it on Sundays when the leccy is free. 6) It's big enough to be a useful place to put stuff that does not obviously belong anywhere else. Con: 1) When the roof needs replacing it will cost an unbelievable amount, especially if we go for a non-cheapo option, and just the question of what to do with the roof is a constant headache. So far, we have had a couple of leaks, but fortunately found a conservatory roof repairer- so cost so far has only been a few hundred pounds, and it cost bloody £100 to have the roof cleaned. 2) Next door has a large, fanatical ginger cat, whose only mission in life is to try and get in our house, eat food, and do his smelly spraying. That means we can never have the conservatory door open unless we are actually supervising the entrance, making it that much hotter in summer. 3) Likewise, we have to stop our own cats leaping out of the back windows and onto the conservatory roof. So we can't just randomly open windows at the back- we have to shut the doors as well or make sure the cats are out. $) Blinds need replacing. Estimated cost is several thousand pounds.
There's no doubt she has an awkward manner and has difficulty being spontaneous in a public context. A lot of her PMQ lines are scripted and she just parrots them out. A recent BBC article says she has to prepare for 20-30 minutes before live appearances, a bit like a stand-up rehearsing, I guess, and this is very unusual for a politician. When she became PM, many, including me, saw this as a good thing- it was different from and seemed more sincere than the spin and slickness of Blair and Cameron. But when put to the test in the election campaign, it rebounded terribly- the refusal to do a lot of live stuff was clearly because she thought she had more to lose than to gain. But she ended up losing more anyway....the fact it was a snap election she had herself called made the fact she was ill at ease actually campaigning more damning. Likewise, her habit of keeping things secret, which again I initially liked, because it was so different from the attention-seeking Webcameron or Blair-hanging-out-with-celebrities stuff, came back like a boomerang, when it meant vote-losing stuff went into the manifesto. Now, if you were Theresa May, you would surely be conscious 100% of the time that you were discredited, on borrowed time, and only still there because no-one else in your party wants to do it and neither your party or the DUP wants to risk another election and the likelihood of a Corbynocracy. You be bound to stumble over your words.
I know it's a stereotype that farmers voted for Brexit, but the NFU supported Remain and the actual figure of Leave/Remain was not so far off 50-50. A lot of farmers are tenants, not landowners. They don't have any land to sell. EDIT: But I've read your other comment and I get that this comment of yours is in line with your personal experiences.
Yes- a 'diverse and inclusive' psycho.
1) If I was going to a funeral my mum always used to tell me to stop off for a burger on the way back. This is because the spirits of the dead attach themselves to mourners, and if you do not therefore stop somewhere to let them get off, you will bring them, and bad luck, into your house with you. 2) Related to the towel thread: When we first had sports and gym at school, we were asked to bring a towel. My mum, for reasons I still do not understand, sent me with a facecloth to dry myself after showering.
Generally good article- this sentence is interesting. "The Tories disparaged Corbyn as a relic from the 1970s, an attack that does not necessarily horrify voters born in the 1990s"
Yeah, I guess what I mean, and what the artcile must have said, is that during the time the reporter (possibly Laura K) was shadowing May, she saw that May was taking these 20-30 minutes beforehand to compose herself and run things through in her head or off cue cards. The reporter cannot have known how much private study or briefing May or anyone else would have had prior to being with the reporter.
And nor does anyone else: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-40363063
That's a big discount on new. Snap it up!
We have the same (Wakefield Council). They fairly recently switched from a crate for bottles and cans AND the wheelie bin. But now the wheelie bin takes ALL recyclables- paper, cardboard, metal and glass, some plastics. Then it's the usual normal bin for unrecycled and bin for garden waste. Collection is fortnightly per bin- one week it's normal + garden, next week recycling. Council is very good about fitting collections in around public holidays e.g. does not use Mondays as a collecting day, and putting on an extra collection just after Xmas.
More like you nicked the bird and threw it in your own cage.
Fuck Bede too! ISIS FTW!
Whoosh!
You absolute smug git! But yes, you are right. If you have the time- and it is different for you as you are going to Spain not just to eat, it is as cheap to fly to a European country and eat there than pay £100 for a meal in London. Hmmm. See my unconscious old-person usage. Even though I am, as you know, a fanatical superstater who would be happy if we had Schengen and the Euro, I still unconsciously wrote 'European' meaning 'not the UK.' When I was younger, and even after we joined the EEC, when people asked where I was going on holiday, I still said 'to Europe.' Above all, you are 100% right about the ingredients, and that is why food is best in the Mediterranean. Fortunately, living near the countryside, we can be fanatical about ingredients and indeed grow vegetables. Growing oneself is very inefficient- for example, I planted 15 courgette seeds, 11 came up, but one seedling since died and then a cat (not ours) sat on and destroyed another plant. So my 'stock' is going to be only 9 plants. But from time to time, things really do taste the way they should. We shop in supermarkets as little as possible, and try and get fruit and veg direct from the farm that has grown them - but that is a hassle in terms of lots of driving. Also, and this is the Mediterranean thing again, every part of the country is different in terms of soil, fertility and climate, so it is not a 100% free choice of stuff and quality. Sometimes, when we have been 50-100 miles south of here, in Leicestershire or in Cambridgeshire where there are particular very nice farm shops, the veg is clearly bigger and has grown better in the slightly warmer weather.
Is this you in disguise? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-40365686
Hotpoint.
You fucking smug bastard.
last para says it all for me: "In August 2016, some of the Britain’s biggest fruit and vegetable growers said that without seasonal migrant workers they would switch their production to other countries, where many already have large operations, or would switch to cereals which are harvested by machines."
I don't think it works that way. It would only work that way if the whole of the EU disbanded. Apart from the historic things with Ireland, an EU citizen is just an EU citizen in terms of residency and so on. No-one in the EU has a better or worse situation inside the other countries of the EU than anyone else, other than when rules are made for new members. So there can't be bilateral agreements with individual countries, and there won't be after Brexit either. It will be just one agreement between us and the EU. Or am I missing something?
ha! I know about this one and know some of the people who appear, if memory serves. There's a dramatisation, which is very good, called 'Loving Miss Hatto' I went to interview (I mean in a journo way) the academics at Royal Holloway who were part of the evidence at one point, They had known from when they had started their project (to analyse all recordings of some Chopin to see if they could in some way quantify emotions expressed in the playing of different performers. But they had kept stumm, knowing it had legal implications. In the end, no legal action was taken, probably because the actual loss was suffered by loads of individual record collectors who had bought CDs under false pretences., and there was no will from the record industry to bankrupt the offender , given there would not have been any other assets to recover than the man's house. It's hard to conceive of a class action where everyone is trying to get a tenner back.
The drama- Loving Miss Hatto, is more fun. Dunno which one you should watch first.
Good point. I will message the other mods. For the moment, this post will be removed, and I will PM OP if the bot is allowed.
Barclays. No complaints. Everything works well. Good online interface also.
Do you have a link?
What about the labour shortages in the agricultural sector as a result of fewer EU migrants being interested in coming here? I try to buy fresh British food anyway, but I think we may be paying more for it, so good for health, bad for wallet.
This amazing stat: "UK citizens account for less than 1% of the sector’s seasonal workforce." Part of the NFU survey on seasonal work for horticulture: 1. May 2017 saw a significant decline in the availability of labour, with responding providers unable to meet their recruitment targets by 1,515 people (16.7%). 2. Farmers recruit 75% of seasonal workers from Romania and Bulgaria, with the remainder largely from other eastern European countries, including Poland and Lithuania. 3. Labour providers recruited 6.7% fewer workers than needed between January and May 2017, compared with over-recruiting by 6.6% for the same period last year. 4. The fall in numbers of seasonal workers began in April; prior to this month all labour providers indicated they were able to meet the needs of the sectors they were supplying. 5. By May, four providers were unable to fully meet the labour requirements of the farms they supplied, reporting shortfalls of between 10 and 25% 6. The proportion of returnees has dropped progressively throughout the first five months of the year from 65.3% in January to 33.2% in May. 7. A higher proportion of workers either failed to arrive on farm, or left their seasonal job between January and May 2017 (16.8%) than the same period in 2016 (14%). 8. Growers report more workers using seasonal horticultural work as a stepping stone into the UK since Romanian and Bulgarian nationals gained access to the wider job market. 9. UK citizens account for less than 1% of the sector’s seasonal workforce.
Surely low unemployment is also an effect of the weaker pound- we are still in that sweet spot- we have all the benefits of EU membership, the weaker pound means our exports are more competitive, input costs have taken longer to feed into our system. This is what is described as the "Brexit boost" and the challenge will be to sustain it after actual Brexit, depending on the deal and our relations with other countries, when we no longer have the advantages of Single Market membership. http://www.fwi.co.uk/business/farmers-should-prepare-end-brexit-currency-boost.htm
To give a full answer would trespass on territory that is forbidden in the sub. But yes. I can tell you. My town in the 2010s (Castleford) is the nearest I've felt to growing up in the south in the 1960s.....
Dog was from Neath.
She helped the Hillsborough families, and they spoke very well of her, so until she became PM, she may have been popular.
If patriotism and jingoism are subjective, then surely saying that someone has the right or wrong sort of patriotism is legit. So you can tell people they are wrong-headedly jingoistic without lacking patriotism oneself.
Yes, that's fine! I knew what you meant!
Probably be lunch, so not quite so bad....
Ah! You work in defence don't you? So that kind of lack of knowledge would especially irritate you (though you are a pretty irritable kind of person, if one may say so!).
Have you read the article? It deals with many issues and is positive about some and negative about others.
tl;dr "she has a very English facet of character which, until a couple of generations ago, was seen as an asset: she has an aversion to showing emotion in public. " As an older person I agree. It's one of the things I liked about her when she became PM, that she was more distant and dignified. How it has rebounded on her!
Well, it's interesting. Some people are saying the way that people consume media is changing, and that there is more of a chance that the young will therefore stay interested in politics.
Links to low quality sites are either automodded or can be deleted. Links to reputable news organisations speak for themselves. Mods look at self posts and delete them if they are low quality- though the decisions as to what is low quality can only be subjective. There are far far too many posts for them to be modded proactively. We can only respond to reports. People should report anything that they find offensive.
No doubt too radical for any government to propose?
Yeah, my town is like the grave, except when the rugby team has matches.
I'm just as proud. What our politicians do or did is not really something to do with me.
I would have to agree with /u/OnaZ that it has no monetary value, but plenty of people would jump at the chance of a free piano.
Rorke's Drift!! You lucky dog! Hmmm. Abroad- I suppose the obvious one for me is Waterloo. If you haven't been it's pretty atmospheric, with the ridge where Wellington got his troops to lie down behind, and it's dead easy to reach from London. The most exotic one I've visited is the beach where the Japanese landed in Malaysia at Kota Bahru. I've been over the 'Bridge at Remagen' several times in a train, which sends shivers up the spine. An old lady, now deceased, that we knew, was the daughter of the war artist who painted the famous Menin Gate picture. She herself served in the war as one of the WAAFs who processed the German fighter and bomber reports and pushed the models around on the tables. It had clearly given her an independence and freedom she had never felt before or after. She was quite bloodthirsty about it- she would clearly have cheerfully strung Hitler up herself. Her life highlight was to have had a dance with the noted night fighter pilot 'Cat's Eyes Cunningham.' When we saw her, we would have a terrible meal out (her choice) but then a much nicer coffee at the Army and Navy club where she always stayed. I suppose my war highlight is that Leonard Cheshire came to our school to give the prizes once, so I got to shake his hand. I hope I still have the picture somewhere. Of course we all hoped he'd do his speech on 617 Squadron, but alas! of course he talked about the Cheshire Homes. I drive past Derwent reservoir from time to time where the Dam Busters (I know that was pre-Cheshire) practised and also past RAF Scampton where they were based (but I've never visited the latter, as you have to book). Someone in this sub often has to make business trips to the Ruhr. I suggested he visit the Mohne or Eder dam next time- he just didn't quite have the time to drive there and then to the airport this time.... CasualUK often has British military themed threads, can't remember if you frequent that sub already.
I recommend Jan Ekier's Polish National Edition, but the binding/ pages are still not ideal.
A timely user report says be very carefully what you say on this subject. https://twitter.com/BarristerSecret/status/880010163696029696
It is disingenuous. In order for it to be fair, one would have to say that (as happened with the end of, say Tsarism in Russia), the stuff the Royal Family owns should be confiscated by the State. As the monarchy has been around for so many hundreds of years, its lands and possessions are now worth a fabulous amount of money.
In practice, does that not mean you will be voting for a no-hoper unless you are in a very unusual constituency? Personally, I would say that if you have a strong interest in politics and an aversion to party, express that interest another way- be a writer, a journo, an analyst....
Authorities may feel it's a matter for the families. Police say they have spoken to residents of 106 flats and have assumed everyone from the remaining 23 is dead.
Fuck slugs!
The usual big one is that financial-legal technicalities mean you get more protection paying for something by credit card than debit card. So if something goes wrong, e.g. the company you buy from goes bust and does not provide what you bought, your credit card company is, so to speak, on your side. here is a sample explanation: http://www.moneysupermarket.com/credit-cards/guide-to-credit-card-protection/ A second big advantage is that you have credit to draw on in an emergency. But to benefit without cost, you must be disciplined!! Pay your card off in time to avoid interest! In this respect, your dad is also right- credit card= temptation.
Well, I'm not actually FROM Mosul, but I'm kinda stuck there at the moment. For how long, might not be in my hands....
Mum-in-law slowly learning to walk again after hip fracture. Physio came round (I was not there but Mrs tmstms was) and was very pleased with progress. They discussed with him returning some of the safety stuff given to make the house safer. We'd taken some back to the hospital already, but when they said they'd take the rest back there in due course, the physio demurred. 'Oh no!' he said, 'It belongs to someone else, they're called ISIS.' [It must be some unfortunately named pre-existing organisation] A frozen silence followed. The mum-in-law was confused, and Mrs tmstms bit her lip to stop making any number of CasUK -type jokes.
I'm sickened.
