Does that spikey gelled hair of the late 90's- early 00's count? I did that in late elementry to early middle school. And I had a few pairs of baggy cargo pants too.
Really? I'm New Jersey but have been living in the Tampa Bay Area for the last 10 years. Before this season 90% of people I knew claimed to hate hockey or say its a Canadian sport and thought I was strange for liking Hockey over basketball or not following college football. (Which I swear is bigger than the NFL here). Now everyone is a bolts fan in the area. In away though its a good thing, hopeful the hockey playing population grows and maybe we will get an Ice Rink that's actually in Tampa. (I believe they are building one just north of Tampa).
Dade City too. Plenty of Confederate Flags everywhere. It was a culture shock first time I went there.
/u/mlennox is that picture behind your back pack in picture 4 this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seC63AEk4-8
I want to fly one day just like your Grandfather! Do you know what aircraft that is? Its hard to tell by simply the exterior of the cockpit. I'm going to guess F-8.
I'm not even a big NFL fan I watch a Giants game when I get one and that's it. Playing football is fun but I honestly always thought watching it was kind of slow. I'm weird, prefer Baseball and Hockey, always have. A lot of people down here tell me baseball is boring. In the Northeast, Baseball is actually bigger than Football. I guess I could be hanging out with the wrong crowds. Everyone I know who likes or plays hockey in the area is from out of state like me. I'm glad hockey is growing in Florida not sure if it will ever reach the level of popularity in the Northeast or Great Lakes states but its growing.
I know I have this card laying around somewhere http://s19.photobucket.com/user/spyboy1/media/TSG%20Blog/Lindrosfuturesuperstarcard.jpg.html
NOT true... This guy owns a giant panda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFDUOfRXP_k
"Did ya here, DiMaggio hit a home run last night?" "Yeah, I listened to it last night, right before I climbed into bed with the old lady."
Curious what high schools in the area have hockey teams? I graduated in 2010 and I didn't know any did. I knew at Brandon they had high school age hockey but don't remember any official high school teams. The Tampa Bay Skating Academy only seems to list High School Age hockey on its website but not a mention of official high school hockey either. Tampa is growing but I personally going to head out west somewhere after college and the military. Owning landing and housing are way way way to expensive in the area. Not as bad as New Jersey but still expensive. Edit: Looks like there are some official high school hockey teams in Tampa. I lived just outside of Tampa and my High School and most of the ones in my area don't have hockey teams.
It looks like a marble.
&gt; 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz Hey! I googled that above name, the only thing that came up was this read thread. You made that story up!
I think that guy made that story up. If you google 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz. THe only thing that comes up is this Reddit Thread.
yeah I found that FHSHA page when I googled it earlier. My high schools and none of the high schools in my area just outside of Tampa had hockey none of them are listed. As for the missing school Tampa itself, I'm not surprised that Hillsborough high school isn't listed. That school is ghetto is hell. Yeah I have some family do to the military moved out west and stayed after they got out. Low cost of living yet similar or better salaries that back east, cheap land and less traffic. I have family in Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Michigan. Each one of them loves their new state more than Jersey, New York or Florida.
The only difference for me personally, the first three are all Pro Mod drag racing instead of NASCAR. The sitting in traffic one is the one that hits home the closest.
Made the state and local Park Rangers are more conservative like police while the federal ones are more liberal.
I guess the ones I'm thinking of and the one I know is basically a cop for a park. Carries a gun, taser, baton, etc. Curious, why did the one shoot pepper spray and burn children?
No the upper middle class liberal stereotype I was referring to are private pilots, once who don't fly for a living. Usually the ones at the local air field are very Liberal. I think its because most of them are lawyers.
Damn that sucks. That sounds crazy, I feel bad for the kids. THe ones around here
Careful man, there's a brand new suit here...
Goldeneye and Lord the Rings did this (though in Lord of the Rings he wasn't pure evil, just corrupted by the ring and still fought hard to save the hobbits to his death). National Treasure its been awhile but didn't we know he was the villian in the beginning of the movie?
LOL I'm not super old (only in my early 20s) but I remember in the late 90's- early 2000s all the Yankees fans were Rangers and all of the Mets fans were Islanders fans in New York and Devils fans in Jersey. I guess its changed a lot since I've been in Florida the last 10 years. Your not a Jets fan to are you? PS I kind of like Mets, I would like them more but the 2000 World Series kind of killed that.
To loosely quote the movie Midway "Ram it home Hawks! Ram it home!"
When it comes to studying and perfecting the "art of bank robbery" I got to know, how many times did you watch heat? Also do you still feel guilty about it a few years later?
Oh Yeah well Yo Mama is so fat that after I got done I having sex with her, I rolled over twice and I was still on top of her.
It's cool to see that Norman is a Triumph man in real life!
I can honestly say that your Dad taught you correctly!
Alright boys 1 nothing, get some insurance goals!
Military?
Oh wow! When my cousin was the Army he would watch Rangers games on his Laptop when he was stationed in Korea.
It doesn't say. Which is what confuses me too. It simply says find the simple interest and gives me those 3 numbers plus the answers I listed it. I tried google this before and most forums gave the same thing you did or the question has more context.
ok so I simplifyed 2(3w+2) + 2w= 132 6w+4+2w=132 then 8w+4=132 then 8w=128 w=16 is that correct? Then how would I solve for L?
It was so weird voting for the All Star game and not seeing his name under Short Stop... I voted for Reyes but it just didn't feel right. I even almost voted for Bogaerts...
so then I did 3w+2=132 3w=132 w=43.33 Is this correct? So W is 16 and L is 43.33?
So when solving for the L you don't use the 132 if you know the Width? What confuses me the most is knowing what numbers you are the suppose to use during what time.
Thanks!
I'm confused what you are trying to say by curve? Is the curve simply the line itself?
THank you.
Thank you
Why did he pick 20/20? and not just divide 61 by 5 then multiply y 100?
Why would Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid meet with Wyatt Earp?
Marcus Luttrell for one, Matt Best, R. Lee Ermey, other than not I'm not sure.
Clint Eastwood... He learned to shoot at 7/11
IT'S HIS HAT MR. KRABS!
that makes sense! But what about Morgan? Was he wished back by the Dragon Balls?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/59/b1/5559b1c582de54e4d43f68bdf7de63b9.jpg
I love all of the Aviation photos. Especially the ones of the F-86 and the F-80s.
Maybe http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--auHeEneR--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/kd4gtdmhsr0v5t7inkdj.jpg But I still think he looks pretty close to this Buddy Holly picture http://s3.amazonaws.com/electric-lit-assets/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/buddy-holly-glasses.jpg
I always thought Joker And The Thief sounded more like a 70's hard rock song. But that's just me.
A+S=246 so A+2A=246? Then I solve 3a=246 so A= 82 So S= 2(82) S= 164 164+ 82= 246.
Apples are the masters at marketing. However, It's been awhile since I used an iPhone but I thought it was fairly simple and lacked features compared to my Droid Bionic at the time (this was 2011-13).
My Droid Bionic ran faster, had better graphics for games (not a big gamer either) was way more durable (I drop it a few times and the screen never cracked) and was way cheaper than an iPhone. I guess I don't need an expensive flashy iPhone. I'm good with my cheap Droid that does everything an iPhone does for 1/3 of the cost.
Yeah I guess so. I'm not a big tech guy so I guess for me a simple Droid is fine. I don't need an expensive or flashy iPhone. It's weird though my Droid is fraction of the cost of an iPhone and does all of the same stuff. Plus I thought it had better games.
It's a good thing she's cute... Anyone else wanna scream "the answer is 1 fucking hour!"
Your first paragraph I half agree with. That said, I know a couple of girls who model who are intelligent and could figure out this question. These girls most only care about fashion too, it's there life and hobby. Your second paragraph, I agree 100%! Society in general is afraid of failure so they take the safe route and don't even try so their is no chance of getting shot down or failing. I was kind of like that at 18-21. At 22 something hit me and I said I'd rather try to reach my dream and fail then that live a safe mediocre life. You are spot on to something my friend. I love the paper houses metaphor.
I like money
Yep MacDill AFB in Tampa, right by the water. Has KC-135s.
and Droid politics we need more politics and trade negotiations involving droids.
That must of been awesome meeting the two of them. My dad got to meet Wally Schirra years ago at a trade show which had a bunch of Aerospace companies. He got my an Autographed Copy of his Autobiography Schirra's space. My Dad said he was a very nice man, still liked to Joke around.
That Paul Revere shouted "The British are coming" He actually shouted "The regulars are coming" but thanks to the 1860 poem Paul Revere's Ride "the British are coming" has become what was thought to have said. Oh yeah there were more riders that Paul Revere too.
The Zodiac Killer!
I'm a Chevy guy also doesn't like Obama much either but seriously? Somebody slash this guys tires and force him to get a tow.
I said I'm a Chevy guy too. Its not the truck its the fact that he takes up 5 parking spaces is the reason I would slash his tires. I'm not a big Ford guy but wouldn't slash a Mustang or an F-150s tires just because they are Fords only if they are douches who take up more than one parking space just to be a douche. (For the record I'm never slashed anyone tires but people who double park and take up more than one space deserve it).
Please tell me your dad drove an IROC
Except for the 50's. Everything looks good from the 50's. I swear though the late 90's to mid 2000s already look bad.
I still believe Pete Rose should be in the Hall. Bring on the down votes haters! Oh yeah Shoeless Joe too!
I think your too young too understand it. Panic at the disco was an emo band big in the mid to late 2000s
Anything Koston does is timeless! I love the dart throwing to decide a skate spot. Its been awhile since I watched the Berrics. Eric: "Get that?" Lady: "Yeah, I have it on tape?" Eric: "Cool can we watch it?" Lady"Yeah when I show it too the police" Eric's face is priceless
LOL Funniest comment I have read in awhile
I went on the internet and I found this!
Dude that sounds like an awesome experience! What branch were you in? I wish you had a photo to post but still an awesome story none the less.
I'm in my 20s and I still like DBZ and Hot WHeels Cars (despite owning a classic Camaro). I'm a guy and I actually liked a couple of songs by the band Haim. (even the song Forever)... I also U2 (80's to 91 U2 not there later crap, except for Beautiful Day that's a good song). I also like some of Sammy Hager's songs.
Ricky: The puck is stuck in the fuckin' sour drain Bubbles: That's sewer drain Ricky... Ricky: Oh yeah, right on (Bubbles takes a look) Holy Fuck that's in there good. Jullian: Let's get out Ricky: Corey, Trevor pull the puck out and don't fuck this up. Corey and Trevor accidentally push the puck down the sewer The boys then spend the rest of the episode trying to find a new puck to play hockey with.
Everyone needs to get together and sue State Farm because when I say like a good Neighbor no state farm agent appears...
Did I miss the offensive part? I get spikes was a pun but I didn't find it offensive.
What does Samuel L Jackson's dog look like?!? Does he look like a bitch?
I think you need to watch the movie Taps (1981) again Major Moreland... Pay close attention to what the National Guard Col. says. "You're a death lover" https://youtu.be/wxnZ2fKKQR0?t=1h57m35s (watch to 1:59:40) Seriously don't join the military if your intent is to die and become a hero. All you are going to do is get your men killed in you (that is if you are planning on going in as an Officer since you are waiting till after college). Seriously if that is your goal, stick to playstation...
LOL Best troll I have seen in awhile
No? I'm not allowed to post fan fiction in here?
lol Ill try not to. But writing a good episode is denial and error.
Into stars again! Same old trip it was back then!
Can confirm. I own a 1986 Camaro IROC Z28 with the Tuned Port Injection and she eats Mustangs all the time. Occasionally when she wants a quick snack a 90's Civic or a 90s BMW M3 will do.
That's kind of funny because didn't Ford own a piece of De Tomaso back in the day? (or atleast some De Tomaso's had Ford V-8 engines).
No GM cancelled the F-Body (Camaro and Firebird) in 2002 because they thought the late 20 something market would want SUVs so they converted the F-Body plant into the Pontiac Aztek (which no one but Walter White brought). I have no idea why the Camaro is stereotype among non muscle car guys as a POS. They were great cars with possibly the largest aftermarket. In 2002 the LS1 motor made 305 horsepower and has one of the best aftermarkets to this day. The thing about the F-Body platform (1867-2002) they were a real niche car. They were basically designed and marketed for drag racers and that was the market. That's what the ads showed too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0_zI8nDAGo
I have no idea why you are being downvoted when it's right here on Ford's website https://media.ford.com/content/fordmedia/fna/us/en/features/it_s-a-plane--its-a-horse--no--its-the-ford-mustang-and-one-of-t.html "R.H. Bob Maguire, my boss, and I were looking through a list of names for the car. I had been reading about the P-51 Mustang airplane and suggested the name Mustang in remembrance of the P-51, but Bob thought the name as associated with the airplane was too ‘airplaney’ and rejected that idea. I again suggested the same name Mustang, but this time with a horse association because it seemed more romantic. He agreed and we together selected that name right on the spot, and that’s how it got its name."
yep long time lol
I Googled it. Ford 289s and Ford 302s powered the 67-71 Mangustas as well. https://www.hagerty.com/price-guide/1968-DeTomaso-Mangusta
Now how do I simplify the more complex (u^-4w^4)(2uv^3/w^-1)^-3?
Yeah no problem (u^-4 w^-4) (2uv^3 / w^-1) ^-3
what do you mean by expand out? I'm confused.
I tried Googling the FOIL method but I'm not sure I am understanding it and what do you mean by (a+b)^2?
Where did the 2x and the 2x^2 +10x +12 come from?
Oh that confused me. I thought it had something to do with this problem.
Yes please do. I will need help with a few other things as well. If tomorrow is better for you that will work too (as you may be Jet lagged after 5 hours of traveling).
Rush did that back in the very early 80s. They wrote a song about how driving is illegal (I a assuming because of self driving cars) and the narrator visits his uncles far to drive his uncles vintage (I'm guessing Ferrari) Barchette (a roadster) and drives around the country side. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uukZgfHZIoc
I'm glad someone got the reference! LOL Hopefully I'll finish it by the end of this week. Though work and my summer college classes slow things down a bit.
Do you regret selling it. With its 275 horsepower LT1 engine?
"my horse is English Racing green." I'm guessing that's a reference to Steve McQueen's 1967 Mustang in Bullit.
Did anyone else get a "The Warriors" vibe from this as in the movie. It's like Warriors meets Fallout. "Warriors come out and play."
In the late 90s (and probably for most of the 20th Century) the stereotype for the New York/New Jersey area was that your baseball team determineded your other sports teams. So if you were a Yankees fan you were a Rangers fan and a Giants Fan. Mets fan Islanders fan and a Jets fan. Mets fan in New Jersey- Devils fan and Jets fan. However, since the early 2000s this has changed a lot with people liking all different teams. But its a safe bet to assume they like either the Giants or the Jets.
I've always been the odd ball when it comes to Football and Hockey in my family. My dad and my late Grandfather only casually followed the Rangers and only ever played unorganized street hockey. They closely follow the Giants. Myself I am the opposite I only casually follow the Giants but love Hockey. I was the first to play organized hockey in my family and when fall comes I am all about hockey.
I personally never could get into Basketball.
My mom and her side of the family are all huge Knicks and basketball fans. They tried getting me to play but I never enjoyed it. I loved playing Baseball and played that a lot growing up.
I don't know if it's your user name but for some reason reading about how your dad broke the news that Neil Armstrong passed to you, made American Pie by Don McLean pop into my head. So bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye Singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die
Y2K bigger than 9/11? You must not be American. u/avsauce36 I was only 9 when 9/11 and didn't really fully understand what was going on but I remember both paranoia and anger in the air. I remember people saying things like how we need to nuke the entire middle east, how WWIII was about to begin, on the days after people were fearing more attacks and when the anthrax scare happened just a few months later people thought it was the second attacks. (It wasn't until 05 or so we found out the anthrax wasn't Al Qaeda). The months after 9/11 were a very confusing time.
&gt; First cost of a movie ticket is a lot more than it was when Avatar came out. It only went up $2 since 2009 in my area. It was $9 back then now it's $11. But then again that does add up.
I wonder how much this is worth today? Also A-7 (or A-8 model), zippo lighters and what looks to be a Squadron plaque on the mantle... Your dad was a Naval Aviator!
Not American but Richard Branson could be Batman. I think John McAfee is Tony Stark.
John McAfee is Tony Stark.
Yep. Plus all his pictures with guns, his mannerisms and his speech remind me of RDJ.
I just heard about Arn back in October or so while looking for a more realistic Medieval movie. Watched the movie they had on Netflix and was very confused. A little while later found out it was actually a miniseries and found that subbed on Youtube.
I still say the Rangers are more popular than the Devils in New Jersey and the Rangers and the Bruins are the most popular teams in Florida.
In the late 90s and early 2000s Ocean County and Monmouth County were all Rangers. Not sure if its changed. Atlantic county is where Flyers country began.
I'm guessing the Turtle is OP and the girl came to him. Nice job turtle.
I honestly can't relate to the feeling for either ice or indoor roller. However, for outdoor roller when I visit Tampa there is an outdoor rink that I swear I am the only one who ever uses it or knows about it.
I haven't watched Big Bang in a few years but they have to be out of ideas by now. That show ran its course around 2010-11.
I'm not sure how old this rink is but it has two permanent nets (one is still in great shape, the other not so much) and its the size of an ice rink with a neutral zone! It also has penalty boxes. Its in a public park that's part of a apartment complex that for years was the Ghetto. There is a friendly old black guy who lives in the apartments who said something along the lines that I am the only one he ever sees using it and that "there ain't no white boys around here" so he's not sure why they built a hockey rink years ago.
Good idea Hank. Bobby: But dad the commercials are the best part. Hank: Dang it Bobby!
Why? A guy with a 7.97 era in 20 innings, mostly in Tropicana Field... Is there something I am missing about this guy?
I still have a perfectly working 2002 PS2 with both games and DVD.
Fireman
There are buyers if you know where to look and who to talk. Believe me they are a bunch of old baby boomers with too much money looking for a Outlaw 10.5 car or a fast door slammer.
I never regularly watched it but I got bored of it fast around 2011. It seemed like every episode became Penny and Leorned breaking up and getting back together again. The Indian guy likes a girl, can't talk to her, drinks a beer can talk to her but they beer wears off and he gets shy again. Howard and his mom yell at each other for five minutes. Then Sheldon who started out as funny just became annoying.
Nope. They are more New Yorkers and New Englanders that like hockey in Florida than Native Floridians that do. Hell even when the Rangers were in Tampa a few weeks ago it was all Rangers fans at Amalie.
Curious how popular is hockey in Idaho? I know its a cold state near British Columbia and Alberta. Is hockey popular there?
No problem man http://www.yelp.com/biz/tom-oliver-memorial-hockey-rink-tampa Looks like a group meets there every once in awhile for pick up hockey. I honestly don't know anyone from this group but here is there facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/TomOliverMemorialHockeyRink It looks like it hasn't been active since 2013 but the last time I was at the rink was May 2015.
Damn. I had some terrible teachers that I despised with a passion but never one that told me to fuck off and die.
Or Gary Busy for that matter.
Holy shit I never knew George McFly was so weird. Is he paranoid from meth usage or is he just insane?
This happened in 2001 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hainan_Island_incident
I read the biography/book on it by the pilot Lt. Shane Osbourne years ago tilted Born to Fly. It was mostly geared toward middle school age students. From what I remember when there plane was hit it was an insane situation as it was hard to bail out as the door is right by the prop and no one had ever successfully belly landed an EP-3 on water before. So he had no choice but to land in China.
As a Camaro owner I want to down vote this but she looks way too nice. The drag tires, the cowl induction hood and the black paint are all a great combo. What motor and set up are you running? What ETs?
At his max Pete Rose weighed 190lbs at 6 foot. No way he took steroids. He's too small.
&gt; car dealerships Isn't car dealerships being shady common knowledge? At least it was around me household.
Pre-schools/Nursery Schools. Usually the worst of the worst teachers end up teaching there because they were incapable of teaching elementary school for some reason. That combined with sticking a bunch of women in one location you asking for nothing but cattiness, drama and gossip. Source: My mom is a career nursery school teacher and has worked for both Private and Public schools in 2 states. She has seen it all.
Night Clubs/Night Club Promoting. When it comes to most college night clubs a lot of times the promoting companies higher local models/let hot college girls in for free to make the club look active. While many of this girls pretend to flirt with guys for free drinks. Basically the night club industry is about image. As long as on the clubs facebook page the club looks active and full of hot girls. They know they will make money off of desperate horny guys.
&gt; Also, Arnon Milchan, a producer on movies like Fight Club, Gone Girl, and most recently, The Revenant, allegedly used his connections to steal U.S. military secrets and send them to Israel a few years back. Not a conspiracy theory, it was on the mainstream news. For whatever reason, he faced no repercussions for what he did. With the close, tight night relationship the US and Israel have, why would there be any repercussions? I'm sure its stuff we were going to tell them anyway.
Honestly I'd buy a higher quality ABS stick. A name brand one from inline Warehourse like a Sherwood, CCM or Alkali. Or buy your self a composite shaft and use the ABS blade for roller and a standard blade for Ice.
We may lose and we may win though we will never be here again so open up, I'm climbin' in, so take it easy RIP Glenn
Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat!
DUCKS FLY TOGETHER!
What's this the Oreo Line?
What did you do? MY JOB... (the way that kid says it is so evil).
After reading your comment I can help but think of this scene from Airheads https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8lstC5SGPg
Baseball and Hockey are my two favorite sports. The two I grew up playing and still play. For Baseball it's 61*, 42, The Natural, Field of Dreams and Major League. (Bull Durham and For Love of the Game are close but not my top 5). For Hockey it's Miracle, The Rocket, Goon, Slap Shot and Mystery, Alaska plus the Mighty Ducks.
Some how I forgot about the Sandlot. It's ahead of Bull Durham and For Love of the Game for me.
This is [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiwlH8wB7mY)
I like the way you think! My mom's gonna love this. Her birthday is coming up so this is going to be a good surprise.
She's just playing basketball with Dee Reynolds.
Earn that paycheck random dude.
If I remember correctly it was Grandy, Andruw Jones and I forget who the third one was.
My dad was sort of one when Dan Marino played era, but I think he mostly just liked Marino. He's always been a Giants fan.
I hate any team based in New England. The Bruins, The Pats and of course those god damn Red Sox.
Wait... what shoes?
"Greatest hockey player in the world... number 4! Bobby Orr! Whatta future he's got huh?" Edit: You know that's a quote Robert Mitchum says in Eddie Coyle but I can imagine Frank depressingly saying it in F is For Family.
I hope a full comic of this gets made.
Iroquois: Have You guys seen Snake's custom M4 Carbine? Otacon: Yeah that's things weird looking. Iroquois: No it's not. it's awsome, let me show you. (Leaves, room, comes back in waving the M4 around, pointing the barrel at Raiden, Otacon, and Johnny). Look at it up close. Otacon: That things dangerous man, looks poorly made, like an airsoft gun. Iroquois: THEN YOU DON'T HAVE TO LOOK AT IT ANYMORE! (Throws M4 against wall, it shatters).
Can't say I ever liked the Fine Bros much, but seriously this makes me never want to watch them ever again.
I remember those. I remember there was the one with the Marines too.
&gt; Feel free to post source of others bringing multiple peoples into a room and having them react to a video while filming it to prove me wrong. Here you go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ea2eNA38vk They brought multiple in the room and had them react to it while them filmed them. Before the Fine Bros existed.
Honestly... I was just being a smartass with my last comment.
I knew as soon as you said "My name is Pliskin. Iroquois Pliskin. LT. Junior Grade."
This is even cooler than Clerks!
Are we actually going to get some exposition or plot details in #12? Seriously does anyone actually know what CL44 is about?
We know nothing so far. With Marble Hornets we knew Alex was making a movie and stopped because the Operator kept appearing right from episode. In the next few entries we see more of the Operator and Alex starting to film himself sleep. Finally Jay goes into Alex and Brian's houses. (with the exception of Jay entering the houses all of the other stuff I mentioned we learned by Entry 12). In 12 Broadcasts of Clearlakes 44 we know nothing. No characters names, no background to whats going on, no clue as to what these broadcasts are for, what Clearlakes is. Nothing. So Yeah I want some plot and some exposition.
I guess it's Pond hockey rules?
But it's not the same as have proper names as Jay, Alex and Tim. Plus what is the point of them? Who are they? Who is the birdwatcher? So far just some cripple. Right from the beginning of Marble Hornets we actually had a plot. We don't have one in Clearlakes 44. Also I am going to compare Clearlakes to MH because of how good MH was is the only reason I am watching Clearlakes and I guarantee most people are only watching Clearlakes because of Marble Hornets. I know it's suppose to be different but so far it's been pretty dull and pointless. Also they are losing views because of it.
What backstory? The only thing we know about Birdwatcher is that he is a cripple, the Walker is watching him and he has a therapist. I know nothing about him. There is nothing remotely interesting about him. With Alex we knew right from the start that he was paranoid and someone or something was stalking him. You're right. I can't dissociate CL44 from MH because MH is the only reason I'm watching Cl44. Also MH had excellent story telling and was by far the best fictional series on Youtube. CL44 has had poor story telling thus far. Even Everymanhybrid, TribeTwelve and dare I say it... Lonelygirl15... had better story telling right from the start. (Well the last one might be debatable). The only reason I am still watching CL44 is because I loved MH and I like THAC, so I am hoping it gets better. But so far I do not like CL44.
Maskey and Hoody came later after we already were introduced to Alex, Jay, Brian, Seth, Jessica, etc. Besides they were fan names and we learned they were Tim and Brian. We also already had great backstory on Alex and Jay. I cared a lot about both characters from the start. I wanted Jay to find Alex and I was worried about Alex (when we thought he was a good guy and the victim). Honestly I don't care much about Birdwatcher. He's just there...
It's not even just because its not MH 2. CL44 sucks because so far it's been very dull. Even if MH never existed and what we have so far for CL44 does, CL44 still sucks. It's dull and has poor story telling. This may change in the future but so far not feeling it.
I'm rewatching them right now actually. If you thing Birdwatcher is character I should care about. Explain why right now? No hostility. Just explain it simply. Example: In the beginning of EHB, I cared about Evan and the others because they were funny and looked like they were having a good time. Or With TribeTwelve I found Noah's backstory with his cousin interesting, so I wanted to keep watching. Let's keep MH out of this. Just explain to me why I should care about Birdwatcher.
Look at you. You can't even pass!
Your views are similar to mine. I don't completely hate him either but not his biggest fan.
That's interesting. Honestly I am not very knowledgeable about HP Lovecraft other than Cthulhu (which I mostly know from South Park and the Metallica instrumental).
&gt; One of the more troubling and confusing things is the camera angles we've had BC#5 and on wards. All of them have been from impossible angles, switching to-and-from spots with no camera or person there to record. I honestly believe this to be the biggest reason why there's so much confusion with the series (aside from a slow delivery of exposition). Hopefully this will be explained further; for now, it seems to be simply a purely filming choice that has nothing to do with the events in-universe. Except of course, the latest video has challenged that idea. Your explanation was excellent and very detailed. The camera angles have been bothering me too. They kind of remind me of those old school multi-camera angle sitcoms (except this isn't a studio set). I'm still wondering why this is. BC#11 was interesting as it seemed like Totheark. I'm worried about what's going to happen with Tim and Joseph gone? We did see Tim in a CL44 video but now that he left what happens now?
"For our next challenge on top gear, we are going to have to push one of these Super cars back over and drive it to town without stopping for repairs."
I was an Automotive Journalist. If someone did claim to be one I would simply ask who they wrote for and Google their name plus the website or magazine they claim to write for. Or I would ask them if they think it's a great idea to install a muffler bearing on a 1983 Corvette.
Sports card values crashed around 2000-2001. All of the so called "rare cards" weren't as rare as people thought. Everybody and their mother had them. Even my 1958 Andy Bathgate isn't worth anything. Even my 1993 Derek Jeter rookie is only worth $10 or so.
&gt; I always wondered though, are those REALLY authentic game worn jerseys? :/ The question everyones been asking since the 90s. Only Upper Deck and Topps actually know.
Let's start with a 1983 Corvette. You buy it, then I'll take car of the muffler bearings, the blinker fluid and the o-pipe exhaust.
About the biggest pair you eva since dingleberry!
I will have to check that one out. His acting was good in the Vanishing on 7th Street but I didn't care for the movie much so I didn't mention it earlier.
&gt; The problem is that he doesn't take his job seriously (because he's bored, which is why it's so sad that he's stuck there for all that time when he has so much more potential). This right here is one of the reasons I kind of didn't like Jim and Pam as much as everyone else. Jim had charm and wit to do something else in life. Yet he stuck around only for Pam. I guess the cynic in me thought it was more pathetic then romantic. At least he got a Sports Agency at the end.
&gt; I can't sympathize with Lois after the finale. Her demands of Malcolm were ridiculously controlling. He wasn't out of control there - he was being offered a great job that would make him tons of money. She rejected it FOR him because of what SHE wanted him to do. It's the definition of a controlling Mom. I remember reading some article online a few years ago about how different people relate to different characters in Malcolm in the Middle. Anyway the author believed that as a mother herself that Lois not letting Malcolm take the job (Wall Street job right?) was a good thing because she would want her kids to earn it. My reaction was that's bullshit. Malcolm spent his entire childhood dealing with an idiot family and working his ass off in school. He's earned a six figure job as far as I am considered. I hated Lois after that too.
Helo was a character that grow on me. Hated him in the prequel when he wants to stay behind on Caprica as he felt everything was hopeless. He quickly grows into a badass, becomes an effective officer and ends up with the hot chick. Also I always felt Doc Cottle was underrated. He reminded me a bit of Col. Potter from M*A*S*H.
I can't really say there is anyone in It's Always Sunny I ever disliked. I liked all of the cast from the start.
Peggy and Bobby I didn't like at first but then I realized unlike the other animated sitcoms were the dad is the mubbling idiot in King of the Hill Hank is the smart one surrounded by idiots. There for Peggy and Bobby have to be the way the are.
On my college campus it seems like all the kids with Honda S2000s, Subaru STis and Lancer Evos are the spoiled brats who's parents bought them those cars. Most of are the same as how you described they talk shit about anyone who doesn't drive the same style car they do or wear the same expensive clothes or shoes. Me I'm the broke kid with an 86 Camaro IROC Z28that I payed for myself. All of there cars may be faster now but in the future my car will be a fast drag car.
&gt; Or straight line speed. Or safety. Or value for money. WTF? Muscle cars dominate drag racing. Also have you seen any car auctions? Muscle cars bring in way more money than any import. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzAwQA2j0i4
10 Cent Beer Night Part 2: $1 Beer Night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJL0Xc2lYWU
&gt; now that I think about it a rubber bullet would probably take out Zombies at this point Punching them in the head would probably work at this point. BB Guns too.
Same here. They are all assholes but that's why we love them.
That is true.
I didn't find it cheesy, just really hard to follow for my taste. There was another smaller slender series that I just couldn't into because the acting was too bad. It had a good concept of a cult in Jersey (I believe they partnered with Noah) but the acting wasn't believable.
If you YouTube the trailer for the Frequency TV Series your hopes are going to crash and burn. By the looks of the trailer they turned Frequency into a chickflick series... They even made the Sullivan's Yankees fans. (As a Yankees fan I should be happy about that but I am not).
Taylor Marie Hill.
Beagles are my favorite type of dog! They are smart, playful, fun and their stubborness makes for some frustratingly loveable moments. I have a Beagle mix and I enjoy taking her on walks and giving her plenty of sniffing time in different areas of grass so she can track and follow random scents. Also their loud howl keeps any danger away. Aarroooooooo!
aww a Blue Tick!
Jesse's the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral He has a tendency to wear his mind on his sleeve and He has a history of losing his shirt...
Chivalry is horse cavalry and as for as I know it does not exist anymore. Now it's Bradley assault vehicles and Blackhawk Helicopters. http://bettermyths.com/chivalry-isnt-dead-you-just-dont-know-what-the-fuck-it-is/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chivalry#Terminology_and_definitions It wasn't until the 1880s when the definition of chivalry changed.
I heard the song last night for the first time in awhile and now it's stuck in my head. As soon I as saw Jesse take off his shirt I know I had a good one today.
To those saying ads on Jersey's won't bother you or you are not getting the big deal. Think of it like this metaphor. Say you have just purchased a Ferrari. The car is beautiful with it's cherry red paint job and sleek lines. The only logo on it is the Ferrari logo. Now say that Ferrari started selling their beautiful cars covered in bumper stickers and painted on ads. It just wouldn't look as good right? Some people have suggested that even a small ad on the shoulder wouldn't look bad but it just wouldn't look right... http://i.imgur.com/BPZSA.jpg NHL Jerseys and North American Sports as a whole are like that. The Jerseys are works of art, they represent the team and the team alone. Only the make (Reebok and I'm guessing now CCM since Adidas owns them) and the Model (the team logo) should be displayed.
The game of life is hard to play I'm gonna lose it anyway The losing card I'll someday lay so this is all I have to say...
I'm only started taking boxing lessons recently but watching this video of Muhammad Ali has always motivated me to train and work out. It always puts me in a good mood every time I watch it. I even watch it before I took a few of my finals this last semester. Just how cool and confident Muhammad was, he knew he was the greatest and wasn't afraid to let the world know. He was very charismatic and worked harder than anyone else and used that to be the greatest. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F30t-weDqko RIP Muhammad Ali you were the Greatest, You shook up the world and will be missed.
Ernie Terrell what are you do on reddit?
That playing Grand Theft Auto prepares you for getting arrested. "I've played Grand Theft Auto, I know how this works!"
Heat Ronin Reservoir Dogs Inside Man The Usual Suspects- Give Me the Fucking Keys, You Fucking Cocksucka, muther fucka!
I'm on the fence about this ending. I knew the gun would be involved but I hoped for a better ending. This one seemed kind of lazy and too short. I was hoping for a 40 minute finale that would involve a bunch of the past characters. Corn, Buzz, Mark, Georgie and JT would all pull off an Ocean's 11 style heist for the safe. Corn and Mark would sneak in the window to help Jesse with his plan. They would crack open the save by guessing combos. JT would catch them and be filming as he came home to get his stuff. Psycho Dad would catch them and the four of them would flee to Georgie's in a panick. Aunt Melissa is pissed Jesse showed up and PD arrives. The two of them try attacking Jesse. Georgie attempts to hold PD off but hitting him with fireworks. So they then flee to Buzzes and PD knocks out everyone one by one save for JT and Jesse (who picks up the camera from knocked out Corn). JT and PD have a huge fist fight which JT tells Jesse to make his getaway in his car and Jesse flees to LA. The Psych Update would be the finale of Jesse in LA where in his hotel room he calls everyone (Corn, JT, Georgie, Uncle Larry and even his mom) to ask what has happened since he fled. He learns that PD has been jailed for assault. Then he releases Q&amp;A #30 revealing everything was fake. Perhaps even doing a Google hangout with all of the actors from the series. Instead we get a quick 15 min video of Jesse yelling about how PD made him this way and he shoots PD. While Jesse was never a good guy this completely kills any shot of redemption for his character. I know I'll get downvoted but this ending felt lazy and rushed to me.
I feel like him shooting his dad is going to lead to the most phone calls to the police department. Him stealing money and a few small fist fights would lead to less. I feel like everyone was probably burned out from the series which is why instead of filming an epic finale they filmed that short video and went on vacation to Switzerland instead before Jesse starts his new job.
Take out your two front teeth and let's do this!
Those are great! I love the water falls. I like your dog too!
I miss the snow, I love the pictures of the farms covered in snow. I want to play hockey on that frozen pond! I miss seeing the stars too. That's the one underrated thing I loved about trips up state. You could see the stars. South Jersey you could sort of see stars but mild light population. North Jersey forget about it. And here South Florida you can't see any either. Oh is that a Beagle I spy in one of the pictures?
I kind of felt bad for that fat kid.
That's my two loves right there; Baseball and Hockey!
Typical guido chick. She probably also hangs around a bowl alley in Philly and chases younger guys who drive Camaros...
Is it just me or does Wisconsin seem like a better place for expansion? Traditional market, decent population, good for local tv ratings, plenty of people playing the game and a arena already built too.
THe only problem I am seeing with Vegas though is it's such a tourist town. People go to Vegas for event style sports such as Boxing, UFC, NASCAR, NHRA, Motocross, etc. But could they sport a team that plays an 82 game season? When the team is new everyone is going to support it because of hype but would a franchise in Vegas last 5 to 10 seasons down the road? Especially when it has to compete with all of the above mentioned events year round. The other problem is too is that much of Vegas' native population works night shifts while games would be going on.
If you read my last comment I already said everyone would support the team because of hype. In the 90s the ECHL put a team in Louisiana, in it's first season it's attendance rivaled NHL franchises. Every game was sold out. A few seasons later the team went bankrupt. I was simply only stating I think Wisconsin is a better city for expansion I am aware they didn't apply but I simply think they are better and Vegas is not a good option. It's not just hockey I don't think any of the big four would do well in Vegas, even the NFL. It's just such as tourist town with people who work odd schedules that would hurt attendance. Vegas is very different from any other city. It's a city were 90% of it's population at any giving time are tourists and 90% of it's permanent population works are gaming workers with odd schedules.
http://vegasinc.com/business/public-record/2012/mar/19/list-largest-employers/ Maybe 90% is an overestimation (I'm from New Jersey people gave out overestimations all the time). But a Good portion of the city works for a casino or gaming company. All of the top 27 employers for Vegas are Casinos or Retail. My cousin lived in Vegas for a few years when he was stationed at the AFB. He said both the ECHL team and the Baseball team always struggled with attendance. The ECHL team also folded a couple of years ago.
You have the Bowling Green Hot Rods which I still say is one of the coolest logos in any sport. http://www.theclinkroom.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/BTS-BowlingGreen-5.png
The game of life is hard to play, I'm gonna lose it anyway...
The 1927 Yankees.
I personally am not sure. I haven't seen an EFI on a 283 sbc but it doesn't mean it can't happen. Are you a memember of Hotrodders.com by any chance? There are a lot of guys who have converted plenty of motors to efi that may help. Edit: I found this thread which may have some info (though throttle body may not be what you want). http://67-72chevytrucks.com/vboard/showthread.php?t=504837 As well as this: http://www.pirate4x4.com/forum/chevy/66653-283-factory-efi-options.html
I'm from Ocean County. I live in Florida currently. When I tell people I am from New Jersey people always reply that it must of sucked and that I must be happy to get away. I always tell them that I miss it everyday and I am going to move back one day (or to Upstate New York). I usually get weird looks or told I am crazy. I miss the lush Forests, the hills, the four seasons (Fall and Winter were my favorite seasons) and the clean crystal clear lakes. It seems like most Floridians only think of Newark and Camden as Jersey and only NYC as New York. They don't realize how beautiful the rural parts are.
Central/South Jersey- Central/South Jersey has an aging population compared to the northern part of the state. It feels like everyone knows everyone. A decent number of attractive girls though. Monmouth County has plenty of upper middle class WASPY girls but good looking getting to meet them if you are not part of their world. If you are an Italian-American or Irish-American they might date you just to piss off their fathers. Central Florida- kind of sucks. A shit ton of single mothers looking for a provider. Lots of older women in their 40s trying to chase younger guys. Tampa- Decent mix. Everything from hot college girls to single mothers again (what is with Florida and single mothers they are everywhere!) and again older women. Basically if you are of college age hang out at the bookstores near USF and you will find a girl. Tampa is kind of weird that a lot of people can be kind of stand offish when it comes to formal dating but more open about hook ups and partying. Depending on the section of Tampa there are a lot of Snobby people in Tampa. I think this is in a large part due to Tampa's large middle class population that lives in the cities many Gated Communities. Many girls will judge on what car you drive, what your parents do and which community you live in. (A common question asked is "Which community do you live in?"). Overall Tampa is hit or miss.
The same thing. I used Italian-American and Irish American because Monmouth and Ocean Counties are 90% Italian, Irish or English American with a handful of Jews. There are a few Blacks and Asians in the area though.
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Honestly I think if you are Hispanic you should have no problem. Maybe take a trip to Point Pleasant, Asbury Park or Avon to meet some girls at the Boardwalks. As along as you are in shape and act like a man. I think most of the Waspy girls would happily date a Hispanic even if just to piss off "daddy." Ocean County is a bit easier. Less Wasps more Irish/Italian. A handful or Puerto Ricans in the Toms River area (I think a lot of them moved there in the 90s from the Bronx). Like I said in Ocean County everyone kind of knows each other so a Hispanic guy who is in shape will seem exotic. My cousin who is half black had no problem in Point Pleasant.
Honestly I think if you are Hispanic you should have no problem. Maybe take a trip to Point Pleasant, Asbury Park or Avon to meet some girls at the Boardwalks. As along as you are in shape and act like a man. I think most of the Waspy girls would happily date a Hispanic even if just to piss off "daddy." Ocean County is a bit easier. Less Wasps more Irish/Italian. A handful or Puerto Ricans in the Toms River area (I think a lot of them moved there in the 90s from the Bronx). Like I said in Ocean County everyone kind of knows each other so a Hispanic guy who is in shape will seem exotic. My cousin who is half black had no problem in Point Pleasant.
There inline skates are still the best I've ever used. For sticks I prefer Bauer, CCM or Sherwood.
Mota by the Offspring is playing in the beginning! MOTA!
I love the user name! I just got an Eli rookie card not too long ago.
My Beagle said the same thing to the cat in the neighborhood.
All enforcers nice!
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho RACEWAY PARK! Awesome video man. I know the 440 would win but still fun to watch none the less. I loved watching the two guys bench race in the video. The guy rooting for the Chevelle sounded like an Italian American and the guy rooting for the GTX sounded Irish. Makes me home sick for New Jersey.
I think they are FAST cars but I know at E-Town in the past they have run Pure Stock drags were old cars use new tires and only a few mods such as an aftermarket carb and intake manifold are allowed.
The 1998 Pontiac Trans Am. The commercials of it stop light racing at night made 6 year old me want one so badly. "The muscle car lives" That along with the 1998 Camaro SS. Seeing Warren Johnson drive a Trans Am body pro stock in the late 90s and Kurt Johnson drive the Camaro pro stock body while watching NHRA on TNN as a kid made me want those cars so badly.
My car doesn't have rear wipers...
Dude that is not John Rambo.
I barely remember him playing. I'm from New Jersey and a Rangers fan and I was 7 when he left the Caps (plus I don't think he was a big enough player to get highlighted in that market). It seemed like he was a good career AHL D-man just never made his mark in the NHL. Ken on the other hand was enforcer through and through. I miss Power Forwards like Messier, Keith Tkachuk, John LecLair, Eric Lindros, Rick Tocchet, etc. We do still have Jamie Benn, Ryan Getzlaf, Corey Perry and David Backes. But Power Forwards make a minority these days.
Ford vs Chevy.
Ponyboy? Is that you?
I'm too poor so it's Squire vs Epiphone. Go Epiphone.
Pork Roll vs Taylor Ham. They are both the same product but the idiots in the NYC Metro keep insisting it's called Taylor Ham despite the fact that nowhere on the package does it say Taylor Ham.
Back in the 90s and early 2000s it was Hot Wheels vs Matchbox vs Johnny Lightning (RIP). As well as Racing Champions vs Action Racing Collectables. Now it almost seems like Hot Wheels has a monopoly. As a kid I preferred Hot Wheels as an Adult I prefer Johnny Lightning.
Johnny Lightning's realistic cars were always way better than Matchbox.
r/nerfmasterrace
Darry what's up man. Sorry about Dally.
I haven't turned on the game yet. What's with the low SOG? Our the Sabres out possessing us?
Pvt. Joker!?!? I didn't know you were a Rangers fan.
I'm still hopeful for a second and strong 3rd. I think Defense needs to step it up though.
WHO SAID THAT? WHO THE FUCK SAID THAT?Who's the slimy little bender down here, who just signed his own death warrant? NOBODY HUH? SAM FUCKIN' ROSEN SAID IT! I will make you do three period drill until you die! I will make you do suicide sprints until your assholes are sucking buttermilk!
I'll give you that. I don't collect cars on a mass scale and go months to a year with out buying one but the last few I bought have now been Johnny Lightning and NHRA Pro Stocks made by Action Racing. I own a 1986 Camaro IROC Z and purchased both the Hot Wheels and the Johnny Lightning versions. The Matchbox version just doesn't look good.
I had to Google Dragon's Den. The only Canadian Shows I really know and regularly watch are Trailer Park Boys, Letterkenny and Coach's Corner (I YouTube Coach's Corner). I had no idea Shark Tank was an American version of Dragon's Den.
Movement II (100 Degreess, Space Cadet and Demon Cleaner) is my favorite part of the album. I love how it starts out so loud and intense "Step on, I beg you please It's a 100 degrees, I'm on my knees" to the super mellow and thought provoking Space Cadet to the slightly more up beat Demon Cleaner. Everything Space Cadet comes on I can't help but simile and sing along to "I stand alone on the cliffs of the world."
It seems like a good portions of bands hate the Stoner rock label. I know Fu Manchu does. They just view themselves as a fun hard rock band with lots of songs about cars, skateboarding and having fun.
I thought she was attractive for an older women when I watched Burn Notice but I saw Scent of a Woman for the first time and the Tango scene, HOLY HELL IS SHE ONE FINE WOMAN! She was dressed conservatively in the film and she looked as beautiful as can be.
&gt; The first was when he,Larry,Corn,Terry played Monopoly in the RV. Are you talking about the one from the Psycho series? Honestly it wasn't the best video but it didn't bore me. However, there were a few videos over the summer before the Doc series started that I found boring and skimmed through.
"His momma named him Clay, so I'ma gonna call him Clay!"
I wrote this months ago and I still stand by what I've said. I think this would have made a better and more realistic ending for the Psycho series "I'm on the fence about this ending. I knew the gun would be involved but I hoped for a better ending. This one seemed kind of lazy and too short. I was hoping for a 40 minute finale that would involve a bunch of the past characters. Corn, Buzz, Mark, Georgie and JT would all pull off an Ocean's 11 style heist for the safe. Corn and Mark would sneak in the window to help Jesse with his plan. They would crack open the save by guessing combos. JT would catch them and be filming as he came home to get his stuff. Psycho Dad would catch them and the four of them would flee to Georgie's in a panick. Aunt Melissa is pissed Jesse showed up and PD arrives. The two of them try attacking Jesse. Georgie attempts to hold PD off but hitting him with fireworks. So they then flee to Buzzes and PD knocks out everyone one by one save for JT and Jesse (who picks up the camera from knocked out Corn). JT and PD have a huge fist fight which JT tells Jesse to make his getaway in his car and Jesse flees to LA. The Psych Update would be the finale of Jesse in LA where in his hotel room he calls everyone (Corn, JT, Georgie, Uncle Larry and even his mom) to ask what has happened since he fled. He learns that PD has been jailed for assault. Then he releases Q&amp;A #30 revealing everything was fake. Perhaps even doing a Google hangout with all of the actors from the series. Instead we get a quick 15 min video of Jesse yelling about how PD made him this way and he shoots PD. While Jesse was never a good guy this completely kills any shot of redemption for his character. I know I'll get downvoted but this ending felt lazy and rushed to me." I don't think the Psycho Series ending is terrible (or as bad as the endings for the Haunting Series and the Christmas series) but it does seem rushed.
THANK YOU! I am so tired of everyone from the Internet to real life taking Mars One seriously. Right from the start the whole thing has been a joke. Yet people take it seriously. If I remember reading something correctly. The 8 mil Mars One has is not even enough to put a man into Orbit.
Thank you man. That's what I figured. I knew Mars One was a joke from the start.
If you honestly think Vin Scully is boring old man ramble you need to get your ears checked...
I should clairify that most of the people who play kickball are at my college. I didn't start going to college until I was 22 so I am a 24 year old sophomore. Adult Kickball leagues do seem to be growing in America for whatever reason.
&gt; It's not. You simply have out of shape, jealous, or ignorant acquaintances. That is no doubt true. It seems like around here 90% of the people 30 and older are fat. We play on Sunday mornings so most of the guys have plans afterwords with family so we don't have a postgame drinking sadly.
Try it anyway. I started again at 21. I really didn't practice much at home that first season but I still had fun. At 24 going on 25 I am much better.
Baseball and hockey are the most expensive and hardest sports to organize. Street Roller Hockey can be easy to organize if you have a decent pool of players but if not it's hard. After reading this thread and thinking about the people I know who play Softball in real life, I blame laziness. A good portion of people I know over 30 are fat. Slow Pitch softball takes way less skill than baseball so there for I guess more people play it.
That's sort of how it goes. Except usually people think it's weird.
I will say that when I did play softball once 5 years ago there were a lot of people who fit the "Dudebro" stereotype except they were 30s and 40s something. The people in my baseball league are a more blue collar crowd. Most of them Active Duty Military, Police or Fireman. They look rough on the outside, they curse a ton but are nice.
I might just do that this spring. LOL.
I've been trying to get my Dad to play again for years. I think he is just too lazy too sadly. (He's never even played softball). I would love to play Baseball with my dad.
I know you are being Downvoted but I kind of agree with you.
It's funny too because I didn't even make my High School team. When I joined the league was super welcoming. I think it's because our league is small and we don't get a lot of new players. There is even one guy in my league who stopped after coaches pitch and didn't play again until he was 26. He's 29 now and has got the hang of the game.
The one thing I have noticed. The adult sports that are more kids games (Ultimate Frisbee, Frisbee gold, kickball, dodgeball) or take less skill (softball, flag football) seem to attract more overly competitive people who take it WAY too seriously. At my baseball and my hockey league everyone is more laid back. We play competitively but no one wants to hurt each other or waste time arguing. When I witnessed both a softball game and a game of Ultimate Frisbee at my college all anybody wanted to do was argue and fight.
I should probably stop correcting people at this point. Anyone fellow redditor suggested I tell people I play Semi-Pro baseball, maybe I will.
Still mad Robby left us?
Exactly right! Plus throwing a baseball is more fun, fielding it is more fun and I love the crack of the wood bat. I'm thinking about buying the Tuff Cuff program to learn to pitch. I've never pitched in my life. Mostly was right field growing up and the last 3 years in the NABA it's been 2B and sometimes 3B. I kind of want to try 1B too.
I miss him. He's probably my all time favorite second baseman aside from Craig Biggio.
I had high hopes for those because I love DIY projects but 90% of them were Jesse filming himself while he made air hammer, everytime Uncle Larry and Corn hammered.
DO IT! Trust man man you will have a lot of fun. Check out some NABA Baseball videos https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=naba+baseball Get in shape and even if you aren't 100% come spring, play anyways. Play for the love of the game.
Make the drive man. Even if it's an hour and a half to two hours it's worth it. A few guys in my league make the long drive.
Same here. I enjoyed the shopping trips to Lowe's. I think Uncle Larry should post more DIY videos on his channel. I would love to see him and Joe do some DIY projects.
Dude where the Fuck did you live that had Villagers blowing up scooters and mass amounts of poverty in the 80's? Are you from one of those Eastern Block countries?
Honestly I'm not sure. Maybe it was just a Psycho Series plot point. It would be awesome if they did expand the lounge and do DIY series on it. They should add a little humor and do a Home Improvement parody. I think Joe would make a great Al.
&gt; What city was Doug born in? Bloatsburg
&gt; What was Doug's favourite childhood cartoon? Quailman!
&gt; What caused Doug's life-long hatred of cats? Roger's cat is pure evil.
Keep it Rigid Druggies.
I really do hope Daym returns. He was great in this.
Vin Scully is the greatest announcer of all time by far. In 2011 I got the MLB at Bat for the first time and Began watching as many Dodgers games as I could. I became a Dodgers fan thanks to Vin. I am even wearing a Dodgers shirt right now. Bob Miller of the LA Kings is highly underrated in my opinion. I like watching Kings games on the NHL Game Center when I can just to here Miller call a game.
Is Jack Edwards underrated though? When it comes to NHL announcers I thought he was pretty well known, along with Sam Rosen of the Rangers.
Butthead: Hey Beavis it's the liar guy! Beavis: Yes! LIE! LIE! LIE!
It would be like this if he killed Glenn: Negan Rollins: I'm not gonna kill anyone. I promise. Rick and Co (on their knees): that's a relief, thank god. Negan Rollins walks over to Glenn and bashes his head with Lucille. Rick: I though you said you weren't going to kill anyone!?! Negan Rollins: WELL I'm LAIR! YEAH I'm Liar! SUCKER! and I'll lie again and again!
I miss the NHL on ABC. I love their old intro, brings back nostalgic memories. There coverage was better than NBC.
I can honestly say that was nifty. I've never really followed Lacrosse. Box Lacrosse looks really interesting to me though, since basically hockey without skates.
The LT. got a seizure from watching the Jerk. As soon as I saw OPs title, I thought of Black Hawk Down and knew it was going to be this scene.
Even in 2005 when cars like this were at their Peak I don't think a "pimped out" 95 Civic was worth $30K. In 2017, forget it. I kind of wonder though, next decade when 2000s nostalgia starts will people be nostalgic for these cars?
If I was Jesse James I would buy it and do this again https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVjn7aj9pxI
One little thing I find interesting about Field Lacrosse vs Box Lacrosse is that Field Lacrosse jerseys have numbers on the front much like Football jerseys as wear Box has the team logo on the front like hockey. Field Lacrosse helmets looker closer to Football helmets as where Box Lacrosse looks like they just wear hockey helmets. (Hockey gloves too) The Goalie in Box looks like he almost wears hockey gear.
Don't forget about Rooster and Them Bones and Bleed the Freak (their most underrated single in my opinion).
WHAT THE FUCK? I miss the game so I didn't see what happened. How did the Rangers give up 3 consecutive goals in the third?!?!?
Was it Giradi and Klein again? Something needs to be done about our defense. They can not keep playing this badly!
I could believe it. Excellent photoshop job I could see Brian Leetch's signature.
I guess you can say it's a "basket case."
The speeches at the end from the Psycho family were very inspirational! This was my favorite BTS so far.
I loved Jeff's inspirational speech at the end. I want to hear more from him out of character.
If the V2 were the ones with the magnets those were my favorite. I had both the Dragoon V2 and the Dranzer. I actually preferred Dranzer overall. It seems like almost every kid had Dragoon.
Shut up nerd!
That and how Charlie casually told Dennis he gave Frank hickies to sell that he has AIDS.
It was only 17 minutes long rather than 22-24 mins.
I only had a small collection of Beyblades (beyblade came out when I was in fourth grade so I only followed it for 2 and a half years). But the Dranzer V2 was my person favorite. I loved customizing them and mixing them. I had the Black Dranzer too and was disappointed because the top part chipped easily... It seemed like the group of 6 kids or so mostly had every variation of Dragoon since Tyson was their favorite character. I remember walking into target once circa 2004 and half the Beyblade section was Dragoons. I owned personally Dranzer S, Black Dranzer (aka F), Dranzer V, Dranzer V2, Dragoon F, Dragoon V2 and Vortex Ape.
Of course Canada we will also be friends. We are NHL buddies! Seriously though you guys gotta get Don Cherry elected as president.
I know right she says "You're on a bicycle" like it's a diss. I guessing being on a bicycle is the new "you're a white male" for these people. You based people and your bicycles! lol
Seinfeld was never political. Jerry has never been political in his stand ups.
What I mean is Seinfeld never did an episode where the characters rallied behind a Candidate. The show could have easily did episodes about both the 1992 Election and the 1996 where they rally behind Clinton and Kramer is a Ross Perot supporter but they chose not too. Political dialogue and situations never come up in Seinfeld. I get that reddit as a whole is pissed that Trump got elected. That's fine, they have the right to be. But Seinfeld was never political and this plot line makes no sense is all I am saying.
After being forced to eat Papa John's Sam and Joe should be given a Maserati!
NO! It is beyond terrible. For a few years down here in Florida Papa Johns and Pizza Hut were all we had. I prefered Pizza Hut so that's had bad Papa Johns is. Still better than Domino's though.
I gotta ask though what does punching random people, smashing windows and throwing trash cans actually accomplish? It's one giant temper tantrum. So yeah these people are madlads.
Honestly I've never heard of him before. But you didn't answer my question. What does smashing windows and throwing trash cans actually accomplish?
Honestly, I don't think Richard Spencer is that well known. Never heard him before. So because you disagree with a someone you should destroy random strangers stuff? What if I came to your house, set your car on fire and smashed all your windows? Going around destroying things is beyond stupid and juvenile. You aren't sending any message. The only thing you are doing is pissing people off. You as an American have the right to disagree with President Trump. That's fine. But encouraging people to riot and destroy other peoples things? That's sick.
I'm sensitive because I don't want anything like the Ferguson riots to spreed across the US. People have the right to protest as long as they do it peacefully, I don't care. But destroying businesses (many small businesses were destroyed in Ferguson and will never open again), cars, homes, etc. It's terrible. Just because someone has insurance, doesn't give you the right to destroy their stuff. What if I set your car on fire? "It's ok right? You have insurance. What's the big deal?" All rioting does is ruin innocent bystander's lives. If you can't see how stupid it is, something is wrong with you. You can disagree with Trump all you want. That's fine. But I don't want any riots to break out.
This is why I think more college hockey players should play a atleast a season in the AHL. It will get them use to the longer schedule. That being said I think Vesey will bounce back soon.
That's a Christian goalie stick! I haven't seen any Christian sticks for years. I have a Wooden Sherwood that I fool around with down in my garage sometimes. This video makes me want to go do just that.
You know I have to say that article might very well be the single dumbest thing I have ever read.
Basically the whole article was a pretentious rant about how anarchists aren't trying to win over "us" when they destroy property. It just proves how dumb anarchists really are. What really is the purpose.
Because you disagree with the president you are willing to destroy innocent livelihoods, homes and property? People who have nothing to do with politics what so ever? The limo they burned belonged to an immigrant man who came to the US to start his own limo company and make a life for himself. What did burning his limo have to do with Trump? Why bother him? He has nothing to do with the election. Why hurt him? Stuff like makes me sick. It's uncalled for.
Then what are you implying before? It seems like everyone seems to think that rioting is ok now just because they disagree with the president.
&gt; Nobody's destroying random people's cars and houses. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/limo-torched-in-dc-protests-belongs-to-muslim-immigrant-may-cost-70000-in-damages/article/2612747 Not only did they destroy the limo but they throw rocks at the driver. What did the fuck? https://www.nationwidecar.com/contact/ Why don't you call them up and tell them they deserved to have their limo destroyed and their driver hurt.
Harry Caray what are you doing on reddit? If the moon was made of spare ribs would you eat it?
That and for me the Upstate New York setting of Most Wanted was awesome. I love how they made the beginning of the movie take place in Upstate New York as a tribute to most wanted.
The wall that is mason won't be standing for long. The Rangers will get one through.
I bet even if everyone on this subreddit sold a kidney we probably couldn't afford the down payment. That being said if I ever have to live in the city I would prefer Staten Island or Rockaway beach. But I prefer Central New York.
&gt; You got some 'ludes, man? People on 'Ludes should not drive.
I didn't even think of this. You are on to something here. It's genius.
Honestly Trump is playing like Joe Namath and the 1968 Jets. Everyone thought Namath was a idiot playboy (he was a playboy but had smart football knowledge as a QB) but he use that to his advantage since he knew his opponents would underestimate him.
My family that use to live there in the 90's and 2000s loved it. They live in Central New York know which they love even more. When I visited New York, Staten Island was nice. It was city like without being too crowded or noisy. But I'm from Ocean County so I like rural and small towns.
I'd rather go to Central New York. Oneida County or way out west to Oswego County. Cheap land, low cost of living and plenty of ruralness to enjoy. Right now I am stuck in Florida and it's crowded as hell.
Now this is a great Seinfeld episode!
Your Animation looks perfect! Hopefully you can get this uploaded because I want to watch it.
At first I only saw the At 84 Dick Van Dyke fell asleep, I paniked. "My thought was Oh no, not Dick Van Dyke too!" But then I realized he is older than 84 and still alive and read the rest of the title.
I hate to say it but this is probably right. Hopefully Jesse will do a new series soon and maybe Uncle Larry will be in it. He's a good actor, just not original when it comes to his own content.
I love this movie! The speech the Count gives at his son's birthday is amazing. "Do your worst!" It's one of my favorite all time movie speeches.
Days of Thunder (1990) with Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall, Cary Elwes, Randy Quaid and Nicole Kidman. The production values are extremely high, the soundtrack is amazing and the movie is a lot of fun. It was a huge hit when released in 1990 but it's a shame that it was dismissed for being a NASCAR movie.
I saw Gleaming the Cube for the first time a few years ago. Grind is the skateboarding movie of my generation. Gleaming the Cube was kind of fun though. It was the good kind of 80's cheese.
I still enjoyed the first 90 mins. Is it perfect? No. Does some of it make no sense (the rental car scene) yes. But is it loads of mindless fun? YES! Days of Thunder is not an Oscar winner by any means but it's good stupid fun and I like it. And Yes it is Top Gun with cars. Tony Scott just remade his own movie.
As a kid in the 90's I watched all 3 of the major motorsports, NHRA, IRL and NASCAR. All of them were more fun back then. The cars looked more unique, the drivers had real personalities and simply didn't give off a shopping list of sponsors for an interview. I stopped watching NASCAR circa 2002. The weird thing is as NASCAR became more uniformed and the "Good Ol' Boy" style of racing (cars bumping and wrecking each other) died out NASCAR became more popular among the mainstream. I guess I like this movie because it's a time capsule of the last days of the Good Ol' boy era. I love the scenes of Tom Cruise and Cary Elwes putting each other into the wall.
A 1969 Camaro SS with a 454 BBC aluminum crate engine stroked out to 496 with blown with fuel injection. T-56 manual transmission, A monster 5.11 rear end. Basically an all out 7 second drag car.
I have yet to read to the book but from what I read online that after the Count breaks out of the prisoner, the book is very different.
Either Charlie Kelly or Kramer.
The Shitter was full.
I like how he calls his grandfather Pop-pop. This is a very common thing among Americans (especially Irish and Italian Americans) in the Northeast. As far as I know the term is not used else where in the US. It's what I called my late Grandfather. After I moved to Florida, people down here thought I was weird for calling my grandfather that. Anyway I miss my Pop-Pop too, it's been 6 years but I miss him everyday.
Hey Arnold! The Journal. (While Nick did air a handful of Hey Arnold! episodes after this for at least another year and a half, this was suppose to be the series finale not Grandpa's Packard).
The Buick GSX 455 was the ultimate top of the line muscle car. I love how mean it looks. The 1970 Pontiac GTO looks like it could kick you ass, the 1970 Buick GSX will come over and kick it. This thing was designed to be a street legal dragster, one that gives a middle finger to speed limits and treats every stoplight as a Christmas tree.
I would call up Coker Tire and ask. If anyone knows, it's them.
1920s? What? Sure was there the Indy 500 in the 20s were guys built one off cars for? Sure. Was there some racing out on dry lake beds? Sure but there weren't any muscle cars in the 20s. A muscle car is a V-8 powered car, designed for drag racing. Muscle cars were built by the Big 3 (and AMC) to compete in NHRA and AHRA Super Stock drag racing. "Win on Sunday, Sell on Monday" was a term coined because which ever car one in Super Stock eliminator back in the 1960s on Sunday, sold the best locally on Monday.
&gt; Getting wasted is. I once heard a dude yell, "c'mon that was offside by a mile!" So he was so wasted he thought he was at a Leaf's game.
Is that the Chicago Wolves? I heard fans are extremely passionate about the Wolves.
&gt; Rockford Icehogs Gotcha. I've never been to an AHL game. I like the Utica Comets since I have family in Oneida County, NY. I also like the Rochester American's since the Sabres are my second team. I've been to NHL (Rangers, Devils and Lighting) and ECHL (Everblades) but never an AHL game.
I'm still mad that Brian Leetch, Adam Graves, Wayne Gretzky, Jeff Beukeboom and Mike Richter didn't make that trip...
Football is ok. It's fun to play but I've never liked watching it that much. I've always found soccer and basketball to be boring. I love hockey and baseball though. I love how they are basically opposites of each other. Yin and Yang.
LOL He might remember Josh Donaldson getting a hat trick.
It's just not for me. I've tried getting into basketball over the years but it's not my thing. I've tried playing it, tried watching both NCAA and the NBA, it's just not my thing.
That English Racing Green Jag was beautiful! This car makes a cameo in the opening shootout scene of bullet that takes place in the parking garage. McQueen had an impressive motorcycle collection too, a bunch of vintage Triumphs and Hondas.
"You work your side of the street and I'll work mine!"
I love that song. Brian Fallon is a lyrical genius.
Beagles are the best dogs! They are so photogenic and have so much personality.
Everytime I open the pantry or the fridge she comes running. No matter where she is in the house. Anyway tell your Beagles I said "aaarrrooooooo!"
Upstate New York is the world's best kept secret. It's so beautiful.
A lot of it is because a lot of Jesse's fans are young and the idea that something is fake on YouTube is new to them. I'm sure most of us on this subreddit are 21-30 years old or so and for most of us YouTube was new when we were in middle school and high school. We are old enough to remember Lonelygirl15 being fake, Marble Hornets being fake (was obvious from the start, still an amazing series) and Wafflepwn being fake. A lot of Jesse's fans don't know about any of that stuff. They only know McJuggernuggets.
I everytime I see ??? in the comments or the description I can't help but think of you're rival from Pokemon Gold and Silver aka Silver. Since the first time you battle him he is ???.
This is the closest I could find https://archive.org/details/ClassicVinScullyHighlights
Exactly right. Let's keep telling everyone how great Florida is, so they keep moving there in record numbers. (They are too).
Swiftie is a Yankees fan! Alright! Also is Swiftie actually a Fireman? I hope that means NJ is having a Fireman shortage!
I know a few years ago downhere in Florida they wanted you to pay to attend the Fire Academy before you could become a Volley. No way Swiftie would have passed. My cousin in NJ served 4 years as an Air Force Firefighter while getting a degree in Fire Science and had to work as a Volley for a year before he got hired full time. I'm guessing the economy is a little better now. I'm going into the military as an officer first. When I get out I either want to be NYSP, NJSP or a Fireman in NJ or way out in Buffalo or Upstate New York.
Got a ride in a AT-AT I see.
It's a YouTube series done in a vlogging style from 2006-2007, about a girl who is in a cult and wants to escape.
10 year olds dude...
Swiftie's a Devils fan... really? (I couldn't tell what Hockey card was in the picture by the door. I think it might be Scott Stevens). Atleast he has a Derek Jeter picture. Also Exit 82, Ocean County, NJ!
This is no doubt true. I'm convinced George Lucas got the idea for Obi Wans death from Gandalf the Grey's death in the Followship of the Ring. I'm sure Lucas read LOTR as a kid.
Please tell you played this at the wedding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0qH2IaSjEU
???'s real name is Silver https://i.ytimg.com/vi/QDTOSOsMiM0/hqdefault.jpg http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Silver_(game)#Pok.C3.A9mon_Gold.2C_Silver.2C_and_Crystal
You guys know Hector too?
It's like a real life Seinfeld episode!
It means everything man. Just think about it. You see ??? outside of Prof. Elms place and when you confront him he pushes you and tells you to scram. Later you are on a mission for Prof. Elm and you get a call from him saying that someone broke into the lab and stole a Pokemon. Later you run into ??? and have to battle him. But thankfully you're Cyndaquil is stronger than his Totodile. It all relates to what ??? is doing in the new series with the pranks and drugs and shit. It's all connected man. Like how when Team Rocket hijacked the radio Station in Golden Rod City? Remember that? That's going to tie in as well.
Hell man! Back in the day I beat both Joto and Kento. I caught both Ho-oh and Lugi too! And Red Gyarados too!
Active the asset.
My first was Red version (I just turned 25), I still have my working GBC and my copies of Red, Gold and Silver. However my Gold and Red no longer save. I'm replaying Gold on emulator. Gold and Silver are my personal favorites though. I think they were the best Pokemon games.
It will all make sense soon. So in Pokemon Gold and Silver in there is a place called Mahogany Town. In the lake there is a Red Gyarados. All ??? has to do is catch the Red Gyarados and his hair will turn red. Trust me man it will all make sense soon. Also he is going to drag Parker on a hunt to catch Suicune in woods in Ursla's.
The Misfits will never be the same without Jerry Only, Danzig and Doyle. Michael Graves is good too. I don't know who these people are though.
The single biggest thing that frustrates me in Aviation today is the cost of getting a PPL.
I'm not a pilot (yet) I know for a fact there are some Air Force pilots that have tattoos on there shoulders (I believe for USAF Officers all tattoos must be covered by T-Shirt and Shorts). I don't work for an airline but I can't imagine if a guy flew F-16s for 20 plus years is a retired Lt. Col. an Airline would reject him for having a shoulder tattoo that could be covered easily. I say if you get more, keep them on shoulders, chest or back wear they can be covered by a t-shirt.
Ill be starting work at an FBO in 2 weeks, I've been told I get a 25% discount. I guess part of me is just frustrated. I'm 25 and the economy is being bad to me over the last 7 years or so. Most jobs only seem to last a year before a mass layoff occurs or they go out of business. I'm done everything from Mow Lawns to change oil.
&gt; To anyone who says being an airline pilot is being a glorified bus driver, get an IR. I agree with everything you have said but honestly the only guys I have ever heard say being an airline pilot is being a glorified bus driver are F-16, F-15 and A-10 drivers. I knew a retired a F-4/F-16 driver. He became a Helicopter pilot for the NJSP after he retired from the Air Force because he felt being an Airline Pilot was being a bus driver...
Phil Housely on the Caps Eric Lindros as a Ranger Marty McSorley as a Bruin Marty St. Louis on the Flames Andy Bathgate was a Penguin.
You mean Caps legend Phil Housley?
The dude's work is amazing! I love how every picture he paints he writes a short story for it. This is another favorite of mine that he did http://fastlaneillustration.deviantart.com/art/1969-Dodge-Charger-At-A-and-W-diner-Painting-331465547 Also does he sell them? How much does he sell them for?
Please PM me. $20 is a great price, that's a steal if you ask me.
I know right. Him and Jake actually seemed cool in this video. I was actually rooting for them.
I know right. Just of even suggesting that, all his games will be blacked out next year.
In recent years the Lightning. Mostly due to the dumb policy of not letting away fans wear jersey's and the booing of Brad Richards. For a few years the Lightning were my second team but their fan base has grown to be a little smug. Booing Brad Richards, Booing St. Louis, Texting guest services to get away fans removed from the game for wearing away the team Jerseys. (I can't believe they actually have that policy). I'll say this though. Lightning fans who actually play hockey are usually cool and down to earth. It's the ones who have mostly gotten into following the team in the last 5 or so years that suck. Before that I've never liked the Montreal Canadians (still don't even though Pacioretty is cool) and I've never liked Canucks either. (Though Messier looked great wearing number 11).
I feel like the problem as a whole is a lot of Tampa sports fans are smug when their team is good, no matter the sport. When the Rays were good back in 08-2010 the Rays fans were smug as hell. They kept insisting that the Philly transplants in the area only liked the Phillys because "they won all the time" and Rays fans were true fans for supporting a losing team for years. They said the samething about Yankees, Red Sox and Orioles fans too. I don't know what it is the Tampa Bay Area seems to attract a lot of smug people. (The city is mostly made up of gated subdivisions and gated apartments, so that could be a reason why). That being said I'm not sure what is worse. The fact that there is a decent concentration of smug Lightning fans in Tampa or the fact that here in Central Florida most people don't even though the Lightning exist.
I've always been a smartass. Patrick Swayze cheats in those training building contests! Sebastian Bach is the real champion!
It's not bad. The only complaint I have is the music they play inbetween plays is super loud it's hard to hear the guy next to you. Blasting loud music seems to be a common thing in Tampa though. Restaurants in the area do it too.
It was back during the 2015 ECF between the Rangers and the Lightning. The Lightning made a policy that they didn't want Rangers fans wearing their gear if they had tickets near the glass. Rangers fans being the crafty northerners that they are would buy Lightning Jersey's but wear Rangers stuff underneath and take off their lightning jersey's at the game. So at the game they were telling Lightning fans to text guest services if they spotted a Rangers fan doing this. https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/370ukp/alert_guest_services_tampa_bay_lightning_and_fans/?sort=confidence
Yeah that sounds like Tampa. I can only imagine "The house here aren't as nice as the ones in Tampa. My house in Tampa is in a gated community." "We have Ybor in Tampa, the best clubs in the world are in Ybor. Have you ever been to Yboy? It's the best place in the world!" "You should see Tampa's downtown. It's so alive and real. This downtown looks to fake." "In Tampa we have Hyde Park, which is a real authentic neighborhood. This neighborhood looks to fake." "Have you ever been to Seminole Heights? Seminole Heights is a historic neighborhood. It's full of so much history."
I think it was only for the playoffs.
You're right though, I have nothing against any player on the Bolts. LeCavalier is one of my all time favorite players. I like Stamkos too. I just can't stand the ownership or the fanbase. I'm not a fan of Tampa as a whole. I'm not really a major city guy to begin with. But I can honestly say I have met smug and snobby people from Tampa Bay then anywhere else. If a place is full of gated communities I try to avoid it. Also what did Brad Richards ever do besides sign with the Blackhawks? Why boo him? Also I don't recall any other team during the playoffs not letting away fans wear their teams merch. Just Tampa.
Only really South Florida. Central and North Florida are either A. Native Floridians (usually have "Flo-Grown" stickers on their cars and trucks). B. Midwest Transplants (with Ohio being the most common). C. Transplants from Other Southern States (mostly the Carolinas in my experience). Are there northerners in the area? Yes. All of them support their Northern teams though. They are the Yankees, Red Sox and Phillys fans in the area. Rays-Lightning Fans are Floridians. I can honestly say I've never met a New Yorker become a Lightning fan or a New Englander Bolts fan. Here in central Florida it's kind of like Texas. Everyone is obsessed with High school and college football. The Gainesville Gators are all anyone cares about.
It seems like it. Looks like a French City with American Style suburbs from what I've seen on YouTube. I've always wanted to drive through rural Quebec to see what it's like as well.
I've honestly never been down that far South on the Atlantic cost. Actually I've only ever been to Cape Carnival twice and not in 10 years now. One day I would like to go see a Panthers game as Part of my journey to see all now 31 NHL teams. I've been to MSG, the Meadowlands and Amalie Arena.
From the pictures Rural Quebec reminds me of Upstate New York. Farms, lush forests, lakes and hills. The houses have similar architecture too. They have that Northern look to them. I'm from a rural suburb in South Jersey and the rural Northeast is where I feel most at home. One day I will have to take a road trip through Quebec.
"You Obviously Do Not Know Who You Are Fucking With!" Is one of my all time favorite lines. I miss Wesley Snipes. I haven't seen him in anything in awhile.
The Abyss starter pack!
As soon as I saw this picture "MY NAME IS KID ROCK!" popped into my head and now I have "Bawitdaba da bang a dang diggy diggy diggy said the boogy said up jump the boogy" stuck in my head.
What I always wanted to know was, what did Lemiux do during the 04-05 Lockout? Who's side did he take? Did he argue with himself?
&gt; John Tortorella Pacing Around Penn Station Screaming At Total Strangers To Clear Puck Into Neutral Zone This one if my favorite because I could honestly picture this happening a few years ago. Torts has too much to drink one night at Foley's next thing you know he's taking the train home and yelling at random strangers to clear the puck! Edit: I lost it after I read this "Reports just confirmed that Tortorella is shouting at a New Jersey Transit employee for missing a blatant cross-checking penalty on the boards."
[Fuck you! And Your Eyebrows!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSHmUnSZs-4)
Everytime one of my friends call to talk about one of their personal problems I always respond with "Who is this?" Also "These Pretzels are making me thirsty!" I've passed off a couple of Bob Sacamano stories off as my own. I even made up a few of my own.
Honestly I'm not sure. I know when The Walking Dead aired their 4th season finale Rick's line was "They're screwing with the wrong people" on Blu Ray it's "They're fucking with the wrong people." I think they shot two scenes for it.
NEVER HAD TO KNOCK ON WOOD!
Something along those lines. Something happened to country in the 90s, wear it slowly started to become more about mentioning how country you were. Every country song now sounds like a pissing contest wear the singer brags about their "jacked up truck" "how I am honky tonk" "girl put on your tight jeans" and "let's go down to the river." This is kind of like hip-hop in the 2000s and the beginning of this decade where every rap song the rapper bragged about how thug he was with his "gold chains" "Cadillac on 30s" and "his bitches and hoes." I feel like Ryan Bingham is one of the few modern country artists that is great but his only barely broken into the mainstream. Dave Alvin has some good country songs too (though he's been around since the 80s as a rockabilly musician only recently started playing country).
And Johnny Come Lately and Guitar Town. Guitar Town is still one of my favorite driving songs.
Dammit I only own a Ti-83 and not even the plus either...
Everytime I hear this song, I always think of being at an airport. Part of this is because of the lyrics "She's coming in, 12:30 flight" and partly because back in circa 1999, circa 2000. Me and my dad went to the airport to pick up my grandparents. Their flight kept getting delayed due to weather. So it was late at night (probably around midnight on a weekday) and Atlantic City airport was largely empty. My Gameboy's batteries had died (right in the middle of a GYM battle too...) and this song came on the PA music they were playing. I think because of that "She's coming in, 12:30 flight" I also associate it with that time at the airport.
The entire rant is my favorite part. I use to have the entire thing memorized. I use to say all the time randomly among my friends and they would just look at my like "what the fuck are you talking about?"
One time a few years ago we we're talking about what we would do if we were president. So I just gave that rant. They cut me off before I got to the John Wayne's not dead part. "Dude what are you going on about?"
George. The youngest Georges I know were born in the late 80's with the youngest one I know born in 1988. I wonder if Seinfeld had something to do with George falling out of fashion. Hilary (youngest one I know born in 1992). Alfred (never met one in real life). Almost every Chad I know is a Baby Boomer or a Gen Xer. It doesn't seem to be common among millennial (The one I know is a Junior). Dale (I wonder if in the south this name is more common). Wyatt (the youngest Wyatt I know is in his 40s) Lance (for some reason this name was popular among Gen X babies born in the 70's, then kind of died out quickly). Arthur Bernard (I shit you not, Bernie Williams is the youngest Bernard I know).
I still can't believe his dad named him that... My name is 'Sue!' How do you do!? NOW YOU'RE GONNA DIE! Yeah that's what I told 'em!
Unless a name is really common like John or Ronald. I think if a president or a well know politician has a name, it falls out of fashion. Hillary fell out of fashion in the 90s. The last Lyndon's were probably born in the 60's. George (also largely do to George Costanza). Richard's stopped calling themselves Dick as a nickname. (Now it's just Rich). Gerald has largely fallen out of fashion too. and now Donald is next.
Most Donovan's I know are old guys in their 60's through 80's. All of them live in South or Central Jersey or Bay Ridge, BK or Rockaway Beach Queens. Most of them were Cops and Fireman. I think Michael and Patrick became the more common names for Irish Americans born in the 80's and 90's. Now it's Liam. My cousin is an Irish American cop in NJ and named his new born son Liam.
I was born in 92 as well. I know 3 Hillary's 25 to 30. None younger than that though. These names still exist just not as common as they use to be. The guy I know named George hates his name because of Seinfeld. Doesn't help that he's short too. Playing hockey everyone just calls him Costanza. The one Wyatt I know is a cop. Probably the most fitting job for his name. Fred isn't super common either but I knew a couple.
Istanbul was Constantinople Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople Been a long time gone, Oh Constantinople Now it's Turkish delight on a moonlit night
So, Take me back to Constantinople No, you can't go back to Constantinople Been a long time gone, Oh Constantinople Why did Constantinople get the works? That's nobody's business but the Turks
Stand Up Philosophy was a common profession in Ancient Rome. This was similar to what we know as stand up comedy. A Roman Philosopher would give his philosophy that would make the audience laugh. This was a common practice in ancient Rome. Basically the Romans were no different they we are today. Here is a video on it, if you are interested in the humor of ancient Rome. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNRvz5O9l2s
Darrell Alderman and Scott Geoffrion's Dodge Boys colors from the 90s. http://classracer.com/classforum/attachment.php?attachmentid=17040&amp;d=1363222109 http://www.nhra.com/sites/default/files/news-inline/UserFiles-image-2016-Daily%2520Features-Monday-finals-geoffrion.jpg http://www.oocities.org/heartland/fields/4043/darrellsmopar.jpg
I have The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle edited and introduced by Bob Carruthers. It's the only edition I have ever read or know but I like it. A lot of history in it.
I know the feeling. Kind of sad, the state of things. Maybe Street Outlaws will bring it back the interest in racing? It did bring back the interest in heads up drag racing at the strip.
This is a very famous photo in the NYC/NJ area. Almost all Italian Americans have seen it. There is a very interesting story behind it that is well known to all Italian Americans. You see that boy in the picture? He was actually an orphan who traveled with that family. His parents were killed back in Sicily. So he fled to America. When he arrived he ended up getting a job at a local Italian Grocery Store in NY. The years went by, he parried a beautiful women and had a son named Sonny. One day however he was laid off from his job. After taking a sad walk he ran into his neighbor. Earlier he hid some guns for his neighbor and his neighbor wanted to pay him back. So his neighbor promised him a rug for his wife. They broke into the house and took it. This lead this once innocent young Italian immigrant to a life of crime. With in a few years he became the most feared man in all of New York, running a huge criminal empire for narcotics, extortion, gambling, car theft, etc. Just the very mention of his name was enough to make people shiver with fear. His name? Don Vito Corleone.
It should be a meme in all honesty.
LOL what can I say, I'm an Italian-American from New Jersey. Being a smartass is in my blood. But here, for your troubles enjoy this wonderful Italian folk song. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah637P0_cts Also go buy yourself and the Mrs., something nice.
Kind of funny when you think about it. Ron Howard relaunched his career by starring in George Lucas' first major movie American Graffiti. He then went on to become a director himself. Now he is Directing a spin off of George Lucas' property.
I feel like he had a few great movies in the 80s and 90s. I love Backdraft, Apollo 13 and Ransom (hugely forgotten Mel Gibson thriller). But since the 2000s he's really made nothing I went to go see other than Rush.
This is why I prefer corners in Winslow, Arizona. Girls there drive flat bed Fords.
I have to say The Rocketeer - I feel like if The Rocketeer came out today it would have been more popular. It was a ahead of it's time being a more down to earth style of Superhero film Sahara- Great fun adventure movie. This movie along with The Last Crusade are probably the too biggest influences on Uncharted. The Right Stuff (my all time favorite movie. Hey Riddley, you got any Beemans?)
I love this movie! It was one of the last movies we rented from Blockbuster before we started using On Demand. The acting, the music and the battle scenes are amazing. They do a good job of capturing the rough and crowded conditions of being on a Man O War vessel. "Men Must Be Governed."- Captain Aubrey
I love the remix of Ode to Joy they used for the training montage in the movie. It was extremely well acted and the fight scenes were awesome.
I think Children of Men was one of those movies that became more popular when it was released On Demand and DVD sales were high. I myself first saw it on DVD and as did almost everyone I know.
This is terrible but I enjoyed it! The guy who played Squidward actually did a good job with the voice. Share this with r/bikinibottomtwitter
I think I am going to finally get around to reading the books. I've seen the movie dozens of times but never read the books.
I watch it once a year. I am a huge aviation buff and love 1930s and 1940s aviation so the movie is right up my alley. I love how the movie never takes itself too seriously. Like when Cliff first puts on the rocketeer jet pack and helmet Cliff: How do I look? Peevy: Like a hood ornament... Or when he first reveals to Jenny he is the Rocketeer. Cliff: Jenny you're not going to believe me when I say this, but I'm the Rocketeer. Jenny: Who? Cliff: Dammit Jenny don't you read the papers? Jenny: No I was at work.
["How about this? Or are you in the mood for something more aggressive?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVSm_3IYyP4)
[Anyway, How is your sex life?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtJcfGJbf3o)
Oh hi Johnny, I didn't recognize it was you.
So your telling me, you had to fight for your right to party?
In a restaurant I was in a few months ago, they had a late 90's, early 2000s rock playlist on. Foo Fighters, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, The Offspring, Blink 182, etc. I'm only 25 but It made me feel old. Especially since All My Life was what was playing when I first arrived.
I don't know if I really like this. I trust Beukeboom to handle defense more than almost anyone. Beukeboom knows defense and he knows how to adapt it well to different situations. Isn't Ruff way more offensive minded of a coach?
Same here. I saw know problems with Beukeboom. Personally I think if given the chance he would make a good head coach.
It's actually the Charger that loses 5 hubcabs, McQueen's Mustang had one piece wheels.
Papillon or The Getaway for me. I love the scene in The Getaway where he blows the shit out of the cop car with the shotgun. Also he robs a gun store for a shotgun just a minute earlier.
The movie isn't an action movie and I think that's the problem modern audiences have going into it. They see the car chase on YouTube (or hear everyone brag about it) assume the movie is going to be like Lethal Weapon or Die Hard. Really the movie is more of a Film Noir (closer to Out of the Past, the Big Sleep or the Big Combo) than a modern action movie. It's a slow paced mystery with a jazz soundtrack with a lot going on. You have to pay close attention to what was going on. The first time I saw Bullitt back in circa 2008, I saw the car chase on YouTube and heard older people brag about it for years. I watched it and found it boring. However over the years I gave it a second chance and actually love the entire movie! The opening shootout, the hospital foot chase, the line "You work your side of the street and I'll work mine.", the character development of Bullitt himself and the airport shootout. If you watch it again, think of the movie as a film noir and not an action movie.
The first time I saw Bullitt in circa 2008 when I was 16 or so, I had scene the car chase on YouTube and heard about the movie from older people. I gave it a watch and hated it. However, over the years I grew to like other older movies like The Searchers, The Magnificent Seven, The Great Escape, etc That I gave Bullitt another chance and I loved it. The entire movie! I loved the Hospital chase, the airport shootout and of course the car chase. "You work your side of the street and I'll work mine." is probably my all time favorite Steve McQueen line aside from "Punch it Baby" (The Getaway) and "Bullshit!" (Also Bullitt). Bullitt is closer to a film noir than a modern action movie. I think most modern audiences assume it to be an action movie but get disappointed when they watch it and it's slower pace turns them off.
A boy went back to Napoli Because he missed the scenery The native dances and the charming songs But wait a minute... something's wrong!
Buffalo SABRES LEGEND Dave Andreychuk (and I don't mean that sarcastically either).
He's a Sabre. He spent 10 seasons in Buffalo.
Finally Andreychuk got in. I always think of him as a Sabres legend and a Sabre not a Bolts legend. He spent 11 straight years in Buffalo and had his best seasons in Buffalo.
A Bulova men's watch. Have had it for a year, it's never sold. I got it for free and new it was a $150 watch. Bulova is one of those weird mid-tier watch brands kind of like Wenger. It's not a fancy brand like Rolex or Tag o Pawn shops don't want it, neither do Jewelry stores. However it's above Caravelle and Citzens Eco. For what ever reason the Caravelle and Citizens Eco watches sell like hot cakes on eBay but Bulova and Wengers are tougher to sell.
I can honestly say I have never come across an N64 that doesn't work. Even ones that have been sitting for 15 years, all they need is the slot to be blown out and they work fine.
I think they should do what they did with Messier. Andreychuk's Jersey should be the Sabre's Jersey but behind him should be The Picture of him hoisting the cup as a bolt. https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/08/3e/51/fc/hockey-hall-of-fame.jpg I get that he was Captain of the Lightning when they won the cup and I respect that but the man played 11 straight seasons with the Sabres and I believe he's the second highest scoring Sabre behind Perreault. Andreychuk has always been loved by Sabres fans and has thought to been probably one of the best Sabres of all time behind Perreault, Housley and Gare. So I think a comprise induction would work but I think his main Jersey should be Buffalo and a picture of him as a Bolt. I think St. Louis will be the first to have a Bolts Jersey and I hope Vinny gets in as I've always liked him and he is my favorite bolt.
Damn that sucks, I guess non working ones do exist. Overall though the N64 might be the most durable game console of all time. I still have my original from 1997 and play it all the time.
I'll admit I haven't heard of these new adult proms before and I clicked on this thread because it reminded me of something when I worked as a nightclub promoter. Years ago... in circa 2011, a night club in my area did a college prom once a year. It was mainly the Sororities and Fraternities that went but anyone with a student idea was welcome to attend. The club went out of business though.
"Well I guess You took my youth I gave it all away!" I love the sound of the guitars when that part comes on. The song just changes it's awesome. Dimebag, Vinny and Pantera were great.
The Gaslight - Anthem Handwritten Fu Manchu - King of the Road 13 Crowes - Young Poets
I've never read the comics but I loved both Hellboy movies and the two animated Cartoon Network specials because of Ron Pearlman (it was awesome that he voiced those). It's been a while since I watched them but I remember enjoying them. I loved the Golden Army more than the original. It's rare that I like the sequel better.
Assistant Dolly Grip by Kit Duncan.
Unlike Jennifer Aniston who is weird and quirky.
Exactly man. Later tonight I'm going to play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, Mario 64 and Rush SF 2049. Maybe a little Rogue Squadron too.
I'm probably going to buy all four of them on Blu Ray.
Kit Duncan, he was the Assistant Dolly Grip for Jaws 3.
It could be a 20 round mag.
I've never read the novel Kenobi but I heard it's great and plays out just like a western. I wonder if Disney can cast Ewan and adapt most of the novel. That way some of the "Legends" stuff remains true and it would be a cool nod to the old EU.
I think I'm going to half to check them out. I'm not a big comic fan but I did own a handful of issues of Rogue Squadron and Bionicle back in the day. I think I will have to give the Hellboy comics a chance. I love the movie The Crow but I have been told much like Hellboy that it's a good fun movie but isn't 100% like the comics either. I'll have to give The Crow comics a chance too.
I remember around circa 2004 -2006 Are You Gonna Be My Girl and Cold Hard Bitch were heard blasting out of car stereos every where. Are You Gonna Be My Girl got tons of radio play. Then they just disappeared. It says there second album came out in 2006 but I don't even remember it, nor do I remember hearing much about it.
That's like me I love the garage rock, hard rock sound. That's why I like bands like Jet, BRMC, the New Bomb Turks, The Fratellis, etc. It's not ground breaking but it's fast, fun and simple rock n roll. While not a "garage rock band" I love Fu Manchu. They are like Black Sabbath meets pop punk. Just fuzzy and fast songs about muscle cars.
Gambling and Lottery tickets.
Uncle Larry: "You got a pillow in there too?" lol I love Daym Drops, he always manages to make me smile.
As a kid my cheap Walkie Talkie would sometimes pick up AM signals. It had a ton of static and was hard to make out what was said and usually only lasted for a few seconds. Pretty sure once in the late 90s I heard Mike Francesa and Chris Russo yell at me about a bad trade I made.
&gt; The cars may be a lot quicker and faster now, but they sure sounded a lot better back then! I agree. I was on a nostaligic NHRA kick and found this video. I feel like all of the cars Top Fuel, Funny Cars and Pro stock sounded better back then.
If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding! How can you have an pudding if you don't eat your meat?
No, I'm a big time book publisher. You're a towel.
&gt; Or what the serenity crew did when the cylons attacked So say we all! You can't take the sky from me!
The only difference between this and my cousin who is a cop is mine cousin drinks Wawa coffee. My uncle who is a retired cop really only wears t-shirts and jeans. He also wears sunglasses similar to the guard from Cool Hand Luke. (My uncle became a cop in the early 70's so it probably was the style then).
Otacon did you piss yourself...?
HOLY CRAP! I didn't realize this was a more common thing. This is my neighbors too a T. Except he drives a mid 90s Mercury Sable that looks like its been beating to hell. I always assumed that most Nurses/Females in the medical field dated Doctors or other professional guys in general (businessmen, cops, contractors, mechanics, etc). I didn't realize that more of them date unemployed guys who play video games all day. Also they are always fighting outside for some reason and everyone can here them.
You know I think your right. Nigahiga is the only major early YouTube you went viral 2006-2009 that's still hugely popular. Most of the other older YouTubers that are still popular became popular in this starter pack's era of 2010 to 2012 (Pewdiepie, Rhett and Link, RocketJump and a few others). I'm not an Apple guy but I have noticed over the last three years that everytime a new Apple Product gets release iJustine shows up on the front page again, then she fades for the rest of the year.
Yeah iJustine was my first YouTube crush. I didn't realize the Fine Bros had been around since 2007. I never heard of them until circa 2012 or so. I agree I hate their content.
Everyone knows Bania's show would be called Comedians in Trucks getting Ovaltine...
My classic rock station only plays Roadhouse Blues for the Doors. For Jimi they also play All Along the Watchtower, Fire and Crosstown Traffic. Other than CCR (which they play Down On the Corner, Fortunate Son, and Bad Moon Rising) they really they play more 70s and 80s stuff. Lots of Zeppelin, AC/DC, Boston, Def Leopard, Guns and Roses, Van Halen, Asia, Kansas, Motley Crue, Poison, Ted Nugent, Springsteen, etc. I think most 60s stuff is now considered Oldies, instead of classic. My local radio station doesn't play any Beatles, Grateful Dead, Airplane or I. Ron Butterfly. For the Stones they only play Start Me Up. The local modern rock station still plays mostly 90s and 2000s music. I still hear Learn to Fly, Everlong, Lightning Crashes, Let the Bodies Hit The Floor, Last Resort, Almost Easy, The Boom by POD and plenty of other songs from that era on modern rock radio.
&gt; I stopped caring after watching Rick’s son (I forgot his name, don’t care) devise a plan to kill Reagan I didn't know John Hinckley Jr. was Rick's son.
Quality. I'm in my mid 20s and for the last few years the only games I've really enjoyed were GTA 5, Deus Ex Mankind Divided and Fallout 4 (I don't hate it as much as everyone else does). Anyway I didn't care for FFXV very much and I didn't like FFXIII much either. Overall I had been going weeks with out playing games. Until a few months ago I got the urge to play my N64 and my PS2. I've been enjoying the shit out of playing old video games and look forward to doing it at least an hour a day. I've even been buying a ton of old games for both systems. Games I wanted as a kid but never could afford. I recently brought Dark Cloud and have been playing the shit out of it. Personally I think with most modern games cut scenes have gotten better and graphics but the overall quality has dropped.
