Both kids were supposed to be entitled jackasses. You're not supposed to like them or Janice.
He's a free agent because his career is over.
If he had a challenge he could have used it for just plain safe/not safe. The "Replay Command Center" has overturned calls that were challenged for another reason. Last season, at least. I'm not sure about this one. But the first challenge Banister made was really a waste, which is a point worth making.
Hope you're feeling better.
Sorry I'm late but there are other subreddits that should probably be linked in the sidebar. /r/AskDocs for one.
If they're done well they're better than looking at the standings. The idea behind them is good; the execution rarely is.
I don't think the A's should be a seventh ranked team. But they will likely put some wins up this year. They're nowhere near as bad as their record. So I'd take the BP rankings seriously in the sense that the A's are not a team I really want to face right now. The next few nights are going to be interesting.
Nice writeup and good video, too. Seems to square with the other things I'm reading.
Not sure what it is but it reminds me of [this shit](https://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/).
He's been better. Go to /r/Colonel_Rhombus and look at the weekly reports.
That article ought to shut up Mac Engel and Galloway, but it won't.
I really don't think Jeff Russell really belongs in the Rangers HoF. He was a good closer at times, but this is setting a pretty low bar.
They'll fall back to Earth and I guess they already are, but next year it looks like they may be pretty scary.
I can't get that site to work. There's another at absurdlyobfuscated.com that I've used before but I can't get it to work, either. I don't want to use it for fatpeoplehate. I do hate that sub but I generally stay away from drama. Want to use the autotagger for non-dramatic purposes.
GunsAreCool, same story.
I'm far from fat. I hope you die in a fire.
I use a bunch of RSS feeds to keep up with the news and stuff. Reddit never has been good for that, really. Pick out a variety of news sources, stick them in a feed reader, and it will do a better job at aggregating news than reddit does. But for discussion, I don't know of anything else for general topics. Over time I have slowly confined myself to the baseball-related subreddits. They're free of this poison, thankfully. I also follow a couple of smaller technology subs. But while here I can't resist pressing "All" now and then. Curiousity, plus I know there will be one or two interesting things to read along side a bunch of stuff that doesn't interest me at all. And that's when I run into the darkness. Sadly you never have to go very far to find that. Anyway, as of right now I don't think there is an alternative. There will be someday...right now reddit is sick and it's going to die. Something will take its place and hopefully it will be better.
I don't have to try, but thank you for your kind but off-topic suggestion. I have one for you: do the world a favor and set yourself on fire.
So there's no easy way to do it from the image itself?
You are a commissioned salesperson for the Rangers, right? I think it's only fair for you to disclose that.
Yeah I generally like Banister but he needs to keep his goddamned mouth shut. These guys have a lot of pride, and baseball is really hard. Plus there was a lot of failure to go around. It's simply unfair to call out Choo. I have no idea why he would do that.
&gt; I was under the impression he has a pretty far above average arm while every other aspect of his defensive game is poor. I think that's probably an accurate assessment. Overall he grades out to below average at best, but he's had a strong arm throughout his career. That's something that usually isn't lost with age, or at least not at Choo's age. If he isn't throwing well this year it could be that he's still not 100% after last season's elbow surgery. I doubt it but it's possible.
The mods ought to filter you out for a week or so. Calling others names has never been acceptable conduct here.
Wow, I didn't know people actually read anything over here. I know what you mean about community, and while it was strange to me for the longest time, the internet has become a place to form *real* communities. And there are a lot of good ones on reddit, too. There's a lot of everything here, good and bad. As of right now there's not really an alternative to reddit. If there were I would have left maybe a year ago. But as time goes on and so little changes, I feel that any contribution I make to this site makes me complicit. So I don't want to add anything anymore. Or at least I don't want to add much while I wait for the next thing to come along. /r/TexasRangers is a good community. Occasionally it will go a little sideways with the voting, and you have these lapses where nobody posts content and things get a little dead. But the people are generally good. I saw that today was kind of a rough day for it, but it's been worse before. Believe me. Reddit as a whole was never really a healthy place, in my opinion. There has always been a dark undercurrent here. It has gotten worse, but it has always had some truly vile people. For as long as I can remember anyway. The demographic has always trended toward the young male, and let's face it, they can be angry people who are easily suckered into things. Anyway the administration has really dropped the ball the last few years as reddit has grown. It now has a userbase that equals the population of some nations...they can't allow hate groups to make a home here. It's not feasible. It's not right. As for me, I'm cutting back a bit on my time at the computer. I've got this bum leg and yet another surgery coming up. Before I go through all that shit again with the recovery and rehab, I'm trying to enjoy some other stuff. When I'm stuck in the house again I intend to create a Rangers blog. Many of my friends have dispersed, too. Some are dead. Most of my family is dead. So, yeah, I do have a need for community and I'm not sure my upcoming blog will satisfy it (especially at first). I don't know what I will do. I just know I'm fed up with this place. Thanks for reading and responding.
Well if I were still a mod here they sure as fuck wouldn't be.
created FPH ban evasion subreddit
Yeah the carpet bombing and free fire zones. Really moral.
There's a visitor's guide in the sidebar.
He hasn't been hitting home runs but he's having a good year nonetheless.
That really should have been an out. Blanks should have hit against the lefty but the Rangers got lucky.
http://www.fangraphs.com/library/misc/war/ Baseball-Reference has a similar page as well as a page that notes the differences between the different varations of war (rWAR, fWAR, WARP). If you have specific questions feel free to ask at /r/Sabermetrics.
[The Rangers rotation has indeed been very good recently.](http://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=sta&amp;lg=al&amp;qual=0&amp;type=8&amp;season=2015&amp;month=2&amp;season1=2015&amp;ind=0&amp;team=0,ts&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0)
And you were rewarded. By Elvis, which goes to show you never really know.
Call me silly but I think Elvis will end up with a nice bounce back year once all is said and done.
Tomorrow if he has an 0-fer with an error, people will quickly forget all about tonight.
Definitely. I don't know what's going on with his defense. At his age it's not surprising to see some decline, but usually errors settle down while range decreases. If you really dig through the numbers there's some evidence that Elvis can still range, and other evidence that says he can't. My eye says he's moving better laterally than last season but he's clearly not playing a good shortstop with or without the errors. It's a little baffling but I know he has more talent than this. I'm banking on him turning it around. Elvis is maligned for 2013, but if you look more closely at that season you'll see that he was excellent in the second half. It hasn't been that long since he played at an elite level.
Fangraphs uses FIP for their pitcher WAR.
If he doesn't get a hit and makes an error people should forget that he won the game tonight? Maybe if you hate him. A logical person would criticize his game tomorrow but still remember his great game from today.
I'm not sure what the Middle East has to do with Vietnam from 50 years ago. The world has changed a lot since then. Nuclear weapons were used in World War II, we had a plan to use them in Korea, we came very close to nuclear war with Russia at the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis, and there were those who advocated using nuclear weapons in Vietnam. Nobody with half a brain would advocate anything like that today. Even if we were the sole nuclear power, nobody in any position of authority would want to use those weapons again. Some of that's due to the backlash we'd get from the rest of the world, but even in spite of guantanamo and black sites and all the rest, we are a more moral geopolitical actor than we used to be. For now, anyway.
I think so, but probably not to anywhere near their xFIP.
It is exactly what you said. I said people would forget about last night if he had a bad game today, and you responded with "As well they should." ?
Holland, Ohlendorf, and Hamilton are just injury prone. You're really going to hold their muscle strains against the trainers? Make me laugh a little more. Josh Hamilton?
Well I guess I don't give a shit if the admins were to treat clear hate groups with something less than kid gloves. Fuck them. Whether it was for two weeks, two years, or six months, it was too long for that cesspool FatPeopleHate to live.
Who is Kip? Not a moderator anymore but I'm the one you can blame for most of the rules and for setting up the automod here. So, everyone, direct your pitchforks toward me instead of the current mods. To be brutally honest, way back when this subreddit had a bad shitposting problem. Baseball news was lost to memes and people asking questions about how to go to a baseball game (is anybody that stupid?) and photos of their own baseball caps/jerseys/shersies/etc. A lot of people love that kind of shit, and a lot of people don't. The people who don't won out. But we created /r/TxRangersExperience. That went unused because people seemed to think it was a throwaway sub. It never was intended to be. It was supposed to be a place to post about the *ballpark experience*. Not a lesser place...just a different place. But frankly since people are narcissists and wanted immediate views and upvotes, the subreddit never got off the ground. If it would have, I think everyone would have been happy. It's not like we're flooded with content here, no. I don't know what's going on lately. A post about Jorge Alfaro - the Rangers 3rd best prospect - possibly missing the rest of the season never made it into the top 10 here. Lots of roster moves haven't been posted at all. Used to be, you could come here and be aware of 95% of what happened with the Rangers and the minor league affiliates. But for whatever reason now we have people wanted to bicker about the lineup order instead of wanting to know what's going on. They won't post news and they won't vote on important news. Every now and then we get a post like this and it gets a bunch of people bent out of shape. They start getting on the moderators. Others will take up for them. It will probably lead to a bunch of nonsense. All the while this format would work just fine if people posted and voted on news here, and posted the fun stuff to /r/TxRangersExperience.
The ~~Other~~ userbase wasn't segregated. The content was. At the time it was a move to try and keep everyone happy, but some people don't want to be happy and thus far it hasn't worked. The second sub was a good idea. I still believe that. Somebody wants to plan a meetup? Their posts can be stickies over there without interfering with the game threads or big news. Flair might be something for the mods to consider but how will those without a fancy enough reddit setup to even follow two subreddits take advantage of link flair? If you want the mods to flair everything, well they have jobs and school and friends and families. I was the one who had the time to do that, and I have chosen not to spend my time in that way.
The problem is people don't upvote quality. And it takes no time to click a link on the sidebar. If people want a healthy community surely they can expend that much effort.
&gt; It also leads to complaints about perceived bias when someone's post is not approved. People can get really mad, and they think you're hitler or that you just like to remove posts because INTERNET IS SERIOUS BUSINESS. But I have removed a lot of posts the last couple years and I can tell you that I never enjoyed it. Not ever. I don't think you can have a middle ground because of the type of people who are on reddit. Look at r/ALL. It's an image board. That's what will get upvoted. Baseball fans will go somewhere else. Your post was very constructive. It highlights the difficulties a moderator team has. Believe me, they don't want an unhappy community. They are doing the best they can to strike a balance. Another thing people should consider is that in this subreddit, comments are almost totally unmoderated. Unless you're spewing racist shit or attacking another user, nothing will ever get removed. Ever. So people can post their merch or their selfies in the game threads or post game threads or really in any thread.
Any mobile app that doesn't allow you to view the sidebar with one tap is trash.
Who has a super fancy reddit setup that can use a multireddit? Oh, yeah. Everyone.
I honestly use the regular browser on my mobile most of the time, but now and then I will use AlienBlue and amrc for iOS. The sidebar in many subreddits is pretty important. That's where the rules are. Often that's where news is. Here, there are handy links as well as the standings and schedule.
That really sucks. At least Gallo has so far handled this much better than most could have ever anticipated. That kid is going to be one hell of a player. But for now the team still needs Beltre.
I wish he'd hang out here but I think he's more or less married to LSB. It's not just that he knows what he's talking about, it's that he has so much enthusiasm for sharing.
Agreeing with you, sarcastically. There was a guy who commented that he didn't have a super fancy reddit setup and couldn't visit two subreddits. This is a different username but I am Colonel Rhombus...I made the multireddit you're talking about.
Seems most people didn't get it.
That was not a good pitch. Martinez needs to live on the edges but he's getting a whole lot of plate so far today.
.302 before today.
Not in my eyes. He still hasn't taken a walk and hits for no power at all. Alberto's defense is really good, but Odor has the potential to be an above average defender with a really nice bat.
Yeah he hasn't been as bad as you would expect a AA player to be.
Maybe. I'd like to keep him around, though. He's one of those guys who might end up a lot better than you think. Obviously the Rangers think so or else they wouldn't have left Odubel Herrera unprotected. With some more time in the minors he could become a better contact hitter who maybe steals some bases and stuff. And if Andrus can't get it together, well...
Yep. Every now and then it will get a little activity. I've seen it get five posts in one day before, and while that's not a lot, sometimes this subreddit doesn't get that. If everyone who attempted that kind of content posted it over there like we request, it would be busy enough to visit daily. Instead they either don't bother to do it or get pissed off that they were asked to do it. Anyway, it has subscribers. Not as many as this subreddit, but it has enough. People who view it in a multireddit aren't counted in the subscriber count, either. Watch what happens when somebody plans a meetup. There would first be a post here about it, and inside that there would be a note that the planning will occur in TxRangersExperience. Then the mods here would likely put a sidebar link to that post at the other subreddit. Suddenly you'd see more activity over there than just the meetup stuff. Maybe more people just need to be made aware or reminded that it exists. All it needs is a little momentum; the community for it is already here.
More or less. I don't want to delete it for various reasons. I've used it recently because I've forgotten which account I was logged onto. Even though it's been a few weeks I have RES set up better for that account than this one so I still log into it pretty often.
This continues to be an issue. Not sure whether I should make a new post or not.
True. Many hard hit balls. Many bases. But it worked out...sometimes that happens.
I think he's just forced himself back onto the roster. His numbers at AAA are insane. Last ten days: .462/.523/.692 That's a 226 wRC+. And for the whole time he's been there: .355/.430/.645 for a 185 wRC+. Likely that DeShields will be DL'd unless it's just a bad cramp or something, but it wouldn't seem that's the case since he's getting an MRI. Not sure if they'll bench Alberto since I'm sure they want him getting reps. Might see him sent down. Gallo doesn't really have enough time in the outfield but I suppose it's an option.
That's possible. Moreso than Gallo in the OF. I think Strausborger may be called up. He's having a good year and is hot right now. Can play corner and CF. I believe the 40 is at 39, too.
Depth outfielder/career minor leaguer. He's 31 and has 52 days of service time.
I imagine they'll let him have the full 30 days. All the SP's are going pretty well at the moment. I see they're already letting him go to 100 pitches, though. If someone gets hurt or falls on their face I guess he'd be an option. I'd like to see him get those walks down first.
My grandmother was in one a couple years ago. It was the nicest one we could find that was anywhere near my mother. There were no ethernet ports in the rooms, and while there was wifi in the lobby the signal was weak. It certainly didn't make it to the patient rooms. In the room there was only a small shelf for a television. We bought the smallest we could find, no bigger than a computer monitor. It had cable TV but it wasn't even basic cable. It just had a few broadcast stations, a couple of home shopping networks, and a few religious stations. My grandmother loved baseball and back in those days they did broadcast Friday night games over the air, but that station was not available in the nursing home. 4G internet was also bad over there.
Don't know what's common. Like plattler said, they did have a computer in the common area. Just one. These people for the most part were old and in pretty bad shape. I did think it was cruel that they didn't even have a television. They had one, but it could only be tiny. No channels. Plus it was across the room, probably 15 feet away from the head of her bed. That didn't affect my grandmother much...she had Alzheimer's pretty bad by the time she got there. But not everybody was that bad and all the rooms were the same.
&gt; It certainly has the 30,000 dollar millionaire feel to it. What does that mean?
It has nothing to do with intelligence. It's about trying to help people be more informed. When this subreddit is active and people are posting news, you will not find a better place to keep up with things. Some cite LSB as the best Rangers blog, but after the morning links they usually only post the big news. In the event of a roster move or something, there's a good chance it will be here hours before LSB says anything about it. When things are working, anyway. I don't think that's uppity or disingenuous in any way. You can have your pictures in the comments or in /r/TxRangersExperience if people would use it.
Who knew that Moreland would still be good in the middle of June? Who does he think he is? Whoever he thinks he is, I hope he keeps on thinking he's that person.
Haha. Daniels is pretty aggressive with prospects. Gallo, Chi Chi, Odor last year. Profar before that. Kela this season. Martinez last season. Anyway there was nothing lucky about what Odor was doing in the PCL. All reports I read said he was absolutely murdering the baseball from day 1 after his demotion.
Yeah I know what the term means. I was asking him what he meant by it in this context. It made no sense to me. He meant that as a group the subreddit tries to come off as more intellectual than it really is. I don't buy that. Much of the rest of reddit is total shit. This subreddit is trying and succeeding at being better than that. Not pretending to be better than that. It is better than that simply because it doesn't have a lot of bullshit on it.
Obviously Alberto's not much of a hitter, but using wRC+ to make roster decisions after only 60 PA is not a good idea. It's fine to use that number to say he hasn't hit well, particularly since some people are fooled by his pretty decent batting average. But like Platypus says, he's here for other reasons, and it's hopefully only temporary. Rua was put on the 60-day DL. Gas is right...he can't come back yet. Even if he could, glove is right...he's not ready yet. I'm still pretty surprised they used Gallo in the outfield. I thought they'd bring up Ryan Strausborger who's having a decent year for Round Rock. They still may. Or they may roll with Smolinski or Blanks. Who knows. But I doubt we'll see a whole lot more of Alberto now that Roogie's back.
I haven't seen where this is confirmed.
You had asked me to work on it. That's fine. I have a lot of weird things going on right now anyway.
I got it on my laptop with Firefox, too. NP links don't always work correctly and they're annoying. In the future I think it's okay to post a regular link with a reminder not to vote in the thread. For the extremely lazy: https://www.reddit.com/r/reactiongifs/comments/3zkuxz/mrw_when_my_4_year_old_hurts_her_hand_and_yells/
For the second table I omitted 2014 for all teams. If you omit only the Rangers' 2014, their .565 win percentage would rank 2nd behind the Cardinals between 2010 and 2015, and just barely.
Holy shit there are a lot of assholes in here. Well congrats nctami72. Hard work and sacrifice has definitely paid off for you.
Enjoy being spied on much more efficiently and effectively than your old provider did.
2010 seems like kind of a logical place to start, seeing as they went to the World Series that year. If I were cherry picking I would have included 2009, too, because they won 87 games that year and would still be fifth, but it would be a 7 year run which makes it even more impressive. I'm not even really cherry picking by removing 2014. Cherry picking is something you do when you want to mislead people using numbers. I was obviously pretty upfront about it and didn't mislead anyone. It shows how much of an anomaly that particular year was. It's more informative, I think, than it is misleading.
9th in total wins. That's actually 11 seasons, 925 wins. Over the last 10 years they're 8th in total wins with 846, so about 85 wins/season.
Depth move. Plays all the infield positions.
How's your fastball command?
AS LONG AS NICK TEPESCH IS STILL ON THIS TEAM WE HAVE A CHANCE
That total is before the arbitration players are dealt with, too. I wouldn't be surprised if this team is losing money right now. A lot of the TV deal was used to purchase the team. Paid attendance was okay the last couple years but lots of people didn't actually show up so they took a big hit on parking and concessions.
&gt; I'll vote third party if Sanders loses the nomination Remember 2000 and splitting the vote between Nader and Gore. How many people are dead and will die because of the events set in motion by the Bush Administration? You live in a swing state and there really is a lesser of two evils. We've learned this the hard way.
[Ask this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/40xumv/texas_rangers_group_tickets_and_suites/).
Since both parties risk being stuck with the other side's number, there's plenty of incentive to get a deal done.
&gt;I don't even know if 60 homers would make up for all those nearly-guaranteed outs. They do. Very easily.
What's the question?
It was really impressive to me that he was able to keep his walk rate over 10% like it was in the minors.
There are a couple of omissions, though. Beras and Wolff come to mind immediately.
Top heavy, but really pretty solid through five with some pretty good depth behind that: Darvish/Hamels/Holland/Perez/Lewis.
Darvish has a huge repetoire and velocity shouldn't be a problem after TJ, so I think he'll more than likely will be better off than most pitchers who recover from a UCL strain. Hamels is still good for sure but he's a big enough step down from Darvish that I'd still consider Yu the ace. We'll see what happens but I think Darvish will be good to go when he gets back.
So dramatic.
Uh, what went on here?
I guess I would have had to read it before they deleted it because I don't understand what you just said.
Not to mention keeping her entire car.
I think he was talking about his pitches and mechanics. The article says the timeline is still mid to late May.
The bat flip didn't anger me. I was too numb for any single moment to affect me like that, but the whole game five and what happened immediately after it? Canadians invaded our quiet, peaceful subreddit and I want President Sanders to retaliate by invading you right back and taking your healthcare. Mad.
$32,000 for an education at a university I've never heard of, and tuition is only part of the cost of going to school. What is the real annual cost to go to average public university in Texas now? $16,000 at the very least, I'd think. And what is the interest rate on a student loan? I'm old for a redditor and when I get old in real life I don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of young people who never went to school or are in debt from having went.
I'm not in his district either but he would have got my vote with his last sentence. It may be Texas but it's not 1886. People don't need to be walking around with guns on their hips. It's ridiculous.
Light rail is not the answer for long stretches like that. The question was about local public transit, I think.
How are you arriving at that figure? Tuition and fees are clearly more than that, plus a student has to have somewhere to live and there are other significant costs directly related to college such as books. Even if it were $9,000 a year, that's outrageous considering it's a public university. I don't see how anyone could call that "not that expensive". Without a scholarship I paid more than that per semester for tuition alone at UNT back in the late 1990s. If you're going to talk about this, talk about it honestly.
Most full time students cannot work 35 hours per week and complete their education so room and board should be included. Texas A&amp;M themselves say their annual Cost of Attendance is $24,000 per year. For an undergraduate. http://financialaid.tamu.edu/Undergraduate/Cost-of-Attendance#0-Undergraduate
There's no reason to cut him. If he can't play you put him on the 15-day DL. If you need a 40 man spot, you put him on the 60-day DL.
Or they played high school or college baseball.
It's not always easy, that's for sure. But Dallas has been pretty successful with light rail system. They do zone around the stations for mixed use development and in large part it has worked. A system has to be carefully planned and then they have to stick to the plan.
Personally I think it's probably the best movie I've ever seen.
Did anybody read this article? "But if we get to the middle of the year and (Profar) can deal with it and we need his bat up here ...." It's just a way to put him to use if needed. And if he can throw from SS he should be able to throw from the outfield. If he can do neither of those things he's done anyway.
I have a pretty good idea how you can get those tabs back, but if you're going to act like that I'm not going to help you.
Apparently reddit thinks our local cbs affiliate are spammers.
Are cab companies behind this? Has anyone ever been hurt? I know the article mentions two accidents, but it seems to me two accidents over five or six years in a congested area is a pretty good safety record. I'd bet pedestrians have had more than two accidents during that time.
http://m.rangers.mlb.com/news/article/162312506/buy-rangers-single-game-tickets-on-march-4
Or they could build a highway or fix a broken one.
His shoulder was injured before he ever reached the big leagues or played outfield, and things were exasperated when he slid into 1st base wrong his rookie year. You can look all that up and verify it, then win the argument and get your friend to shut up forever. It should be very satisfying.
Are you on Windows?
It's pretty standard and expected. He wasn't a free agent.
It seems to be different, then. I don't know how to deal with that if you've already tried to restore the files and it didn't work. In the future make regular backups of your profiles and use the Session Manager addon.
I sure hope so. If he's on the big league roster for Opening Day there's a problem.
sessionstore.js
It would be useful to have different help flairs for different operating systems.
Nazis got their start but jumping half naked on the hoods of cars. Read a history book! Feminists are Hitler. Or do we like Hitler? I forget.
My home office/studio/whatever has a light that changes colors and strobes and stuff like in that video. WiFi enabled light bulbs controlled with a phone. What a world, right? I didn't know they could do that with the super bright ones.
Anytime jerseys are even brought up on this subreddit, shadowbanned accounts come out of the woodwork. They apparently search reddit for mentions of "jersey" or whatever. I don't think it would be a good idea to host a thread about merchandise at all, much less knockoff merchandise. This one's fine...it's the off season. But during the season it shouldn't be a regular thing here. If knock off jerseys come up in the comments of any thread naturally as a product of conversation, I doubt any of the mods would remove that.
Seattle games look fine on TV to me. Are these the kind that can change color? If so, imagine a Gallo bomb. The lights change, bathing the Temple in a deep, dim red as fireworks go off beyond center field. That might be pretty cool.
I really dislike the way the DMN is running their online sports page. "If this happens, Rangers have one of MLB's top-five rotations" That makes me want to throw up.
In the 1980s calligraphy was a huge fad. Hallmark shops and other stores carried extensive sets of pens, inks, and stationery. Everybody's mom was doing it...stay at home moms, working moms, whatever. It was quite an obsession with some of them.
In some cases well done HDR photography would be a real benefit. I'm thinking mostly of high rise condo interior shots. You can never tell what the view is from the inside because a camera just doesn't have that kind of range.
I feel pretty good about both of those guys plus DeShields. The minor league hitting instructors have done a great job with them. They were both pretty raw talents now showing solid approaches.
Panic? No.
I don't know what they do. But there would be an advantage to doing it that way.
I did not imply any such thing. If it happened to be an overcast day, the house itself might actually look better while the photograph suffered from a boring sky.
I don't know. If the free agent is a significant addition to another team in the division or if the Rangers had interest, I think it's okay. I mean it's the off season...there's not a whole lot of baseball talk to be had. I personally would like it if people weren't asking if we should panic in January, however.
I actually don't visit /r/baseball very much. While I'm probably in the minority I'm probably not the only one. Either way, the post is baseball related and it does affect the Rangers. Fister will presumably start several games against them for a team who will be looking to challenge for the AL West title. I can't say I'm a big fan of the post, but I feel like removing it would be a step too far. However if others agree with you they should speak up. We'll be happy to have the conversation. Other mods? Users? Opinions?
Give me the link to the post and I'll approve it. Seriously two years ago? We're not machines. Sometimes minds change, circumstances change. And we're several different people. So over a span of time like that yeah there might be some inconsistency.
These sorts of stories have literally been a part of sports journalism for generations. Your great grandfather probably read them and thought the same thing.
Okay you guys are in your own little bubble and sometimes it's hard to see out. But that hashtag is a bad idea.
I guess 1993 left her a little cynical. But really even the most cynical person should be able to see that universal healthcare is an inevitability. The sooner the better, but it's coming someday no matter what.
Seemed worse to me.
The Rangers are pretty much rolling. Only lost two games since the sweep at OAK. And before that they were playing well.
ad nauseam. Not trying to be a dick, but someday somebody will make fun of you for it.
The Rangers have scored 27 runs and only allowed 9 since Darvish returned. All hail Yu Darvish.
Arizona's would suck a lot worse if not for the roof. You couldn't even have a day game there at all.
You're definitely in the minority, I think. It bothers me. I grew up here. My wife won't go unless the weather's perfect. My friends aren't interested in sports but when I was in high school I had trouble finding people to go with me during the summer. Many of my friends from back then played ball but didn't want to go sit in the heat even for a night game and this was when the Temple was brand new.
Fielding percentage is useless. The Rangers are far and away the best defensive team in the American League by DRS and UZR.
I don't think his hitting was seen as a weakness. I remember people saying that he might not hit a ton of home runs at the big league level, but I don't think there were many questions about his hitting overall. Some thought he might end up as a high on base guy with 20-24 HR power. In the early 2000's that wasn't anything close to elite power. But remember he was picked #1 overall in the draft. You don't get picked at that spot unless they like everything about your game. And he hit well in the minors for the Rangers, too. Just about everyone was disappointed in that trade as soon as the news came down. The Rangers had Teixeira. He was not good enough at 3rd base to stick there. The team had an infatuation with Adam Eaton who was seen as talented, but hadn't put it together and had been hurt. And they needed relief pitching, too. Otsuka was very good but got hurt and only played a couple seasons for Texas. Anyway, which is stupider: the Marlins trading Gonzalez to the Rangers for closer who wasn't all that great or the Rangers sending him to San Diego for a good closer and an overhyped starting pitcher?
Dyson led MLB in appearances in May. He was 14th in relief innings pitched. Most of the guys above him in that category are multiple inning types with many fewer appearances. The positive spin on this is that everyone else had a reasonable workload, more or less. Well except for Matt Bush. I'm not sure he's hurt. He's pitched three games in a row twice since being up and his velo fell the other time, too. Like it would with anyone else. I wouldn't be surprised if he ends up hurt at some point, though. Here's his year-by-year innings totals: Yr|IP |:-|:- 2007|7.2 2008|0 2009|0 2010|13.2 2011|50.1 2012|0 2013|0 2014|0 2015|0 2016|27.0 I'm not sure how you handle a guy like that. At 30 years old he's not a long time solution so maybe you just get the most out of him while you can. He could break at any time or never, you don't know.
One reason could be the light. Most programs have white backgrounds by default, and if they're not maximized they're pumping less bright white/blue white into your face.
Well I liked the game.
This guy hasn't been a Rangers player for years.
They didn't do anything about it after Yankees fans drowned everyone else out for years.
Traded Urbina for Gonzalez. Traded Gonzalez and Chris Young for Otsuka and Eaton. I believe Gagne was a free agent coming back for injury and he was flipped for David Murphy, etc. Edit: And Adam Eaton the pitcher. Long since retired.
I think it's a fair criticism but I wonder if the Rangers don't view Bush as sort of a "disposable" arm. I think Ogando was treated in much the same way and this was obviously before Banister. Certain guys, if you don't think they're in the long term plan, maybe you just ride them hard. Kela is someone you should protect. Tolleson...maybe, maybe not. Bush is 30...might as well get what you can out of him, right? I do think Banister needs to slow down on Dyson.
Interesting article. Hamels is said to be a slow starter. Maybe getting a feel for the change is part of that, and that first graph and the heat maps will look different by the end of the year. I think the increased use of the cut fastball is probably just him refining it over time. But I think if he can throw the change up he wants to throw, it will keep hitters off balance more and might prevent some of those home runs.
I suppose they could trade him this Winter for a big haul but I don't look for that to happen. It's going to be difficult (maybe impossible) to re-sign him. The Rangers payroll is up there. They might view him as an injury risk. They're about to throw in half a billion for a new ballpark. And as others have said, he's going to command a whole lot of money.
Well like I said Tolleson is sort of on the fence between a good reliever and an easy to replace one. Kela, Dyson, and Diekman are different, though. You'd rather they not overuse them. And especially early, like you say. You may not care if even the "disposable" guys last you three years but you would like them to last the season if they're effective. Really, the Bush situation just reminds me of Ogando. It's pretty clear they didn't see him as being in the long term plans and he was treated pretty similarly. Bush, at age 30 with only have one full year of relief pitching (years ago, by the way) will probably go down at some point.
It's not cool to be happy about someone going to the DL, especially one of the greats.
The makeup game is in the sidebar.
I always liked him.
What a fucking shit show. Don't call people idiots.
I feel like the subreddit's not as good as it could be this season, and I've heard the same sentiment from a few people. But it's not going to devolve much, I can tell you that. The moderators may not agree about every little thing or maybe some of us just see things a bit differently, but by and large we are on the same page. And we have been tested recently, too. If it were going to really devolve, it certainly had the opportunity. But we're still standing. Number one is we need more baseball content posted. That would solve a lot of issues. Two, we could probably open up a separate discussion about /r/TxRangersExperience. How to use it, so on. I think it could serve to contain the circlejerk stuff, too. It's difficult enough to get people to use two subreddits. Three would be exponentially more difficult. Anyway a stickied discussion about /r/TxRangersExperience would have the added benefit of increasing exposure to it. And we also need to crowdsource a visitor's guide. The one we have now is informative, but parts of it are out of date. I also think it could be structured better, making it both easier to read and edit. Most people probably don't know that anyone can edit it.
Only problem is you're talking about three posts for every game and the Rangers play just about every day. Plus you'd have a hard time getting people to use three threads. The comments in game threads and post game threads are really catch all situations. If you have a specific argument or discussion you want to have, then it could be its own self post. Just put some effort into the self post or it's going to be removed with a note that it belongs in the game thread. Unfortunately it's just difficult to guide a large group of people we have and keep everyone both lively and happy. People should be able to vent. People should be able to come here and not have to search to find a good discussion. I think everyone would agree there but how do you do it? We do the best we can and are open to suggestions but three threads for every game is kind of a nonstarter.
I like it. Reminds me of "The Big Hurt" and "The Big Unit". If it sticks I think it's something you'll get used to. I remember the first time I heard Big Unit...I thought it was...odd. But it did stick.
I can't wait for Choo to get back. He'd add a lot to this lineup and wouldn't replace Mazara. If Mazara can continue like he is, Choo comes back, Moreland gives you his customary 90 or so wRC+ (unimpressive as that is, it's better than what he's giving the team now) and Prince starts doing something (anything!), the lineup suddenly looks pretty damn good. Maybe not best in the league but top third probably.
I think if you move the game threads over there, you make it the main subreddit and this one suffers greatly. I see where you're coming from with that idea, though.
I don't think I would want them split up. We'll talk more about this. I'll bring all this up in modmail and I bet we'll have a stickied discussion sometime soon.
&gt; It's pretty clear that you're the idiot. Go fuck yourself. This is why you're banned. Not the links. In fact here are your links so anyone can see them: Dirty slide [1, ](http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/rougned-odor-of-the-texas-rangers-slides-into-second-base-as-erick-picture-id475625234)[2, ](http://images.performgroup.com/di/library/omnisport/8/d9/rougned-odor-slides-into-johnny-giavotella_1lf9y4x56ezy41ag7gsf0wjnca.jpg?t=853967848)[3. ](https://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/1SK_HqtZApNnY24edtTPqa2N6Ks=/2x0:538x357/1310x873/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/49604205/Screen_20Shot_202016-05-16_20at_2011.02.44_20AM.0.png)
Very good news. I hope it goes well. Would like to hear some good news on Griffin next.
There's nothing really new about this, but the fact that it continues in AAA where the hitters see more changeups and decent breaking stuff is even more promising. He's close. Maybe ready right now but since there's no immediate need for a 1B/DH type or anything they may as well let him enjoy beating the brains out of AAA.
I was beginning to fear Darvish would never strike anyone out.
Baseball Hall of Fame
It wouldn't be reddit if people didn't say the same thing over and over and over until you've been driven half crazy.
Don't want to sell that man short!
I met him once. He did seem very clean.
I just said hello to him and that I liked his work. He said thanks and that it meant a lot to him. That was about it.
Nice. Love you, Beltre. And also good to hear some fucking enthusiasm from the booth.
Holy shit that is big news. POst it to the front page.
Well their city council did. Their citizens will vote for it but I don't know how many of them would have fallen all over themselves to give a half billion dollars away.
whoohoooo. Baseball content!
He and Tate are the kinds of guys who will be in the big leagues before you know it.
I really have no idea.
That's true.
Darvish is god. I don't know how he hasn't won a Cy Young yet. Only a matter of time.
What I meant was with his stuff I can't understand how he hasn't just breezed through a season. He's been very good obviously but as far as talent goes he's on the same tier as Kershaw or Arrieta or anyone else for that matter.
Need to strikeout the side. Nice to know that's not out of the question. Edit Well it wasn't to be.
Sarcasm, friend.
Well this is the team hall of fame. It's more about his leadership and longevity than it is about his numbers. Fans loved him, his managers loved him, his teammates loved him. Hell his opponents loved him. I agree with you that he was an overrated player statistically but as a Rangers fan I'm glad they're retiring his number.
Man, Condor continues to kick ass. 3/4 tonight with a double and homer. It may not be that long before we start complaining that he's not replacing Fielder or Moreland.
I really like it. I don't know how to do the regex catch a tab thing, though. I put in these two expressions: (reddit\.com/r/TexasRangers) (baseball-reference\fangraphs)\.com I open up a new page at fangraphs.com, and it doesn't do anything different. I restarted, thinking it might move the tab to the group with the rules but it didn't do it then either. I obviously don't know what I'm doing. Did I do the regex wrong or do I not understand how the feature works?
That's his nickname. (Ronald Guzman, 1B prospect at Frisco)
He's not a Blue Jays fan. Just a quick look at his post history will tell you that.
Would fit better as a comment here: https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/4mkd3x/profar_stays_in_the_lineup_at_dh_over_fielder/
Thank you for posting this here and I'd be grateful if others would. Any time something is poster here it makes it easier to ask others to post here. And damn I gotta copy the CSS over. This was good back in the day but looks so dated now.
If you're talking about PEDs I think the penalties are pretty severe these days. It can cost a player many millions of dollars. And I'm not sure the message of "no second chances" is good for children either. If I had no second chances with drugs of abuse I'd have been dead a very long time ago.
More of a question for /r/baseball.
Do you really think it's horrible? I don't think it's horrible. That's a pretty strong word. I think maybe there is room for some improvement.
Peripheral numbers for the rotation this year are kind of ugly, but I don't think they're going to regress all the way to bottom third of the league. With Darvish back and getting some improved performances I think they'll still be a top half of the league rotation by the end of season. Same with the bullpen. I expect it to continue to get better. The hitting seems to be relying on the timely hit. Third in the AL in terms of runs scored. Good baserunning but nothing spectacular like last season. Middling power. Not too great at getting on base. But I think they can get better, too. Fielder and Moreland certainly can't get any worse. Andrus could fall off, but I think it's entirely possible he keeps up a wRC+ about where it is. Rua has been very good and I think he's for real. Choo getting back would be nice nonetheless. Odor needs to develop at least *some* plate discipline. I'm beginning to believe in Desmond. The catchers will likely fall off but Chirinos will be back soon and for a catcher I like his bat. No matter what happens the pieces are here to put together a good lineup. Whether they will put the puzzle together once the luck trails off is a pretty good question. What's your batted ball model say about the offense?
I didn't give you enough detail when I asked my question. I know you have data on launch angle and exit velocity. I was wondering how the Rangers data compared with teams who might be hitting for more power. What I'm getting at is when the air dries out a bit more and the temperatures rise, could we see more power from the lineup?
In hindsight Fielder has not been worth Kinsler. That's pretty obvious. But Kinsler was about to enter his age 32 season when the trade was made. In both 2012 and 2013 his game was declining in all facets: less power, fewer walks, worse baserunning, worse defense. He was still good, but it looked like he may not be for much longer. Nobody could foresee his resurgence in Detroit. Usually when a 30+ year old player starts to decline it doesn't reverse itself. We've seen a couple of exceptions in Kinsler and Cruz. Meanwhile Prince was durable, fat or not. He literally hadn't missed a game in years. 2013 looked like it may have just been an off season. Players have them, and he was going through some heavy personal issues. But this was a guy who they understandably thought would hit a lot of home runs. With Napoli, Cruz, and Hamilton gone they needed the power, right? But instead Fielder suffered a catastrophic injury. A spinal injury of all things. Turns out he may have had issues with that in 2013 and nobody knew it. He certainly hasn't talked about it. Lots of times an injury like that isn't immediately painful. If fucks with your nerves and causes weakness. And, no, you cannot just ignore Profar. He was the consensus number one prospect in baseball. With Kinsler looking like he was on the decline, one of the reasons the trade was made was to get Profar playing time. Instead he had a catastrophic injury of his own, which makes the trade even worse. At the time I wasn't particularly enthused with the acquisition of Fielder. Even though DET was throwing in quite a bit of money, Prince made a LOT of money and was signed for a long time. I was worried that his off year might be something more. Not that he was hurt, but that he was in decline. I can think of two players with similar body types who had early and rapid declines: Mo Vaughn and Cecil Fielder. But I don't think Prince was suffering age decline. To me last season proves that. It's true he was nowhere near productive as he used to be, but he was both good enough and different enough (last year he was a completely different hitter than he was in his prime) that we can blame it on the injury and surgery. And I think that probably has something to do with his total lack of production this season. To me he looks very much like he did before he went on the DL in 2014.
Assorted bullshit: So since the Rangers were swept by Oakland, they've gone 11-3. 81 runs scored (5.8/g) and 46 allowed (3.3/g). Over that time they're 3rd in the AL in runs scored, slashing .303/.356/.488 as a team. They're second in the league in team ERA with a 3.47. Fielding independent stats are mediocre but that's a huge step up. They've really cut down on their walks. Breaking it down a little more, Rangers starters have the second best ERA in the league over the last couple weeks (3.38). Their peripheral stats are pretty solid. They're fifth in the league in innings pitched per game. The bullpen hasn't been that great by most measures but considering how they started the year they've been fantastic. Last two weeks ERA is 3.65. They're not striking anybody out, but their walk rate has improved dramatically. The ball is leaving the park a little too often, but luckily there haven't been many guys on base. Back to offense, except for Fielder and Moreland everyone with 30 plate appearances has been excellent. Andrus has been the third worst hitter on the team and he's put up a 112 wRC+. Not bad for a shortstop. Ryan Rua hasn't had the most at bats but he's been a monster, hitting .462/.576/.731. His strikeouts are down and his walks are up. Mazara's ISO over this time has been a gaudy .348 thanks to his five homers. Rua and Beltre have both walked more than they've struck out.
I do it because if I don't look at them I'll get them home only to find half of them are broken.
When I was a kid people thought drugged up satanists were doing rituals in the woods just outside of every suburb in America, and they were obviously going to kill and rape everyone. When I was in college there was a summer when bad ecstasy was common. I don't think anybody died but several people were hospitalized. I can't really remember any drug hysteria apart from the normal DARE bullshit they'd try to teach us in school. I've used a lot of acid and smoked a lot of pot. According to DARE I should have been dead before I made it out of high school.
Holland looked legitimately good. Nice to see some strikeouts.
He seems crazy and maybe a bit dim, but he's been entertaining since like 1987 or whenever his rookie year was.
When I occasionally use that account to tweet something does it confuse the hell of out you?
When he's playing well Martin can help a team a lot. We've seen him do that. And in 2013 and 2014 his WAR was well above average. He got hurt and had a shitty year last year, then pissed off the team so he's gone.
Well I don't use it very often at all. Someday thought I might get in an argument with AJM or something, you never know. You might argue too with a different point of view and that would really confuse him. I look forward to that day. Seriously thanks for doing the subreddit's twitter. Hope you're having fun with it.
It may not be fair but if Holland's getting swings and misses I think Griffin will have to win his spot back somehow. Or they could try the mythical six-man rotation. But with Griffin being out for so long it may be better for him if he doesn't return immediately. That way he's available and strong in September and October if needed. Or when needed. At some point they'll need somebody...it never fails.
Fair enough. We're talking about some things that will maybe have a positive impact on all that, but who knows how it will work out.
Over the last two weeks, Profar, Desmond, and Mazara have given the team 0.8 WAR each. That's...unexpected. Profar: .370/.383/.630 He's not walking but when you're hot you swing the bat. I'll be interested to see how he handles it when he comes back to Earth. Desmond: .400/.411/.527 Same with Profar, he's not walking but he's never been one to draw a lot of walks to begin with. Mazara: .370/.434/.652 He is obviously hot but has walked anyway. That's just the type of hitter he is. I've been so impressed with all of them. When they signed Desmond I thought it wasn't going to work out. Coming off a couple down years, not exactly young anymore. Was supposed to play LF for the first time. Ends up slumping badly to start the year but since then has been on fire for the most part and is playing a pretty nice CF. I never thought Profar would be back in the big leagues so soon. It wasn't that long ago that he was taking his first at bats in two years in the AFL. A lot of people sort of turned on him, particularly in this subreddit. Hopefully now they understand why he was so highly regarded. Profar has a good approach at the plate, good power, good hit tool, decent speed, has a pretty good glove, decent range, and a strong arm. And a terrific baseball acumen. As long as his skills translate to the big league level (and we're seeing that right now they certainly can), there aren't any real weaknesses in his game. Mazara...wow. Most people thought he could help out this season but nobody expected him to be up this early, and nobody expected him to be this good. The only knock on him is his lack of speed but somewho that doesn't seem to affect him in the outfield. Just a good, smart baseball player. Profar's service clock started early because he was so young when he was first called up. He'll be eligible for free agency just a year after Beltre's extension is up and a year before Odor is eligible. But that's still a few years away. If you can get good production out of him, Mazara, and Gallo for the league minimum over the next couple seasons that would take a lot of the sting off having to do something about Fielder (if it comes to that). The Rangers are in sort of a precarious position when it comes to older players making a lot of money, but the farm system looks like it can save their ass. I guess they were confident about that when they made these trades/signings. By the way, since Gallo returned to Round Rock he's been hitting .379/.500/.655. The strikeouts have crept up a little (27.8%) but he's only had a couple bad strikeout games in this short sample (5/31 and 6/1). Other than those two games he's been at around 20%. And he's been an on-base machine, walking at a 20% rate. If he keeps this up much longer there's not really much point in keeping him in the minor leagues. Just give him a while more, see if he slumps and how he handles it. My guess is he's as ready as he'll ever be, though.
Tom Grieve was a pretty good hitter for a few years but "discerning" is not a word that should be used to describe him.
I took a look at the Astros subreddit a couple times tonight and it's pretty clear people have been downvoting over there. I don't know why anyone would waste their time doing that. You cannot bitch about Blue Jays fans and then do the things they do.
You think they're downvoting themselves? On comments like "Fuck the Rangers"? No.
In the game, the tower in the middle of center of the facility is actually a battery, I believe. It stores power using water and maybe steam.
This was a great hire. Now and then he'll show up here. Tango, if you see this, congrats on the gig.
It's talked about all the time.
I always thought that was overblown. Clemens wasn't trying to hurt him with that bat. If he were trying to hurt him, he would have hurt him. It wasn't a smart thing to do and it was childish, but that's really about it.
Several years ago I tried that but reddit wouldn't let me, so I made /r/JoshHamilton instead.
He was a shortstop all his life before making the switch to take over for Kinsler.
They apparently think Wilhelmsen has straightened himself out. Jackson hasn't exactly impressed anyway.
I was hoping he'd slip to them in the second but, yeah. Wasn't going to happen.
None of that is actually addressed in the article, but yeah that explains their projections pretty much. The team doesn't look like it was supposed to. Lots of pitchers ERAs are a lot better than their numbers indicate they should be. Projections have a hard time factoring in base running and defense, which are two things the Rangers are very good at (not running as well as last season but still better than average...defense is exceptional). The Rangers weren't very deep in starting pitching, it didn't look like. They had a bunch of players on the wrong side of their aging curves: Fielder, Choo, Moreland, Lewis, Beltre, Desmond. The Rangers will regress but there are a lot of moving parts. The defense should hold up. I think some of the pitchers who had bad starts with good ERAs can actually pitch better than they have (Hamels, Holland, Perez). I think Odor can be better hitter than he has shown. Mazara may come back to Earth to some degree but man he has a lot of polish. I'm a believer in Rua and am gaining confidence in Desmond. The catchers have literally been unreal, but Chirinos isn't a bad player at all so his return should keep that position from going haywire. The Rangers are on a 100 win pace right now. I don't think they're going to win 100 games. It's possible but very unlikely. So yeah they'll regress but how much is anybody's guess. We're far enough along that barring an implosion you have to think the Rangers are going to finish with a much better record than any of the mathematical projections anticipated.
Yeah it's a little of both, especially concerning Fangraphs WAR for pitchers, which does rely on some (pretty well established) assumptions. But it's not a perfect stat. It's still evolving. And it's not really meant to be summed up and compared on team level. You'll almost always find a positive correlation between WAR and win percentage, but you'll always find some wacky results too. Enough that no statistician would ever attempt to project a team's performance on their projected cumulative WAR. One of the problems I have with WAR is that it relies a lot on defense, of course, but UZR is nowhere near reliable at this time of year. You could have a player with +2 DRS and -5 UZR and his WAR is going to be funky. And it could remain that way for the whole year, too. The two have been known to disagree. Defense is something better analyzed with a LOT of data, and for some positions not even a year's worth of data is a big enough sample.
They're old. It's only recently they began taking time off. But when you're like 70 years old you might not enjoy flying around the country for six months every year either. Busby and Grieve both have had fulfilling and productive lives, I imagine. At some point it's fine to slow down. I do agree with you about Sandler, though. I've really enjoyed the few times he was in the TV booth.
Works both in market and out of market, too. Well worth it.
Listening to him is like reading a good book. When a good author tells a story you can construct their world in your own head, down to the tiniest detail. Nadel does this shit on the fly.
He's said he doesn't want to do TV. I think he mentioned it in his AMA. You can read through it if you like...the link is in the sidebar.
Maybe he has tinnitus.
Lots of former Rangers broadcasters on that list. Franzke, Lewin, Cotroneo, Jon Miller.
Yep.
I've never listened to him but this kind of thing represents a lot of what's wrong with media these days. It's not genius. It's a well established formula at this point.
I love it too. Lots of people shit on it when it was out, I guess because there was the big romance storyline. I like it better than Field of Dreams, but maybe not as much as Bull Durham.
I did that a couple months ago. What did you put together?
I don't really listen to sports talk anyway. Except for in the car I don't own a radio and when the game is over the TV goes off. There are some good podcasts out there but I can't seem to get into the habit of listening to them regularly. One time Evan Grant was doing a video podcast from restaurants, I think with Emily Jones? I can't remember who was with him. I think I'd watch that but he doesn't do it anymore. That's something to ask him about in his AMA. That's coming up later this month.
I struggle to keep my idle temps at 30c without an overclock or anything. I had to turn my AC up to get it there. I think the case gets good airflow but the house in general and this room in particular is too warm. It's a pre-depression house. Lots of work has been done to it but it's not like a suburban house that was designed with air conditioning in mind with the perfect ducting and insulation and all that. Strangely I tried turning up the fans in the UEFI one time and it only made things warmer. Weird. And then when I tried to change them back the CPU fan went back to normal but the chassis fans always spin at 2400 RPM no matter what I do. They're not very loud at all though.
I don't play any online multiplayer games except for Asphalt 8 which is just a time waster. I don't think you can choose who you play in that, though. Cities:Skylines doesn't have any kind of multiplayer thing going on. I suck ass at most games.
We have a no politics rule. It was political.
That's very good.
Four.
Nah no problem.
I've never really played games that much. I got GTA IV and played that for like seven years, for example. A really long time ago I tried playing America's Army and people started yelling at me because I sucked, so I thought it was stupid and quit the online part.
I haven't been participating in the game chats or post game chats for this very reason. I was hoping we could figure out how to turn the subreddit around, but apparently there's nothing we can do. It's a shame. Anyway, Tolleson deserves some grief for tonight, but in general it may just be that he's not very good. I can't remember if it was /u/maltawind or /u/jlacomb17 that was discussing that, but I've come around to the idea that Tolleson is just another vagabond reliever who had a decent year and then a good year and that's pretty much his career. These guys come and go. And of course it doesn't help that he was slagged last year. So it is what it is. I know people get frustrated seeing him come into the game, but I don't know why everybody says the same stuff over and over and over and why they take it so personally. Whatever. Moreland...he's not much of a hitter. I'm sure he's a good person and all that. He's another guy who is kind of a borderline major leaguer. We got his best last year. It looks like he may be getting hot at the moment which is good, but will only delay the inevitable. But I'm glad for him that he's doing something at the plate. Prince...this is a guy most of us should love. He seems like a genuinely great guy. He's a former superstar who got hurt and may never be the same again. It sucks. I'm not getting mad at him for it, though. How can you do that? And what more can really be said about it? The Rangers are paying him $18MM this season. They want to see if he can get things going. When you're a guy like Prince Fielder you get a lot of leeway and that's understandable. People just need to accept that he's going to be in the lineup more often than not until it they realize he's hurt or they are ready to write him off. Anyway Tolleson shouldn't have been anywhere near the ball Rua threw, whether he missed the cutoff man or not. That really is on him. But what fucking good does it do to freak out about it? I miss the days where we might freak out a little but then come to our collective senses later. And it just seems like things have become so repetitive here. Something happens, I could write the comments myself. Obviously some of that is to be expected, especially during the heat of the moment in a game thread. People aren't going to be writing long, evocative comments in there. But still....
We have talked about issues that I suppose are related to the negativity but are really larger than that, I guess you could say? I can't go too much into what was said in modmail. That's all said in confidence, or at least that's how I feel about it. It really is difficult, you know. You do your best for more than three years to maybe nudge and shape a forum into a good place to talk about baseball. And for a good long while it worked, more or less. But what can you do?
I think we have a very young subreddit right now, maybe. When you're in high school and stuff you can't follow a baseball team every night, right? You have school, sometimes a job, social life. There's no time for it or at least there wasn't for me. Not every night. But then you get a little older. You're on your own schedule and you suddenly can watch 100 or more games a season. It's your first time experiencing the game's highs and lows every single night. It's not like any other sport. Like the announcers and everyone else in the game says, you can't get too high or too low after a loss. You'll burn out because there is always another game tomorrow. It's the same for fans. You have to learn how to not take every loss so hard. It doesn't come naturally to most people, I guess, so instead it comes with time and to some extent, age.
&gt; I still think you shouldn't allow comments about killing players or wishing harm of any kind on them Did this happen? I don't think that in the game thread environment you can ask people to comment under one umbrella like that. Plus, I've never been a big believer in policing comments to begin with. Only for really, really toxic stuff. If someone is saying stuff about killing players or something, though, that should absolutely be reported. That's...not good. I hope that wasn't actually said. If so *and* it wasn't reported then we have deeper problems than I thought. I would do something about comments like that, of course, but really any other kinds of action would up to the other moderators at this point. Anything I say in this comment thread is my own opinion and is not necessarily shared by them. The problem is internet culture, I think. But then there are good places to discuss things on the internet. So...maybe it's reddit? I mean if you look around at this place in the big subreddits (big and small actually) you see some pretty awful shit. I've been a moderator here for more than three years and have tried to keep this place different than the rest of reddit, but things change. I wish they wouldn't and I don't think they necessarily have to, but that's the way it is.
That would be very labor intensive. And I know a lot of people who've had submissions removed would scream hypocrisy, but I'm not actually a fan of that level of censorship. Again, my personal opinion...I think we're developing a sort of cultural problem here. That cannot be solved by any kind of micromanagement. It's a bigger issue.
As I understand it, this one will allow you to control all the fans. I definitely turned them up. No idea why they won't go back down but it's not a problem...they're pretty quiet still. It's an ASUS Z170-AR
And the team isn't even slumping. They're 7-3 in their last 10.
I'm glad to hear that was just an example and that it didn't really happen here. I agree that it probably will at some point. This thread is dying down so I can probably say this now: I have very clear ideas on how to improve the subreddit overall. They're big picture things...I don't think you can solve these issues with tweaking. Even though my ideas aren't even much of a departure from some of the things we've done in the past, I failed to get the other moderators to see it my way. As a result I don't really know what to do anymore, and for the time being I've relegated myself to being more of a "janitor" type of moderator who only removes comments and posts that clearly break rules. In short I'm just not the guy to talk to anymore about these things. This wasn't a rage quit. There was no big fight. We all still like and respect each other but we don't agree, or at least they don't agree with me and we all need to be on the same page for big changes to happen. So since we're not and I'm the "loser" in the debate, the best thing to do is step back a little for now. But I can give you my personal opinion: I feel like you have a good idea about a separate game thread. But there's a pretty big drawback. Let's say this other thread in TxRangersExperience becomes popular. All the level headed types go to post over there. What happens then to the main subreddit's game thread? The one that very often gets well over 1000 comments? If the level headed people leave it becomes bedlam. Since I'm still technically a moderator here I can't give official support to an idea which might make a big feature of the main subreddit worse, even if that's clearly not the intention. But...anybody's free to post whatever they want in the other subreddit. I'll just say that. Really, though, it should be the other way around. The "good" game thread should be here with the circlejerks over there. Anyway. Yep.
Not a bad idea at all. I'll bring that up in the modmail. Probably not a permanent fix but it certainly wouldn't hurt.
The stock fan that came with my processor is surprisingly quiet. I don't know how long it will remain that way. When it gets louder I'll probably buy an aftermarket fan. I said my fans were four wire fans. Honestly now that I think about it I don't remember but I did get them to speed up through the UEFI. The chassis fans were running at 1700-1800 RPM. Temps were good. I was seeing if I could make them better and turned all the fans up. The chassis fans wouldn't turn back down. It was a silent computer, pretty much. Now I can here it, but it's still pretty quiet. Temps are about the same...no real improvement. So I'd like to turn them back down but I can't seem to. No big deal. I think I could read that you can over clock a non-k 6700 a little. When it's time to get another cooler I might try it.
I don't have any plans to disappear. I disagree that good commenters don't have an effect on the rest. I think they absolutely can and do. You say later about setting an example so I think you know it's true, too. This is what I wouldn't ordinarily say publicly. I think we have some people here that should probably move on to some other forum. They drag things down. I know I sound like a snob but at this point I don't care. Some people want to be inclusive of everyone. I'm not all that interested in that. Not that I'm interested in a having a like-minded bunch...I welcome all kinds of thought but with baseball being an every day thing for six or seven months of the year, I wish people would be more civil and back up their thoughts. I wish people would handle disagreement better. For me it's fine for a person to say "fuck Prince" but it's not okay when 20 people say it and just keep going on and on about it. You can have your emotional outburst as long as you don't get too crazy. I can read that and move on. I think everyone can handle that. But that person has to settle the fuck down after making that comment. If they don't it's hard to be around them for 162+ games. Anyway better people make better comments. I feel we used to do a better job at encouraging better people to post and maybe the subreddit was less interesting to the type of person most of us are complaining about. You don't have to ban or remove a bunch of comments to achieve that. The front page sets the tone. The better contributors carry that into the comments of every thread of every post on the front page, including the game threads.
Hope so. I need to post more too. My attention has just been really divided of late. Newly married and that sort of thing. But good self posts can make a forum. I love the math, but a good self post doesn't really need that. Any of our people could make a good one regardless of their stats knowledge, but we're seeing fewer of them this season. Really just three or four people could make a huge difference.
Nolan Ryan was such a bad ass. It's a shame that anytime you bring him up in larger baseball forums people will say he's overrated because of his walks. But you don't need advanced stats to see what a freak the man was. Look at the career numbers. Yeah there are walks and strikeouts. But look just a little beyond that and something else sticks out. Nobody could hit him. Those no hitters weren't freak events at all. He was legitimately almost impossible to hit. And look at the HR numbers against him. They just couldn't get the bat on the ball. Amazing human being.
Very early in his career I thought it might be possible for him to be a 15 HR guy. Elvis was a good line drive hitter and was really young when he broke in. Plus the offensive environment has changed in ways we probably didn't expect. When he was a rookie we weren't very far removed from the days where just about any everyday player would hit 15 homers.
Just started? You're in for a crazy ride. I'd love to watch that show for the first time again.
Due to my weird inability to catch a fly ball I ended up stuck in the middle infield, and I wasn't particularly good there. But I was a good hitter so I got to play. It was embarrassing at times.
The first time I tried to watch the Wire it didn't really grab me, either. But the second time it did. Now I've watched the series several times. The Sopranos isn't really anything like it. Both great and both about crime, I guess, but not similar at all if you ask me.
I don't really know what you'd expect their medical staff to do in this situation.
From the beginning of 2010 until today, only two teams (Cardinals and Yankees) have won more games than the Texas Rangers. If it hadn't been for 2014 the Rangers would likely be on top.
I've had a bunch of surgeries on one of my ankles, and I always get intermittent tighness and stiffness in my calf and knee afterward. I guess that might be the same thing. If so it can take a while to go away, but like I said it comes and goes. In any event I think it's common for pitchers to go through this post-TJ. Can't prove it but it seems like I've read about it happening several times.
I've read that one time it was Lupus. Someday I have to sit down and watch that whole series. I've seen enough of it to know that even though every show follows the same formula, I still like it. House reminds me of myself. Crippled, cantankerous, sarcastic, a bit too sure of himself, and an addict although I've been clean for a long time. He also loves music and dresses like someone a lot younger than he is, which is me too.
I had fallen asleep and didn't see it until later. Woke up at the end of the bottom of the tenth. It would be great if he got things going.
With 2014 being a clear anomaly because of the unprecedented wave of injuries, I thought it fair to exclude it. Why not? Writing that one off, the Rangers have won more games than any other AL team during a six year (noncontinuous) span.
No, my point was that other than 2014, the Rangers have been in best in the AL since 2010, which is a nice round number. There's nothing arbitrary about omitting 2014.
Probably the best way to get news is by subscribing to AP, Reuters, etc. with RSS feeds. One of the worst ways would be reddit, even if the moderators are perfect.
&gt; I'm hoping that the reddit admins come in and do something about what's occurring over there. Look at the stuff they've let happen on reddit over the years. I wouldn't hold your breath.
Fine, I'll remove it.
With an RSS feed you will get things faster. It's not filtered by moderators or voting or anything. You're going directly to the source.
I was just trying to have some five minute fun with excel. I removed the post, okay?
Not sure what "WTDS" means. If anyone was being an asshole it's me. Your criticism was perfectly valid, obviously. I just wasn't doing serious analysis.
Sometimes reddit gets messed up. Servers or whatever. I've been getting some errors today.
I made a comment that hasn't shown up after refreshing, so it's probably a technical issue.
I'm willing to bet that was Odor's fault. While Elvis has some, uh, deficiencies in his game, he knows how to play. He's always in the right place, has great footwork, nice fluid throwing arm.
The White Sox uniforms with shorts. Those have to be up there.
Even for the time it was ridiculous. In case someone out there has had the good fortune of not having seen them: http://mopupduty.com/worst-uniforms-chicago-white-sox-shorts-1976/
RANGERS WIN
Moreland? Moreland!
Why would I tap the brakes? The team has been very good for a very long time now, World Series victory or not.
ok
Damn I was typing a whole reply with stats and everything but the power in my house flashed on and off. Anyway I think the only real arguments you could make are for Bell and Brown. Bell in particular might should be in, really, but for some reason voters tend to ignore third basemen. There are only like 15 or 20 in the Hall of Fame, and it took forever to get Ron Santo in. Brown was really good, and there are lesser pitchers than him in the Hall (and better ones who aren't). But the press hated him and he didn't have flashy strikeout numbers. His peak was kind of short but only once did he have a bad season. Even that happened when he was young and it wasn't terrible to begin with. Edit - And obviously Palmeiro has Hall of Fame credentials but I think we all know he'll never get in.
Cool air. Right after a flight. I think they'd rather be safe and ready to go against the Cardinals.
I'd be okay with it if it didn't last several half innings and he didn't completely ignore the game while he was doing it.
Yeah, that's what I'm referring to. Palmeiro embarrassed the league and his contemporaries far more than most, and became a symbol of the steroid era. I don't think he'll ever get in.
I think they have it pretty close to right. I'm the type of person who believes people should have second chances, and an 80-game suspension will hit a lot of players very hard. They don't get a salary during that time and it could potentially cost them millions. The second time, it's a full season. That's a pretty big penalty. Yeah there are some players who spend 15 years in the big leagues, but the vast majority have a much shorter shelf life. Additionally, I think there are probably some players out there who took banned substances by mistake. Ballplayers aren't usually known for their intelligence, and GNC sells shit that will make them fail a PED test. I'm pretty sure they are tested much more frequently after failing a test. I don't know how frequently or if they pay for it. Not saying it's perfect, but I think the game is pretty clean now and that's the goal. The players and players association really seem to be on board with the program and as long as that's the case you have to hope things will continue to be refined. I know Verlander has said he wouldn't mind being tested every day, and he's never failed a test. He's a pretty big guy in the union, I think. So things have changed. There will always be some guys who break the rules, but the chances they'll get caught are pretty good and I think the penalties are severe enough to deter most people who'd think about cheating.
In the 80s it wasn't a bad little town, but the the railroad moved away and that sucked. Then all the people who retired from the railroad started to die and there was no money left in town. I had family in Cleburne and spent some time there when I was a kid. Even though it kind of does suck now, I have good memories of it.
He can take them from Moreland.
I remember being concerned about that when they paid that huge posting fee.
This team has been one of the best in baseball over the last six or seven years. Why wouldn't it be real?
Similar team to last year, and their record for the past calendar year is 94-69. It's a winning bunch.
I remember him playing a terrible outfield. He made some diving plays but many of those were on balls that would have been routine for most outfielders. He was a great all around hitter, though. Great plate discipline. Good power and contact skills.
He would have ended up a full-time DH and that would have killed his WAR.
If he's a Joe Carter who plays second base that's more than a pretty good player. I don't think he'll ever be a disciplined hitter but certainly he can be more disciplined than this. He has two years and almost half another in the big leagues, but he was also rushed in 2014.
No surveys
Well the end of Carter's career dragged on a bit. If you look at the kinds of seasons he had with the bat up until his mid-30s, most people would be very happy with them if he were a 2B who played the position well and ran the bases well. He did play some CF but he played a lot more 1B and DH than he did CF, and mostly in the corner outfield. Additionally he was probably out of position at CF, like Choo and Hamilton were. Sometimes guys with a little speed are stuck there even if they're not any good at it. My quick calculations show Carter would have been a 36-win player if he played an average second base. That includes all those shitty seasons at the end of his career. In terms of total value it would be a similar career to guys like Juan Gonzalez, Adrian Gonzalez (to date), Willie Randolph, Magglio Ordonez, Tim Salmon, Kirk Gibson, Troy Glaus, etc. Good players. Not Hall of Famers but good players.
He hasn't been very good at AAA but hasn't been terrible, either. He only had 0.1 innings with the Rangers this year and that appearance was terrible, but even though he's not any good he's not that bad. Additionally while his last start for Round Rock wasn't anything to write home about, the two before it were really nice outings.
No politics.
On the bright side if they need 40 man spot, they have several DFA options.
That was some globetrotters shit.
You don't trade a guy like Profar for relief pitchers.
Goddammit. 10-6 final.
Why you gotta say that?
I absolutely did not. I'm not superstitious, but I don't want to push it.
Stick *this* in your spreadsheet.
I'm removing this bullshit under the banner of our "No Politics" rule. I suggest you get out a little more and meet some real people.
More than likely he was just distracted. Something was probably going haywire with the broadcast and he had a producer in his ear while he was trying to talk. He came on later and seemed okay.
Nobody cares about batting average if he walks and hits it over the fence.
Arizona League. They also have rookie teams in the Dominican Republic for international players.
I think they'll try to avoid that. Choo isn't very good against lefties but he's not a black hole, either. Career .338 OBP against them.
If that's how it works use firefox and allow cookies, but use an extension to get rid of them (Self-Destructing Cookies addon). I never see a paywall on any newspaper site.
Well I'm around that age and am nowhere near a grownup.
I don't think Google allows those types of extensions. They're a marketing/data collection company making a browser to collect data.
Since most of us live in Dallas and Fort Worth, my tip would be to post the question in /r/StLouis
Here are the worst five hitters in baseball when it comes to striking out: Player|K%|wRC+ |:-|:-:|:-: Mike Napoli|35.6|111 Steven Souza Jr|35.3|108 Giancarlo Stanton|34.9|93 Trevor Story|33.8|113 Miguel Sano|33.6|115 So four of five have been productive or very good. The one who hasn't is a guy who is usually pretty good. Anyway if you're referring to be as "the guy who's excited about a .304 batting average in 57 plate appearances", it might be the the other numbers that excite me. By the way you've been shadowbanned. I'm not approving any more of your posts or comments. You can straighten that out with reddit's staff.
Agreed and analysis of relief pitching is difficult, too.
Someday I hope you use that fancy new blog space to explain how you weight your events and how you convert everything into runs. Really curious about that. I would say send it to Tango. He likes to review people's stuff, but now he works for MLB and I don't know if he'll do it anymore.
Let's start including Darvish's NPB stats along with his MLB numbers. And Nomo's and Iwakuma's and Tanaka's and on and on and on.
Maybe Holland and the bullpen both would benefit if he moved to relief for a while.
It's hard to count on him in particular after what he's gone through the last couple years, and he's still some ways away.
What's the longest Rangers PA this season?
Fucking IRS. Guess I won't be able to enjoy the game today because for some reason they think I should pay taxes twice. This happens every other year and they're full of shit every time. So have fun everybody and go Rangers.
You and I are of similar vintage.
You should learn reddit formatting for tables. Start Date| End Date| Record |:-:|:-:|:-: 1977-07-06| 1977-08-04| 20-5 Copy the source on that. It's hard to get excel to output a CSV with a pipe as a delimmiter but you can always do find and replace in a text editor. Or open it in Libre Office. Believe it or not it has some advantages over excel.
If you waited for him to be 100 percent he'd never play. He manages his injuries just like he has since he's been here.
He's had hamstring issues for years and put up 6+ WAR seasons while limping around. I trust he knows what he's doing with this.
I just wonder how long I'll be on hold. Will it be 20 more minutes? Two hours? You never know.
Isn't he on the DL?
The teams decided to do it on a mutual day off instead. Doubleheaders can destroy a bullpen.
I could give you the numbers but it's pretty early in the morning to be taking all those tables apart and putting them back together here. Basically they're throwing him less heat and quite a few more curveballs. He's been hitting it on the ground more. It's a game of adjustments. Scouts and pitchers have seen him and have adjusted. Now it's his turn. And this is a big test...not every player is able to make these types of adjustments. So it's probably that and maybe just a little downturn put together. I'm not seeing any huge red flags with his plate discipline, so that's good. You don't really like to see a hitter flail away and look lost. To my eye he hasn't been doing that and the numbers say he isn't. It's too bad the Cardinals will be throwing three right handers at the Rangers, or else it might not be a bad idea to get Mazara a day off and let him get some extra work with Iapoce.
I'd go the other way around on that.
The thing to watch is how the Rangers play against good teams as the season moves along. I don't think it really matters if they come from a division of cream puffs (which isn't the case...the Astros record is what it is largely because of the Rangers, and the Mariners are okay).
We don't know what Nick Martinez brings to the table by now?
In my opinion he's a bust.
I don't see any reason to get rid of him, but hopefully he's a big leaguer of last resort.
Great article. It echos what TAG often says about him approaching the ball like an infielder does. I didn't know what to expect out of Desmond in LF, and never would expected him to play center at all, much less play it well. Plus he's hitting. Even if his bat doesn't hold up at least the Rangers have a plus center fielder. I've always thought outfield defense was underrated, and I think when MLBAM starts releasing more statcast data, we'll find that it's very valuable. The planned Rangers outfield of Desmond/DeShields/Choo had me kind of worried at the beginning of the year.
It's a little early to be thinking about the 40-man roster so far in advance. If it came down to that (Brinson, Ortiz) the answer is obvious.
He'll probably sign a minor league deal with an agreement that he's called up in X amount of time or he'll be granted free agency. His issues can be fixed, I think.
|/u/Major_Square |4.1|8|6|3|1|46
I wish it would work that way for me.
That win streak is when I started following the Rangers religiously.
I wouldn't want them to resign him anyway. Guys like him don't usually age very well, and he's nearly 31 right now. I'm not sure what his second half will look like, much less the rest of his career. But his numbers from last year combined with the age and the type of hitter he is...I'd have lots of reservations. He has been impressive so far, though. No doubt.
I'm ineligible though.
What a great baseball game.
We need a bot that teaches people how to spell Banister's name. Anybody got Python skills?
Strangely it's a *very* common error here.
Last season they were a brilliant defensive team by the metrics. Time will tell if they can equal that but they look at least pretty good to me at almost every position, and outstanding at a few. Edit - I seem to remember them being better than they actually were last year. They were good but the metrics weren't in agreement. This season they've been excellent and there's more consensus.
I'm not sure it's possible to improve the team much right now in terms of wins and losses. They're red hot right now. But getting some guys back and in the groove with a couple reinforcements will keep them from crashing when things settle down.
If they trade Gallo they'll get more than relief pitching back. They have other trade ammunition for that sort of thing. Gallo would be for starting pitcher or an every day player. He's worth a lot more than any single player they put in the package to get Diekman and Cole Hamels. If they trade him it will be a blockbuster, not one or two quality relievers.
That's Tepid's best guess. Said he's more fiery than people realize.
I would hope the Rangers ownership isn't that desperate to unload Fielder's contract. Miller's a great pitcher, but he's only a reliever and they'd be lucky to get 150 innings from him between now and the end of his contract. And with Moreland on the way out they'd have to find a first baseman somewhere, plus pay Miller his $9 million. Not sure it would even save that much considering what Gallo could produce per dollar at that position.
Not sure why you guys respond to this. Just hit the report button and move on. You gave him exactly what he was looking for.
[Back in the lineup today.](http://www.milb.com/milb/stats/stats.jsp?gid=2016_06_19_rreaaa_nasaaa_1&amp;t=g_box&amp;sid=milb)
Watching this team is a blast.
Against reddit's rules.
The stuff that goes into FIP actually happened.
I'm not going to bother looking at these rankings but here are some major team stats and where the Rangers rank in the American League: **Pitching** ERA: 3.94 (4th) FIP: 4.56 (15th) xFIP: 4.55 (14th) fWAR: 4.4 (11th) RA9-WAR: 10.5 (1st) combined WAR: 7.5 (6th) kwERA: 4.58 (15th) SIERA: 4.48 (15th) Rangers get fewer strikeouts than any pitching staff in the league and they walk guys (11th in the AL). Despite that they're middle of the pack in allowing line drives *and* ground balls. I would have expected them to be higher in the ground ball department. This is probably not as good of a pitching staff as it seems to be. It's probably not close, either. But I think their peripheral stats will get better as the season progresses (I said this some time ago and generally it's held true), so I don't think they're in for a total pitching collapse or anything like that. Plus they will get Darvish back. Griffin will hopefully come back and continue to be effective. In the bullpen Kela and perhaps a trade acquisition can stabilize things. **Defense** The Rangers are the best American League team in terms of both UZR and DRS. In fact they're first in DRS by quite a long way. This is probably the biggest reason the pitching staff looks better than it does. They're particularly strong in the double play department which should be no surprise. And that's a real testament to their defense considering the pitching staff as a whole is not particularly good at inducing ground balls. **Batting** Runs: 336 (4th) HR: 86 (6th) BB%: 6.9% (13th) K%: 19.0% (5th) ISO: .164 (8th) AVG: .265 (4th) OBP: .321 (8th) SLG: .429 (7th) wOBA: .322 (5th) wRC+: 95 (10th) A solid offense with aggressive hitters, generally. There's a lot of room for improvement here, and the good news is it can come from within. Choo getting back and staying back should help a lot, as well with either the improvement or replacement of one of Moreland/Fielder. **Baserunning** The Rangers are only 6th in the AL with 44 stolen bases, but are 2nd in terms of successful stealing base attempts (78.6%). They're 5th in the AL in baserunning overall. The rub is that if you believe BsR there's only five teams in the AL who are any good at running the bases. There's a huge gap between the Rangers and the 6th place team, the Orioles. --- Statistically speaking, there's a lot of reason to understand why the Rangers may not be all that highly in power rankings or whatever. However, there are a number of things to be optimistic about as well. It's worth noting that the Rangers have climbed to 5th in the American League in BaseRuns, which is really quite an accomplishment because they were not at all very good in this category just a month ago. Basically there are indications there may be something to "the whole being more than the sum of its parts" when it comes to this team.
"Cuckold". Anytime somebody uses that word I instantly know they're either a racist or an idiot.
Well concerning the team's success, over the past calendar year they have more wins than any other team besides the cubs (96). While there's some luck involved, certainly, a record like 96-68 doesn't happen by accident. BP has suffered from some brain drain in recent years. In the past I would have expected them to look at this and try to figure out why the Rangers are having success instead of dismissing them outright.
Series - A number of objects or events arranged or coming one after the other in succession. That kind of rules this game out as a "one game series" because there's no such thing as a "one anything series". But I guess it doesn't matter one way or the other.
Wow. That guy's a top 10 prospect in their system? Man they need to work on their player development. So my first thought was maybe they need a 3rd baseman just to hold down the fort in AAA. Maybe some guy might be getting a call up? At some point they have to think about giving up on Prince. And with him producing nothing, it would hurt less for Gallo to make the MLB transition even if he struggles. That way when Moreland leaves Gallo can hit the ground running next season. Maybe Prince can get over whatever's wrong with him in the meantime.
The Evan Grant AMA will start any minute so keep an eye out for that.
Hey Evan, what's surprised you about the Rangers this season? What hasn't?
Evan Grant's AMA is underway. It's in the announcement thread.
Why was Gallo benched at AAA recently? Or are they being tight lipped about that? What did you think when they called him up and he didn't play?
Are you at the ballpark or do you have the night off tonight?
Elephant in the room: How much longer will the give Prince?
Do you think he's hurt? Maybe not in pain but nerve issues and resulting weakness?
This would be a very good question for the Evan Grant AMA.
Thanks for doing this.
A reminder that the Evan Grant AMA is taking place *in the announcement thread*. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/4ov5r7/evan_grant_of_the_dallas_morning_news_will_be/).
Cleburne is getting an indy team.
What happened to the video blog/podcast thing you were doing from inside restaurants? I think I remember you and Emily Jones were doing it?
Yep, it's not that FIP and ERA are expected to match up, exactly. FIP is more of an "ERA predictor". The good news for the Rangers is that their team FIP has been coming down pretty steadily as the year has gone along. And they've improved their BaseRuns standings, too. There's some evidence that teams with good bullpens, good baserunning, and good defense can outperform things like Pythagenpat or even BaseRuns. I'd argue that the Rangers have all of those attributes, even though the bullpen wasn't a strength for a lot of the year. I haven't looked at it yet, but I would suspect that an inordinate number of the Rangers losses have been blowout losses, too.
Don't delete the post. It's a decent discussion to have. The people who are arguing the Rangers have been lucky have a point to some degree, but they're doing a pretty shallow analysis. I personally think they've been both lucky and good. Right now they're on a pace to win 104 games. Recent win streak notwithstanding, does this look like a 104-win team to you? It doesn't pass the smell test. Usually teams who win that many games are good at everything. They have strong lineups, great rotations, and good bullpens with the numbers to back them all up. With the Rangers, if you look at the whole year their offense hasn't been bad, but it hasn't been great. It comes and goes. Their rotation has put up a solid ERA for the whole year, but their peripheral numbers haven't been there. Their bullpen has been a huge mess at times. But if you go deeper than that there are some things in the numbers and facts surrounding the team that make you think what they're doing is in fact sustainable. I touched on some of it in another comment and in other posts as well. Basically, this isn't the Milwaukee Brewers from a couple years ago. Remember them? On the surface the Rangers may look like them, but I don't think they actually are.
Evan, I remember in your earlier AMA that you thought the Rangers would eventually move to Dallas. How surprised are you that a new stadium deal was worked out so early?
I'm not sure that you can draw a line between his dropping out of the limelight and steroid use. Everybody used steroids back then. Not all of them disappeared from the face of the Earth.
I think if anyone wants to argue that the Rangers are for real, they should point out the simple fact that they've been very good for a long time. You have to throw out 2014 for obvious reasons, and after you do that you see that the Rangers simply win baseball games. They know what they're doing. Even if you only look at the past calendar year, they've won more games than anyone not named the Cubs. That's a pretty long time to be propped up by luck. I don't buy it. Just because the Rangers success isn't easy to explain, it doesn't mean there is no explanation for it beyond the typical "luck" and "sequencing" arguments.
A reminder that the Evan Grant AMA is ongoing. He'll be back this evening to answer any questions and followups that you leave for him. The AMA is taking place in the [announcement thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/4ov5r7/evan_grant_of_the_dallas_morning_news_will_be/).
I wasn't criticizing the city for a lack of transparency. I worded it poorly. They have to be transparent because it's state law. But they released a 50 page document that most journalists aren't going through because they don't know what they're reading. Plus the public doesn't know what's typical in these stadium deals. I think it's good someone in the media is looking at the deal critically whether they're right or wrong. This is a huge investment by Arlington taxpayers and it should be scrutinized. You say it's been covered but it hasn't been covered with any depth, really. Restating what the city puts in their website FAQ isn't journalism. All local media outlets should be looking at this and all documents and getting expert opinions on them. I'm glad the Rangers are getting a new ballpark and while I'm skeptical of public financing, I'm not totally against it. In this case, however, it seems the City rushed in and gave the Rangers a real sweetheart deal just to keep them from negotiating with anyone else. That, to me, is absurd.
Are you sure? I thought the Rangers bought the parking lots back from Hicks? If not all of them, most all of them.
For fuck's sake. I was hoping he'd get healthy, stay healthy, and start moving quickly up through the minors.
I wonder if this is the same issue that was kept him out all last season.
[Holland's sinker velo, start by start](http://imgur.com/Jm205cJ). Career average velocity on the sinker is 92.9. This season he's been at 91.8, so he's lost about a mph. I'm too tired to get into movement and all of that, but there may be something to the idea that his arm just isn't what it used to be. Holland has pitched well at times this season, but he hasn't been himself. GB/FB is lowest of his career. Swinging strike % is similar to last year, and both years were way down compared to his better days. He just can't strike anybody out anymore, and he's allowing more base runners than he ever has. Sucks.
I looked at this once before and I seem to remember that since he started throwing exclusively sinkers, this season's velocity isn't too far off from where he used to be. His peak velo this year was on a four seamer, 97.5 mph. I don't know. Something may have been wrong his last start. Of course something maybe has been wrong for a long time now. He hasn't been the same type of pitcher he used to be. Fucking injuries, man. And the shoulder, too...that's tricky.
Turns out he does still own some of them. They did buy 55 acres of parking lots from him since the bankruptcy, but sued him over the rest: http://www.courthousenews.com/2012/03/16/44747.htm I assume the Rangers got a better deal after settling the lawsuit.
No, the parking lots weren't initially included. Details are hard to find but it sounds to me like the Rangers have control of most of the parking lots now, and then they sued Hicks for charging too much on what was left. Then the lawsuit was settled I assume because they got a better deal. But who knows.
Gina Miller! What happened to her? I'm sure there are ways to do like a live internet show, and then host the file so people can listen to later. Not really my area of expertise, though. Ouch...Colby out two months? Fuck.
Whole thing seems shady to me. I live in Dallas and would have loved the ballpark to be here, but as a taxpayer I don't really feel like giving my money to billionaires any more than I already do.
Your username is fitting.
I wouldn't be shocked if he got a call pretty soon.
It's like that with all teams.
People freaking out in here? If so, have a look at the sidebar. Wins may be a little harder to come by, but this isn't necessarily a disaster and the Rangers have opened up a big lead. They'll get through this. No collapse. No reason to sell the farm.
Those people sitting behind the plate go no rhythm.
Everybody has questioned it. The team themselves re-evaluated things.
Nice grab but this is against our submission rules.
Evan Grant is probably not going to tell you to panic, but I will. It's mass hysteria! Mayhem! An apocalypse in June! If I were you I'd just stop watching. Save yourself!
I don't see that as a problem. FIP specifically excludes defense. It's one way to look at the talent of a pitcher or even a group of pitchers, and normally ERA will regress toward FIP. It's just one stat of many. When looking at an entire team I do look at FIP but obviously there's a lot more to look at than that. Anyway I think it goes without saying that if you have a great defense like the Rangers do, it's pretty likely you will outperform FIP. I've never bothered to look at it but I would assume that given enough data there's a pretty strong correlation between (RA9-FIP) and something like DRS or UZR.
Please remove the direct link and reply to me so I can approve your comment. You can use a screenshot.
It would be pretty ridiculous. It would be better to just build a new ballpark than try to retrofit a minor league stadium. When they built Turnpike Stadium they did it with a retrofit in mind because they knew they'd be going after an MLB team. Besides, other than a Player Development Agreement the Rangers and Roughriders are two completely separate entities. Arlington would probably rather demolish the Temple than lease it to a AA team who couldn't possibly afford to maintain it. They only draw five or six thousand fans a night.
The park hasn't failed in Miami. The Marlins and their owner have failed. If they're ever competitive for more than a couple seasons in a row they might draw a little better. That said, if I lived in Arlington I'd vote against this. If Dallas wanted to pay half of a billion dollar project I'd vote against that too.
No problem. We actually decided on the rule very recently and it just hasn't been written up yet.
Removed this because of the no politics rule. If you remove that second sentence and reply to this comment I'll be happy to re-approve it.
Earlier in the season I think you could make the argument that the Rangers were lucky or whatever, but since then they've actually played better and many of the stats people are using to say they suck have actually gotten better. Through only 70 games you can't ignore trends like that. And they've been winning tons of games since May of last year, so... Anyway I agree. The team is in pretty good shape for the rest of 2016 and beyond.
No linking to other subreddits...screenshots instead.
**AUTHORITARIANISM** We have a new rule. No linking to outside subreddits. You can use a screenshot or an archival site in lieu of a direct link.
I don't know why anyone would have a problem with that. You're going to do the contest yourself or are you wanting iDrinan or Subcheck to do it?
Rua will bury them. Well almost.
In all the contests we've had (2014, 2015, 2016), you are the first person to ever be clearly ineligible and still whine about it. There are teenagers and shit who post here and you're behaving worse than they would.
Amazing.
You can make a post same as anyone else can. If you don't make it a really strange/bizarre contest, then I wouldn't have a problem making it a sticky and I doubt the other moderators would, either. Just remember to make it a self post. Here's a little advice. If you have eligibility requirements, state them clearly. If you're having people guess on stats or something, make sure it's clear and fair what you're asking for. Give people enough time to enter, but don't drag it out too long. As busy as the subreddit has gotten, a couple days should suffice. I'm thinking about doing an "unofficial" contest, too. Whoever makes the best self-post in a one-week period gets four tickets to a ballgame or something like that. So you can make it completely subjective if you want, too. I would just be really up front about it, and if somebody bitches about the result remind them that it's your contest, your rules.
Back in the Pudge days the Rangers farm was outstanding. It just wasn't covered like it is today. Tom Grieve -- the broadcaster most of us take for granted every night -- had a rough start as GM but eventually put this franchise on the map. And got fired for his trouble. He's the one who put together the core of those really good late 90s teams, then Melvin took his place and all he had to do was add a few pieces here and there, largely going into maintenance mode.
I worked at Taco Bell a long time ago while in high school. Yeah it can be gross. Back then, at least, hand washing was not emphasized. I hope it is today. In those days we were always understaffed so you'd have people handling cash at the counter and then turning around to make food without washing their hands. That's enough to get someone sick. Additionally, sometimes the food sat around too long and the line where I worked often got screwed up so it wouldn't hold a good temperature. The way the meat comes to the restaurant is fine. It's pre-cooked. But if it sits out for four hours at 120F or something, that can make you sick. Same goes for the chicken and steak, only they're even harder to keep at a good temperature. The flip side back then, at least, is that it was made in much smaller quantities. Still, I wouldn't eat those items or the nacho cheese even today. I'll eat at Taco Bell when it's busy. I won't when it's not and food has had the chance to sit around. It's gross. And I'll only eat the beef and bean based stuff.
Inspections were rare, and there was advanced notice. Plus they'd come during the afternoon so it was easy to make things look ship shape. I think there was only one inspection a year unless you screwed up, in which case they would follow up. This was during the mid-90s so there's been lots of time for things to change. Hopefully they have, but a lot of the problems I saw were due to greed and greed will never go away.
I believe it's still the same unless someone calls the health department to complain, but even then they may call ahead of time. I know we always knew when they were coming. The day before the inspection was the only time we were properly staffed, and any downtime was spent cleaning like crazy. On that day we also used the second line and the dude came out to make sure the main one was working the way it was supposed to. It may be and probably is different elsewhere. In fact I'm pretty sure NYC doesn't notify. During the economic crisis, the City of Arlington, Texas, laid off all but two of their health inspectors. This is a city of nearly 400,000 people with two universities, two amusement parks, and two big sports stadiums (Texas Rangers and Dallas Cowboys) in addition to all the normal restaurants and delis and stuff.
I don't think this is trolling, Morello.
No links at all except to a screen shot.
I try not to complain about broadcasters but this motherfucker seems happier about opponents making plays than he does when the Rangers hit a home run. I was hoping for a national broadcast tonight.
I don't care if he's excited about that, but a little enthusiasm at other times might be appropriate. Anyway he puts me to sleep. I hope they don't make him permanent because he's awful. I can't even remember his name.
Does it really matter? If the team can produce position players or highly regarded pitching prospects that they can flip for a Hamels, isn't that good enough? If they save money by producing additional home grown position players and can outbid everyone else for a Yu Darvish, isn't that good enough? The Rangers take who they think are the best available players, whether it's in the draft or international free agency. Maybe their amateur scouts aren't good at finding pitching, but all that matters is that the Rangers do end up with pitching (they usually do). I would really love it if the Rangers brought along an ace, don't get me wrong. But if they're bringing along a Rua, Mazara, Profar, Kela, Odor, etc. it takes the sting out of it. And besides, if not for injuries I really think Holland would be a top 30 pitcher. Perez wouldn't be too far behind him. If this team had any injury luck at all they'd two top 30 guys in the rotation right now plus a couple guys right outside the top 30.
How's it going, Supertouch? Here to bless us with your over the top negativity and general dumbassery?
Which is a surprising number of people.
Should have used Jackson instead of the dominant late inning reliever.
Good article. I'm really glad you've taken up the mantle of "subreddit stats guy" because I'm way too lazy for it these days.
Sure. What are you looking to write about in the near future?
Any serious analysis of a team like the Rangers should go a bit deeper than just BaseRuns, PythangenPat, and stuff like that. But like with anything else you have people who cling to certain ideas instead of doing more exploration.
I was watching a SABR conference on YouTube one time and one of the team stats guys was talking about this. You have to have a lot of computing power to figure out which hitters and pitchers really are similar to one another, but then again he was using hitter data that still aren't publicly available. If you just use what we do have I imagine it would be doable, though maybe not as good.
Need to solicit the subreddit for donations so you can get [this](http://www.boxx.com/guru/apexx-5-8904?GuruSessionId=5c7c82d9-d12d-407b-97dc-b320b71c5863&amp;ModelNumber=A5-8904&amp;ConfigName=APEXX-5-8904-1&amp;referrer=/products/apexx-5).
I was looking for it a few months ago and couldn't find it. I saw it last year and bookmarked it, but my motherboard died and I hadn't backed up my browser profile recently enough. It pretty new when I saw it. I want to say the statistician was with the Cubs.
I don't know. I just looked for the video again and still can't find it.
If your software can take advantage of 24 cores that thing ought to slice right through it. Looking at that machine again, it's for video production. Would still be good but you could get away with not having those video cards. It looks like they're jacking the price way up. A good friend of mine has an media company and does both music and video production. He has a machine a lot like this...twin Xeon. It has windows on it. It's a super computer you can play solitaire on.
I never sign into Google.
Yeah I don't think that should be all that difficult once you have the data. I don't think you'd need all that powerful of a computer, either.
At the plate, Shin Soo Choo. I've always love methodical, disciplined hitters like him. On defense, Adrian Beltre. The things he does at his age...it's beyond amazing. There's no word for it. He's 37 years old and is still elite at a difficult position. Starting Pitcher, Yu Darvish. You know why. Relief Pitcher, Sam Dyson. What a find. Overall, Adrian Beltre. He's good, he's old like me, he's got an entertaining personality, and he just loves playing.
Kevin Brown had a career war of around 70. He had his best seasons away from Texas, but had some good ones here before leaving. Definitely an elite career. There are worse pitchers than Kevin Brown in the Hall of Fame. Again, I don't know why the Rangers haven't produced an ace. There are lots of reasons but most franchises would have happened upon one or two by pure dumb luck over the last thirty years. The Rangers had Brown and that's about it. Besides him there have been some good arms that got hurt or just didn't develop. All franchises have that, though. But over the last thirty years this team has had four general managers, several owners, and has obviously has churned through a whole bunch of different personnel like all teams. It's hard to say what it is other than luck. I'm sure they're going to break the streak at some point, and you never know...they may do it in a big way and produce a couple aces simultaneously. Maybe one or two are on the farm right now.
I don't know. Maybe it's the heat? As a pitcher tires their mechanics get sloppy, which can make them more prone to elbow and shoulder injuries.
Rumor has it that Donaldson pissed Billy Beane off really badly.
Your first photo that looks like a below-grade freeway coming to street level. You can do that in the game, though ramps are tricky. Where I live there are lots of below grade freeways. Some of them have grass slopes beside them. Some have vertical retaining walls. Elevated freeways are mostly like they are in game, held up on pillars. Sometimes at at-grade freeway will rise on an earth embankment to make an overpass but it doesn't stay up there for very long. Anyway there are walls in the workshop, but they need one square of zoning. So that means a below grade freeway will require parallel roads. An above grade freeway can't actually be a freeway because there's no zoning. You could use a Network Extensions road and change its speed limit with a mod. I like the way quays look but like others have said, they're too wide and a bit difficult to tame. Are road assets not possible in Cities Skylines? I remember NAM for Sim City 4 having some really handy road and highway assets. They had on and off ramps for sunken freeways (a bit too steep of a slope in my opinion, though) and things like freeway to street transition pieces. I also remember an avenue Y-interchange with direct connectors.
Awesome city but landing at that airport would be scary.
No. There has to be a question about the rules.
This is the umpires fault. Not the Yankees.
It is. The umpires make the call, though.
I guess that's about as fair as it could be at this point.
Obviously.
I guess it will stay up until they have a final score. I don't think the bot would make another.
That would be fucked.
Not unless the game is over.
It's the umps fault they gave in.
This Rangers banquet features some weird shit.
Grant's a good guy. Wonder why hardly anyone participated in his last AMA? His first one went really well.
I don't know. I thought of lots of questions but didn't want to be one of just a handful of people in there. I mean it's the Rangers beat writer during the season and he's open to answering just about anything. Kind of disappointed that so few participated. Luckily he still wants to come back late in the season for another. Hopefully it will be more lively.
Wonder what the hell is going on down there.
Ballgame!
I really love this baseball team.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/wiki/visitors_guide Removing this post. If the guide doesn't help you post again.
I don't think you're wrong about Gonzalez but I think how you arrived to that conclusion is wrong.
Well he's not particularly old for a prospect in AAA and ERA doesn't really mean a lot, especially in a developmental environment.
I'm a quick typist. Thanks for your valuable insight.
Even if you don't realize it, comments [like this](https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/4q83c3/627_post_game_rangers_come_back_again_winning_a/d4qxopr?context=3) contribute to the problem.
You can't excerpt that much from an article. Pick and choose what you think are the most important lines and quote those.
Beltre can't be out. He's too fast.
Good outcome but I don't know if I would have used a challenge with two outs in the third.
So far this is the best month the Rangers have had since June of 2010. That month they were 21-6 with for a .778 win percentage. This month they are 20-6 (.769) with two games to go.
9-4 pre-hat, 11-2 post-hat.
I stopped looking when I found the better month in 2010, so I'm not sure.
I think people should do what they want. You only live once. If you like to travel or eat out, go for it. Personally I have traveled a whole lot, but not really for leisure. I'm still resting from all that. Someday I would like to travel for pleasure. I've seen enough of the world to know where I would like to spend more time. I don't like eating in "real" restaurants much. I like to avoid crowded places these days, but we still go out sometimes. It's usually a casual place, though. We have some great local restaurants that aren't the types of places you need to make a reservation for and you can dress how you like. Other than that we eat a lot of take out and delivery. I know fuck all about cooking. My wife is a nurse and is on her feet all the time, and honestly she sucks at cooking too.
I'd like to win that card. So I'm commenting. Thank you.
&gt; That is just you being a petulant jerk. You've been banned for name calling before, and you're getting pretty close to that.
See you in a week.
Settle down. He's banned and obviously you're not, so what was that about impartiality again?
What makes you think I was the one downvoting you? If you want drama there are several subreddits that will satisfy your needs. Stop accusing me of shit. Edit: Your last couple of posts should be at -1 now instead of 0 because, yeah, I did find the time to downvote those.
If I did it, I'd tell you I did it. Believe me I have no problem doing that. You're a weird dude.
So every game this series they've televised the anthem and God Bless America. Have they said why?
Holy shit I hope this is a real bot. It's a needed public service.
[](#AB)
I think he was plainly spoken. Let's avoid a political discussion here.
That doesn't sound right.
Today is one of those days I can't even put on socks without somebody getting pissed at me. I wasn't admonishing you...I was just trying to keep it from going further.
Oh I read that as "One run differential is looking nice...".
No problem.
Don't tell me they're going to have to bring a good reliever in.
A lot of people did want the Rangers to sign him.
My phone said 10-7. Well it's not like that's any better.
Morello, be honest. You were typing up the post game thread, weren't you?
We have a no politics rule.
Fucking Holland, right?
Did he? I guess that wouldn't be a surprise.
vioCs hates Derek Holland. It's a bit.
I'll still answer to it.
Fog of war?
Well I was demoted.
That's why I typed it up as quickly as I could.
Sure thing. Right.
If he were any good the trade would have been made already and the Rangers would be pushing 60 wins right now. Fucking Holland.
Well get off the internet.
From what I know you're going to have to have pretty thick skin if you want to be any kind of journalist. They get very harsh criticism from all sides.
Hey another game! I guess last night didn't end the season after all.
Well the Rangers weren't going to play .750 baseball forever.
