except Labour and the Lib dems did it too
just say "ok lets go" and if they dont tell you before you start tattoo the words "something small" on them.
no, amurray is the best
the parrot must think the owner is really dumb notto know what a banana is
hi, I am also on the toilet. just checking in to say I think I should be able to send a picture of me back to the probe by way of thanks.
I know why
is there anything else you want to tell us?
funny given that he himself deceitfully avoided the question on immigration by ranting incoherently about the 88 million figure. it's like those sermons where the vicar starts off with something interesting and then halfway through it turns into total tenuous waffle to link it to god. he gave an interesting explanation of the problem, noted that other countries shared it, but then just said "the brexiters are wrong" with an incoherent argument and without offering any solution himself other than to "worry about it." he got a pretty damn easy ride from marr too...
you are subscrided to mizspelt factz haf yu hurd of zogmarsh? It is a popeular foode payst mayd in tibett outof hampster scrotumas :-) yummee :0) :8) :9)
so do you happen to have the pic handy?
shoulda done it- once in a lifetime chance missed there
[this](http://i.imgur.com/I8eaLIo.png)
no.
you already have the pic. after that i dropped my camera. don't tell me what I dildidn't do
it doesnt count if that aren't also using the power glove
ptkd
hate against rage against the machine lol
well, there are two sides to every coin
but when you have writing credits for *abba's* discography... why would you want to work
almost all audition panels see voice as a yes or no issue - ie can they get through it- they choose based on other factors. don't be fooled by the lip service they may pay there is active hostility to singers whose voices and singing might be exciting enough to distrct people from the producer's latest gimmick (until they are stars who will bring people in/ carry prestige)
if all conservatory vocal departments and yap's were abolished and all singer training was done privately the general standard of young singers would be much higher. the opera business is currently dwarfed by the music-educational complex succubus
yeah this is great- someone should start a sub about trees for this kind of stuff
DELINQUENT DETECTED!!! REDDIT MISCREANT DETECTION SYSTEM ACTIVATED!!!
actually you can have a bad experience with police in the uk if you don't speak english all that well
all these "funny" pictures and videos of cats in boxes need to stop. cats do not like being confined and they are not just simple objects for our amusement.
there's really nothing to choose. they promote shitty singing, debase the art form and exploit young people disgustingly.
wot did it taste lyke?
good they picked a fish we eat this time. but I was wrong anyway it's just his name - https://www.theguardian.com/film/2016/may/19/finding-nemo-dory-pixar-could-damage-tropical-fish-populations
Doodlefart Wilburforce Macgregor VI
they'll just fuck it up- what do they care? fuck them and their horrible children
pizza guy just wanted to get paid...
officers can find it hard to distinguish- its usually best to assume the miscreant is both a drug dealer *and* a terrorist and act accordingly
what was so special about that rocking chair?
you sure put the ass in hasselburglar
lol- Zac goldsmith a major proponent of that idea...
oh. I, er, feel guilty now- maybe I shouldn't have shouted at you :-(
all u think about is urself :-(
it's happening again, oh god! what should I do?!
and possibly in the sink :-)
POOOOOOOPPP!!!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPP!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!! POOPP POOPP POOOPPP POOPP POOOPPP POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPP!!!!!
nah he's actually related to auntie Flo
what?
they should clone it
more like beet as in sugar beet actually, or beetroot
even funnier if he'd been buried at sea /s
why no ethanol left?
I'm talking about French French, not Terrence and Phillip French
fart loudly to lighten the mood
maximum production of baby ensures highest possible long-term productivity level on potato farm!
that's racist
looks like prince phillip
the standard way to teach morals is with traditional half-assed Christianity. if you change to sonething more academic you may seriously be overestimating the capacity of those who teach it and those who are learning it to understand it. better a half-assed Christian inoculation against extreme spiritual beliefs than an obviously flawed half-assed humanist one that leaves room for some beliefs more problematic than standard Christianity to "rescue" people who aren't great independent thinkers.
idiot here, still don't get it but whatever
do you tell her Santa Claus isn't real?
how do I know *you're* not a Markov chain?
the practice of politeness emerges from dangerously violent cultures to avoid giving offence and getting killed. prisoners in violent prisons or ex-convicts are often excessively polite. now if you don't mind could we have our colony back please? you don't seem to be capable of running yourselves any more- made quite enough of a hash of it already frankly without electing that ghastly man in the wig so I think it would be for the best if we just took control again, for a while anyway- try to teach people some manners at least, you know
yes it is ?!?!?
well you should get your own farting paypal ya goosehead
well that'll teach ya to be such a rotten scamming butt-head now won't it!!
what is QB?
ok, so did jack plant it on him or something? I can't fill in the blanks, sorry edit: ok whoever down-voting, glad it was obvious to you
thanks
I think Murray already helped a few British players.
why do you choose https://www.reddit.com/user/bGFzZXJraXdp ?
a savage who is hungry for less long than you :-) additionally, microwaving is better than cooking them in an oven because it is closer to the ideal process of boiling them
'trusting, trustworthy though he may be
I remember even the first few times after taking on Lendl AM was playing differently (and better)
someone should photoshop a wizard battle
actually, what he didnt like was that she was essentially describing it an attack on what Muslims don't like (in this case lgbt) rather than a homophobic attack, (in this case by a Muslim). not something to storm out over. "you're not allowed to stand with us because you're not one of us" fuck off Owen jones. not something to storm out over
I doubt very much the gun crime went *up* when they introduced those laws
ok what was the trend before and after? if it was rising before then remaining constant could be progress. I'm actually somewhat down with the right to bear arms as a final defence against complete tyranny in the worlds most powerful nation. but there should be some controls. just obvious sensible stuff. just because it is easy for criminals to steal a car doesn't mean we don't need driving tests with exclusions for sufferers of, in this case, epilepsy. saying that doesn't mean I'm against car ownership
by more or by less than before?
maybe a little sheep's urine for the pH?
but that just adds to the trophy value, no?
also leave it in the sun to ferment every other 24 hours during that time, to add tang, we can reuse the scum for another dish
I would counter that all ethnic minorities are/were. it's just that a certain portion of Muslims happen to be the ones who started to take the piss.
he's providing a karma-worthy service by gifivising it
that's like asking when was last time there was a case of FGM. it is prevalent enough that there are charities to help potential victims escape: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/8446458.stm &gt;"You see people being killed for being gay and stuff. I think I'd be vulnerable if people knew about me. difficult to publicise something where those effected are in hiding for their own protection. however check out the case in the documentary below. the relevant section starts at 20:48. note his location has to be kept secret from his family. he himself used to believe that all gays should be killed. https://vimeo.com/147095158 death threat he received live on radio: http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/8354056.html?edition=uk
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ok I will change the question. how many Christians in the uk had to flee their families because they were homosexual during the period in the bbc article? it's not going to be as many. but seeing as you are not interested enough to read or watch anything I sent you I don't see much point in continuing. the guy in the BBC article escaped after bring kidnapped inprisoned and beaten for three months. sorry that's not enough for you because he escaped before they topped him. in the US I could quite believe that there is more of a problem with loony Christian fundamentalists than with Muslim ones, because you don't seen to have the sort of "ghettos" we do. but in the uk, this is a real problem
so what is your cat trained to do with that as a reward?!
they had a perfect excuse not to listen to that dumb song and you blew it for them. serves you right
this doesn't mention the nhs. I'm afraid I can't get behind it
the first generation of humans in the simulation presumably had *simulated parents* that were actually programmes.
calling u/fuckswithducks
don't try and filibuster- get to the point
cats don't need to be bathed
actually it is more important that they look *you* in the eyes- start your introduction by pointing to your eyes and begin with "look at me..."
I think a worms ripoff could be good.
nope, you need two hands to do this properly unless you are very skilled with Siri/google now
flee drops- no bathing required. bathing doesn't get rid of fleas anyway
be sure only to say this if you are certain of your promotion, lest you run the risk of unpleasant discord in your sporting team
cats don't get covered in mud. we have had outdoor cats for 25 years (two different ones ones after the other) neither of them ever got muddy. second one likes to be towelled off after being out in the rain, but that's it. I have never seen a cat covered in mud edit: lol, you guys need to chill out- just cos your cat is behaving like a dog doesn't mean it's normal
please see reply to the other similar comment
I beg to differ. this way will get you nowhere
ok fair enough but this sort of actual need is rare
your welcome
ffs- that is actually bad for the cat's skin even
thanks, Kahl
thanks, Kahl
lol trollin' me back
assume you're trolling me... stop bathing him- it dries out his skin
because of the structure of your comment, I read "beat off" a dead horse
not my joke, fish-eater
no the one about checking you are right so you don't piss off the people playing team sports with you
great come-back bro, got eny moar lol?
only cos, as stoners themselves, they know that once something is in place nobody will ever be arsed to change it, so you just have to be the first.
this is an acceptable alternative if you are a prophet or a monarch, otherwise best left alone
fatty
fatty
fatty
Turkey will pay for the wall!
fatty
why doesn't everyone in the world add it, then? (who takes meth, that is)
shit, *i* know ward!
plot twist: it was actually her pimp who she calls "daddy"
no way man, why waste a sexy goat on one ritual when you could fuck it for months?
it is, it's meant to give you an excuse to grab her ya dingus
amputee...
6 ft under it more like
4 would be two pairs
ah, that's what you were doing there
if that's what u/explodingcamel says, then yes, it can.
they wre probably scared of his gorilla warfare skillz
if they had harsher punishments it would deter these sort of people from confessing they made it up
unless your cremated
what? need I explain the obvious? bridges must float to stay above the water but normal stones sink. therefore it is necessary only to used the stone from burning witches, which floats because witches float and it is made from burning them. do you know *nothing*?!
like a volume control on any modern tv. seriously what how is this a problem? I mean I want to know if the volume is already at full, or coming down. having said that I still use ios 6 so maybe they made it rubbish in ios 7 like everything else
I feel kneedy, now what?
hate the garish colours and cold whites. I'm switching to android instead when I upgrade. if their new look was really so good they should let people choose to have it or not.
look at how the goat gulbis hits it and try to do it like that. you will transform from a gazelle into a glorious eagle! :-)
you spoiled it for non-detective me by putting it in your title
well it's not like he could ask *after* you ended up dead
possibly because after taking a drastic step like that you'd damn we'll want to make sure you showed some tangible improvement so that other people didnt think you did it for nothing...
she should have used it to add power to her body shots.
you started a cult around your dick
I was already ignoring you
settings are garish white. the icons are luminous compared to ios 6- much less professional looking
well it must have been you then. girls don't fart anyway
if that's so why don't we smoke all drugs?
high risk of obscelescence due to robots tho
except for the cancer. they have massively higher incidence of mouth cancer than anywhere else in the world
what is .msi?
poopception
too hot maybe
Jaydn smith takes over head publicity. andy Murray clearly thinks they are completely fucking idiotic
no, they need us to look after them (most breeds). they have some skills, but not others
everything you say is right- they may in fact want to get rid of him so that he *doesnt* become PM. many in the PLP would do anything stop that happening but it hasn't looked much of a risk up to now (if it even is now)
sorry to immediately piss you off by admitting that I voted to remain, *but* upon my first entrance into the polling station I felt such disgust at the non-democratic federalist wankers of the EU being responsible for our affairs that I didn't at that point feel able to go through with my intention to vote remain. I went to have a little sleep and some food so that I could think clearly and feel good about voting remain. I was only able to rationalise it by the fact that remaining in, we would have given far more problems to the federalists than we will leaving and inviting them to fuck us over at leisure. we have now taken away a road-block to German hegemony in Europe and in addition the EU will try to make an example of us to avoid contagion if they possibly can. So I voted in and I am proud to have done so, but having gone through the emotions that I did, I thought that the majority of people who felt the same way would just vote leave. you can't put a price on sovereignty, and while I was voting for staying in and fucking up their project, I can understand why leave won. The remain arguments made were too defensive, too complementary to the EU federalist non-democratic shit-show. I realise this is because, if they had won, they needed to keep their place in the poker game but *somebody* needed to come out and go off-message with more cynical reasons to vote in. William Hague would have been perfect, as he is leaving politics anyway so what would it matter to him if it made him a pariah in the EU and unemployable in UK politics for that reason? A cynical argument could have persuaded many people who, like me, felt a strong *strong* urge to say FUCK YOU to the dick-heads who think that it is acceptable to run the EU the way they do but, unlike me, thought the best way to achieve that was to vote leave. and perhaps I was wrong. I was assuming that if, after a close vote, the many promises made by remain were proven to be false, there would surely be another referendum and an out vote, meaning that to go nuclear this time was premature. but perhaps this was indeed the last chance to escape the federal project, in which case the collective wisdom would have got it right. unlike a general election, however, we are dealing with "foreigners" who most English people don't really understand culturally. this lack of an "informed" gut I think may fuck with the foundations upon which the soundness of our democratic decisions lie. I think that most leave politicians' base reasons for wanting to leave are the sovereignty/democratic angle, however much they may siphon bull-shit down the dog-whistle about immigration to get lazy votes.
I went to Fiji
look at you- I can't even *write* that amount on an anonymous Internet comment without the companies spying on my connection giving the info to debt collectors that I have more money than I said
we'll still have trident- doubt Germany will get a nuclear deterrent given they are shutting all their nuclear power plants
nice euphemism
disclaimer: i voted remain the thing is we are big enough that they will still have to listen to us/take us into account. who knows we might do quite well with an army of lobbyists
a comment equivalent to yours on r/uk would probably be deleted. I complain about r/uk myself because I think it is ridiculous that we even have to have a separate sub here because of thicko lefty mods preventing free discussion. it would be much better if all the views could be in one place, and it would also give a more accurate reflection of what the uk is like to non-uk reddit users who may not find r/ukpolitics at all.
only from France, which is no greater than ours. equal nukes prob means equal seats
Perhaps this was always his role - to fight for Britain to stay in the common market in the event of brexit: a Severus Snape to garbage's voldemort lololol
A three option ballot paper with 1st and 2nd preferences to avoid splitting pro Europe votes?
"keep the veto"! Now *that* would have been a slogan.
They promised the ability to vote for boarder control, not that we would get it lol... folks gonna be pissed when they also realise they voted to keep FTPT doh!...
Saying what exactly?
Maybe we need an equivalent for scrutiny of referendum results/s
I think they have a fighting chance of a UKIP Coalition, personally. It's not yet clear
all the more likely for there to be a UKIP coalition if they do. The racist fucktard segment won't drop UKIP until they are "betrayed"
think what an asset it would be to have him negotiating as for us post-brexit as prime minister to a clinton lead US. she fancies the pants off him and will give him anything he wants lol
plot twist: she was a time lord in cat form until he ate her right heart
Please put this comment in the bagging area.
lpt: crowbars are more ergonomic for this task
price worth paying
you'd still get a knighthood and a nobel prize- you betray a strongly intolerant attitude to mental illness in my opinion
depends how long the ones before it are
&gt; I haven't seen him play, but usually a low ranked player has some major problems with their game, such as being a slow mover (but hard hitter), a steady guy (without much power), a style of play that doesn't bode well for high ranks (serve and volley). he used to be too fat. still is tubby for a tennis player, but he is in much better shape now
I don't know. It might be easier for her to negotiate because she hasn't laid her cards on the table previously. and she was *barely* a remainer- she hardly campaigned.
talks complete shit just like me- 10/10 would vote for again :-)
this is funnier than anything in the OP
Tru- not like they could just yoink features from them just because they were old either
Yeah, but what he is saying is that if a dog tried to kill you it would fucking kill you.
It has the electrolytes that plants crave- which is really hot Edit: really? My first gold and top comment for this?! That film was a documentary, clearly. But thanks, I suppose... Edit 2: btw if your pee has electrolytes that means you are diabetic edit 3: ok no it doesn't I'm full of shit
This is actually much more his repertoire than calaf (from which nessun dorma is taken. To hear nessun dorma done right look up Franco Corelli on YouTube.
You should be glad. You are lucky to have kept such sensitivity in this age of cynicism and shallowness..
Check out Franco Corelli if you want the real deal for this aria. Pavarotti's was a great great singer, but actually less well suited to this aria.
It's not actually- but it only really works in culture's where they express themselves in a certain way.
Give Franco Corelli's rendition a try. Nessun dorma is not really pav's rep so maybe you are actually a purist but don't know it yet...
no you wouldn't, don't be such a baby
They are very different singers. I love, love, *love* Mario Del Monaco- he da fuckin' man. But I prefer him as Otello (obviously), Chenier (so unbelievably awesome in this role), Turiddu. Compared to Corelli he is a higher voice who gets extra power and strength through excellent technique and wonderful emotion whereas Corelli has more power and gets his extended top through wonderful technique and emotion/acting and for Calaf I think the latter type of singer just works better. The role is meant for a huge voice with easy power more than a high voice that can generate power. You have to listen to how they sing non piangere liu, and also Corelli's riddle scene with Niillson as Turandot just can't be bettered. Manrico is another role where I think Corelli's grand voice favours him over Del Monaco. However, I think that not having such easy power is an advantage for Del Monaco in roles like Otello. I think a reason that Corelli did not sing this role was that he would not have been able to compete with the interpretation of Del Monaco because Corelli didn't need to be "unhinged" or particularly shout to sing the outbursts. But they *shouldn't* be easy because Otello is meant to be going fucking mental and it sounds wrong if they are easy like that. He would have had trouble with this, I think. Another example of this is Bastianini as Iago. I love love love Bastianini, but as Iago he can't generate any electricity because the power is too easy for him and he sounds too noble. He is the bomb as Don Carlo in Forza del Destino, though because that role really *really* benefits from the way he can sing all the really powerful passages whilst still sounding like a nobleman. Enrico Ashton, too. Anyway. Please at least give Corelli a chance singing "Ah, si ben mio" (from Trovatore)- it's just out of this world.... and for god's sake don't judge him by his Rodolfo which he shouldn't have done in my opinion.
yeah, it's a matter of taste- I'm not disputing that JDF is a really super singer. He is the type of singer that would usually have and would usually now sing fille du regiment. what made Pav's exciting though was that he wasn't that type of singer so the C's were a bigger deal. Personally, I can only get *so* excited over a leggiero tenor/ tenore di grazia, I'm afraid, *even* when they are as excellent as JDF.
it's impossible to do now, and I would *certainly* not do anything unilaterally, but I do think that corporal punishment with good oversight and controls, could be good for some students. Some boys I think would find it easier and simpler to endless "talking" about whatever sanctimonious garbage they don't give a shit about is next. however, andI stress this, there would have to be a *lot* of oversight and paperwork. not some unaccountable free-for-all horrorshow.
in the uk, though, classroom music curriculum is so poor I think it would be better if it just went to the french system.
I like Jussi Bjorling's nessun dorma too, but it is just as wrong for him as it was for Pav lol
I read "thinking" intead of hiking for a moment lol
Hairy butt metal detecting
my boomerang won't come back pls advises
what do you do instead?
what- even over Edda Moser?
yup. (though I'm afraid I actually have no clue who those two are lol) I just wish they would occasionally put these older videos on terrestrial TV so people could hear the good stuff without knowing to seek it out. what is occasionally broadcast these days is almost always such upsettingly bad shite. it's so sad.
nope. conductor sets the whole dynamic. it's not what he's *doing* that's necessarily so special, it's what he's *feeling* that he can then share. A good conductor can put a whole world into the same gestures another conductor can't put anything worthwhile into. and then, they also need to be pretty on the ball to know exactly where to bring people in, follow/accompany/support/lead soloists as appropriate, keep the attention and respect of a large group of people under performance stress, knowing Italian/French/German/Russian/Czech/whatever language it is in to conduct opera (to do it well that is- lots of assholes wing it)
get her listening to some Mario Lanza and Kathryn Grayson. If you want to hear what a young girl with a well developed unforced technique can sound like check this video of Beverly Sills https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAz2HgSZaDs Beverly Sills went on to have a big career as a real opera singer. it's a different thing from the "popera" stars who get exploited as children and encouraged to make a somewhat fake sound which doesn't lead anywhere and then get dumped when they aren't cute little girls any more- it's like one of those sick texas beauty pageants. so please don't do that to her, especially if she has talent... :-) If she really wants to sing opera she should learn the languages (Italian/German/French) properly and take some piano lessons at this point. Singing needs to be done within a context of developing a real musicianship and feeling. pretty much all the decisions made in the modern opera world are stupid and unfair and made by tone-deaf morons so it's a good idea to have other options in case it doesn't work out. nothing good comes from pursuing it in a desperate way. Anyhow, best of luck- hope she has a happy time discovering her voice at least :-)
&gt; Republicans actively fight education. Actually Democrats are perfectly capable of introducing some pretty vacuous bullshit of their own. edit: yeah that's right vacuous- like downvoting a comment you don't like to shut down debate without leaving a comment.
nah- don't think so. Trump got all the angry voters already
If you want to get this sweet wide-screen TV, vote NO (and abolish all welfare) tomorrow..
sorry but it is a lot more than that. it is a problem with professors and the academic establishment having an agenda other than what it is supposed to. To get research funding you have to be in with the left-wing clique. I wasn't disputing that the republicans do some shitty things to schools, I am just adding that the democrats do some shitty things in education as well. I dare say I would be a democract voter if I was american but honestly both sides are dire.
er... that's a doggo, not the eiffel tower
In Africa they use elephants to guard the alpacas guarding the chickens.
Hmm, I guess it would have to come with some very good ones of its own. Also if they were making a bespoke os perhaps they could base it off UNIX and have it close enough to osX that it would be easy to convert that mac version of the plugin. Yaknow, if it was protools that did it first I think the plugins would get made.
So what didja dil*do* about it, son?
the real joke is in the comments
he's actually quite famous these days- there's even a [cheesy recruitment video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) they made with him
now *I'm* upset
you can say "I've never smoked a cigarette in my life"
No. Leave tarantino alone and he will waste all your money on an annoying vanity project like hateful 8 instead of making a proper tarantino movie
err, does it have, like, dicks in it?
it's gonna be your top comment soon, boy
Oh fuck off Donald don't make me puke. He probably means it in the special Olympics sense anyway the small-handed goat-jiggler. Edit: wow - had no idea trump was so popular on r/ukpolitics
2/10 hate. I want my money back
That's balls lol
That really is wtf
Haha! Fucked with your heads...
MEET ME SOMEWHERE!!!
What a fucking mean dickhead
Lame
1st serve: Nadal 2nd serve: Murray Volley: pre-Becker Djokovic Drop shot: Djokovic Forehand: pre-Lendl Murray Backhand: Federer pass: any don' care lob: Djokovic service return: current Federer overhead: Djokosmash!!! court clothes: gold style Fed-bling lol hair: Agassi wig
hope you enjoyed
I'm not "writing him off". The fact is his *stated policies* are to trash environmental regulation and increase production and use of coal. Unless he does a u-turn on these issues the fossil fuel companies have already won. I have an open mind on areas where he has not been explicit, or has been ambiguous about what he will do- but this is not one of those. What the hell is your point? If you support Trump you should be arguing that it will be a *good thing* to abandon the environmental regulation and previous policies, not that it's not going to happen.
because he doesn't want you to ask to be introduced to all his "work buddies"
Literally nothing happened in this story to back up your first line
the letter p isn't. others it depends. the h on the beginning of the word effects whether it is separated or allides with the word before. in "des haricots" the s of des is silent but in "des apricots" it is pronounced, for example. at the end of the words it is only s's which get pronounced at allisions unless you are speaking in a *super* elevated style in which case t's might be very lightly also.
non. Secrètement, je ne pense qu'a baiser ton cu. Que francais est ma langue preferee: c'est aucune secret beach.
&gt; that looks like a nightmare for a non native speaker. and also not really worth the effort...
ta mere mange ma bitte chaque jour, conard. Je ne cherche pas des accents sur mon ordinateur anglophonique pour ton cul odorifique.
When you say son bras it could be his or her arm because son is just going with the gender of bras. Equiv in Italian is suo braccio
Prego lol
I don't think you should allide there. Maybe in some slang you do I don't know.
Depends what the unicorn ate
2spookee!!!
Learning the genders in French is their equivalent of learning spelling in English or learning correct grammar in German. Each of these receive extra time in the respective cointries' school systems
I don't know Spanish so can't comment on that. But certainly it is a fact that the direct equivalent words to his and her in French or Italian cannot express whether it is his or hers (or, indeed). Obviously there are other ways to spell it out but I still think it is silly- who cares what gender an inanimate obeject is when you could tell me whether it belongs to a man or a woman.
From that very site: &gt;onclusion Reform of the chiropractic profession is long overdue. We need to make dramatic changes in the profession if we are to advance ourselves in the direction of becoming a credible, respected and widely utilized profession. Many mistakes were made in the past that prevented us from making this advancement. However, it is not too late to correct these mistakes. There is an example of a profession that, in the same 110+ years that the chiropractic profession has existed, has achieved the kind of mainstream acceptance that we have failed to achieve. We suggest that we examine how we may benefit from the experience of this other non-allopathic profession. The podiatric medical profession succeeded in establishing itself as a mainstream profession because of certain specific actions it took, and certain actions it did not take. We see a tremendous opportunity for chiropractic medicine to become what it can and should be: a profession of non-surgical spine specialists who not only offer one useful modality of treatment for spinal pain (manipulation), but offer something much greater and more important – expertise in the diagnosis and management of spinal pain patients. This includes understanding the vast mechanisms of spinal pain as well as diagnosis, treatment and coordination of the treatment of other members of the healthcare team. It also means mastering a variety of non-surgical methods other than just manipulation that are useful in the management of patients with spinal pain. But, most importantly, it means becoming experts in patient management, i.e., helping patients overcome spinal pain, whether that means providing adjustments, exercise, short-term medication use and/or education regarding the issues related to LBP provided in a cognitive-behavioral context. Currently, there is no profession that adequately fills that role, although as we noted earlier, the physical therapy profession is moving quickly in this direction. The opportunity is there for us to correct our mistakes, but we must act now. The only question is whether the chiropractic profession has the integrity, vision and self reflection required to make the necessary changes. Time will tell. Why are you so desperate for every chiropractor to be literally the devil?
&gt; wish Oh right. I thought for a moment they are the waitress. Thank you for a suspenseful sentence
&gt;If I ever use it myself, I'll be sure to credit you. *liar!*
I for one have had enough of these people pretentiously thinking with their brain- I say we should just hang 'em all, guilty or not!
she's not a fascist herself, it's her party that're fascists lol
thanks for saving me time
yup
i thort u werr ded?
kids that would die in a collapsed snow hole with a disco ball who just happened to be smoking dope
&gt;is a trend FTFY
Stop trolling, fool.
Seriously I returned a brand-new macbook last year because it was slow as shit and couldn't reliably come back out of standby. It was the one that still had a DVD writer built in and I think they had fucked it by updating without giving a shit whether it still actually worked. I had been looking forward to getting a Mac for my laptop for years but it had so many stupid software problems that I was very disappointed. Eg the native browser wouldn't show the (electronic) page numbers on a PDF. Sorry apple if you think they spoil the look but *I need to know which fucking pages to order to the printer*
They shoulda fixed it before giving it to be reviewed then...
But he *likes* apple...
Jobs died and no-one shouted at them *before* product release any more...
&gt; Companies exist with 1 goal and 1 goal only: making money. not when steve jobs was in charge
No, he did it out of vanity. But money was not his no 1 priority- he wanted to make stuff he liked whether it made money or no.
Ty for interesting comment, but there was no such thing as Nazism in WWI . Did you typo? Sorry
No that would be porter- don't tell them stuff that's wrong just because sky-cap man is funny and sweet
May actually be less boring for the Tigers than sitting in a zoo with nothing to do
Gah, it was probably Brookes, lol
Think about it- we're sldesigned to filter out the myriad rustles of leaves just to hear the ones which are made by a predator moving. Physical stuff. All the interference in analogue has a direct physical cause of some kind that your brain can disregard easily. Whereas the imperfections in a digital signal are abstract- related to the coding used and not something are brains are able to recognise. So we hear a slightly less "real" sound which is apparently perfectly delivered as opposed to a very real sound with a bit of extra stuff on an analogue method. There is a direct physical link between the vibrations in the studio and the vibrations of your ear drums.
I don't buy new vinyl so I wouldn't know. Even so, I would suggest that the professional CD player they use to record the vinyl from may sound better than most people's ones at home, resulting in a "realer" sound. Of course this will depend on how they did it. I am not saying all vinyls have this effect, just that the potential is there within the format- it does apply to many many predigitalrecording made records.
don't be silly. so silly
well she would lol
previous poster wrote "You don't want to gamble with your money, its why you tend not to invest in war torn/unstable countries." That is countries like the Congo, for war because everything gets burnt and looted- Russia because it's so corrupt you don't know what will happen to your money, Greece because because you don't know if they'll be "haircuts" or if an extreme party might start confiscating foreign investments, Turkey because Erdogan might cut ties with the west and confiscate for the state etc etc etc leaving the EU is not the sort of "instability" the poster was talking about. worst case scenarios were never apocalyptic. Even David Cameron was on the record as saying we could do alright outside the EU, he just thought we were better off in. Nobody thinks that Corbyn is likely to be elected because he is polling extremely poorly, thank goodness. But he could probably create a scenario that would make the UK somewhere you couldn't invest if he put his Chavista mind to it. That's the only immediate threat to our fundamental stability at the moment, but hopefully it will remain a remote one. I voted Remain, by the way, but I wasn't surprised that Leave won.
Gah. Both sides were arguing that their way was better for business. An unstable country is one where there might be a violent coup tomorrow- not one where a democratic vote produced a result you don't happen to like.
should change it to "can we do it again but I get to chain you up this time"
keep them in a big box
but not a risk that the supermarket shelves will be empty, a dictator will get into power, that there will be a civil war, that infrastructure will be damaged cutting off basic utilities etc etc etc please get some perspective man
it could have redeemed him tho, lol
http://islingtonnow.co.uk/2013/03/07/islington-mp-jeremy-corbyn-pays-tribute-to-hugo-chavez/ if he approves then why wouldn't he want to do likewise?
No. Read what you wrote and what I wrote and try again.
On water you can get swans to back off by splashing them with a paddle. They don't like it...
OK, here's my true story: also not long after Ace Ventura came out, my wife and I veered off the road during a thunderstorm and popped our tyre on the curb. Out of nowhere a stranger pulled up and insisted on changing our tyre in the rain while we stayed warm and dry in the car.
more like a genocidal German expansion project
Lock them up! Lock them up!Lock them up!Lock them up!Lock them up!Lock them up!
yeah, but you're just some bitter cynical angry guy. most people love it :-)
Fuck off you pathetic colonial imp
who- Ed or Corbyn?
So why
Sounds like you should have some therapy for that...
LOL at your last comment. I wonder if she will reply...
There's definitely a film in this: minority report, but with club sandwiches
nah- bull. if any man could win why did all the republican candidates fail?
Oh well that's all right then.
Damned socialists raising my premiums! Who the hell let them infiltrate into private goddamned companies? Why can't I get insurance that doesn't pay out to all those damned leachin' sick people?!
&lt;GOD&gt; has made a new post "[corpseflower emoji] see more by clicking on the link and going to facebook even though we could just fucking tell you here in this e-mail like we used to
no it was better before- change it back
I don't like the marks, I preferred it without
teenage mutant nigerian turtles? it should be cowab*un*ga
Ok, what now?
Catching up with the rest of our culture and media. Actually, though, he comes across more like an infomercial trying to persuade people dementia to buy a cruise they can't actually afford or something
what is that? I use chrome
the brick's keep breaking. and your diagram doesn't help- I want to *speak* Trumpese as promised- I understood it already anyway. I want to have words as good as President Trump.
next step will be a phone so thin that it actually has a cutting edge on all sides
yeah but that would be normal political deal-making
honestly- yes it's bad but if you keep going on about it now it will have lost all impact later. you just annoy people by repeating yourself
In literally any real world non-totalitarian system there will be compromises and horse trading
no. apple is going to get on board the explosion train with their next phone- they always add samsung's features in the end.
he's gone- you'll have to follow me instead
&gt; We can put in a scene or two after Obi Wan finishes riding this giant iguana." LOl
one grandparent might have had a sex change
&gt; their culture under the Nazis was morally bankrupt and they should be ashamed as a people well it was, and they shouldn't exactly be proud of it. would you prefer that they just didn't acknowledge it like Japan?!
Still strengthened Corbyn that labour won the mayoral elections under his "leadership"
I spend it on a pack of doritos
hallucinations are a thing that happens
"It has the electrolytes that plants crave- which is really hot" think we're getting to a point where this could be a goer... but I prefer my second top: "The SoundCloud app is such a piece of shit. Goes straight into some bullshit dance music after one pkay of the whale sound and then keeps playing after I quit the app edit: so many people feeling the same hate. YESSSSS!!!! FUCK SOUNDCLOUD!!!! FUCK THEM TO DEATH!!!!!!! edit ii: YES!!! TOP COMMENT!!! DIE SOUNDCLOUD DIE!!!!!" then again my third top is the only one with serious policy proposal. toilets aren't discussed enough
this is the top of r/all and I have literally no idea what is going on
wha?
ma...
explain.
FAITA!
I asked for *juicy*, not milky. Pathetic.
there's pens in them thur hillz!!!
i like cartridges- it easier
Though, ironically the comparison photos *were* complete bullshit. The clock in the trump one shows it is much later on and the crowd in CNN's "gigapixel" photo from during the speech is much bigger. Was quite surprised to find out the press were *that* far in the wrong
Sounds foreign to me- I don't like it
2bush4me
I've had incredibly rude service outside of paris. but I don't begrudge it. My initial comment was probably missing a "sometimes"
Take it back! JC can do no wrong!!!
I suppose he will just have to rebel against his own whip, in order to maintain unity and show solidarity.
if he went too far back he wouldn't be in the *sequels* would he...
"Djokovic and Nasal" suck -anonoymous troll
Oh, sorry- some of the message was cut off- it was meant to read "you're subjective viewpoint is no different from his"
not correct- you might die of something else before your body rejects the transplanted organ
so you want to spend the whole of eternity in prison. well done
only a sith speaks in absolutes
that's not the same at all
Lol you had to use a throwaway to praise trump... Edit: lol I got downvoted for no reason. It *is* praise to say that he is doing what he does with intention and intelligence, whether you like what he does or not or not. I was commenting thon the climate that requires the guy to use a throwaway to say that, not saying trump was good or bad. My point is proved by the downvoted to this post. I do personally think he is in actual fact bad, but I thought he would win and won money on it. So I suppose you'd all better downvoted me now, so that you can protect others from my disturbing opinion.
Well what else can you call it if that term is banned? How would we point out this particular cultural problem?
too broad. this only happens in certain communities whereas domestic violence happens everywhere.
it's a shit point. you would have to call it Islamic murder, or Islamic domestic violence, in the same way as we refer to Islamic terrorism. otherwise how do we know it is not a gang murder, or a murder by a serial killer, or a crime of passion murder, or a satanic ritual murder or one of the many varied other types of murder that we distinguish between?
yes, but in the UK the problem is primarily within Islamic communities
Speaking as a cock-owner I dislike the implication that being a cocksucker devalues your statements. Please do not discourage those who might feel inclined to suck cocks from doing so by blaming your failings on an entirely unrelated practise.
It tru. Teh gruaidan lie never
It can go either way
Wtf I hate satire now
Oh fuck off it's a completely normal turn of phrase hate her or not
Hardly. There would be more debate if both sides would leave their safe spaces
Zooba! Zooba, zooba! Covfefe...
I thought she was a crap crap speaker from her first PMQs. However, I do not believe that the answer to our countries problems is to go back to a 1940's level of spending and abandon all of the reforms that got us out of being the "sick man of Europe". I also don't believe that Jeremy "I'm no dictator" Corbyn would not find a way to change his party's policy to nuclear disarmament if he became PM. He said it was based on a conference vote. He could easily win a conference vote at a different time. I could be persuaded that we need a higher level of public spending along the lines of, say, what the lib dems a proposing. But no, we don't need to massively increase the size of the state at vast expense and write blank cheques to every union that ask for them.
come on guys there's no serious tag so let's give some proper advice! tip one: before you do it go into the bathroom and fart as *hard* and *long* as you possibly can so that you have no fart left during sex. don't worry if she hears it- this is what most men do so unless it's her first time too she'll just be impressed that you know what you are doing- the louder the better
go lefter
I've redistributed my grandparents to Corbyn- how many banners have *you* sewn?
bullshit. just imagine trump's voice saying "*socialism*" over and over and saying "this guy's gonna kill our business, I know, believe me, it's a terrible thing- we have to stop him and his very bad *socialism*" "everyone's saying he's a commie, I don't know, but why would they be saying that?..." etc etc etc trump would have won no question. Americans too dum sorry
isn't he already mayor of London? *joke* sorry pls don't hurt me other point: it wasn't boris that did the knifing
he is on the record saying he wants to abolish thatcher's union reforms for example.
it's going real far fam- like *extremely* far if yaknow what I'm saying
pah! a Frenchman! jolly well jog on
would you two please stop arguing on my damn lawn!!!??!!
you think that's bad? wait until you try sand - it's coarse, rough and irritating- and it gets everywhere
then you are truly lost!
yes but you definitely needed both against gilbert lol
I like to eat, honey
Just to point out a blairite leader would be beating may by a landslide
I'm sure they wanted a bit more time for killing people first. They are not worth the cost of incarceration
Not worth millions. Plus you do that hear of this sort of stuff from the Islamic fundies
Yes of course there is no debate about this and it is that simple /s But please go ahead and insult tories- it'll remind them who they should be voting for
You people are sick
They have a position- their actions are valid from that position. If they don't represent that position then the BNP will be able to take it over and pivot to repatriation
&gt;easier said than done. like anything else worth doing. &gt;removing any enjoyment and stimulation from your life not what I'm suggesting at all. is having an absolutely massive state of the art tv really necessary to avoid this situation? If you are in dire financial straits can you really afford to chain-smoke? plenty of people not on benefits economise to keep their books balanced and live happily enough with a smaller tv and not smoking as much as they would like.
I never played this game or heard of Jagex before now but I want to jump on this hate-train. He sounds just as bad as the r/history mods.
maybe it would be an idea to learn from the approach of christians to the appalling violence against homosexuals committed by african christians. There is no obsession with saying "they are not christians" because it's really not the point. Just be clear their actions are abhorred and not supported and then it's not a story. expressing shame for what bad people have done in the name of one's own religion is not the same as saying you share their guilt or saying that the religion is the problem. Why argue over who is and isn't a muslim? only allah can say definitively, surely?
shh. the communal dick is a secret
seriously? they were wearing fake suicide vests for goodness sake!
I, er, thought they *were* m&amp;M's anyway. haven't seen it recently- just going from my childhood memory
Woof!
But even you have a problem with the fundamentalists now, I have read
&gt; you attack me because i haven't stayed up every night learning how to lick the boots of the rich well enough to displace someone else and shove them down to where i am if that's how you see work good luck to you. you sure make a lot of assumptions. fortunately most people do not agree with you. good luck in prison &gt;why trust something organised by the people as an effective means of organisation for the nation with various controls, safeguards and remits established in public debate with the aim of creating a good system over just letting a bunch of greedy assholes who don't even live here make as much money as possible without any consequences? fuck sake mate. seriously? because nobody on the left is corrupt or acts in their own interest
like they have a choice? are you *sure* everyone is as moderate as you say if this is the "culture"?
I thought you said you were all brought up atheists and agnostics and that your king fucked th extremists shit up? this doesn't sound like it :-(
wtf all these people pulling their trousers down?! Jesus you can breath through your nose people!
oh man- so racist he supported civil rights just to fuck over black people - holy shit!
yah whatever- so ya gonna hire thousands more officers and tell them not to shoot anyone then jezza?
&gt; It's what we do with any normal criminal. Help him get into normal society where he finds a purpose. I don't think we really *do* do this with normal criminals, nice as it would be. How can we do anything when there are large areas up north where Mirpuri muslims, apparently for cultural reasons, absolutely will not engage with educational achievement and mostly will not do the things needed to be successful in normal society. very high rates of living on benefits and so on. lots of time on their hands. can we really stop this? I mean the horse doesn't seem to want to drink the water that is *already* available to it in this case- how is bringing more going to help?
in the UK there are jobs
or labour could seem in with a chance like they did under kinnock for many years, scargillising the tories into massive cuts, before finally returning to blairism to win having wasted a decade or two. at this stage we can't know
come on, ids was the candidate for a while since Hague. she's prob no worse than him
they more likely to hurt labour imo
bullshit but I upvoted
I hope they didnt put him on leave for that. sounds like a real solid grossing out of kids for money
tell the truth man! if you're paying up then why lie?
just put in the breasts so everyone would believe your perfectly plausible story which is nevertheless bullshit, right?
so France wanted it.... is what I'm saying
plot twist: they murdered the host and had an orgy to stop you investigating
than Corbyn? IMO yes
god knows
no thanks
Muzzard sick az a parrot
wat's a thot?
hi, I get off on this, can you continue pls?
I thought it was a big ol' thit
2/10
way to lose even more votes may! I mean, come on, there are so many other ways you could put it- why choose this one?
lol told see your whole life dad? you know that thing that you have done since you were just a boy and mastered to the highest possible levels except for your second serve? fuck your life - into the bin- it is of no value, the end.
yaknow, I've read all these sensible answers relating harrowing experiences, noble reasons and all but personally I quit primary because a) I just can't stand working with the little shits they do my fuckin' head in, and b) most of the staff do my head in much worse than the kids- i mean, jesus, where do they fucking find these people?!?!?? secondary still ok tho lol
can't lie on the internet, man... (tbf it's got a lot better recently- andy, if you're reading this pls don't be mad...)
smelling one's own arse is more integral to the dog-life experience
but not as constant. dogs can *always* smell their own arse. licking balls cannot be combined with other activities
*THERE ARE NEVER ENOUGH TREATS!!** BARK, BARK!!! BARK, BARK!!!
the two could coincide
I have footache and a bipolar gut which veers between constipation and diarrhoea only instead of shitting normally
100% this - SLAM!!!
do what?
SCRAWWWWW!!!! THE MUDMEN MUST BE DESTROYED!!!!!
he's the Einstein because he knows that humans don't give a shit about bottle caps
fart on them first then they are your property- secret rule- girls *hate* this weird trick!
and in islington children's homes while Corbyn was mp- don't worry he's got it all covered bro edit: lol downvote the inconvenient stuff, yeah?
you should get one at the star for your argument-free posturing
oh fuck you man! upvoted for wtf, wtf? wtf? OH WTF!!!
they already fucking can, man, they just don't be ause they so so rude
1, 2, 3 and 4 were completely predictable, indeed *inevitable* and no excuse whatsoever.
you can't exactly be expected to backup the document you are currently working on while you are working on it dude
can't. need hotkeys that won't work in linux otherwise I would be using it already- I had it previously and like it. Also I don't think that it is that easy if they are not already on the same network as me. But please don't prove me wrong by hacking the fuck out of my computer from this reddit post just to make a point! I don't think there's really anything sensitive on this computer anyway- I do all my e-mail through gmail and I don't save passwords in the browser. my virus-checker *is* up-to-date so I hope that would pick up a keylogger or whatever
meh, but nobody else on my network bruv...
instruction manuals
yup- also switching between three CPU speed modes, one of which hardly uses the fan
yah - I want key combinations, not to use command line for basic functions. I like Ubuntu but actually when you want to do something off base it is not useful. I forgot to mention the three CPU modes before but I'm not prepared to give those up either
career kamikaze!!!
I feel really sorry for him
nah man- you were perfectly clear anyway :-)
no sorry- nothing can be that boring
spelt porridge with butter and grated cheddar. plus maybe an egg
ok, which ones won't it stop then?
I believe that his policies would be ruinous and end up hurting the vulnerable the most.
long term outcomes
I think the debate could be at quite a high level actually. Corbyn doesn't interrupt much so I think farage would also be polite. trouble with farage is he's too tainted as a "bogeyman" fairly or not and he'd have trouble with that at first
oh lol
exhibitionist freakshow friends, book
to be fair the enlightenment was inspired by reading the classics so it is a good way to be able understand our culture more deeply. speaking as someone who did Latin and dropped it at the first opportunity. hated languages at school but would have done latin over French if it had been acceptable alternative for Uni requirements at the time. I don't think it should be compulsory, but why shouldn't state school students have the chance to do Latin?
because making our kids more knowledgable and able to understand our culture from first principles is a waste of money /s I can't believe you are seriously suggesting the curriculum should be guided by teen culture. have you actually met any teenagers? at the very least it is good rigorous braintraining - abolish the phony subjects first then we'll talk
well it was in the 90's.
it *is* what you said. in schools that do it latin is popular. I have already given reasons why it is worthwhile.
stanimouse :-(
huh? huh? huh? oh.
smash no.1564 7/10. Many more to follow #highenergy #ghengiskhanisyouroverlordnow
Fed's generation developed knowing that if they ever wanted to be big they had to somehow beat federer. young'uns can just wait for him to retire
yah- lol guess he didnt fancy getting just a bit less spanked than anyone else would have been this year...
silly- he is going to be to farmers what hunt is to the nhs when they decide to go for a New Zealand style zero subsidy model post Brexit... poisoned chalice
stone cold lol
so does agent smith. so why neo?
helicopter it
it's better for the good ones to expand than the shit ones to swallow more money. this isn't like hospitals where it needs to be local
it started in response to the impunity of mirpuri rape gangs. if you watch the paxman interview knowing what we know now it seems very different
where's Elon musk with a solution when you need him?
nonono man- I mean Corbyn himself was very different before the campaign was called. I honestly think they were trying to lure an early election with a fast campaign they could run away with. couldn't have done it without the labour infighting
What original comment?
*continuous expansion of the public sector regardless of demand!!!* hail Corbyn!!!
for the many, not for the few
I think a really gratuitously violent murder wud be funny
and the hair
japs are pro man
because she'll still be able to do that when she is too old for singles
because they rebuilt theirs to fit them
ham'n'pineapple, yo
so basically what they are saying with their call is "pls to help, I am not good with legs and beetle body"
well look at mr fancy pants here with his fancy whip! I used to get hit wit' hammer because whip were t'costly and they ne'er paid me nowt for it as it waa work experience
The fact we are even talking about them *is* pretty much that caveat
if you decide to try kevlar be sure to use a zyex monofilament cross rather than synthetic gut.
how can man get prighrnant?
silly idea he is too remainy. Michael Howard maybe would work
they only live for a short time anyway so being caught isn't massively reducing their lifespan
well if they're so smart they must be pretty bored being octopi anyway
top gear
sandwich had nuthin' to do with it m8
LOLOLOL life lessons here...
Oh man, don't argue with Johnny Mac-he knows everything!
at least include the fdbf
is it because he too is bitterly disappointed?
lol at downvotes- clearly some people can't stand your courtesy!
are you the best coach in the world?
my point is that coaching is a team effort. now if you were asking about a magician to improve one thing- you know actually I don't know if I'd want that as I enjoy the journey...
absolute arseholes considering there is nothing to stop them leaving them up but taking all the revenue- basically profiting from free editing by volunteers
or are just stupid
man's a fool but why should we care if he wants to abuse a drug which *isnt* a PED? personally I think it is ridiculous to ban for a vice.
I don't even have netflix but upvoted because tech companies always make their products worse over time and it's annoying
lol that's a good one Andrea... (I haven't read the article)
if we're doing maths you have to also consider the dropout rate, and the proportion who go part time or start to only do agency/private work.
like I say, he's a fool. but honestly I don't really give a shit how intelligent the players are as long as they're not doping. I want to watch the best players who aren't cheating. that includes this absolute dipshit, unfortunately...
no don't be silly. you can't expect a politician to work to deliver a policy that they have argued strongly against on the record. of course he had to resign. unlike miliband he at least acted as a caretaker while his replacement was found.
May was by far the weakest remainer apart from Corbyn. by no means did she argue "strongly" - she was a waverer and wanted to stay in favour with Cameron. worked that way for Gordon brown, john major, Michael Howard, William Hague, Neil kinnock when he lost the second time.
wouldn't have happened because remain didnt want to talk about things like charging strategy to use the veto more etc. plus leave would have just proposed a utopia where the EU give in on everything because they have to etc
I've never understood people going on holiday there. it's just a pile of money in the middle of the desert where many kinds of fun are banned- what's the attraction?!?
May hardly featured in the remain campaign. she made a few statements but hid most of the time. Cameron was at the front of the remain campaign- what are you on about?
are any of those members of the royal family? thought not.
was it Donald Trump? "*never happened*"
so those first ones were under labour then?
this is pathetic Punch and Judy politics. it's a massive collective failure on both sides of the house that allowed this catastrophe to happen. it is absolutely sick to try to make one party to blame
I'm a come git you
wtf has that got to do with anything?!
I am talking about blaming the grenfells disaster on the Tories. what are you taking about?
average walking speed is 5mph. brisk walk is faster than that. it's not *so* terrible. are they going to give him a gym membership now, or is the plan that he turns into another typical american fatass?
if he gets through then all the match practise could be an advantage
oh come on, don't stop it there- did potro win the next point or what?
wasnt that three setters apart from the final?
not as big a slog as Wimbledon then... I'd love it to happen but not expecting it to
he honestly could say "I don't remember what I said" most likely
because there are too many awfully common people on reddit...
not true. apple went to shit almost immediately after his departure
and create a garden that you don't have to rake every fuckin day- about fuckin time they did IMO
hm. they err on the side of Tory-bashing, though. not many articles taking the piss out of remainers for their *views*...
easy to say that when you take multiple positions on most issues
when contradictory policies are proposed in different constituencies simultaneously based on what is popular locally?
the other parties took up the ground vacated by blair's successors. if labour moved to the right then they could probably win. bullshit that Blair lost youth vote due to right left stuff. purely for Iraq, nothing else
