Is shisha a flavoured tobacco product? Yes? Then it's part of the ban.
plus months of smoking old, stale tobacco. YUM!
I'm sad. I used to really enjoy Colts Mild, Wine &amp; Rum. Before having kids, I enjoyed them occasionally at backyard BBQs with friends. Since I had kids, I stopped all together. I looked forward to kicking them out of the house at 18, and enjoying them again. Sadly, no more. I guess I will have the option to drive down to the U.S. and pick some up there.
Actually, the wording of the poll lead to an extremely biased response. So, yes, the poll is wrong. &gt; Toronto City Council is debating the future of the Gardiner east of Jarvis; two options are receiving the most consideration. One plan is to remove the Gardiner east of Jarvis and replace it with a boulevard. Supporters say this is the cheapest option and allows for better development of Toronto’s waterfront. Critics say tearing down the Gardiner will add to commuting times. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to remove the Gardiner? Notice the biased language? "Supporters" vs "Critics". "Remove" vs "tearing". "Approve" vs "Disapprove". "Better development" vs "add to commuting times". If you were to flip around the language, you would probably get a very different result. &gt; One plan is to leave the Gardiner up and rejuvenate it. Supporters say this is the best option to keep traffic flowing. Critics say tearing it down and replacing it with a more congested boulevard might improve the waterfront. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to rejuvenate the Gardiner?
How much will it cost to move? Maybe instead of looking for a charitable moving company, you could accept donations to pay for it to be moved.
At that point, I think it would be easier just to make a monthly run to the U.S. or a native reserve.
Smoking rates are always going down, with the ever increasing prices and restrictions. Absolutely the underage smoking rates will drop.
I was never a smoker. I just enjoyed a smoke with friends. I didn't take smoke breaks at work. I didn't smoke in my idle time. Maybe once a month while drinking I would have a smoke.
Gather your documentation and head down to your local government office. They did the same thing to me years ago. They want to see evidence of your current address.
I have home delivery, and the majority of the time, it's junk mail. I like the idea of a secure central mailbox for things like cheques and small parcels I still receive occasionally.
There seems to be lots of money to build prison facilities to house and care for non-violent criminals, but barely anything is available to house and care for adults who genuinely need help. Very sad.
There's a difference between an alcoholic and someone who has a couple drinks with friends.
I find the wording of the second question still slightly biased.
Absolutely. Pick any random wealthy neighbourhood. Slap on a fake Canada Post uniform. Walk door to door, picking mail out of the mailbox. A lot less obvious than standing around drilling into a metal box.
I find the wording of the second question to be slightly biased towards removal as well, with mention of the $450mil price tag.
I'm not disagreeing with the $500m price tag. My issue is the downplaying of the traffic impact it will have. Everyone keeps saying "Oh, it will only add a couple of minutes to transit time." Well, that couple of minutes will add up over time. Traffic will be stalled downtown while spewing exhaust.
The first question downplays the additional commuting time, while the second question is very specific about the added cost.
A few months back I needed to catch 7am train from Union, and I don't live downtown. The night before I load Beck's app on my phone, and request a reservation for pickup at 5:30am. I then CALL Beck, and verbally confirm the reservation. Yes, they see my request, and confirm someone will be at my front door by 5:30 am. Next morning....nothing. At 5:31am, I call Beck. Oh, sorry! We missed it! Someone is on their way. They didn't show up until 5:45am. The taxi industry can suck it.
They are protesting next Sunday down at Queens Park. I'll be there to counter-protest.
&gt; "Since the 1950s, Canadians have had a very high awareness of the health risks of smoking. That awareness has been reinforced by the health warnings printed on every legal cigarette package for more than 40 years." Exactly! You know who is to blame for the majority of smokers today? Parents. Parents who smoke, and parents who don't crack down on their kids who do smoke.
Just remember people. Non-straight people fighting for their rights are just trying to push a gay agenda!
Why are you supporting Shomi?
Good on the bus driver. Teach the kid a lesson.
Yup, she's fat. Hardly the appropriate person for the position of Health minister.
Epilepsy is a genetic disease, which people have zero control over. Being fat is NOT a genetic disease. It's a lifestyle, lack of control, bad judgment/decision disease. I wouldn't want someone who has filed multiple bankruptcies to be finance minister either.
It's scary how many people don't understand this. Some people honestly think they will gain weight no matter how little they eat.
Your name is NOT ThusShatZarathustra, so you don't exist.
&gt; We have no idea why she is overweight. Yes we do. She consumes more calories than her body burns, leading to excess food energy being stored as body fat. Science! &gt; And for those who says overweight people cant be health minister, right from the article "Since when has appearance had anything to do with legitimacy in terms of your intelligence and ability to be a legislator?" It isn't about appearance. It's about her ability to make important decisions on health related issues, which she obviously has problems doing in her own life.
This is a myth. It's a very prevalent myth. People have that assumption which is completely unfounded. Unfortunately trying to dispel the myth is almost impossible.
Lots of empty Target buildings!
"Toronto" could really mean anywhere in the GTA.
Her ability to understand and make decisions on health issues is relevant. I would have the same doubts about a Minister of Finance who has gone through multiple bankruptcies or failed business ventures. I would have the same doubts with a Minister of Education who flunked out of school.
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
Oh, how I wish that were true... http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/creationism-and-stockwell-day/article771010/
Are all these services over cable? Have you looked at DSL options over Bell lines?
I've read a lot of horror stories about service over Roger's cable which is why I stick with DSL over Bell's lines. Never had an issue.
You are correct in that the people responsible for the procurement and RFPs are misinformed, and unfortunately you often have zero choice but to live with their ignorance.
Show me any laws that firmly require data residency within Canada.
It's a lot more expensive than a bag of regular sand.
Can you be specific about what accessibility regulations?
We just came back from a great camping trip at Killarney, and have another two camping trips planned this summer for Bon Echo and Presqu'ile. I did think of a single night somewhere if they have a decent lake for fishing.
Sometimes the item will be scanned at the depot to get loaded onto a truck for delivery, but then be left at the depot accidentally. Most likely you'll see it tomorrow.
Holy hipster workout Batman! "Think of it as a customized workout for your body in a very rugged and raw atmosphere." Translation: We can't afford change rooms and fitness equipment.
Bad sushi is overrated. Most of the sushi in this city is overrated generic crap. Very few quality establishments.
Most beer stores I've been to are messy disasters. Yours sounds on par with what I've seen.
Yes, based on your situation, 3 year contract started March 2013, you can cancel today without penalty. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/wireless-carriers-lose-legal-challenge-of-new-wireless-code/article24501657/
Duh! Because they weren't losing when the game began! As soon as they realized they were losing to a team with GIRLS, suddenly ISLAM!!!
https://i.imgur.com/hjQfniD.jpg
&gt; not more monuments to fossil fuel that will hopefully be obsolete in my lifetime Not a chance. Gasoline and oil is just too useful. As long as there is oil in the ground, we will be using it.
So.....the girl is 24 years old, working part time at a library, and holding out for a full time job? WTF? Get off your ass, upgrade your education, hit the pavement, call people, network with people, spit out resumes. There are jobs out there for people who aren't lazy.
Unfortunately some manager probably made the decision because the licence would have been too expensive, and hurt his profit margin.
That boulevard is going to be bumper to bumper grid lock. All the pretty pictures of a serene, beautiful, tree lined boulevard are missing all the cars that will plug up the streets.
Of course not when the city has very few bylaw enforcement officers.
One of Toronto's most interesting food neighbourhoods? Really? Sure, if you want a bunch of pub food. There is one Indian food restaurant, and that's it for ethnic foods. Everything else is the same generic crap you can find anywhere in the city.
Yes, I live in the area. I often have to travel out of the area for decent ethnic food.
Oh, please enlighten me to the diverse food choices in the Junction. Just look at the article - Malta Bake Shop? Vesuvio? YAWN!!! Indie Ale House? 3030? The Hole in the Wall? Fancy pub fare. Article doesn't even mention maybe the one shining light, North of Bombay. I have to travel to Annette &amp; Jane for decent Mexican at Mad Mexican.
It's so they can charge $9 for Mac &amp; Cheese.
Audio is one of the most important parts of a quality video production.
Details are to what you are talking about would be nice.
One of the biggest things for me is kid friendly with lots of tables. Another is unique food. I'm all about that unique experience. Mad Mexican offers some nice entrees that are different than most Mexican places.
The majority of rules come down to interpretation of the religious text. Why can Christians eat pork, and Jews cannot? The Old Testament says you can't, but most Christians only follow the New Testament. Same with Islam. Different people interpret it differently.
Actually, it's not a meaningless term. Ethnic - of or relating to a population subgroup (within a larger or dominant national or cultural group) with a common national or cultural tradition. A lot of cultures all over the world have foods very specific to their culture and traditions.
To show streamed content, a computer needs very little power. Just take a look at the Chromecast. It streams 1080p video content no problem.
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33001425 I don't know if this is what is being referred to, but it was in the news just yesterday. It's really scary is how prominent Christianity still is on native reserves.
Ya, seems very obvious. OP got bumped into the next service bracket.
That's just God punishing you for....something.
Where is the roti shop? The only roti shop I know of in the area is across from the Walmart (not part of The Junction), and it's way overpriced.
What are their prices like?
I would love a McD's drive-thru on the way to work. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with Tims.
Good luck with that. That kind of eviction has to go through the Landlord Tenant Board. The LTB always sides with the tenant when there is any doubt. The landlord would have to have a SOLID case that he is moving into the unit. Most landlords own their own home, so unless he is suddenly selling his home, he doesn't have a chance in front of the LTB.
The transition from Gardiner to DVP is the issue. Right now, it's a steady flow, no stop signs, no traffic lights. Switch to a boulevard changes that. Now there will be traffic lights. Trucks coming from the Gardiner will have to cross opposing traffic to access the DVP. EDIT: Seems I'm a little wrong on my assessment of traffic flow. See the response below.
Ah! I stand corrected. Thanks!
More details would be helpful. What is the tenant doing that is causing anguish?
Black's sold phones? Good grief, that's sad.
&gt; high fructose corn syrup Rolls eyes...there are issues that need to be dealt with. HFCS is not one of them.
There is no scientific evidence that HFCS is any worse than any other sugar. Reduction of ALL sugar intake is what is optimal.
Then it sounds like you have sufficient cause to take the issue to the Tenant Landlord Board. Start the paperwork now. Done correctly, you may be allowed to evict in a few months.
If you really want to go camping https://www.parkbus.ca/
Sometimes a nanny state is required to product people from their own stupidity.
Beggars can't be choosers.
If it's part of the lease agreement. EDIT: It appears that if an appliance is part of the rental unit, regardless of what it ways in the lease agreement, the landlord is responsible to maintain it or replace it.
The CRA and Elections Canada are different entities. You can file your taxes at one address and register to vote at another. It's no big deal.
What a ridiculous situation this all is. The 'tampon tax' issue had NOTHING to do with fairness, and was only a political move.
You are changing the argument. A nanny state is required because people always don't make the best decisions, like not strapping their babies into car seats. Sometimes corporations lie to consumers for the sake of a buck, like when cellular companies charged people a [system access fee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_access_fee) and said it was a government fee. There is no such thing as a completely free market. Regulation is always required. You can call it a nanny state if you like, but it's a reality of life.
Ask the same people if they are okay if they alternate it with 'Allah' in support of the Muslim community.
&gt; Keeping manufacturing local allows us to support the city where we are from &gt; Every bag is handmade using the finest raw materials You can't have both, because you can't get the finest raw materials from Toronto. I generally dislike companies that try to promote fake things like "locally made". It's a global economy people.
&gt; There are historically very good reason the taxi industry is as regulated as it is. The regulations are a mess, and some of them are anti-competition. Artificial limits on the number of taxis on the streets is a prime example of this. Anyone, and I mean ANYONE, should be able to have a taxi license if their car is safe, there is insurance in place to protect the customer, and there is an accurate, accountable, visible means of tracking and billing the customer.
&gt; Later, feeling guilty and avoiding eye-contact as I pass her leaving the store with my purchase. I'll never understand people's inability to stand up for themselves and say "No thank you". Every time someone asks me for a donation or to sign up for a credit card at the checkout, I respond with a polite firm "No thank you". Done! There has never been additional pressure after that. Never a look of disappointment or faux shaming from the cashier. Maybe I've been lucky? If anybody ever did try to shame me for saying no, I have no issues making a scene in the store and shaming them.
&gt; should anyone be allowed to open a hotdog cart? YES! As long as they adhere to health and safety regulations. If there is enough business on the streets to support that many vendors, LET THEM. If the public complains about too many hot dog vendors on the streets, implement a sidewalk licensing fee, and slowly increase it to bring the number of vendors down. But don't artificially say "Only X number of vendors". Let the market decide.
My point is that many people would be offended by the use of the word Allah, yet have zero consideration for those of us that don't want any reference to religion. They think God is okay, but Allah is bad, which doesn't make any sense.
I'll take the downvotes for sure, but I support the banning of face coverings at a citizenship ceremony. The face is such an important part of communication. We trust people more when we can see their face. We understand people more when we can read their facial expressions. There is a lot of history and science behind the distrust of people who cover their face.
&gt; Councillor Pam McConnell, who represents the area, was near tears Wow! Someone needs to grow up.
Just remember, the teacher's job actions are FOR THE STUDENTS!!!
It's not the teacher's job to determine appropriate class sizes. It's their job to teach.
Worst X-Men power ever.
Or the teachers could just enter the grades online like they are supposed to do.
He is a testament to the amount of abuse a human body can take, and still live.
Ya, true.
&gt; But they aren't supposed to. It is not a part of their job description to do data entry. Yes, it is. &gt; They report grades and it is supposed to be other people who enter it into the system No. The teachers enter the grades directly into the system. They are refusing to do part of their job as part of their job action.
This shows the inefficiency of the system. Why do teachers have to plan their lessons? Why doesn't the province have a day-by-day curriculum book for every grade? Grade 2, Day 10 - teach this Grade 3, Day 73 - teach this etc. Include handouts that can be photocopied. Why are there thousands of teachers duplicating each other's work and effort?
People will DIE!
Last time I checked, people don't die and society doesn't crumble if kids can't go to school for a few days.
Regulations are only worthwhile if they are enforced. I've had taxi cabs try to scam me, get lost, have cars that feel like they are about to fall apart, driver falling asleep at the wheel, etc, etc.
3 to 5 minutes? It takes 30 seconds to get from Jarvis to the DVP.
If people like that took my kid in that kind of situation, I would be inclined to purchase a sniper rifle and make sure to eliminate the idiots from existence.
$155/month for a sports package for a commercial establishment? Not a chance! The rep you dealt with screwed up, and you can't hold a company hostage due to an employee screw up. You should have realized that price was nowhere near correct on the initial call, and asked to speak with a supervisor.
I have no problems with this. It ensures the police are actually doing work. Take a look at some of the "guidelines"... * 1 arrest per month * Two impaired driver arrests per year * Two traffic stops per shift * Consideration for charging actual speed for offenders in excess of 40 km/h over posted * Three liquor licence tickets per year * No speeding charges for 10 km/h over * 10 complaint area actions and one high collision intersection, per month It means that cops are not sitting in their cars at Tim Hortons all day WAITING for things to happen. They are being more proactive and visible.
"Rep went to his supervisor" is actually him putting you on hold and talking to the guy in the cubicle next to him, making you think he is working on getting you a better deal. Unless you actually speak with a supervisor or next level manager, it's usually safe to assume they aren't involved in the conversation at all. Realistically, at this point, you have zero recourse.
My encounters echo a lot of other people's encounters. It's one of the reasons services like Uber were created.
There are going to be a lot of empty seats for sure. I went online to look at tickets. Anything worthwhile is already gone, and tickets for preliminaries are way too expensive.
Not to be confused with House of Lancaster. Very different establishment, although often highly recommended.
40 is usually only applicable near a school. Most streets are 50. Dropping to 30 would be a huge shock to most.
What purpose, other than vengeance and retribution, does jail serve in this situation? How is it better than stripping him of his driver's licence for life, a ton of community service hours, and a massive fine that will take decades to pay off via wage garnishment?
I'm sure it will be 10 minutes average, so six buses or streetcars back to back, then an hour wait for the next ones.
I do use the Remember my password option on my home systems. On my phone, there is an option for a PIN # so you don't have to remember a long password.
You can't argue for a local database, and then in your next breath say Dropbox.
&gt; I do not trust their claim that they only store the encrypted database. So then this argument is pointless. What LastPass does is no different then what you are doing with your KeePass + Dropbox.
Not necessary at all. Some accounts have 2-factor authentication.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6iW-8xPw3k
Harsh penalties do not deter crime. If it did, Texas, Singapore, and Saudi Arabia would be crime free.
Fair enough. http://www.sentencingproject.org/doc/deterrence%20briefing%20.pdf &gt; research findings imply that increasingly lengthy prison terms are counterproductive http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; At this point, we think it is fair to say that we know of no reputable criminologist who has looked carefully at the overall body of research literature on “deterrence through sentencing” who believes that crime rates will be reduced, through deterrence, by raising the severity of sentences handed down in criminal courts.
My 4GB iPod mini (yes, I still have one connected to my car stereo) holds about 900 songs. A 64GB iPod touch can hold 14,000+ songs. Average song is 3 minutes. That's 720 hours of music. If you need more storage than that on a portable music device, you need to be more selective of what you are carrying around.
iAgree.
I find the argument rather silly about carrying around that much music. I have a tool shed at home, but can only carry a few select tools in my tool box.
&gt; Password changes are a standard security industry best practice because they are low tech and effective way to limit damage when the eventual breach happens. I would love to see research that actually supports this notion. From what I've read, regular password changes frustrate users into reusing less-secure passwords. Also, there is nothing inherently safer about changing a password before a data breach. If I change my password today, and there is a breach tomorrow, what have I accomplished?
Learn some history. State sanctioned discrimination never leads down a positive path. Discrimination for no legitimate reason causes problems.
It's not a perfect world unfortunately. Women's Only Gyms have been deemed legal (something I strongly disagree with).
I'm sure he got a nice golden parachute.
Here's the bill: http://www.parl.gc.ca/HousePublications/Publication.aspx?doc=C-24&amp;pub=bill&amp;File=4 Please indicate what part supports your argument. EDIT: Downvotes for asking somebody to actually support what they are claiming. Brilliant /r/Canada !
Too often management will set up these rules and never think of the potential public backlash. Maybe someone mentioned it in a meeting, but they were brushed off with the attitude of "Bah! That will never happen. Management smart! Public dumb."
If you think you need transfats to make food tasty, you don't know much about food.
It's really quite sad how inept they are when it comes to ticket sales.
Interesting! Hopgood's Foodliner - never heard of them, but they are just around the corner from me in Roncesvalles. Their prices seem reasonable. Will have to try them. EDIT: I just noticed #8 and #11 are the exact same restaurant. OOPS!
Toronto - because there is lots to do here, and if you can't find anything to do in Toronto, there is a ton of stuff to do in southern Ontario.
Microsoft realizing the Apple way of hardware + software = success?
I have a hard enough time walking around Walmart pushing a shopping cart holding a coffee.
You have just highlighted a definition. That definition says nothing about your friend being stripped of her citizenship and tossed out of the country for blocking a street during a protest.
You need to take off your blinders. Microsoft is starting to catch up. They've had success in the tablet market with the Surface, but that's mainly in the business area. It's not a consumer product like the iPad. Microsoft is still stumbling with their phones. And they don't have anything substantial in terms of media hardware.
A lot of what I've learned about cars is from Youtube videos and my unwillingness to pay high labour costs to a garage. Be aware, if you do wish to undertake your own auto repairs in the future, you will have to make an investment in tools. You can build up your arsenal slowly over the years, but initially it will probably be a few hundred dollar. Changing oil is NOT worth doing yourself. There are places that will do an oil change for under $30, and that includes the filter. If you do it yourself, it will easily cost more than that. But other things you can often do yourself. Changing tires, replacing brakes, replacing spark plugs. I've changed my struts (shocks), water pump, starter motor, muffler, and more! All just by taking my time, reading forum posts, and watching Youtube videos. Changing brakes on an old Saturn? Canadian Tire said $700. I bought my own parts and did it in my driveway for about $150 if I recall correctly.
It is an abomination of food. It actually barely qualifies as food. I don't know who at McDonald's tasted it and said "Hey, this is marketable!".
&gt; He has to go to residency, but he refuses. He won’t take the examinations. Alkhatib wants to leap back into neurosurgery. He’s waited long enough—he’s earned it. Someone thinks he's a special lil snowflake deserving of special treatment.
Shocking! A summer blockbuster rakes in more than a French film in Quebec. Who would have thunk!
$170 to change the oil on a mini? Good grief! My Toyota dealer will do my SUV for $50.
Link doesn't work for me: http://www.cbc.ca/news/ramadan-for-non-muslims-with-a-grain-of-salt-1.3117457
"I’m not going to go around saying that he [Mulcair] doesn’t care about the safety of Canadians, he’s putting the safety of Canadians in danger." Fuck you Trudeau. Bill C-51 puts Canadians in danger.
That's the problems with government sanctioned discrimination of any kind. If you allow one business to discriminate on criteria X, then you have to allow the next business to discriminate on criteria Y. And it spreads like a cancer. Things NEVER get better when it is allowed. They only get worse. People seriously need to learn some history.
Looks like some teachers with extra time came here to downvote us.
Slapping the bullying tag on it is silly. It's assault, plain and simple.
&gt; Milk in a bag just ain't right. Milk in a bag is a fantastic thing, you heathen.
Who?
The article refers to Bitcoin as a digital currency. It's more of a digital commodity. And a very unstable one at that. I don't see any real reason why the government needs to regulate it at all.
Apple doesn't typically have inventory glut. That's one of Tim Cook's claims to fame.
People who care about these kinds of things are outraged. Unfortunately the majority of people have more interest in what happened last night on The Bachelor.
I use to commute on a four lane street. To and from work was a headache with cars constantly trying to jack rabbit to get ahead. Then they changed it to two lanes + bikes lanes. Traffic went faster! Everyone stayed in line and just moved! It was incredible. But people automatically assume few lanes = slower traffic.
Long live comedy graduates of 2002! Great to see you are still involved in comedy Helder. Some of us are desk slaves.
I am happy that I didn't know this.
Title is bullshit. MPPs represent ALL of the constituents in their riding, regardless of who the constituent voted for. I didn't vote for the MPP representing my riding, but I can still call, email, or visit her office to discuss any of my concerns. She has no way of knowing whether or not I voted for her (unless I tell her).
TL;DR - The government didn't act maliciously during the original trial. Later determined he was not guilty. Province settles for 4.5 million. Man wanted more from the feds. Denied.
I know that is a pipe dream, but there has to be SOME kind of middle ground.
/r/buildahackintosh would be as desolate as /r/applehelp
The majority of pedestrian fatalities occur on main streets, not side streets. How will the reduction of speed on side streets make pedestrians safer? EDIT: To add to this, a good chunk of injuries come from TURNING vehicles, where speed is not a factor at all! http://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2015/03/08/torontos-killing-streets-as-deadly-as-ever-hume.html &gt; Most damage is done by drivers turning left (25 per cent) or turning right (17 per cent) Not a lot happens on roads with a 40 limit. &gt; nearly 70 per cent of fatalities happened on roads with speed limits above 50 km/h
If a kid comes up to my door with chocolate covered almonds or vanilla girl guide cookies, I'm pulling out my wallet!
FALSE. OP, did you read what you linked to? &gt; The nickel dollar never circulated well. However, a need was seen by the mint for a circulating dollar coin. To encourage circulation, the size was to be reduced, the colour was to be changed, and the one-dollar note eliminated from circulation. The size was going to be reduced anyway. New dies were cast for a new dollar coin. &gt; The Voyageur design was to be used. However, a set of dies depicting the design was lost in transit. To eliminate the risk of counterfeiting, an alternate design, featuring a loon, was used. The new design would have been similar to the old silver dollar, but it wasn't the same dies. New dies had been made, and those were lost in transit. Not the original silver dollar dies.
&gt; Ahh, I see. So people that have different views than you are ignorant. And here is a classic example of a Conservative voter. Instead of disputing the two major points I made in my original post, this person has decided to use a straw man argument.
&gt; In reality people vote for all parties for a variety of reasons including sheer blind party faith. And that is ignorance by any other name.
It is very inaccurate. Compare the "right" with how the right actually behaves in the U.S. "Don't interfere with social lives" - the Republican party LOVES to force their values on others. "Don't tax &amp; spend" - Conservatives LOVE to spend tax dollars - it's how they support their war machine. "Rights - others must not interfere" - Republicans LOVE to interfere in the rights of others "Survival of the fittest" - unless it's someone else's business - then it's regulated to death.
The inforgraphic is U.S-centric.
Major events like this are ALWAYS used to build infrastructure. It's the way the world works unfortunately. It would cost a LOT less to build up our infrastructure without the games, but nobody wants to invest money without a big event attached to it.
So enlighten me. Are you a conservative voter? Why do you support the conservatives?
Ssshhhh....you'll upset the lurking Conservatives.
I've met a lot of Liberal and NDP selfish pricks.
You are looking at only a small sliver of taxation when you refer to "A worker losing a significant portion of their pay" and "government's ability to raise revenue with their ability to properly determine how to spend said revenue". It's a much broader issue. Overall, lowering taxes does NOT benefit the economy. http://www.businessinsider.com/study-tax-cuts-dont-lead-to-growth-2012-9 http://www.businessinsider.com/history-of-tax-rates-2012-5 &gt; A worker losing a significant portion of their pay doesn't increase their standard of living. It depends on where that worker sits in terms of income &amp; taxes. It CAN benefit the standard of living for himself AND those around him. Why? Because trickle-down economics don't work. http://billmoyers.com/2014/09/11/a-wealthy-capitalist-on-why-money-doesnt-trickle-down/ http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/06/16/imf-trickle-down-economics-inequality_n_7595860.html
So Apple's plan was to make themselves look like jerks at the beginning of this all? WTF? What company in their right mind would say "Hey, let's be assholes, piss off the public, have a major pop star spank us, and then change our minds to be heros!". WTF? People actually think a company would do this to themselves?
I've had too many issues with software buttons. I like having a couple hardware buttons to hard reboot misbehaving hardware.
The rest of the world is trying to get AWAY from the oil industry, and move to renewable resources like wind, solar, electric. Why are you a strong proponent of an industry most would love to see wither away?
They mostly stand outside stores these days, which is useless since I rarely carry cash!
I looked into DSC, found out they use Dorco blades, and went directly to Dorco. Ordered the 2, 3, and 4 blade options. Tested them out. I found the 2-blade was good enough, and the wife preferred the 3-blade. Ordered a bunch of blades to last a year. Super inexpensive, and decent quality.
My son rarely ever fights. My wife and I have been more and more frustrated with the school administration over the year. They escalate everything to 11 with our son. He's a 7yo kid that needs supervision and guidance. We tell the school be firm with him. Make him work. But then they complain that he is a goof ball in class. A class clown. I tell the teacher to deal with him. Put him in a corner to work. Keep him in for recess. Detention. Whatever, but be FIRM with him. The teacher doesn't seem to understand how to do this, and only brings up these issues at the parent/teacher meetings throughout the year. The principal is quick to pull the trigger when my son does something wrong, but is willing to let the girl off? Look within myself? WTF?
I did the math. It was actually cheaper in bulk from Dorco direct.
Plus I'm in Canada, and DSC charges more for shipping my way. By ordering a year's worth in one batch, I saved a lot.
The principal is male, but every other teacher, gym teacher and the janitor is female.
When the principal escalated everything to 11 a while back with our son, he told us that School Board policy tied his hands. He wasn't allowed to make that judgment call. ANY genital contact had to be flagged as sexual abuse. He had called the police and CAS before talking to me or my wife. So now a girl knees my son in the genitals, and his attitude of "It wasn't sexual, so I don't have to follow the school board policy." That tells me he DOES have discretion on what to report, and what he put my son through was completely unacceptable.
No. This is the first fight he's been in at school.
The police officer came for the first incident. Got the report from the principal. Talked to us. Pretty much rolled his eyes at the situation. He knew there was nothing sexual or malicious about that first incident. He talked to our son to emphasize the seriousness of the issue. CAS was called. The principal said they would come take a statement from us. They would visit us at home. We never saw or heard anything from them. They probably read the police/school report and rolled their eyes as well. I agree that calling the police and CAS is completely ridiculous in both cases. Unfortunately I can't let the school do it to my son and give a pass to a girl.
Wow! Thanks for trying to marginalize girl-on-boy violence. FYI, a teacher and the principal asked a few students what happened and determine the girl was the aggressor. My son was the victim here.
Chains? No, everything is prepackaged, frozen, generic. If you want fresh bakery items, you need to go to a bakery that also sells coffee.
Everything is biodegradable given the right conditions and enough time. It's one of the reasons I hate the marketing term "biodegradable". It is rather meaningless.
They are trying to position themselves in the enterprise software/security space. As a hardware company, they are dead, but they may still have a solid future in software.
To add to this, my wife works overnights at a Loblaws stocking shelves. Everyone doing the overnight shift is a minimum wage, part time grunt, because they don't want to pay for full time + benefits. They constantly ask her to work full-time hours (40+ hours, 5 nights/week), but say it's still a part-time position. She of course says no way. Part-time is part-time. You don't see the overnight crew working, but without them, there would be a LOT of empty shelves.
The government is just closing up the silly loophole that allowed landlords to squeeze unjustified dollars from a tenant.
It doesn't of course. OP is an idiot.
You're driving it wrong.
Why not both?
Nope. For a basic car, stick will be the cheap option. Ford Focus - stick $16799 - automatic $18049 Chevy Cruze - stick $16075 - automatic $17525 Toyota Corolla - stick $15995 - automatic $18635
Still more expensive with less usage than my current deal with Teksavvy.
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/alcohol-poisoning/basics/definition/con-20029020 &gt; Alcohol poisoning is a serious — and sometimes deadly — consequence of drinking large amounts of alcohol in a short period of time. Have fun on your birthday, but don't be too stupid.
I have an 11yo iPod mini supplying music to my car stereo. Maybe one day I'll take a picture of it for karma.
ITT - people who don't realize the Pan Am signs are designed this way for a specific reason.
They are sign posts for people of ALL languages to guide them to their destination. What does your ticket say? What does the sign post say? Three-letters are easy to match up for someone who doesn't speak English.
Heaven forbid a corporation pay money to support a community ballpark!
Not an issue in Europe. Topless women are not a strange thing there. The issue here is cultural norms. In Canada, a topless 8yo girl rattles the norm. In Saudi Arabia, a women without a headscarf and showing her bare arms is shocking. So the question is, what kind of cultural norm would you prefer? More modest, move towards people covering up for no good reason? The status quo? More liberal like Europe?
Actually, I do. It's the closest I will get to the Olympics. http://panam.cbc.ca/news/article/article=pan-games-have-olympic-implications.html &gt; The results of the Pan-Am Games will impact the 2016 Olympic qualification for 15 sports, with 10 of those getting a direct bid to Rio.
Muzzling scientists + unconstitutional laws = gassing Jews!
A massive fine and ban from any public office/government job would be fine by me.
*for one computer. Additional devices extra.
&gt; sport - noun - an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment That is the definition of a sport. Does archery involve physical exertion and skill? Yes, very much so.
That's how the world works. When the public can't fund a public space, a corporation steps in to assist.
&gt; bringing a retro inspired ThinkPad to market would require significant sales volumes to justify the development effort and tooling expense Which is why it won't happen. You'll get a few people who love it, but the majority of business folks won't carry about a retro-style ThinkPad.
For a desktop, drives are dirt cheap. No real reason to have your OSes on the same drive. For a laptop, you may have no option.
&gt; don't have a formal signed lease You may find yourself SOL. If you take it to the Landlord Tenant Board, he could claim you are just renting a room, not the whole house.
Definitely true.
There is a LOT of information missing from this story. The Sun references this article as its source: http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/british-man-kicked-out-canada-5934575 It's a very one-sided story, and I have a hard time believing that Immigration Canada booted someone for plastering small holes in a friend's wall.
The downside to this is that he reports it, the landlord says "Oops, my bad!", kicks them all out, and in a couple months rents it to three more students.
HomeAway is nothing more than Kijiji or Craigslist for vacation rentals. You would have to be crazy to trust your home strangers.
Get your rear windows tinted. Don't worry about legality. It only become a legal issue if the front windows are tinted. Cops won't be able to see if anyone is in the back seat, so they most likely won't bother pulling you over just to check for a third person.
*gathered This event was two weeks ago.
Actually, it probably will. A new contract has to be negotiated, drafted, presented to the membership, voted on, and accepted...in two weeks?
They aren't in a legal strike position this weekend.
Will there be a mandate to allow other providers access to that network (like Teksavvy)? On one hand, I can imagine no, since Bell is footing the entire bill themselves. On the other hand, I can imagine yes, since Bell has to run their fiber on public land, and the government won't want multiple providers running separate lines for every end user.
Yes, of course! The union management should have thought of this years ago when they negotiated the contract! Have it expire on a certain date so that a certain Loblaws during a specific event would be closed! Brilliant!
HA HA! Not a chance. All those cashiers and stock boys are union. No way management can keep all stores open. If...IF...they consolidate the non-union employees, they may be able to keep open a couple of stores in Toronto.
Well that's strange because my wife has already been told the store she is working at will be closed during the strike, and non-union will be consolidated into a couple of other stores.
I heard on the radio that some of the accidents this morning are from asshats using the HOV lane (single occupants) and then trying to dodge out to avoid getting nabbed by the police.
Ha ha! This guy thinks he specific rights at the U.S. border? What a clown. Arrogant and confrontational. This guy is clueless.
Unfortunately, a lot of people don't care about the context. They can only absorb what is fed to them, and will make knee-jerk reactions based on it. It's the Fox News mentality.
Yes, very openly sexist. This woman's suggestions are actually contrary to advancing equality between the sexes. She implies that women NEED help to be active participants in open discussions. How very sad.
Yes, if it involves specific industries: http://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/es/pubs/guide/publicholidays.php#special If the business doesn't involve these industries, and there is no legitimate reason for him to be open Canada Day, then OP has the right to not work that day.
IT'S NOT WORKING!!!
I predict that they will remove the temporary HOV lanes by the end of August.
WTF is the6six?
Alternatively, pop the hood (after smashing the window) and disconnect the car battery.
Don't knife the tires. Pull the cap off the tire valve, drop in a BB, screw the cap back on. It will depress the tire valve pin and slowly let the air out.
What is with the really crappy security camera image? Shouldn't the AGO have HD colour security cameras?
That's laughable. Patrick Brown of the Conservatives is anti-gay marriage and opposed to the new sex-ed curriculum. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/patrick-brown-must-reach-out-beyond-pc-party-faithful-to-challenge-liberals-1.3068146
&gt; the last two big 'busts' the CRTC has had have been relatively well-meaning organizations that have screwed up Nope! The rules of CASL are very clear. Where I work, we had training specifically on CASL. All our email communications have a very highly visible way to unsubscribe. Our email database includes information specifically in regards to consent to communicate. The problem those two big organizations have is that they don't take things like CASL seriously, and upper management doesn't care until they get a slap on the wrist.
Management at TCHC need to learn some fucking humility.
I'm looking forward to complainers shutting up about the games.
From the looks of it, there is a maintenance crew parked on the sidewalk doing work, forcing pedestrians onto the bike path.
That dude is either very brave or very stupid, maybe a mix of both.
Note to self: avoid provincial parks on this day. I anticipate them being overrun by people who somehow can't justify spending $20 max ( [yes, $20 max!](http://www.parkreports.com/fees/dayuse/2015)) to enjoy mother nature.
Ontario Conservatives can't win on this issue. Their far-right hardcore supporters don't want them supporting things like Gay Pride. Patrick Brown is anti-gay marriage and anti-sex education. It would have been better for Brown and crew to go fishing with Rob Ford.
Not seeing what the issue is here. One report says he was asking for more money. How is that bad? Another report says he wouldn't budge on his support for the Kyoto Protocol. All this says to me is that he's a strong leader.
Owning those patents and controlling the manufacturing would seriously stifle innovation. Again, look at ARM. ARM develops for a lot of different platforms and industries, and their innovation shows. If the company was suddenly limited to one platform, one industry, one customer, that innovation would wither and die.
You can't buy money orders with credit card.
Yes! What's the point of locking him up? Vengeance? The dude has a serious case of "afluenza". Lots of community service and having to pay over and over again will humble him.
Video store selection is abysmal compared to The Pirate Bay and Kick Ass Torrents. For the Christmas break, I downloaded as many children's holiday specials I could. I ended up loading 30 various cartoon and claymation movies into our media play for the family to watch ad nauseum during the holidays. EDIT: Yes, I understand I'm a pirate. I also dumped a lot of money at movie theatres over the holidays. I just bought the Star Wars soundtrack on iTunes. I pay for Netflix. The industry needs to play catch-up and make it easier to purchase and use video media. I won't pay for DRM restricted video from iTunes or other sources.
What's the difference between a mass of garbage buried underground, and a mass of coal or asbestos?
So Chinatown businesses would rather have at-risk youth committing crimes in their neighbourhood, vs a centre to help them?
Boohoo! During the busiest shipping time of the year with the most holidays, you expect white glove service? Get over yourself.
$8 gives me unlimited access to more children's shows than I could ever need for my kids. I don't have cable or satellite TV.
Ask them which class will give you the certificate that qualifies you for reduced insurance rates. You may have to do the in-class stuff for the discount insurance.
Do the in class stuff then. The certificate is worth it.
It's okay, not great. Respectable beach. Okay to canoe. Didn't have much luck fishing. Unfortunately no really hiking, so may be boring.
TL;DW - Yes, but only if you can control your credit card spending. No point in paying them off, then running them up again.
How is "dangerous waste garbage" any more dangerous than a mine shaft filled with asbestos? Just because something is "natural" doesn't make it safe. Radium and Radon are such a problem in some areas that people need sensors in their basements to protect themselves from this "natural" rock form.
You and I have different levels of "enjoyable experience". I can sit at home, read up on obscure titles, go find a torrent, and download it while I then go make dinner or do some laundry. And I think your claim of "Video stores have a ton of titles that you can't find on popular torrent sites" is bs. It's very rare that those popular torrent sites don't have something that is circulating on DVD, and that includes all your "rare" video store titles.
http://i.imgur.com/rwJ2EIX.png
In this case, yes, regulation is bad. Surge pricing is based on supply and demand. If there is a lot of demand for my service at a certain time, I should be allowed to price my service at what I want to maximize my profits. Plumbers, electricians, and locksmiths all have "after hours" pricing. Convenience stores are more expensive than No-Frills. Per ML, little bottles of Coke are a ripoff compared to a full 2L bottle. Supply and demand.
New Years Eve - everyone is drinking and will want a ride home. Pretty easy for consumers to predict. How many times have you heard "It's impossible to get a cab on New Years Eve / Halloween / etc"?
&gt; "One of my techniques is to expose people to all types of different words," Persinger told CBC News. "Silly words, complex words, emotional words, profane words. Because they influence how you make decisions and how you think." Well there's your problem! University is no place for actual thinking. It's a place for children to earn useless degrees while binge drinking.
Why do so many people miss plasma as a state of matter? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plasma_(physics) EDIT: Yes, yes, 20-some odd states of matter. Plasma though is one of the *fundamental* states of matter, and the majority of matter in the universe is in the plasma state. The sun is a big ball of plasma!
"Gouging" is just another way of saying "I wasn't prepared, and I don't want to pay that price!".
We could argue all day on these points. I'll say "Yes, they were unprepared.", and you'll counter argue, and we will most likely never come to a meeting of minds. During TTC strikes in the city of Toronto, it is damn near impossible to get a taxi here because they are so busy. The service of taxis is rendered pretty much useless to the majority of people because of their inability to raise pricing to quell demand.
&gt; dickface Solid retort! &gt; stop with the shit argument like "well we mine holes in the ground how is that dangerous" it makes no sense Properly constructed landfills aren't dangerous. Educate yourself.
Lowest common denominator education. It's also why kids don't know what the proper primary colours are. I called out my son's Grade 1 teacher on this. She said "cyan and magenta are too hard to spell, so we stick with blue and red".
But are they the *fundamental* states? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_matter#The_four_fundamental_states
I don't understand how he got to that point. If he wanted to collect weapons, build a nice bunker/vault/museum where everything is secured and safe. Hollow out a book? Guns all over the house fully loaded? Dude was crackers!
Who woulda thunk that building underground wouldn't snarl up ground level traffic?
What part of "Properly constructed landfills" don't you understand? There are lots of landfills all over the world that have been redeveloped. "destruction of the environment" is a boogeyman term that doesn't hold up under scrutiny, especially considering Mother Nature herself destroys massive areas of the environment all on her own. "Greenhouse gas"? Gases from landfills can be collected and used for energy generation. "toxic air around the landfill"? Not with proper gas collection. Groundwater? Don't build the landfill near groundwater sources!
You are correct. There is a possibility that the trucker messed up. The car could have already been sitting there at the intersection before the truck got there. Or the trucker may not have been signalling. That's why having a dash cam is always a good idea.
What's the point of teaching incorrect information at all?
Turn off everything in your apartment, unplug fridge, stove, everything you can, then go look at your meter. Is it still moving? Then something or someone else is stealing your power. Have it investigated.
"Families fear children losing their heritage" says every generation ever around the world. That fear is why Quebec has language police today.
It happened near York U. I would wager they are university girls, one of them a special little snowflake struggling with her courses and she has just snapped.
Looks like crap.
&gt; Persinger said he was told his statement violated the university’s standards on respectful conduct. Translation: Some little snowflake complained. Dude has been doing this for 10 years, and suddenly it's a problem?
If he is guilty, then it should be a no brainer. Ban on driving for life, minimum 2000 hours of community service, and wage garnishing (5%?10%) for the next 10 years, money going directly to the family of the children he killed. EDIT: For those of you calling for jail time, it just doesn't work. http://www.slate.com/articles/business/the_dismal_science/2007/01/the_irrational_18yearold_criminal.html &gt; The conclusion that prison time prevents crime through incapacitation rather than deterrence raises questions about the effect of policing. http://nij.gov/five-things/pages/deterrence.aspx &gt; Sending an offender to prison isn’t a very effective way to deter crime. http://www.corrections.com/articles/27870-some-reasons-why-incarceration-does-not-work-very-well &gt; Prisons are supposed to act as a deterrent to criminal activity. Being unpleasant, potential offenders should be so afraid of going to prison that they do not commit crimes. But it doesn't work that way. Lots more citations available with a simple Google search.
Jail time doesn't do anything other than cost taxpayers money. Dude will learn a lot more through his mountain of community service and paying for it the next 10 years. EDIT: Yay downvotes from people who don't know the difference between rehabilitation and vengeance. It's sad to think we as a civilized society feel the need to throw people behind bars for no other reason that to punish them. Especially when there are much better ways to serve justice.
Is it? http://www.slate.com/articles/business/the_dismal_science/2007/01/the_irrational_18yearold_criminal.html &gt; The conclusion that prison time prevents crime through incapacitation rather than deterrence raises questions about the effect of policing. http://nij.gov/five-things/pages/deterrence.aspx &gt; Sending an offender to prison isn’t a very effective way to deter crime. http://www.corrections.com/articles/27870-some-reasons-why-incarceration-does-not-work-very-well &gt; Prisons are supposed to act as a deterrent to criminal activity. Being unpleasant, potential offenders should be so afraid of going to prison that they do not commit crimes. But it doesn't work that way. Lots more citations available with a simple Google search.
Jail time isn't a rehabilitation tool, no matter how long time served.
You are correct, which is why he needs a mountain of community service and a lifetime ban on driving. Unfortunately people want quick and easy punishments like jail, and not long term solutions.
Someone you have never heard of who makes a living doing something that other people like.
It plays media files fairly easily. I can generally go to any website, and play their media. Other than that, I think Win 10 is a pile of poo.
&gt; right or wrong, the justice system uses imprisonment as a measure of justice, and a form of punishment and deterrence. It's definitely wrong. Jail time doesn't serve as a deterrent, and there are more effective ways to rehabilitate/punish a criminal offender. Our justice system is broken. It's amazing the number of people here who cry foul when the Conservatives brought in minimum mandatory sentencing, and then in situations like this, they want a mandatory minimum sentence!
I'm opposed to any immigration or refugee program that doesn't involve some form of cultural integration education.
Is Googling "Boxing Day" really that hard? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boxing_Day
Learn how to educate yourself.
Can you be more specific about what you mean by "Mac limits the users ability to change setting and what not"?
Linux is extremely niche. There is a reason it hasn't conquered the desktop like MacOS and Windows have.
Linux is painful to use for the a non-techie person. I'm a techie person, and I find Linux frustrating as all hell. Just recently, I set up a Raspberry Pi as a print server, and just trying to force a fixed IP address required me to edit files at the command level.
So does cutting off his hands and his feet, but we would never resort to such barbaric practices. Jail time for non-violent offenders is barbaric.
Laws and criminal justice shouldn't be based on emotion.
If you don't know the difference between a violent and a non-violent offender, then I can't help you.
But there's *future* potential! Sign up now before it's too late!
Muslim women need to learn to treat themselves as equals first. When a woman feels the need to where specific clothing like the hijab, while men do not, there is a problem.
These intersections need ~~to~~ two officers - one directing traffic, and one to immediately ticket morons breaking traffic laws.
And when somebody breaks into your home, or steals your car, they are the first ones you call and then you complain they aren't working fast enough...right?
The movie has been out for weeks now. Get off reddit and go see it.
And we shouldn't support it, yet people still do for fear of "offending" anyone. https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2011/11/24/friday_prayers_return_at_valley_park.html
I blame my lack of coffee this morning.
If she does it because she wants to adhere to her religion, and the religion dictates it because it doesn't view women as equals, then correct, she is not treating herself as an equal.
No, you can't. You are allowed to use reasonable force to perform a citizen's arrest. You can't willfully knock the guy's block off.
*Cringe* Ryan Doyle on 1010 and Carroll on 640 are enough to drive me to drink from evenings. Maybe I need to start listening to CBC Radio One on the drive home.
Is this what we're going to be getting for the next few weeks? Sunrise pictures? I already see two today.
It's not.
&gt; Canada is supposed to be welcoming to all races, but my family, friends and previous manager are shocked by a narrow-minded job market. Sounds like somebody is upset that others aren't just throwing money at him. Life isn't fair. Maybe they didn't teach you that in the UK. Or maybe potential employers can hear your whining from a mile away.
Call up your family doctor, get them to make a copy, submit it to the school. It's not that hard.
The law in Ontario needs to change. The only allowable exemptions should be for medical reasons.
No. Try not. Do... or do not. There is no try.
How many 905ers drive into this city? Why is it that I should have to pay an extra $60/year while they don't?
I've always been under the impression that you should be at the airport 3 hours in advance.
Any details on why the slow processing through security?
Harsh penalties don't send messages. The only person who will learn anything from the tragedy is Kazenelson, the man sentenced.
Yet they still do things like this.
Muzzo didn't get a plea deal.
No, they don't, and history shows that. There are a lot of research papers out there that clearly show the the biggest deterrent is the likelihood of actually getting caught. EDIT: People looking for citation Sigh... http://www.newswise.com/articles/study-confirms-that-harsher-penalties-dont-reduce-crime &gt; Study Confirms that Harsher Penalties Don't Reduce Crime http://www.castanet.net/news/Law-Matters/68717/Do-severe-punishments-deter-crime &gt; What has actually been shown to be effective? Well, it has been found that the deterrent effect exists more with the certainty of punishment (probability of being caught) than the severity of punishment. http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5 &gt; Instead, the report argues that the certainty and imminence of punishment are more likely to deter crime than length. http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; We wouldn’t want to leave the discussion of the empirical work on deterrence without noting an obvious exception to the generalization that ‘deterrence’ is not an effective approach to crime prevention. That exception is the impact of certainty of apprehension and punishment. EDIT: Yes, downvotes for citing actual evidence, while upvoting people who offer zero citation and personal opinion.
The severity of the penalty doesn't change the deterrent effect.
Sigh... http://www.newswise.com/articles/study-confirms-that-harsher-penalties-dont-reduce-crime &gt; Study Confirms that Harsher Penalties Don't Reduce Crime http://www.castanet.net/news/Law-Matters/68717/Do-severe-punishments-deter-crime &gt; What has actually been shown to be effective? Well, it has been found that the deterrent effect exists more with the certainty of punishment (probability of being caught) than the severity of punishment. http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5 &gt; Instead, the report argues that the certainty and imminence of punishment are more likely to deter crime than length. http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; We wouldn’t want to leave the discussion of the empirical work on deterrence without noting an obvious exception to the generalization that ‘deterrence’ is not an effective approach to crime prevention. That exception is the impact of certainty of apprehension and punishment.
&gt; It runs counter to any shred of common sense or intellectual decency. No, it doesn't. http://www.newswise.com/articles/study-confirms-that-harsher-penalties-dont-reduce-crime &gt; Study Confirms that Harsher Penalties Don't Reduce Crime http://www.castanet.net/news/Law-Matters/68717/Do-severe-punishments-deter-crime &gt; What has actually been shown to be effective? Well, it has been found that the deterrent effect exists more with the certainty of punishment (probability of being caught) than the severity of punishment. http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5 &gt; Instead, the report argues that the certainty and imminence of punishment are more likely to deter crime than length. http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; We wouldn’t want to leave the discussion of the empirical work on deterrence without noting an obvious exception to the generalization that ‘deterrence’ is not an effective approach to crime prevention. That exception is the impact of certainty of apprehension and punishment.
http://www.newswise.com/articles/study-confirms-that-harsher-penalties-dont-reduce-crime &gt; Study Confirms that Harsher Penalties Don't Reduce Crime http://www.castanet.net/news/Law-Matters/68717/Do-severe-punishments-deter-crime &gt; What has actually been shown to be effective? Well, it has been found that the deterrent effect exists more with the certainty of punishment (probability of being caught) than the severity of punishment. http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5 &gt; Instead, the report argues that the certainty and imminence of punishment are more likely to deter crime than length. http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; We wouldn’t want to leave the discussion of the empirical work on deterrence without noting an obvious exception to the generalization that ‘deterrence’ is not an effective approach to crime prevention. That exception is the impact of certainty of apprehension and punishment.
Yup, which is why we need more inspectors.
The likelihood of getting caught is more of a deterrent than the actual penalty. http://www.newswise.com/articles/study-confirms-that-harsher-penalties-dont-reduce-crime &gt; Study Confirms that Harsher Penalties Don't Reduce Crime http://www.castanet.net/news/Law-Matters/68717/Do-severe-punishments-deter-crime &gt; What has actually been shown to be effective? Well, it has been found that the deterrent effect exists more with the certainty of punishment (probability of being caught) than the severity of punishment. http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5 &gt; Instead, the report argues that the certainty and imminence of punishment are more likely to deter crime than length. http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; We wouldn’t want to leave the discussion of the empirical work on deterrence without noting an obvious exception to the generalization that ‘deterrence’ is not an effective approach to crime prevention. That exception is the impact of certainty of apprehension and punishment.
How does the Health and Safety Act change the fundamental nature of human beings?
Next time do some research instead of relying on your personal opinion.
Your inability to comprehend is astounding. &gt; the certainty and imminence of punishment are **more likely** to deter crime than length Translation: The harshness of the penalty is *not* the deterrent. It's the *likelihood* of *any* punishment. &gt; the deterrent effect exists *more* with the certainty of punishment (probability of being caught) than the severity of punishment Again, the severity of the penalty *doesn't* change the deterrent effect. It's the *likelihood* of getting caught and there being *any* penalty.
&gt; the act forces people to be more aware of themselves and the people they are supervising It does no such thing. It lays out penalties if they don't, and if enforcement and inspection is non-existent, then people will skirt the law to save time and money. This isn't the first time people have overlook Health and Safety.
Toronto probably wouldn't be the first Canadian city to get this, based on the headache of dealing with local utilities and attaching fiber to the poles.
The comments are gold. &gt; This is made for tv bull*$($. As such the people are planks. Msg makes the FDA and the gov which approves it a lot of money due to flavouring 'food' nobody could stomach otherwise and health issues it causes and many people have a reaction to msg in the same way people can have a reaction to anything.
If there was a fine applied to every infraction, and there was a lot more inspection, we would see a real difference.
Kevin O'Leary is usually very careful with his investments. There is no way he would put $1mil in Alberta Oil based on the current global markets. He is delusional if he things the NDP government in Alberta is one of the causes of the implosion.
Yes, it was an infringement, but it should have been dealt with as a separate issue. It's should have affected the initial issue of DUI.
Uh...did you see the movie? If the answer is yes, go see it again. You seem to be confused. EDIT: Rey and Finn were the leads.
Was he also selling some amazing land in Florida? Or a bridge in Brooklyn ?
Somebody *will* eventually win the Powerball lottery, just based on the number of tickets being purchased. If you don't have a ticket, your odds are absolute zero.
The Falcon was stolen. It was coincidence...or the Force working in a mysterious way.
No. "I will finish what you started" means to bring control and order to the galaxy via military force.
Morons. Cars don't need anything more than 30 seconds to warm the engine up. These are just lazy people who don't want to drive in a cold car.
In Ontario, that's very illegal. Unfortunately, there aren't enough government resources to crack down on shady landlords.
Good. Anytime I hear something as being 'anti-catholic', it means we're doing something right.
OP went to schiool.
"Whether it will be enough...it's hard to say." Not really. It's actually really easy to say. A bunch of smalls gardens is not enough to change the massive problems of poverty, gangs, and crime in the neighbourhood. Fresh tomatoes don't kill bed bugs. Winter? It will take a hell of a lot more than a garden to put a dent in the problems.
&gt; scientifically proven benefits of reducing animal-based food consumption and increasing whole plant-based food consumption But veganism is the total elimination of animal-based food. http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/89/5/1627S.full There is no debate that less meat/more veggies is healthier. However vegans really go too far, to the point of having to supplement their diet instead of just eating some eggs, fish, and milk.
It's not really that simple though. From your linked study... &gt; In contrast, both lacto-ovo-vegetarian and vegan females do not seem to have a lower risk of mortality from cardiovascular diseases. Not so clear patterns are observed for cancer outcomes. &gt; While lacto-ovo-vegetarians have lower risk of cancer of the gastrointestinal tract, vegans experience a higher risk for cancer of the urinary tract. &gt; For other-cancer sites, the risk is slightly but not significantly lower for both lacto-ovo-vegetarians and vegans compared to non-vegetarians And the question becomes *what* about the vegan diet is beneficial? &gt; Significantly lower mean BMI observed in vegans may be an important factor for reducing risks from heart disease and CVD mortality So it may not specifically be the animal products we eat, but rather the lifestyle/overeating. &gt; Vegans may have a greater challenge in meeting the nutritional adequacy for vitamin B12, protein, and calcium compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarians and meat-eaters. Thus, the potential adverse effects of vegan diets deserve consideration. Your linked article, again. &gt; In the EPIC-Oxford study [67], vegans had 30% higher fracture rates than meat-eaters. However, when adjusted for calcium intake, vegans no longer had higher fracture rate. So now vegans have to take calcium supplements, when all they really need to do is drink a glass of milk!
It should be required by law for there to be a big poster in the employee's area outlining basic employment rights - overtime pay, holiday pay, right to refuse work, etc. There should be a snitch line / email address is big bold print on this poster. Failure to prominently display this poster resulting in a hefty fine. That would lead to a lot less employee abuse. EDIT: Apparently there is a requirement for this, but it's tiny. Need something bigger than a 8.5x11 sheet of paper in the corner of a large bulletin board.
&gt; fully blocked rear window It's not required by law to have full visibility out of a rear window. &gt; and I see a ton of morons putting two snows tires on the rear of a front wheel drive car, which I assume they saw dad do it and that's what they do Sorry, but if you only have two winter tires, they should go on the rear, not the front. Never put two winter tires on the front and leave the rear as all seasons. Yes, four tires is best, we know that. But if you only have two, rear tires!
The rear tires would have no grip, and your car would easily fishtail when braking.
The weight of the engine on the front tires helps grip. If you have rear wheel drive, you still want the snow tires on the rear because of fishtailing.
Part of the problem is that Android thinks it's a single user platform, when in fact my kids and wife often need to use my phone, and trying to get a 6yo to remember a passcode isn't really an option.
Prices will go up now, and stay up even if our dollar recovers. Thanks!
Stuck on 4.4.2
Movie: Best In Show FYI, the movie is mostly improvised.
Toronto. Car rental market here is very aggressive.
Ontario does, and it's maddening how much public money they get to spew their propaganda.
The "Constitution" argument is b.s. BC, NB, NS, and PEI never had separate schools Quebec and Newfoundland &amp; Labrador have both canned their separate schools through constitutional amendments. It's time for Ontario to just do it.
Walmart bags are absolute crap. Thinnest plastic possible.
How about removing the reference to God, since it wasn't even in the original French lyrics.
Can we also remove the God reference? The original French lyrics made no reference to any religion.
What's the story behind this? Doctors don't just call the police on random patients. EDIT: Never mind. Steve Katsikaris seems to be a bit of a nutbar.
&gt; Almost two-thirds of the positions offer full-time hours – 35 or more hours a week – while 25 per cent are part time. The remainder are classed as casual positions I don't consider 35 hours to be full-time. 40 minimum. &gt; They range from $9.55 an hour to more than $50 an hour, with an average wage of $14.81 an hour. $14.81 x 35 = $500 a week before taxes and deductions! Wowzy! How do I get into that job market!?!
Uber likes to make up its own rules. Meanwhile, my Uber app no longer offers fair estimates. Thanks Uber!
Open your Uber app and look for a fare estimate with UberX.
If it's the same one I have, it only supports max 2GB unfortunately. It's ~~not~~ now my son's Minecraft machine.
He's angry at the world for some reason.
It's not an Apple-marketing limitation. It's an actual limitation of the architecture. http://www.everymac.com/systems/apple/imac/specs/imac-core-2-duo-1.83-17-inch-specs.html
Interesting. I have this model, which is already a C2D. http://www.everymac.com/systems/apple/imac/specs/imac-core-2-duo-1.83-17-inch-specs.html I'll see if the firmware upgrade works.
As long as banks are required to eat their losses when people can't afford their mortgages, why should I care?
&gt; “Women have unique skills, we see this in our research,” he said. Just remember people, if you dare say that "men have unique skills", it means you are being sexist, and flat out wrong! Women can do anything a man can do!!!
Somebody needs to create a sect of this, with doctrine stating believers must where the colander in any government mandated photos.
People act all surprised and outraged by this because they have no concept of history and how corporations have done these kinds of things for years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_India_Company &gt; the company rose to account for half of the world's trade, particularly trade in basic commodities that included cotton, silk, indigo dye, salt, saltpetre, tea and opium https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hudson%27s_Bay_Company &gt; The company was incorporated by English royal charter in 1670 as The Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson's Bay and functioned as the de facto government in parts of North America
Well you're wrong. It is obviously funny because you can hear people laughing during the show!
&gt; Look, if you’re going to give me trouble, I’ll just call a bylaw enforcement officer and have him write you a $350 ticket. Okay, please do. I'll be right over here taking more pictures.
&gt; Uber drivers get legal, provincially approved commercial insurance. Fair enough, but on the flip side, insurance companies need to offer *reasonable* insurance, and should have to justify their rates. &gt; Uber and other app-based services charge passengers a minimum $3.25 fare. Piss off! Why should there be a minimum fare? Do city councils mandate hot dogs be sold for a minimum $3, or mowing someone's lawn warrants a minimum $10? Of course not. City council has no business mandating *any* sort of pricing structure. &gt; Edmonton will revisit fares charged by ride-hailing services in six months to see if they are using predatory pricing. How can it be predatory if the service is 100% *optional*? &gt; Taxis hailed on the street, or ordered by phone, will still be subject to Edmonton’s legislated rates. Uber cars cannot be hailed on the street. Uber will pay Edmonton $70,000 a year to operate there. City council just wanting their cut, and will shake down whoever they can for it. I fear that Toronto city council is no more intelligent than Edmonton's, so things like this may be headed our way.
$5B isn't a lot in the grand scheme of things, and the government would piss it away on waste anyway.
Being critical doesn't mean we're racist. It's things like this that make us critical: http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/saskatchewan/taxpayer-group-tags-saskatchewan-chief-s-salary-for-waste-1.1351110 Then we have articles like this: https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2014/07/31/bc_chief_defends_900000_pay.html A lot of band chiefs earn more than most large city mayors! http://www.discoveryfinance.com/annual-chief-salary-for-first-nations.html
Why would you want to run on ethanol? Ethanol energy density (26.4) is much lower than gasoline (44.4). Translation - you need almost 70% more ethanol to deliver the same power to your car.
The whole "debt solution" argument is laughable. $5B in revenue, while we are looking at a $25B deficit this year.
Healthcare is the purview of the provincial government, not the federal. Ontario's healthcare budget is $50B. If Ontario got 39% of that $5B tax revenue (based on population numbers), that means an extra $2B. But if you live in Ontario, you know that $2B is absolutely nothing. The Liberals can easily waste that amount of money.
Lucky you. I live in a house in a valley, at the base of a hill taller than my house. I can't pick up anything at all. It sucks.
So...it's a VoIP service? Something I can already do with other services through any WiFi?
Based on the number of shitty parents out there raising shitty kids, a good deal of them could use that consulting.
&gt; Considering the daughter choose the spanking, I fail to see why they were charged with assault. You can't legally consent to be assaulted like this. Just ask Jian Ghomeshi.
Yes, because too many people are of the opinion "I was spanked as a child, and I turned out fine!". Meanwhile, they freak out if a police officer gets physical while trying to arrest someone, screaming "That's assault!" Remember: Parents hitting kids as a means of corrective action? That's okay! Cops hitting adults as a means of corrective action? That's bad.
&gt; 14 is way too old to hit. What age is appropriate to hit?
Only your final paragraph "didn't specify who". Your first two paragraphs are not so unbiased.
That's just crazy! Crazy like Rob Ford!
I would guess immigrants committing the crimes, or coming from families with religious/cultural values of women being second class citizens.
I'd rather deal with those issues that have to live with the knowledge that my inaction allowed this woman to attack children.
Unfortunately it's basic human nature in these kinds of situations. Most people expect somebody else to solve the problem.
Makes it difficult for out of town people that want tickets. I like the idea of a lottery. Each credit card is entitled to a single ballot in the lottery. Each winner is entitled to max two tickets.
How much is a person's home worth when they don't want to move?
You don't have to think it. It's actual fact. The capacity of the new streetcars is lower. New streetcar - 70 (seats), 181 (standing), 251 total , 99ft = 2.53 people per ft length Old articulating - 61 seated, 205 crush load, length 76 ft = 2.69 people per ft length Stubbies - 42, 132 crush load, length 50ft = 2.64 people per ft length "Per vehicle" the new streetcars hold more, but I'd rather have two stubbies that be spread out more.
The rights of the individual outweigh the desires of the many.
GoJa Properties is just a slumlord for over-capacity, sub-code rooming houses. http://toronto.craigslist.ca/tor/roo/5592900068.html His phone # is a California area code. He tries to hide his true identity because of the eventual legal blowback.
Dictionary as well. http://www.dictionary.com/browse/deodorant
The people who live in this city are overtaxed to compensate for the numbers of 905ers and beyond that use our city daily. We need to look into user fees and road tolls to get some dollars from those who would otherwise not be contributing to city hall.
Yes, there will be a net benefit. It will reduce road congestion. It will increase ridership on GO. It will bring in additional revenue that can be used to improve public transit in and out of the core. A road toll on the Gardiner and DVP could be funneled into the downtown relief line.
Is mandatory driver's education part of it?
I got mine from eBay. Can't shut them down. And honestly, trying to find reliable, decent pirated content can be frustrating. It's not as easy as a lot of these articles make it out to be. Just last night I was trying to watch a GoT episode, and it had serious audio sync issues. I gave up and went to bed.
We aren't dealing with a crime here though. We are dealing with an offence under the Ontario Highway Traffic Act, which is non-criminal. Intent has zero bearing. If I "accidentally" run a red light, or "didn't notice" how fast I was going, it doesn't matter.
&gt; I then get the slowest fucking typer on the planet They don't type slowly - they are dealing with multiple incidents at the same time. &gt; Ok ... so find the #. Now you might think the Bell support # is who you call for Fibe TV. Hint, it isn't. Good luck fucking finding it. http://support.bell.ca/ Scroll down to where you see the little picture of a phone in a circle. Click it. Click "Your bill or account" Click "TV" Fibe TV: 1 866 797-8686 Wow! That was HARD!
No secret sauce involved. Always scroll to the bottom and look for a telephone or "call us" link.
Or you could just repeal the 2nd Amendment.
Yup, the guy who posted this is absolutely clueless that what he's asking for is against labour law. And then there's the fraudulent aspect of it, where he is encouraging his "intern" to lie on his resume with a fake job title and fake experience.
Too many. If you crunch the numbers, for these places to stay open and be profitable, they need to lend out thousands of dollars per day. Here in Ontario, minimum wage is $11.25. A store open 12 hours a day. Plus rent/lease, plus electricity, plus plus plus, they need to loan a *minimum* $1000/day just to open the doors. We need to focus on helping people avoid the cycle of debt. Don't focus on the payday loan shops, focus on the victims.
&gt; The budget of the church, or mosque or synagogue is funded by the after tax income of the members and people who attend. Just like every other business that serves the public. Places of worship are no different. My local corner store is funded by my after tax income. &gt; Nobody is forced to pay, but this is some left over money people already paid income taxes, property tax etc on. Same thing with my local corner store. I'm not forced to pay them. But I do anyway in exchange for a Twix. &gt; One in our area does a youth activity program that rents out a gym to run a youth basketball league. It's largely attended by poor kids and a lot of natives from the reserve who want a place to hang out. Lots of private organisations do those things, yet have to pay taxes. &gt; Why do you hate programs that benefit native kids? Ah....you're that kind of idiot.
How do you define "prejudice"? http://www.dictionary.com/browse/prejudice Let's look at all the possible definitions: &gt; an unfavorable opinion or feeling formed beforehand or without knowledge, thought, or reason. I have given a lot of though, I have knowledge, and I have legitimate reasons why I dislike Islam as a religion. By this definition, I am not prejudiced. &gt; any preconceived opinion or feeling, either favorable or unfavorable. That one really wouldn't work for defining Islamophobia. &gt; unreasonable feelings, opinions, or attitudes, especially of a hostile nature, regarding an ethnic, racial, social, or religious group. My feelings toward Islam (and actually most other religions) are quite reasonable. Therefore, not prejudiced. &gt; such attitudes considered collectively &gt; damage or injury; detriment If we slap the label of "prejudiced" on anything we having a strong disagreement with, then it really loses its meaning. My disdain for most religions, laugh tracks, child beauty pageants, the new Star Trek movies, and many other things has reason.
Submitted two hours ago https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/4o2tal/toronto_immigration_organization_launches/
Dang, you are correct! My bad!
When somebody says something so obviously moronic, it's usually best to just walk away. You can’t reason a person out of a position that they weren’t reasoned into.
I question the sanity of anybody who believes in the supernatural.
Going around in circles here. The Council of Europe's definition is inherently flawed.
I actually get along very well with my religious coworkers. They know I think their beliefs are crazy. They like the fact that I don't tiptoe around them for fear of offending them.
Take a look at Springs Church in Winnipeg. It makes me shudder that they are allowed to use the term non-profit.
If you took the time to read the two links above, you would realize it isn't anywhere close to being legal. It's astounding how ignorant people can be with information at their fingertips.
Vapers. They're scum, dontcha know? Well...actually some are. Those who think because it's not a real cigarette, they can vape anywhere. Saw a woman vaping in a line for a kid's ride at Canada's Wonderland. One dad told her to stop, and that started an argument. Another dad got involved and told her to stop as well. The woman got so embarrassed she left the line with her kid. Some people are absolutely clueless.
27k people is a drop in the bucket, and it isn't like they are all clumped together in one community. There are more people in a single City of Toronto ward. Even if every one of those refugees moved into the city of Toronto, they would only represent 1% of the population here. I am not aware of any of the refugee families anywhere around me. Nothing has really changed.
That's not the best we can do. Education is the best tool. These are issues that need to be discussed at the elementary school level before kids have their minds warped by ignorant parents. But we also need our political leaders to [not support things like Muslim-only subsidized housing](http://globalnews.ca/news/2187517/toronto-city-councillor-says-muslim-only-subsidized-housing-is-acceptable/). It's hypocritical of one government agency have an anti-racism campaign, while another government agency supporting policies of segregation and ghettoization.
And if he's blaming the builders, they should have to pay to fix their own error. Now I wondering, from what point is the 8.5m measured? Average property level? Could I build a 9" stone wall around my property and fill it in with dirt to give myself an new properly level?
Maximizing floor space.
&gt; He said he and his wife teach their kids to help those in need, even when it might hurt. It's sad how few people actually think this way. Too many people fear getting involved.
Too bad this would never work. Trees don't grow from the base or middle. They grow from the top. The cells grow on top of one another. The rope would not rise.
Buy this book. https://www.chapters.indigo.ca/en-ca/books/lemon-aid-new-and-used/9781459732575-item.html?ikwid=lemonade+car&amp;ikwsec=Home&amp;ikwidx=6
&gt; 0.1% not 1%. 2,700,000 in the city of Toronto 27,000 refugees That's 1%
So who do I have to pay off in the surveyor's office?
&gt; Lower driving speeds, better designed intersections, consistent traffic enforcement, dedicated and protected space for driving, walking, and cycling Yup, yup, yup, yup, and yup! I drive through downtown all the time, and sometimes I feel like I am going way to fast to react to someone who may step out from between parked cars. I'll look down and my speedometer and see I'm actually going the speed limit. Also, we need to hold pedestrians more accountable. If drives me nuts when I want to make a turn, and people are either darting across at the last minute, or one or two people are standing just off the sidewalk at the corner waiting to get hit.
Can we have a serious discussion about physical castration as a means of treatment for people like this?
Solution: Put an external firewall between your system and the Internet.
THEY'RE TAKING OVER!!!
Physical castration for males. I'm not a medical expert, so I wouldn't know the female equivalent. Sewing kit?
Question to ponder: For sex offenders who are deemed to be ["dangerous offenders"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dangerous_offender#Canada), they can be held indefinitely in prison. Should people like this have the option of physical castration as an alternative to indefinite incarceration, if it can be shown that doing so would essentially "fix" them so they would no longer be a dangerous offender?
So if I am understand this correctly, anytime I want to build a big house: Step 1 - Install a really tall pole. Step 2 - Have surveyor, city hall, safety inspectors, and the Pope all confirm that the maximum allowable height of the house is the height of the pole. Step 3 - Put laser level on top of pole and build house.
Sometimes Reddit actually provides useful information. Thanks!
Sometimes that's the price we have to pay to have a civil society.
But sex drive is males is strongly linked to testosterone, which is produced in the testicles. Remove the penis and testicles, and you will greatly reduce the sex drive.
You're totally changing the situation. Somebody attacking somebody else is completely different than somebody falling onto subway tracks.
&gt; So I took a look at it, went through every grade, went through it thoroughly, and thought, ‘You know what, this is all good information.’ ” It's infuriating that people like this are in a position of power.
&gt; IF you're going to have 2 people badly injured you haven't made anything better Things are made better when people put their lives on the line. I'm not sure if you lack a sense of history: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invasion_of_Normandy
You totally missed the point of my post. When they started drinking, there likely wasn't any intent or expectation of sexual activity later. But then it did happen, and you want to hold three drunk men accountable for their actions, while exonerating a drunk woman of any of her actions. Again, I'm not saying she did consent. We don't know what was said in that hotel room. But if it was a case of a drunk woman telling three drunk men to go for, but later she either didn't remember, or regretted her actions, we can't throw the book at them men. To do so would be disingenuous and hypocritical.
Would be useful to know where you actually live.
You saying the same thing to everyone else in this thread who have already presumed them all guilty?
So why are you telling me to hush, and not the others who already have a presumption of guilt?
&gt; the reasons are to include all Canadians Yet they kept the word "God" in there despite the fact * 23.9% of Canadians have no religious affiliation * 47% of Canadians believe religion does more harm in the world than good * up to 30% don't believe in god https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irreligion_in_Canada
70% means all Canadians? Because you said: &gt; the reasons are to include ***all*** Canadians
As an atheist, it's not nit picking.
And it's hypocritical. She doesn't need to accept any responsibility for her actions because she was drunk, yet the three guys have to, even though they were drunk? We can go around in these circles all day. If you get drunk, and tell another drunk person it's okay to have sex, but then change your mind when you are sober, I don't accept that as sexual assault. How often have people gotten tattoos or married in Vegas while drunk? Do they seek legal action against the tattoo artist or chapel manager for not getting sober consent?
So them having sex with her is sexual assault because she was drunk is sexual assault. Yet her having sex with them when they were drunk isn't sexual assault? If they were all drunk, then she is as guilty as the men for sexual assault if she was a willing participant during it all.
That has to play out in court. Unfortunately it's he said/she said. It's one of the reasons the conviction rate for sexual assault cases isn't very high. Does it suck? Yes it does.
&gt; if they start taking this thing more seriously, from a punishment standpoint – people will inevitably start being more careful behind the wheel. No they won't. Severity of punishment doesn't deter crime. Mountains of evidence and history prove this.
http://www.newswise.com/articles/study-confirms-that-harsher-penalties-dont-reduce-crime http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5 http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; At this point, we think it is fair to say that we know of no reputable criminologist who has looked carefully at the overall body of research literature on “deterrence through sentencing” who believes that crime rates will be reduced, through deterrence, by raising the severity of sentences handed down in criminal courts. Every few months I past these links in response to the harsher penalty argument. Google "harsh penalties deterrent"
If you want a deterrent in regards to traffic safety, escalating to criminal charges won't help. Legal sanctions, like points, fines, and licence suspension do have an effect though. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24571252 Bringing criminal charges would be a waste of time and resources.
What makes this case "historic"? Historic means "famous or important in history, or potentially so". I see nothing of the sort with this article.
Read the article. The sigh doesn't say "Chinese only". The sign is printed in Chinese, with no English.
The sign says: 3 Road Wholesale Food Centre Careers *manager *purchasing manager *operations manager (know POS) if interested, please call 778-885-3630 (hourly students?) &lt; couldn't translate that email resume to timngcan@shaw.ca
For those interesting, the sign says 3 Road Wholesale Food Centre Careers *manager *purchasing manager *operations manager (know POS) if interested, please call 778-885-3630 (hourly students?) &lt; couldn't translate that email resume to timngcan@shaw.ca
Everything has happened in the past. For a media organization, it's a misuse of the word.
Good riddance? Millard is a psychopath, and he will be out in 15-25 years. We aren't done with him yet. EDIT: Minimum 25 years, potentially incarcerated for the rest of his life.
Don't Editorialize submission titles
Anything language and communication related was entirely made up in the first place which very little rational besides "I prefer it that way."
He can't be classified as a dangerous offender with a 1st degree murder conviction.
This is why people need life insurance.
&gt; Sex offenders pose a serious risk to public safety, the safety of our children, etc. So do really bad drivers. &gt; The public has a need to know who they are and what they look like. Sure. Then bad drivers should be required to have some sort of indicator on their vehicle to show they are dangerous. &gt; They probably chose not to name the driver so people like you couldn't go on a crusade against her. But it's okay to go on crusades against sex offenders?
They are still human. Humans with a serious mental illness that need help. We don't help others by treating them like animals.
If the woman who was driving the car lived in my neighbourhood, I would want to know. My kids play on the street all the time. They ride their bikes. If there is a dangerous driver in the neighbourhood, why shouldn't I have the right to know who it is?
I said nothing of the sort. Your statements are disingenuous. OP wasn't white knighting anything. He's pointing out the hypocrisy of the system. We treat sex offenders like animals, yet give a pass to someone who mows down and kills pedestrians. *Accused* sex offenders have their details splashed all over the media. Not convicted. Accused. Meanwhile someone who absolutely caused the death of another person, either through accident, negligence, or malicious intent, has her identity protected. I can say absolutely that someone who cannot control their vehicle is more of a danger in my neighbourhood than an accused sex offender.
You need to read more.
&gt; I guess part of me is just afraid that him and his ex had such a long history, that maybe there's a chance that, though divorced, they could end up back together. Alternatively, his ex may be a little crazy, and he may be trying to avoid triggering her. Does he have kids? If he has kids, dating someone new is an *extremely* sensitive subject.
Thankfully there is enough evidence on my side to make her story sound like the absolute bullshit lie that it is.
She's screwed herself. Instead of seeking a proper legal motion requesting exclusive possession of the apartment (what she really wanted), she blindsided everyone (including her own lawyer!) with this move. Now she can never come back into the apartment because I'm a "safety concern". Thanks for handing the apartment over to me!
I was already in front of a judge. Since the children are in no immediate danger, we have to serve my STBX's lawyer with the motion so they may be heard in court. That won't happen for another week! I'll sit alone in our apartment for the next eight days. Our children, who should be in their own beds here, will be sleeping in a shelter for women who actually *need* to escape abuse. My STBX is stealing resources from those who actually need it.
Everything is crumbling around her. She made the stupid movie of using the abduction as a leveraging tool to make me agree to a completely unrealistic access schedule - and she put it in writing in an email! Yes, your honour, my STBX took our children and kept them from me as leverage.
At this point, I'll be pushing for her to have minimal access due to a fear of possible taking them again (hey, she's done it once!), and parental alienation (daddy is unsafe!).
&gt; her unhappiness was emotional abuse (from what I understand) My STBX said the same thing. After this, she'll never set foot into this apartment again without a lawyer or police officer.
Get a digital voice recorder, and have it always running.
If you take the time to educate yourself, family law can be very straightforward. The people who pay thousands of dollars to lawyers have way more money than sense.
If you take the time to educate yourself, family law can be very straightforward. The people who pay thousands of dollars to lawyers have way more money than sense.
Don't settle for anything less than 50% access. Your children have the right to have equal access time with both their mother and their father. Open a spreadsheet document and start planning various access plans that result in time divided equally between the two of you.
Do you mean custody or access? They mean two different things. I'm seeking 100% custody, with shared/equal access. My STBXW has show over and over again a general inability to make decisions in the best interest of our children, and she has a huge disrespect for me as their father. If I want to be actively involved in the upbringing of our children, I have to have legally protected custody.
&gt; She keeps triggering me You need to learn how to control your own emotions. Don't blame others for your own shortcomings.
&gt; My ex...steals mail Get a PO Box. Change all your mail to go to that box. Make sure it's in a location that is very public, easily accessible, well lit, with security cameras. There are lots of resources for abused women looking to escape. Keep looking.
Child support, no, but yes to spousal and costs.
Don't do this. It means that your ex can still get under your skin, he can poke the bear, which means he has some kind of control over you. If there is zero need for future communication ever again, ignore and block all communications.
Where do you live?
&gt; Divorced men of reddit: what moment with your former wife made me think "Yup, I'm asking this girl to divorce me."? I actually knew I was going to separate from my wife a year or two before we actually separated. She had it in her head that for any problem, blame had to be put on someone. And if I didn't accept the blame, it meant that I was blaming her. One of her favourite phrases was "It's not my fault". I'm the kind of person who tries to think of solutions first, not blame or fault. She could never get past the blame/fault part, so never thought of constructive solutions. I liked to talk through scenarios, play devil's advocate, try to see the various angles. She viewed these conversations as personal attacks. She always complained that I wouldn't talk with her, have regular conversations. Yet every time I tried, it would spiral into some weird negative, worst case scenario for her. She could never make a decision to save her life. Last year, it reached a tipping point. I couldn't take it anymore. We went to marriage counselling. Over and over I told her I don't want to make all her decisions for her. I don't want to have to validate her decisions either. I wanted her to be an independent person who didn't need to lean on me so much. So what did she do? Found others to lean on, and they started whispering in her ear, which lead to our separation. And I still see the effect it has on her. She has a new guy in her life. She has her divorced friends. They don't have any personal stake in her life, so they have no problem giving her bad advice without any for-thought. We'll see how the next chapter plays out in court on Friday.
It allows others to frame their responses or understand your situation more. It also helps others in the future who may read through these threads.
Ah! Greeting from across the pond!
The quality of posts in this sub is mind blowing.
You need DEP. Do NOT purchase your iPads from anyone who doesn't explicitly support DEP. Google "Apple IOS DEP" for a ton of information.
It depends on how old you are. Many people will tell you to stay out of it. I imagine you love your parents. If it is true that your mom would make false accusations against your dad, you do have to step up and be the voice of sanity. Your mom won't listen to your dad, but she may listen to you. My two children are way too young to get involved in my separation. Back in November, our separation started amicably. Then people started whispering into my STBXW's ear. First round of paperwork, she fabricated a huge pile of lies in an attempt to get me out of the apartment and give her majority control over custody and access. Her plan failed. So then she escalated things. She abducted our children, hid them in a shelter, and started to claim "abuse" against her. Well, unfortunately for her, all her claims were backed by zero actual evidence, so that plan failed as well. A month ago, she escalated things to "child safety". Her stories keep changing, and her lies keep getting more ridiculous. We are heading into court tomorrow for motions on some major key issues. And then yesterday, new paperwork arrived, and my STBXW is now upping the ante with allegations that border on sexual abuse of our children while they are in my care. If she loses in court tomorrow, I have no doubt she will try to escalate things with full-blown accusations of sexual abuse. It is all making me physically sick. I could sleep last night. Every time I think of how things could potentially play out in court tomorrow, I start to cry. I have a very strong case, but it is still another person, the judge, deciding the future of my relationship with our children. Be prepared to be the voice of reason, and support the truth.
Where do you live? How old is your son? In some places (like Ontario, Canada), as the child grows older, what the parent wants becomes less relevant, and what the child does is more important. When a kid turns 14yo, there isn't a whole lot you can do to "force" him to live where he doesn't want when he has two parents living apart. Continue being the best parent you can be. Anything you do, consider how it will look in the eyes of a child care worker. &gt; I blocked my ex on my phone Don't do this. I know you have reasons for it, but you want to have that line of communication open. What if your son was with dad, and your son was in an accident. Dad is trying to contact you to get down to the hospital, but you've blocked him. That's worst case scenario, but things like that do happen.
Where do you live? If some places (like Ontario, Canada), it doesn't matter who's name is on the lease if you are fully and legally married. You have full occupancy rights to that apartment, and your wife can't do anything about it. Check with a lawyer. If you are legally allowed to be living in that apartment, get an audio recorder, and move back in. Always have it recording (to protect yourself against false allegations). She will get sick of you and move out eventually.
&gt; Dad since age 24, raised catholic, still practicing and has had homosexual feelings since college and he being treated for sex addiction Your father is essentially at inner conflict with himself. Since the two parts are not compatible with each other, he has to get rid of one of them. Getting rid of her hardcoded sexuality is impossible. His Catholic beliefs are what are causing him the problems. He needs to go through Catholic de-conversion. It definitely isn't an easy process. I wish him luck.
Never, ever sign anything unless you understand the long term implications of it. Most of the time, you need to consult with a lawyer on these issues. Don't let him bully you. Proceed slowly and with caution.
Check with your local laws. Move back into your house NOW if you are legally allowed to. If I had to guess, your wife got bored, and found someone new and exciting on the side. Here is my defacto pile of advice: https://www.reddit.com/r/Divorce/comments/5z1y1k/13_years_together_11_years_married_3_boys/deuo0nh/
Not necessarily true. A sudden change in family structure can be emotionally and psychologically damaging and painful for children. In many places there is case law that supports the notion of keeping new partners away from the children until the separation is more permanent and stable. I've already brought it up in court here (Ontario, Canada), and the judge agreed about how quickly my EX was willing to bring her new "friend" into our kid's lives was way too fast.
Find a lawyer as close to the court as possible. You will pay for travel time. Since you are the dad, a man, you need to find a divorce attorney who has experience *and success* representing dads/men. There is a huge difference between how the system treats men vs women, dads vs moms. I would *strongly* recommend doing as much homework as possible. Understand the law, procedures, practices, etc. If you dump everything on your lawyer, you are going to be way less successful. Family Law is NOT about the black and white laws printed on paper. It is rife with emotion. Very few judges will do everything "by the book" when children are involved. Don't expect to ever benefit from the other side being late to file or missing paperwork. Judges in family law will always allow time extensions in these cases (unless it becomes an apparent stalling tactic). See if you can find a local support group for dads going through divorce. You can learn a lot from the experiences of others. Going forward, everything you put on paper, write in an email, key into a cellphone text...look at it through the eyes of a child support care worker and a social worker at an abuse shelter. Enlist a friend to help if possible. Get them to vet your material. Your STBXW and her lawyer will try to use anything and everything to prove you are absolute scum, and most likely emotionally and psychological (possibly verbal, and sometimes physically) abusive. "Abuse" is the fallback tactic many women use to get what they want in a divorce. Your public emotions going forward - sadness, humbleness, humility. Feelings of anger, rage, anything like that, need to be vented in private. One of the fastest ways to lose in court is to become anger. Sometimes sad frustration works well. You will need to determine the possibility of presenting your case yourself in court. If you sit there and let a lawyer represent you, you are just "the dad, a man" hiding behind a lawyer. If you are able remain humble while being coherent while speaking, you will come across more as "a loving father". Those things matter in court. You can still have a lawyer by your side to help you, but speak if you can.
It depends on how you spin it. You are correct, "morality" clauses rarely succeed. Yet people keep trying it over and over again, but fail. Spinning it as "emotionally and psychologically damaging and painful for children" gives it more weight.
&gt; How can I tell her I want out without causing any problems and making it all about what's wrong with them? Give up on that fantasy now. Separation and divorce is rarely ever easy. &gt; My space is now limited I spend over 90% of my time in the bed room because it's awkward being there. What makes it awkward? &gt; No one knows how to clean up after themselves and I find myself being the housekeeper. You are an adult. The kids are...well...kids. If they don't clean up after themselves, they need to be educated by an adult. You need to get your wife onside with this. If she is a slob too, she needs to own up to it. You probably know of the stereotypical "nagging wife" people always joke about. It sounds like that person may have to be you. Get the place cleaned up, and then nag them every time they drop a piece of clothing or leave dirty dishes on the counter. Take control of the place. If your wife has a problem with it, I would straight up tell her "Hey, this is me. I can't live in a place that is a mess. Simple things like cleaning shouldn't be an issue." A lot of the time people will freak out because of control issues. If you take control of the place, she may view it as she is losing control. Get her on your side. She may already feel she's lost control of the place with her children. If it all seems overwhelming, you kind hide from the problem in your bedroom. Start a "job jar" to get little things done around the place. Chip away at the problem bit by bit. Don't look at things like "what's wrong with them?". Look at it as they just don't know. They just don't understand. Empathize with them, and show them a better way.
I can't even look at my STBXW, as she is a reminder of of the woman she once was. I still love the woman who was my wife. Unfortunately, I lost that woman almost a year ago.
