You can do either. I'd just buy it a the station and use the $8 you get on it to start - then register it online at http://www.smartrip.com (only one T) and you can set it to auto reload every so often.
You'd think they have Internet or something.
I just graduated 6 months ago and made $90k right out of school. I don't see what's so difficult.
I don't think you realize how much trains cost to run. MARC has been operating at a huge loss for years, which is why they started charging surcharges for WV users since they weren't even getting tax money from those riders. Now the tax money they do get from Marylanders isn't cutting it, so yeah, fare increase. At least it's not Metro which jacks it up every year for continuously shitty service. I've always found MARC to be pretty decent and the only issues I've ever had with them are really CSX's fault.
&gt;I'm pretty sure Netflix will lose a big portion of it's subscribers if they do put ads in. This sounds familiar. Remember when they wanted to charge double if you wanted streaming *and* DVDs? They had call centers set up specifically *for* cancellation and weren't even trying to retain customers. Everyone canceled in droves and they *did not care.* They're still successful. They still will be if they put ads in too.
Dickie's wasn't bad for being a chain.
&gt;The landlord CBRE, the monarchs of Clarendon. They're the devil. They don't even fix shit when it breaks.
I've long found that each Arlington borough is reasonably dominated by one landowner/developer that either bought this early on while it was all still farms or bought/inherited it from someone who did the former. CBRE runs almost all of Clarendon, Monday Properties runs almost all of Rosslyn, Vornado Charles E. Smith runs almost all of Crystal City... I'm pretty sure that's where these BIDs come from that host these movie nights, etc. I don't have a source to back it up but it just reeks of that developer trying to drag people into *"their"* borough to spend money at *"their"* lessee's businesses... they're treating the County basically like a bunch of giant malls.
I've primarily used the Brunswick line and I think have rode the others only once each, so the only thing I can qualify those for is that the Penn line usually gets nicer/newer trains... the Brunswick line gets some old ass cars (I rode one with literally just benches once, no plush seat covers, it was like being in church) but I've never experienced engine failure (though I have heard stories). I've only ever experienced delays because there was a freight train slowly working through the block and since it's all CSX's right-of-way, MARC gets second priority and has no choice but to wait. On your note about the one engine always breaking down, this reminds me of my university's bus system - the buses were constantly in the shop for something because they were 15 years old and had easily a half-million miles on them. The university would never buy a new one for $400k because it was only $30k to fix it...even after the 15 fixes it would take to show that buying a new one was cheaper, it came down to this: the "buying new shit" budget and "cost of doing business" budget were not only two different buckets, but run by two very different departments. Buses breaking down was a cost of doing business and they kept handing out blank checks. Buying a new bus? Fuck that we don't have that kind of money! If my private university did that, there's not a doubt in my mind the MTA does it even worse.
It is. My company only gives me $100/month and it's piling up...I have over $700 on my SmarTrip at this point just because I never even use that much to get there.
Is there a fucking store somewhere where people buy those donuts? I'm perplexed when I see cars with all 4 tires as spares. Your car only comes with one!
Refresh - this was just redacted.
/r/politics is full of people who have no prospects and no jobs because they're the typical Redditor - a neck beard who likes cats and has zero marketable skills and probably zero social skills. They complain because they just lack the impetus to get out there and invest the effort to get a good job or a good education…they would rather be lazy and are jealous of those of us who are successful. TL;DR don't listen to them. I feel like they represent a very small portion of liberals, which is why they're all touting Bernie Sanders and Hilary will still, unfortunately, win the primaries by a landslide.
I use my PayPal to pay for something like once a year now. With Stripe and all of the other easier and simpler payment gateways out there, the need to use PayPal is dwindling. I don't even shop on eBay anymore.
FYI the Department of the Interior oversees the National Park Service, etc.
Voted.
For cutting funding from an organization that overpays employees who do very little. Yeah, fuck fiscal responsibility.
&gt; Decreasing funding for any product usually improves quality and responsiveness. It should. Fix your shit, or get cut again until you've got nothing left. If you want money, do it right.
&gt;Perfect, this will definitely help us stop all those metro fires and metro doors opening while trains are in service. No, what will help that is not hiring exclusively out of PG and/or the area jails.
That's only about $1k a year, so yeah, I could probably cut back on iTunes purchases. But if I were performing as poorly as Metro, I'd be surprised to be getting paid at all.
Incorrect. I live in DC which is way above the national average for pay and cost of living, and carriers here get 50k.
I'm not going to go hunting for the article, but there was a WaPo article a while back that showed with overtime pay, a lot of these operators were getting around $80,000. That's upper-middle pay for a desk job in this area. An industrial job where you push a lever, open and close doors, and mumble station names doesn't warrant the same amount of pay and yes, only deserves maybe in the neighborhood of $40,000. I wouldn't mind it so much if they weren't such insufferable people. I've yet to meet a pleasant Metro employee besides the cheery guy on the Orange Line who actually enunciates. The rest of them mumble into the speaker, and most of the station managers give you attitude whenever you ask them to do anything that involves getting up out of the chair.
Let's assume that someone rides *just* minimum fare (your average 'poor' you're martyring probably goes a bit farther than that) every day of the month (I'll include weekends because some people also use Metro for recreational functions). That's $2.10x2x20 for rush on workdays and $1.75x2x10 for the rest = about $119/month *at minimum.* My car lease is $99, my insurance is $50, and gas is about $50 a month too for a total of $200. Not only is that not much more than the above calculations, but also your average Metro rider probably has their transit subsidized OR is spending at least $200/month because they're going farther than the minimum fare I generously used in my example. I'm not saying everyone should get a car, but I'm not going to have some hippie tell me that getting a vehicle is too expensive. It's fucking cheap if you're not an idiot.
Sure. Driving a bus honestly looks like fun. I like driving big vehicles. I'm moving a 1-bedroom apartment next week and reserved a 30-foot UHaul just because. As far as the "not so good parts of DC," maybe if they quit being such pansies about firearms and I could protect myself.
&gt;I checked out the Metro job posting &gt;I did not look at WMATA listings Metro and WMATA are one in the same, especially on their jobs site.
&gt;No. It would require ~~infrastructure spending, which would require taxes or outside investment~~ the Board of Supervisors to not be fucking corrupt. Good luck with that. FTFY
&gt; FWIW I wouldn't mind [...] higher taxes I would. My Cox is fine. I shouldn't be paying higher taxes so other people can get what they want.
&gt;For a lot of people, $80 extra is a *lot* of money. Well, don't work for McDonalds. &gt;what do you think is going to happen to the already ridiculously congested traffic in DC? Considering the people we are talking about are the people who work retail or food service, they don't work your typical 9-5 and therefore won't experience rush hour. &gt;don't try and dismiss me as "some hippie" Anyone who sits here and whines about how poor people will be affected is a hippie. Poor people are poor by their own volition. If they dislike the consequences that come with that, maybe they should have paid attention in school/stayed away from drugs/stayed away from gambling/or the opposite of the 900 *choices* people make that make them poor.
I was just making a point, asshole. Fuck you, you were at 0 and I gave you an upvote because of a simple human error, but if you want to be a dick about it, fine.
There are a lot of roads in Virginia that showcase how eminent domain didn't get them far. Do you think the onramp to 7 East from the Leesburg Bypass is jacked at a 90 degree angle because they didn't feel like buying up *Public Storage*? With enough bitching and lobbying, they'll leave you be.
&gt; Your speeding laws are no fucking joke. Can confirm. Roommate spent a night in jail because he was doing 99 on 66. Or maybe he was doing 66 on 99 and I just read it upside down. Maybe he was arrested for obstructing traffic.
&gt; So if a hospital buys saline for $5 they can't charge $500 for it. The feds wouldn't pay it. You have a lot of faith in the United States government. When signing up for a conference, they were given the option of $200 per person if they joined the "society" for $100/year; or $400 per person as non members. You could cancel the membership literally the next day and still get the discounted rate. That $100 savings was too much for their brains to process so they just paid $400 per person.
This was out in Front Royal.
It's more likely that a Walmart employee typed the wrong amount on the label printer. It's probably $9.98 and the 9 button got stuck, and they didn't catch it while labeling 500 games.
All of PA is an armpit.
From Maryland? On the Green Line? Say it ain't so!
If you dispute *any* Uber charge, they cancel your account. To them, your business isn't worth it if you're going to question their authority, and rather than argue with your credit card issuer, they're just going to write it off as a bad debt and move on to their other millions of dollars in revenue.
&gt; my American Express card. They're hard hitters when it comes to dispute resolution **They most certainly are not.** Priceline scammed me on a hotel - I requested a 4-star hotel in SF and got thrown into the ghetto in a shitty hotel that was actually falling apart, that was maybe 4-stars a decade earlier but certainly not now...I disputed it, and AmEx said "oh well Priceline says no refunds so you're SOL." They weren't interested in my argument that despite that policy, they had defrauded the quality of the hotel...TL;DR I ended up taking AmEx to court on the grounds that they were complicit in the fraud by backing Priceline up, and won.
I've only disputed once with them and they threw me under the bus hard. I won out in the end by taking it up in Fairfax County court. Did you move out of /r/washingtondc?
Anybody with your credit card number can do that. Most just don't because they have this thing called "business ethics," which Uber seems to lack. I drove for Uber for 2 weeks before I realized the whole thing was a set up. That $1 million of insurance they claim is on every ride? The insured name is Rasier LLC, a shell company owned by Uber which has no assets and isn't regsitered to do business in anywhere but Delaware (which to their credit, a lot of businesses do that). But the point is, only this LLC is insured, not you. And if someone tries to sue the LLC for damages, the judgment will be worthless because there are no assets to liquidate. It's all evil genius and only borderline legal.
Nope. I'm the chief of getting businesses to give me free shit when they fuck up. Uber won't. Uber will gladly cancel your account in the face of "you fucked up and I don't want to use you again unless I have an incentive."
Print this out and send it to the President/CEO. He'll be gone in a week.
&gt; I don't send food back ever (even completely wrong orders, I just eat it) Way off topic...I get the whole "customer isn't always right" ideology but I mean if you ordered something you should probably get what you asked for...there's nothing wrong with asking for the right food. If you berate the waiter and expect a free meal that's when you're crossing lines.
I've disputed Uber charges before. This is legitimately how they act. The fact that you don't believe me is simply not my problem. Edit: It appears there's confusion about the usage of the word "dispute." I'm referring to a formal dispute with a credit card issuer, which on a forum with intelligent people who know anything about personal finance *should* be clear. But now your remarks make more sense if you thought I meant dispute in the sense of arguing with Uber support. You still responded like a douche, though, so go die.
That's what I meant - with the CC company. They won't even respond. They'll just shut your account off and move on.
I think part of this is attributed to the fact that there are multiple ways to get somewhere, and people will get bitchy if you don't take the quickest way. From DC to Tysons Corner, VA, you can take either I-66 or the GW Parkway. Around here, when they say "how do you get there" that's usually just their broken English way of asking the preference because if they assume and are wrong, you'll make a stink about them longhauling you or something (different times of day, these roads have different traffic patterns). That said, what irritates the shit out of me is the app is almost always wrong about my location on the pin (Even though my blue dot is generally correct so I know my phone knows where I am); so I have to call and give the driver the new cross-street and they get confused, even in a city where east-west is numbers and north-south is letters. What Uber needs is people who are familiar with the city somewhat WITHOUT the GPS.
This gets dicey in the DC area because the app always suggests taking toll roads, and I've only been in one Uber that actually has an EZPass. The one time we actually had to get on the toll road, he stopped and paid cash. It's so silly.
Here's the thing. Uber had to try hard to be great to get the people on their side because they were new. They got the people to fight for their great service in the districts in which it was being challenged by taxi unions. Now Uber is preferential to most cabs and the cabs are losing business...Uber has won. They don't need the people anymore. They've now outsourced their support and will treat you like shit, because they're cheaper and even with shit support still better than a cab, so they know you'll still use them. The only people they can lose to is Lyft which kinda sucks because you have to tip.
What /u/0x16a0 said. Should dispute that shit...but if it was around Christmas, you've probably missed the window.
Yea, the taxi service won't charge a cleaning fee, because the taxi already smells like halal food and has an incompetent driver at a much higher fee who is generally unprofessional and yapping in another language on his Bluetooth the whole time. Uber might have shitty customer service but compared to any of these worthless unionized cabbies, I'll still use Uber.
I had a dash cam when I drove for Uber for a couple of weeks, but I turned it around to face inside. It made one or two people uncomfortable but in a city where firearms are a no-go, I told them it was for my safety and if they didn't like it they could get out. The one thing Uber is cool about with their drivers is that they acknowledge that it's your damn car and at the end of the day you can tell people to get out of it whenever.
Taxi drivers in my city are smelly, unprofessional, more expensive, and loudly chatter on their cell phones. I'd rather use Uber.
I feel like if a driver does it often, he'd be called into question. If it's infrequent, they probably side with the driver.
I don't like to abuse this, so I only do it when my options with the management and the BBB and all that are exhausted, but I've found that if you take them to small claims court for stuff like this, even if you have a "you can't sue us" rider in your contract with them, anything less than $1k they will generally just settle out of court. At least for AmEx, their legal offices were in Miami. When I sued them in Virginia for $300, they knew they'd lose money on the flight alone, much less one hour of their time sitting in court. It just wasn't worth it unless I was suing them for tens of thousands of dollars.
That basically was it. I just skimmed out the boring parts. I couldn't get service on Priceline because they pretty much only exist in Delaware, and as an online-only vendor, they're able to dance around the state laws that require you to register as a business in their state - even if you don't have a building there - if you get "substantial" revenue from those citizens. (e.g. Even though Reddit sells Reddit Gold easily to all 50 states, they're probably not registered to do business anywhere besides CA.) However, American Express, which gives tangible cards to its cardmembers and terminals to its merchants and derives substantial revenue from people here in Virginia, has to be registered. They don't have an office here, which is where a "registered agent" comes in - someone to get your business mail. There's a company called CT Corporation System and that's literally all they do. They have a very small office in Richmond and get crates upon crates of mail for basically every big brand you've ever heard of. AmEx refused to use their dispute resolution system to recoup my funds from Priceline - giving me form letters each time saying "well Priceline says no refunds" and blatantly ignoring what I said about how you can't sell me a refrigerator and say "no refunds" and then give me a toaster and win. What I got was very different from what was described in the policy, but AmEx didn't care. Worse yet, they sent me a letter saying "we consider this matter closed and won't respond further." **I hate that.** It's a thinly-veiled disrespectful way of saying we're tired of arguing and you can go fuck yourself. So, I sued American Express and had service brought against CT Corporation System. By law, they have to forward my summons to corporate who then forwards it to the legal department in Florida. Since the claim amount was $240 plus $75 or so in court costs, they realized that $315 wasn't even worth the flight up here, much less whatever the attorney would charge per hour to fight me. Quite frankly, I'm certain most companies of such a size probably budget out settlement costs for lawsuits that aren't worth their time to fight. They technically settled out of court which means they aren't admitting wrongdoing, but I still count it as a win. They tried to fuck me over, didn't realize who they were dealing with, and ultimately paid $75 more than they would have if they had just taken care of it to begin with.
There are numerous companies that got big and popular for great customer service and business ethics and have stayed that way to this day. Chick-fil-A, Harris Teeter, Apple (at least at the retail level), Navy Federal Credit Union, the list goes on. They're successful and keep gaining customers because they treat people right and own up to their fuckups when they happen because hey, we're all human. Meanwhile, Wells Fargo, Dell, McDonalds, etc. are starting to hurt a little and lose customers because they treat people like shit, have bad customer service, etc. - only a little, because people are still willing to pay less for shit service, but at least in my area (DC), there's a shift and people are willing to pay more for better service and the shitty businesses are starting to close up shop.
I think Uber has virtual checkpoints on their map for the gates because they do appear on the receipt even when the driver had to pay cash. I think they know what the toll is at that gate and the system is programmed to see that we crossed that line and thus paid a toll. I don't carry cash, so if the driver doesn't have an EZPass and he doesn't have cash either, we're going through it and he's gonna be paying $25 in a missed toll fine...it's not my fault he doesn't have a free tool that every driver in the region should have. That being said, we also have HOT lanes in this area where the tolls actually dynamically change based on traffic conditions. I have no idea how Uber would gauge that without the driver emailing in and asking to add it to the bill. There's no way for Uber to know what the toll was at any given time because even an accident in the middle of the day can drive the rates up. EDIT: Just realized I wrote a whole paragraph trying to explain dynamic tolling when I could've just said it's basically Uber surge for toll roads.
My money back. It was a $240 charge I was disputing. I had to pay $75 in court costs to file the case and have them served, and they had to pay that too. I hope there's now a note on my profile that says just to resolve my shit when I call in the first time, because they ultimately spent $75 more than they had to, if they would've just fixed it the first time.
Just because I've seen you there before and then I saw you here. Small world.
&gt;Halal food does not have its own "smell" I really don't care. Middle Eastern food smells. &gt;Also, anywhere you go you will not always get great customer service. Yes I will. If I get bad customer service at a place once, they've lost my business. To date, with the exception of those first impression visits, I only shop at places that have historically given me good customer service. That's why, despite several company policies I disagree with, I'll bank with Navy Federal until I die. 3 years and no one's ever dared to not smile when I walk in.
I don't think I've seen a single UberX driver with one yet. The only one I know I saw was when I took an UberSUV - he had one, but he was also a professional driver for Reston Limousine on the side, so I imagine it was a company transponder because he wasn't just using it for Uber.
And they talked themselves out of thousands of dollars in fares. That's fine with me.
Nope, this thread hit /r/bestof.
How did they force the laid-off workers to train the replacements? If I've just received notice that I'm being fired, I'm not sticking around to do shit. The only exception I could see is that maybe they were given one month's notice and during that time had to train - personally, I'd rather lose a month's pay than lose my dignity, but I know some can't be in that same position.
I live in Tysons :) Close enough. /r/nova is a little slow sometimes.
Not really significant - there's rarely anyone using the cash lanes because everyone has an EZPass - but it would have been nice to just blast through rather than having to stop at all.
Start to finish, from me first launching the dispute, about 5 months - I booked the hotel in January and found out immediately afterwards that it was not as described. They actually just settled about a week ago, which is why I'm still somewhat freshly bitter about the whole ordeal. A little contrary to /u/powerful_cat_broker 's post, I did actually appear once because I couldn't get service on them at first because even they operate under a shell company. I asked the judge to allow me to amend the summons and put it back out there and he was cool with it. It's small claims court, so attorneys are 100% not allowed. If AmEx did choose to show up, they'd have to remove the case to general district court where an attorney could appear on their behalf; but that would ultimately cost them more time and money than just cutting me a check. So in their mind, they may think they're in the right and were just being practical, but to me, I count it as a win. TL;DR yes I represented myself but small claims is really simple to learn. There's very little lingo you have to know and you learn half of it from the clerks when you file and the other half from just sitting in the court room and watching everyone else do it.
I find that hard to believe since you neglected to actually disprove any of the statements, nor do you have any documentation. If I felt like arguing with a typical argumentative Reddit basement dweller, I'd dig through my email and find the insurance paperwork from James River and the LLC filing in my state for Rasier to show you. And LLCs were created for the sole purpose of not being able to be sued for anything besides their assets. You clearly know nothing about business administration or the law, and this will be the end of our interaction until you get higher than a fourth grade education. Good night.
Yeah but this one was $60 and all I had to do was turn it around. I saved $40! :P
I dunno man. In VA, I once called an Uber and he took some crazy back roads I'd never seen before and I got there in half the time and for half the fare because it was shorter in both time and distance. To his credit, he had been a cab driver for the town for a while, so he was pretty exclusive to the area. I swear some of the other Uber drivers are being shot out of a cannon straight from Malaysia and couldn't tell you which way up was.
There used to be discounts for EZPass users here, but not anymore. There's only one toll road that is privately owned that still gives a small discount, but it's a few miles outside of Uber's service area.
&gt;An LLC does not have to be incorporated in every state in which they do business. In most states, they have to be registered if they do any actual tangible business within that state. This is the law in VA (§ 13.1-757) as well as a handful of other states. You can be incorporated from a foreign state but must be registered with a registered agent within the state. If you don't understand this, your business is probably also one of the thousands that is not operating legally. People do it every day, even huge companies - doesn't make it right.
&gt; They are TWO SEPARATE THINGS. No shit. That's why in the initial post I said "registered to do business." Clearly, you just can't read. &gt;Businesses incorporate not because they need to in order to do business. Didn't say they did. Literacy is a great thing. &gt; You simply must have a registered agent on file - and most will have that agent located in the area in which they incorporated. That must be why they always use the CT Corporation System within that respective state. Why just list an agent from HQ when we can pay these guys a million bucks to be local? Oh, because *that's the fucking law.* In VA, you can't be registered to do business or incorporated here if you don't have a notice of process within the Commonwealth. My dad's MD real estate firm always used my grandfather's address because he lived just across the border.
&gt; ARLINGTON IS A BULLSHIT CULTURELESS HELLHOLE OF COPORATE FUCKHEAD DOUCHE PREPS. We prefer "people who have jobs and prospects in life and don't smoke weed all day"
They're raising cigarette taxes. Good. It's a sin tax. I don't care *who* buys cigarettes, low-income or not. You shouldn't be buying them at all, so if the state wants to drive extra revenue by punishing those who purchase them, go for it.
I agree. I'd certainly start eating healthier if my McDouble was going to cost twice as much. That said, if I'm standing outside Target eating my McDouble, the smell probably doesn't bother nearly as many people as secondhand smoke does. It's a disgusting habit and, in my experience, most of the people who indulge in it don't offer anything worthwhile to society. It should be treated like alcohol and recreational marijuana: do it in the privacy of your home or a store licensed to serve it. Not on the street looking like the low-income piece of shit you are.
&gt;but I dont think its fair to target one group of citizens I work for a company where only the kids right out of college make less than six figures. The smoking area is always very busy.
Oh but they are. FYI these douche corporate preps pay into the welfare system that keeps you fed while you "find yourself." Hippie.
At least I can pay my bills without having to eat ramen to get by.
Sure. Why not? Do only poor people drink soda or something?
If they weren't successful, they wouldn't have money to be running ads.
No. She'll win. She's 40 and some change points ahead and the average American voter is an idiot. Bernie stands no chance, and anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional. Not pro-Hillary, but I am pro-realistic expectations.
No. "Average American" = "Idiot." Can't you read? Oh. You must be one of them.
No, it's the classic "I clearly stated what I said and you missed it with your illiteracy, so you must be an idiot" argument.
&gt;we're questioning you &gt;... &gt;which is why /u/hayclaylaybaymaysay and I questioned your logic. I didn't see you question anything. All you did was make a sarcastic remark. Questions typically have a question mark at the end and actually make an inquiry, rather than a snide remark about how "classic" my argument is. You gave a condescending comment, so you got a condescending comment back. Remember that, in the future. This will be the one and only time I'll give you a pass and we'll just assume you asked a question rationally. &gt;you provide no clear reason why they're idiots They're impressionable and will vote exactly how the media tells them. Fox News is rooting for Jeb and MSNBC is rooting for Hillary. The impressionable people who watch these channels (most of America) will vote based on how those channels spin the campaigns/focus on a particular candidate. Neither Rand nor Bernie stand a chance simply because of the lack of mass media coverage they get off of Reddit, and the RCP polls show it. Reddit's intellectuals have spent the last two weeks accurately outlining why Hillary is a terrible candidate and how the Clintons are corrupt - and yet, she's still leading by a landslide. Nancy Grace broke the Casey Anthony story and everyone hated her and determined she was guilty from their living rooms (and rioted when she a jury found the opposite) *because the TV said so.* Zimmerman shot Trayvon and the former was automatically guilty *because TV said so,* the Baltimore cops are all guilty *because TV said so* (despite prosecutorial misconduct which no main channel is reporting) and so on and so forth. Every day, impressionable Americans - even those who are college-educated and upper-middle-class - make decisions about politics and criminal justice based solely on information they are given by an *organization that exists solely to twist information for favorable ratings.* And those people elect your president every year. Furthermore, minorities will vote within their own ranks: how many people do you think voted for Obama simply because they wanted a black President and Cain was too crazy? The same will happen for Hillary because they want a woman in office and Fiorina's too crazy. I met a girl last week at the Congressional baseball game who was chanting about how she was ready for Hillary. I asked her why she liked Hillary so much, and her answer was that she just hated Republicans and Hillary was a woman. She knew nothing of Hillary's policies, history or background. Just that she had a vagina and (D) next to her name. Not too long ago at work another girl at work was all pro-Hillary and I asked her why she was set on Clinton -- she, too, hated Republians, and "Hillary's the only Democrat running." This was well after Bernie's announcement. I'm sure you'll tell me that these people aren't representative of 300 million voters, but here's the thing: they are. They're a microcosm of our society which is largely low-income, under-educated and easily pushed around by the mass media and which candidate has the most money to spend on ads. They aren't on Reddit and they don't subscribe to any think tanks. Reddit is, by comparison, a very small community of people who rally behind Bernie and an even smaller number of our own members here are actually intelligent enough to comprehend his positions and how they will affect the country, while the other 70% or so just join the hivemind because the upvotes said so. None of the other candidates stand a chance and the general will be a Bush v. Clinton showdown simply because of their funding and media coverage. Optimism is overrated and stupid. Anyone actually wasting their resources donating time and money to the other campaigns thinking that they have a prayer of being successful is simply delusional and all of that time and money will go up in smoke in a few short months. TL;DR Be realistic. Realize you live in a country mostly inhabited by stupid people. And don't be sassy if you want people to engage you in civil discourse.
Thank you. Glad we could end this on a positive note!
They'll appeal it and bribe their way out for either no fine at all or a significantly reduced one. If they bribe someone with 1% of this amount, they can get out of it for way cheaper than the full deal.
You'll probably want to do that anyway; AT&amp;T just got rid of upgrades/contracts, so now you *have* to do their shitty installment plan.
It's pretty rough. I landed at 11pm and I barely got a driver who was sniffing around Centreville which is just barely in range. Edit: Talking about UberX here. UberBLACK is there for sure because that's big $$.
RIP Ron's inbox.
It's a shame the Washington Times is so fucking polluted with ads and dumb shit that I can't read the only voice of reason in this city. I much prefer it on my doorstep. Their website is ass.
[Most states only require one party's consent.](http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg)
For reference: http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg
[It does in most of them.](http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg)
Haha. Didn't notice that. Guess they forgot to shade it. I'd imagine it follows the same laws as mainland MI though. :)
I just canceled cable TV. I got a super nice $60 antenna from Amazon that picks up stations in HD from 50-100 miles away and $9/month for Netflix. Easier on the wallet and the brain. I don't need to watch what Big Cable wants me to watch on their schedule. On Demand at a cheaper price and no ads or bullshit.
Technically it's based on "consent," meaning you have to give permission. However, it's pretty widely accepted that by just telling you, if you don't object, you're consenting. You can not consent by hanging up the phone. Unfortunately, I don't think a single call center in this country will go "oh ok sorry, we'll turn off the recorder" and do business as usual. As with most companies, it's their way or the highway.
Red line, hour delay Blue line, 12 minute wait Silver line, who lives that far Orange line's where I left my car Yellow line, totally boned Green line, guy stole my phone Metrobus is a piece of crap MetroAccess, eh not handicapped WMATA those fucking whores *I can't take it anymore*
DC obeys Federal Law which is one-party notification. The few states on the map that are two-party are allowed to set that rule under states rights.
That's mainly gonna be what they say. They're going to say "well I'm sorry, but I can't continue the call under those circumstances" and disconnect with you. Some will even disconnect you for recording *them*, even if it's legal: they like to think it's a one-way street when it isn't and shouldn't be. You would, however, have legal recourse if they said "ok yeah sure we'll turn off the recorder" and they didn't. Any agent who tells you that they're turning off the recorder is probably full of shit. Your average call center agent doesn't have that kind of power...it's all being recorded at a central server they can't access.
If you have one in the US, you can usually contact your embassy in that country and they will arrange for you to get the proper licensing to have it in that country. You can get a firearm on a plane very easily if you're doing it legally. Unload it, case it, and tell the check-in counter person "I'm checking a firearm." 99% of the time it's "neat, okay," 30 seconds of paperwork and it goes to the belly of the plane. TSA doesn't care as long as you don't have access to it during the flight.
Can confirm. My GF's dad is a jacked Marine who can kill you by sitting on you and has more guns than BudsGunShop. In HS, she would frequently show up in class with black eyes and bruises and the school would assume it was her dad because he was buff. No, her dad treats her like a princess but they were both being abused by her piece of shit crackhead mother and her dad was honorable enough to not hit back and too poor to kick her out.
Honorable enough to not hit a woman. Furthermore, if I wanted your opinion on my girlfriend's family history, I would've asked you.
You have a lot of faith in the system. It's almost like you think it works. Edit: Sorry for triple post. Appears my work Internet farted.
I posted it to corroborate what the user above me was saying; not to invite a group of neckbeards to offer their opinions on someone else's personal life.
If choosing not to hit someone because of their gender is sexist, then I'm as sexist as they come. Some of us still have values. Clearly, you do not.
You weren't there. You're passing judgment on a scenario you know nothing about other than a very brief summary via an Internet forum. It's easy to look back on it and talk shit, but in the moment, I'd love to see how you'd react since apparently, you're a superhuman king of all things moral and can instantly snap into action when faced with a difficult decision.
I work part-time at Apple. We verbally warn people at least twice before doing a repair if they don't have a backup and then they even sign a legal document saying that we aren't responsible for data loss - then when it happens, they will either cry or scream for a manager and demand financial compensation. I just don't have pity for it. If there's something crucially important on your device, back it up. When the technician says you should go home and back it up before attempting a repair, you should probably do that too. The fact that you were too lazy and/or impatient to wait and do things the right way doesn't entitle you to free money when the expected happens.
I still don't recall asking for your opinion. It's not your life to interfere with. If you're so motivated by this issue, get your MSW and find work in the field.
&gt;You're no longer restricted to parts of Capitol Hill and NW to live in. You never were restricted, you were just smart. I still won't live in SE until the news stops reporting a murder every other day.
No, I posted a corroboration of my parent post's point. I didn't invite you to offer your opinions when you have no life experience, certainly weren't there, nor any credentials that make you an expert on the matter. You're right, I don't get to decide who speaks. But it's called respect, and clearly, you have none - this is why you're unsuccessful and on Reddit in the middle of the day.
Any systems administrator will tell you to make backups of your backups. If it's critically important, just iCloud isn't enough. Back it up to an external drive, back it up to Dropbox, etc etc.
I've seen some sketchy figures in Eastern Market too. And let's be honest, there's more crooks on the Hill than there are east of the Anacostia.
&gt;I can tell you in about 50% of those cases that icloud was being a hero and backing up their device without them knowing. If they bought more space for $1/month. My average customer, although living in the 3rd wealthiest county in the US, is too cheap and expects their 5 GB free trial to back up 4 million photos of their daughter's graduation.
I'm familiar enough to navigate most of DC (that I'll go to, at least). But if faced with someone trying to mug me, I'd rather be in VA where I can be armed. Not trying to be controversial, but personally that's how I feel when it comes to my personal safety.
I've lived in Arlington/Ffx County for the past 3 years and the worst I've heard is shoplifting. I've never heard of any violent crimes happening ITB in VA. (Herndon is a whole different story, we should jettison that place off the planet)
I know we're all about empathy, but I'm just jaded now. I will straight up tell them it was in the agreement you signed. "I didn't read that," well you should, it was legally binding.
&gt;...and you're not on reddit in the middle of the day? I was on lunch. I'm now in between meetings waiting for a 4 pm to start. &gt;You defend outdated "values" as if they're something to be proud of. Non-violence, yeah, how deplorable of me. &gt;I'm replying to your comments while waiting for my test cases to finish running. A software tester! Thanks for verifying that you're a neckbeard loser, as if your wildly liberal outlook wasn't enough information. &gt;yet you think you're somehow better than me. I don't chime in on people's familial problems and judge them based on it. That definitely makes me better than you. Certainly more respectful of others. &gt;HAHAHAHAHAHA and you think Ted Cruz and Mark Rubio are the only viable options ...no I don't. Link me to where I said that. Ted Cruz is a crazy Bible-thumper. I align with Rubio, but he doesn't stand a chance. Sorry, some of us think you should work for what you earn.
Yeah and that's the first I think I've heard in years. Outside of that, the news is obsessed with all the crime in DC and I think a friend and I were battling one time about this and I had found the crime reports for the VA side and it was dramatically lower despite nearly similar populations. Also she was in South Arlington which is almost just as bad as SE, but at least you can be armed there.
&gt; on the article "Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio give evangelical conservatives viable 2016 options." I commented that their website was a piece of shit. Not that I agreed with them. &gt;You're a joke. I make more money than you, have a better job than you and have a more loving family than you. I've got it made; I won't lose any sleep based on what a loser Reddit SJW thinks.
I'm 22 and graduated college last year - since you like to creep through my history, I would've thought you gathered that, but okay, old man it is.
&gt;And you still think that, as a college grad, you having a higher paying job than a current student in an internship is impressive? I have a higher paying job than probably your parents combined and certainly highest in my graduating class. Here's what you don't seem to understand: Respect isn't something you *have* to earn. It's something *everyone* deserves. It's called having values, and like I said earlier, you appear to have none: and for someone who thinks that our generation is too young to warrant respect because we haven't "done shit," you sure like to get on your soap box and spout your wisdom from your life when you can't even pay a bill with your own money yet. The sooner you realize that you should be respectful of everyone by default, the sooner you might become successful in life. Until then, I guess it's good you're in training to be a code monkey - you'll make decent money by being a social pariah until they offshore your job to India.
&gt; And those "code monkeys" you're so superior to built everything you're currently using, from the operating system on your phone and computer to the messaging inbox where you feebly try to inflate your own self worth, and those "code monkeys" contribute to society more than you ever have or will. I'm aware how we got our innovative technologies. I used to be a code monkey too; I'm well-versed in C++, Java, Python, PHP and I dabbled in SharePoint administration because much to my chagrin, the real world still uses Windows. But you can't make a career out of sitting in a cubicle for 8 hours a day, typing away, talking to no one, and we've already seen that they can do it cheaper overseas so there's less and less demand for someone who can just code. That's why I double-majored in both CS and business and now work as a technology consultant supporting the DoD: double the money and a chance for advancement within my organization and very rarely do I ever write a line of code. I come up with the ideas and then hand it off to the poor bastard who only makes $60K to sit in his cell all day and type. I imagine you trying to act like my job is beneath everyone else's is a factor of your own insecurities, and that's okay. I'm still not losing any sleep, and you're keeping me entertained while I wait for the idiot sysadmins to get my VE back online. (I'd do it myself, but they're really protective of their hardware that they can't seem to maintain.) &gt;You're on the losing side of history buddy, watch. Ooh yeah, rich white males, we've had it bad for a while! Please, we'll both be dead before the world is even half the way you want it perverted.
&gt;Again, you know nothing about me, my ambition, or my career path. But I do know a lot about how you conduct yourself from this conversation, and I can see that you lack professionalism and tact. Most jobs, unless you work for some hippie startup in San Francisco, are still an old boys club, and if you want to succeed, you toe the line and still treat people with good, old-fashioned, 1960s respect. The workforce, at least in DC, hasn't much changed from how it's portrayed in Mad Men. Get used to it, or get used to $30K at a startup incubator.
Ruth's Chris in Fairfax Corner does an amazing job with this type of thing - not exactly close to IAD but also not exactly far. The only disadvantage is that the room is free, but the menu pricing is much different - expect to pay 170-200% the original cost per item. LPT ask for Edwin, he's the best.
What did you think the jumbotrons were for? Though, there are a lot of restaurants that choose to put their menus on flat screen TVs when the prices never change, so maybe I can't fault you for not knowing...
Transurban has kind of gone against what they told VA they would do. The original deal was that rates would be based on traffic IN the lanes. But they've started raising the rates based on congestion of I-495 proper. I've seen rates as high as $11-12 but the express lanes will be wide open without a soul on them.
In DC, yeah. In VA the average is more around $500k
You sure you were on the right 495? It was jam-packed until 10:15 for me today. Took Gallows from Annandale to Tysons.
Can confirm. Can afford, too much of a cheapskate to do it. Quite frankly, the added cost of living *in* Tysons is probably less than what I'd spend using the Express Lanes to get to work if I lived in Annandale/FFX/Springfield, and then I have a 3 minute commute.
Laugh all you want. You're the one fighting the uphill battle here buddy, not me. I've got money, a beautiful home, a beautiful girl and job security...if that makes me a petulant child, then I am more than willing to accept the title. Thanks for the lunchtime entertainment, and good luck with raising the minimum wage and all that garbage :)
Give me some of that action. 4:30, Rosslyn-Foggy tunnel.
Hmm, non-violence, but wishing death on people. Yeah, you're definitely not a hypocrite.
So this happens regularly at the Martinsburg MARC station, especially on weekends when the only train coming through is a 10:30am Amtrak. The city police are the only ones with the keys and they were too incompetent to unlock it prior to the train coming. We all stood outside and heard it sounding it's horn, so we literally jumped the fence to go down to the platform. (Not as great as it sounds, the fence is only 3 feet high and is much like a farm fence you can hop, but still.)
I know that my department specifically focuses on cutting-edge technologies, rather than antiquated stuff...but I'm specifically in an innovation department, whereas over 90% of my firm gets its revenue from a separate department which probably what you're experiencing - anyone with a pulse temping for the gov't, basically. Part of me almost wishes I was in that department...then I'd only have a 40 hour week.
Shit! I misread the terms of the bet, I thought we were talking about arcing insulators. I guess I did take the long odds on this one. Oh well, higher payout if I win!
MTPD seems to think they know better than just about anyone.
I had an incredibly liberal teacher in college who gave me a C on my final paper with no commentary as to why - and it was actually really spot-on - presumably because I always questioned her in class with a more conservative outlook. I went to the dean and he asked to look at the final paper so he could grade it himself. He gave me an A. The teacher was fired 6 months later (for other reasons).
Clearly you don't live near Washington.
We were recently house hunting and Fairfax and Reston had a lot of properties $350-400k - and that's only 15 miles away. Chantilly and Sterling are cheaper and that's when you're getting closer to 30 miles. But the ones we saw in Reston for ~$375 were walking distance to Wiehle Metro.
First off, it looks like MPD isn't even competent enough to publish statistics, since the latest report they have available 7 months into 2015 is a report for 2013, despite Arlington and Fairfax having 2014 reports ready to go, but okay, we'll backtrack: http://mpdc.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/mpdc/publication/attachments/MPD%20Annual%20Report%202013_lowres.pdf http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/police/inside-fcpd/pdf/fcpd201213ar.pdf Using FFX because the population is greater than DCs, where as Arlington is about 33%. *Just* looking at 2013 since FFX's report spans 2012 and 2013, DC had 41 homicides (out of ~600K pop.) vs. Fairfax with 8 (out of 1.1M pop.) So in my county, we have *twice* as many people but *one-fifth* as many homicides. Additionally, DC's report shows that in all but one district, homicides went up at a rate over 100% from 2012; in Fairfax, they went down by 50%. Downvote all you want, but I've seen the facts and the numbers do not lie. We've got more people out here and somehow less crime. Maybe we have more values out here in hillbilly Virginia, or maybe it's just that our cops actually put down the donuts/cigarettes long enough to do their jobs. Couldn't tell you. But the point is, the data shows that there is no good reason to live in DC if you enjoy living. As soon as you cross the border, your rate of survival drops significantly.
Careful, this is /r/washingtondc. Metro can't *possibly* be overpaying incompetent employees, sitting at a desk doing nothing is really hard and deserves $80,000.
PSA about the people who switched to the exit ramps at the last second: It's just a road, people. You can get back to where you're going if you miss your turn. NOVA has this culture of "I can't waste an extra 1 minute" so they risk their lives rather than just going around the block, or up to the next exit, or letting their GPS reroute them.
Additionally, I feel like FCPD could reap some mad revenue if they just posted an on-foot officer at one of the corners of Leesburg Pike in Tysons - so many people blocking the box so that the other intersections (Westpark, Gosnell, International, etc.) can't get out. They could literally just walk up to the car blocking the box and hand them their ticket through the window, no cruiser needed. Capitol Police do this in DC.
Unfortunately, the DC sub spills over to the suburbs frequently with articles about my neck of the woods that interest me. Also, it's great fun to remind DC residents what a cespool they live in.
I lived outside of Pittsburgh for 2 years. It's literally the worst chunk of society. They're all ignorant addicts. This guy looks like he's visiting.
That's gold, and I have to wonder if it's real that those guys could pick up a car.
They did. There was a primarily-black salon on here a few weeks back that shut down saying they couldn't afford the rent due to gentrification. /r/washingtondc cried it's bleeding heart out.
I've never seen a traffic light take 4-5 minutes to cycle. It's a minute and a half at most, it just seems like forever when you're not moving. But even to play devil's advocate, a 20 minute mistake is better than a 20 second crash that causes injury or damage to your vehicles.
I'd imagine once the plates are considered invalid, you could be pulled over for not having a proper plate.
I don't know why this is being downvoted. This is great. I'm glad justice was served. Just goes to show that nobody can be trusted anymore and that people are only professional when there's knowingly a tape running.
I'm just thankful that his knee-jerk reaction wasn't to toe his party line and introduce crazy gun control measures. One of the key reasons I live here and you'll never find me with a DC or MD address is the firearms policies here. Edit: Sigh, typical, liberal Nova downvoting.
If they're offering free plate exchanges, I think they would, considering you can order plates online. I got vanity plates on the DMV website and never got off of my fat ass.
But has terrible ass service. They lose my mail regularly and have rude customer service because they're unionized and immune to being fired if there's a formal complaint. Fuck that shit. I prefer to do business with FedEx and UPS where there's actual recourse when they lose my shit or give me bad service, and I've never had to seek recourse because I've never experienced either from private couriers.
They can't even get my mail sorted properly. I'm getting mail for the apartments above and next to me, and they're getting my mail. I opened a PO Box in a *different city* just assuming it was *that branch* that sucked balls and had similar issues. They're wildly incompetent and the union makes them impervious to being shit-canned for sucking at their job. It's laughable that anyone would want them to handle their *money.*
Why?
Pretty sure truck nuts are still legal.
Was it the last bus of the night? It very well could have been early. I've found that the bus schedules are mainly for decoration and their NextBus equipment usually falls into disrepair. Also, the 10B looks like it's made of plywood. It may have been taken out of service by termites.
You may want to try listing them on StubHub. The day of the event is usually when people buy, especially for coveted tickets like yours that you're not asking huge profit on. You could probably get away with adding the service charge, especially since it'll negate StubHub's own charge for selling on their site.
Good point. I don't think you can. In fact, I'm pretty sure if you go to sell and you don't have a PDF to upload, it will tell you sorry because it's too close to the event.
Survival of the fittest.
Found the anesthesiologist.
Maybe if the government used funds responsibly... I saw Brickman today planting flowers in the median of Tysons Blvd. They sure as shit aren't doing that out of the goodness of their heart...why is FCDOT spending money on stupid daffodils? Whatever the vendor is charging them probably pales in comparison to a road, but it adds up when considering all the other worthless shit they buy.
No it won't. Hillary won weeks ago. I'm not fond of it, but if you think anyone else has a prayer, you're crazy.
Eh I've got more money on Bernie keeling over before HRC, but we'll see.
That's because MD has the highest property, vehicle, alcohol and other taxes in the entire DMV area. A house in Arlington is $600,000 but that same exact house in PG is $350,000... but you'll end up paying through the nose on the taxes.
...Tysons Corner isn't a city. Like 70% of Fairfax County, it's just a bunch of stuff that happened to spring up together. The only incorporated cities/towns in Fairfax County are Fairfax, Herndon and Vienna.
Color me surprised.
&gt;I would hate to work for you. Fired for being expected to have ethics? FTFY, I'm sure you'll do great in a real job.
I have - in food service, but the same principles applied there. I fired someone for taking home the leftover cupcakes at the end of the night. They were being thrown out anyway, but the principle stands that you didn't pay for them, so they aren't yours to take, and the employee could not be trusted.
In my region, the more expensive communities are just that because they're safer and have less crime. An apartment in McLean, VA will run you $2200/month but that same apartment 10 minutes away in Fort Washington, MD will cost you maybe $600/month... the difference being that, for whatever reason, there's a shit load of crime in the latter and the criminals are either too lazy to come over our way or our cops are just really good and sniff them out before they have a chance (I honestly don't know). Unfortunately, a lot of people turn to crime because they are low-income (this is not always the case, but it frequently is). Those who are low-income who aren't criminals also include white trash who have tattoos all over their face, stay up partying until 2am on a Tuesday, and have loud arguments with their out-of-wedlock baby momma. In the end, there is a *very small minority*, at least in my region, of low-income welfare users who are just people down on their luck, trying to get by and who keep to themselves. Most of the ones I've run into are just pieces of crap who I don't want in my community. I pay a premium price to live where I do so that I don't have to put up with that shit. Maybe it's elitist, but there's a good chunk of America that is stupid and a waste of air that I just don't want to be around. As a middle-class recent college grad, I'm not a fan of my uppity neighbors who double-park their Mercedes Benz's and carry their dogs around in their purses, but at least they make less noise, ensure I get a good night's sleep and don't smell.
[A double decker Megabus did this](http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2010/09/at_least_two_dead_possibly_mor.html) a few years back despite **13** signs.
Did a ride-along with my sister who is a deputy. "Oh shit" button was exactly how she described it.
Where is this supposed to be?
&gt; So they give out these short shifts and have you work less time per week so they can avoid paying benefits. This is what happens when things like Obamacare come in and try to set rules for people working longer than 30 hours. Businesses exist to make money, not to take care of you, which is why these policies don't work...they *will* find a way around it.
&gt; vote with our dollar: shop at the stores that do it right and take care of workers as employees: e.g. Costco I do vote with my dollar. Costco treats their employees great. It's a shame they disrespect second-amendment rights and post no-CCW in their stores, so I canceled my membership immediately.
So it's brilliant to vote with your dollar for employee treatment, but dumb to do it for my right to protect myself?
Why can't they both be equally important? Quite frankly, I can carry in Costco whenever I want (I live in a state that says businesses who say 'no guns' can be ignored), but on principle, I don't want my money going to a business that thinks so illogically. I signed up with BJs who does support gun rights and who, as far as I know, still treats their workers reasonably well.
Sorry, but I'm more worried about my safety than I am about whether or not a store's employee can pay their Comcast bill. I'm more than happy to pay extra at businesses that treat employees better, but not if they disregard my rights to personal safety. Walmart respects those rights, even if they disrespect the employees, which is why they have my business more than Costco.
If my concern for my safety is dumb to you, then I apologize that you're delusional enough to think that I would prioritize living wage efforts over my own personal safety. If you're willing to leave yourself unguarded for a cause, that is your choice, but then you deserve it when you're mugged or otherwise attacked.
/u/nerdfacenyan recently had this in DC. Apparently if they forget to key it into the system, it does just disappear. However, there are stories of tickets that come back to haunt you 9 years later when they're found...whether or not that's legal, I'm not sure, but 7 on your side was talking about it a few weeks ago.
Business protip: Empower your employees to make decisions. I work part-time at a company that repairs smartphones and they give us a lot of leeway to decide what repairs we do and do not charge for. Even if it's obviously broken but the customer is in tears/can't afford the repair, we can cover it under warranty as a one-time good customer service exception. Our ability to make those decisions and not have to toe the line of the terms and conditions makes working there not suck. EDIT: And I forgot to add, it makes me more likely to be ethical and charge full price when I should to keep the company in business because I don't hate them.
That's why I got an antenna. I spent $70 on a very nice, high-range AmazonBasics antenna (basically one month of cable service) for news and sports. Unfortunately if the game is exclusive to MASN or ESPN or something, I'm screwed, but if it's on one of the local news channels, I'm golden. This works because I live 5 miles outside of DC, if you live in the burbs YMMV.
I'm talking about the manufacturer's warranty, which doesn't cover accidental damage - the customer dropping their phone isn't our fault, the CEO didn't knock it out of their hand, etc. So legally and quite frankly from a common sense standpoint, there's no reason in the universe we should have to cover it. But we do in extreme circumstances where the person is really screwed and can't afford to replace it.
Self-checkout is starting to decrease because of the outcry that it's taking away jobs.
[No, not really.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toe_the_line)
I work for a Fortune 50 tech company. We've got enough money that those few million bucks to keep customers happy is a drop in the bucket, especially when it leads to tens of millions of dollars of more business from those people staying happy.
Believe it or not, at Walmart they do. A few times when my items are rung up at the wrong price, they can correct it on the spot. They use reason code "4" which I imagine is a generic CS code to allow them to change prices on the fly. It's not worth fetching a manager over.
The company I work for where we have this wiggle room is a Fortune 50 company and we interact with more than one million customers every day, much less per year.
You get what you pay for. That's why I don't believe in these movements to raise the minimum wage. Businesses aren't dumb, if they want good people to represent their brand well (like the company I work for), they pay a fair wage. If you want someone who hates you and who will treat customers like shit most likely, pay them $7.25. Walmart is somewhere between those but on the lower end of it, and personally I don't see the problem with that because it's their choice to hire people who have no knowledge of any of the products or basic customer service skills. On the people side of it, make yourself valuable and not a dumb asshole and you can score a job with one of the retailers that will pay you double what you make now to take care of their customers.
When the trains stop moving for various reasons, driving probably is a better choice. People who own cars take Metro because the Metro can continuously move in its own right-of-way and not get stuck behind 20,000 other Metros because its rush hour. But if the trains aren't moving and traffic on 66 is... we have some re-evaluating to do.
*Engineer Conductors take tickets, engineers drive trains. The conductor is the orange crescents and the only update they can give is "fthuwump"
That's not how pedantry *works*!
Oof. Your morals are much better than mine! I don't think anything would move me to Maryland.
It was a Star Wars reference
He would, I forgot to mention this.
Why do you guys hog the left lane when not passing, never have your headlights and taillights on in fog or rain, and leave the snow on top of your vehicles instead of clearing it off for safety?
Northern Virginia is very much more liberal than the rest of the Commonwealth, and in fact the Prince William County line is right about where the numbers change drastically. A lot of people on this sub wish we'd secede. I like the fact that I can live in civilization with skyscrapers and shit to do but still have a firearm, so you're not alone.
Larry Hogan is very smart, he's sending all of the drug dealers and rapists here to Virginia!
* Crime * Terrible drivers
It's not just about drivers - MD has substantially more crime
If I understand correctly, aren't PDs paid whether they win or lose, since they're funded by the state? Whereas in some cases, private practice attorneys are hired on contingency - they're only paid if they're successful. That obviously wasn't the case with SA, but I guess my point is, if the state says "Go defend this kid and we will give you $2,000" there's an element of "It'd be way faster to get this dummy to confess than it would be to defend him." Cash the check and move along your merry way.
I don't think so. Maybe if the account was created right around the time the documentary came out. But it wasn't - and if you sort through his comments deep enough, this person has a long history of claiming to live in Chicago. Kratz lived in WI for the entire Avery case and his firm is in Superior, WI.
What you're describing is an epidemic that plagues most of America. People see something on TV, take it as gospel, and it guides their viewpoints. Look at MSNBC talk about guns that can shoot 30 *magazines* per second, and Fox News talk about baby parts on a table, and look how people rally around that bogus coverage and truly believe it because it was on television. This is just more of that, which is why I located this sub and also read articles online immediately after finishing the series. I knew it'd give me a viewpoint, but I also knew things were likely left out and I wanted to see both sides. Separately, I also condemn those who are picketing via Yelp and Google reviews. Really? Are we 6 years old that we have to go give 1-star reviews to a law firm or sherriff's department in response to a TV show? You post reviews for a *personal* customer experience, not because you're pissed off at the owner because the TV told you to be.
Quite frankly, with all the other work this sub is doing, I'm surprised no one has thought to FOIA Manitowoc/Calumet for all the video tapes used in the documentary. You can tell there's a noticeable difference in video quality between the personal interviews and the testimonies - the latter was recorded by the court, which is not uncommon (though it sort of is for the fact that this town is in the middle of nowhere). My girlfriend's dad had a criminal trial in Boston which was recorded. It took me 5 minutes to write a letter saying 'plz give 2 me, is law' and a few weeks later I had a stack of DVDs in my mailbox.
&gt; The way the one conversation between Brendan and his mother was edited on the show to leave out the parts where he claimed Steve touched him where it made him uncomfortable. Out of curiosity, source? I just made a comment elsewhere that we should FOIA the county for the unedited clips, has this already been done somewhere on this sub that we have this information?
It was in one of the last episodes. It was one of the things O'Kelley put in front of Brendan when coaxing him to write/draw the confession earlier in the series, but in court in either Ep. 9 or 10, they showed it to him saying "you showed him this stuff, right" and to all these questions he gave a good old Canada "oh yes shure, dontchaknow" but when asked where the ribbon came from, he started sobbing and saying "I believe that's her church in the background." Then like ~10 minutes later in his testimony he starts bawling again and saying he keeps thinking about the blue ribbon. He's a terrible actor at worst and a huge pussy at best.
That's not how the Force works!
A federal employee? Incompetent? Nooooooooooooooo. Sorry, DC chiming in here. Basically everyone here thinks like that guy.
&gt;In this case I honestly think they'll fight it tooth and nail, and spend $100 million if need be to avoid paying the $5 million. As a former Apple employee, this is truly the way they think. They'd rather spend $100M to protect the brand and clear their name however they possibly can rather than settle it for $5M. They're not your typical corporation that will pay you off to shut you up. If you're going to talk shit about them, you better be willing to tango.
It was the court. A lot of court houses do this now. You can notice the stark difference in video quality between filmmaker interviews and the court's cameras. 1080p vs. 480p.
Based on a [Buzzfeed interview I read with the filmmakers](http://www.buzzfeed.com/jarettwieselman/making-a-murderer-burning-questions-answered), it appears they also way undersold his animal abuse charge (it was much more intentional than his phone interview made it sound) and their reasoning was something along the lines of, half the reason he's in the mess he's in now is because people presumed him guilty because of his past, and the documentary didn't want to make that worse. Could be the same reasoning here. Additionally, they state they didn't want to really run the story of Kratz's sexting scandal, but it was directly relevant because of his e-mails with WisDOJ a year prior basically saying they needed him to finish Avery; Brendan being touched or not doesn't necessarily directly relate to the case, so I can at least see some consistency in their editing decisions.
Hmm... fixing the problem instead of pushing it somewhere else? Have you seen the URL in your address bar?
Okay, so different theory - perhaps PDs are paid a flat rate, as opposed to private practice being able to bill hourly?
He didn't build a wall. Maybe that's what he should have asked Jones for
[I have those shipped to me.](http://gandmcrabcakes.com/online-only.html)
What if we posted armed mercenaries every 1000 feet? Give the national guard something to do.
Eh to be fair I'm totally guilty of using that as a back way home from my client in Columbia... I take Georgetown Pike to Spring Hill Road and eek through that way.
You didn't really pay for the road. MWAA owns that road. You made a donation to Dulles Airport is all.
I've actually only ordered them once from G&amp;M but do actually go frequently whenever I'm in Baltimore. It's a pretty damn good restaurant.
No. Since the bus fare is a flat rate and doesn't need to create a new entry into the system, it doesn't care whether or not you appear to be trapped in a station - which is very common, so it's not like WMATA actually believes people are never leaving stations. The system is programmed to account for the fact that 90% of these "no exit" entries are flukes.
Have you ever heard the song "M.T.A?" Basically it's just that, happening in Boston. Edit: I'm actually surprised many of you haven't heard this. I guess I'm just old. My favorite part is that the story is about a man named Charlie who gets trapped on the Boston subway. Almost 70 years later now, the Boston version of the SmarTrip is called a "Charlie Card." [Good Quality Audio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbtkL5_f6-4)
Even worse news than the already sucky Apple drop since the beginning of December. I've got a good amount of Apple stock from working there, this is rough.
This immediately reminded me of the New Jersey bridge scandal - when the mayor of Fort Lee, NJ refused to endorse Christie for governor, his aides were caught exchanging e-mails saying "time for some traffic in Fort Lee" and lo and behold, the DOT randomly decides to shut down all but one lane of the bridge into Fort Lee for unexpected road work during rush hour.
The best part is that the man's name is Charlie, and Boston's SmarTrip is now called the Charlie Card to pay homage. https://media.giphy.com/media/R6bDgXEXCLcIw/giphy.gif
This is a combination of fantastic and an example of someone with way too much time on their hands.
I've presented this theory before. Maryland has a much higher international population, partly because housing is cheaper (most immigrants to the US I assume don't come here with buckets of cash) and/or, I dunno, maybe they prefer Maryland's politics. But yeah driving in many other countries is a total free for all so they bring that here. Quite frankly, the driving test needs to be harder. I'm appalled they ditched parallel parking from the test. Most people can't competently do it and especially in an urban area like this, you need it more often than not. We've gotten too much into thinking that driving is somehow a "right" and it's not so we hand licenses out to people who simply shouldn't have them.
Thanks. I actually saw your thread I think which encouraged me to put it on USB before I posted this. It's been on for about 45 minutes now, I'm hesitant to pull it too soon but is it normal that I still don't have the red charging LED? It just says to attach the display to its base. Fortunately, we are in a 5th story apartment, so everyone underneath is running their heat is keeping us warm. Last year our HVAC was the culprit and we lived on the first floor so our unit actually reached 8 degrees at which point we checked into a hotel while the management gutted everything.
Yep, it works now. After about an hour of charge it more or less jump started it and now it's working healthily on the base station. Thanks! Wonder what they pushed to the units that caused them to dump out their power.
&gt; Introducing single-payer health care would be cheaper for most people, and it may very well increase quality of care. I've actually heard from people who live in Canada that it's very much "you get what you pay for."
When/why did that hate start? They couldn't hop off his dick like last week.
&gt;Kindly do yourselves a favour and vote for Bernie if you want to live life without fear of risking everything over one hospital visit. Seriously. I don't have to vote for Bernie. I have a great job with great, private, for-profit health insurance. I had a $20,000 surgery in July and only had to pay $150 because I hadn't yet met my deductible.
So, 2025?
Personal responsibility. You are responsible for yourself. Nobody else.
I put a substantial portion of my salary in a savings account every pay period to prepare for that case. As it stands, I could survive comfortably for about a year if I were laid off today, and probably longer if I canceled my Internet and moved to a smaller apartment.
&gt; I mean, you know, till you need a $200,000 heart surgery or some dumb shit like that. I mean, my dad did. He had the same insurance I did (different policy, but same company, BCBS) and I think was left with like a $10k bill at the end of it all. I think the original charges were closer to $60k, but that's still a great discount. He got a payment plan for it and paid it off over about 10 years.
There aren't. There's the Reddit hivemind, and then there's the comment score below threshold.
If she's not putting it into CDs, your mother in law is really stupid.
COBRA allows you to keep your plan for a set period of time (a year or something, I think?) just without your employer's contribution.
Maybe if he didn't spend money on a set of bowls he would have a meal. Jesus the shit people pull.
Go back to Sprint then. Have fun!
In principle, I get what you're saying, but it'd be a nice thing to do if you have nothing else to do. Plus, extra money. My sister and brother-in-law are both cops and have no kids. Because of this, they always volunteer to work Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, etc. so that those who do have kids can be with their families.
Stop reading. Just go. It's an experience. Go now.
Total Wine is about the size of a grocery store. And it's *all* beer, wine, with maybe 100 sq ft dedicated to cigars. It trumps grocery stores that only dedicate 10% of their floor space to beer/wine. Go already!!
Protip: Absolutely wait until the "last days" signs go up - and they will - no one ever closes a store and liquidates inventory without making a big deal about the absolute last days. I saw so many people go into City Sports when they first announced their bankruptcy and get the shit end of the stick getting only 10% off CS tees and maybe 20% off Under Armour gear. I waited until it said "last 2 days" and the store looked like a hurricane had been through it and the only employee was sitting on the counter texting. CS Tees were $1 each and I got a UA polo for $10. The security cameras were even on sale for $1300 for the set and he tried to offer them to me; I said "eh nah don't need them" he said "how about for $500?" Always wait.
I don't like how they refer to this as a "Glebe storefront" on "Glebe Road." The only thing Glebe Road about this is the address. The photos show that it clearly fronts on Wilson. I'm sure it's because it's leased in that giant building that does have some units facing Glebe, but that's always irritated me when I try to find shit. I had the opposite problem trying to find my barber for the first time. The address said Pollard Street, and it was an apartment complex. The barber shop was on Wilson, it just happened to be in that building on it's "side."
Didn't check Enterprise, but we're frequent Hertz users and they assert they don't have any in their US fleet. And no, we're college-aged and the only ones who moved to the "suburbs" (Tysons). Most of our friends rely on Metro and live in the city.
I tried that when I wanted to buy one, and they actually gave me a lot of shit for griding the clutch (it had been about 6 years since I drove stick). Trying to teach her on one, they'd probably freak out.
Nah, plenty of subdivisions with no traffic besides the people who live there to practice in. Particularly out here in McLean where I'm convinced 80% of the homeowners actually live in Martha's Vineyard 9 months out of the year.
I actually called them to ask their thoughts and they said that, at least at Richmond, they'll just drop her right into 4th gear and a pit crew will push her out and she'll be fine. I don't know anything about stock cars, but apparently that works. Someone else in this thread mentioned that the configuration is much different from the manual transmission we're used to.
Jesus, guys. I know how big your erections are about net neutrality, but it's an optional feature. It takes less than 30 seconds to opt out of Binge On and you can enjoy your unlimited service like you used to. Do that, and stop bitching.
Considering that each character could be any one of 26 letters or 10 digits, calculating 36 to the power of the length of the key produces a lot more possibilities than you might think of. In your example, a 12-character key would produce [4 quintillion](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=36*36*36*36*36*36*36*36*36*36*36*36) possibilities, or about 600 million possibilities per person in the world, a good chunk of whom don't even have computers, or who might not use a piece of specialized software beyond Microsoft Office. Furthermore, a lot of software more recently goes a step further and bases the key off of the name of the purchaser, meaning that there's an extra algorithm in the mix. All of that being said, most pirated software downloads have key generators, so someone at least guessed/obtained from leaked documents how the keys are determined and made a small app for you to create fake ones that work.
The NFL exists for one reason only: to make money. If you think Roger Goodell actually cares about the game of football, you'd be very wrong. Postponing or relocating the game means a lot of lost revenue for the NFL, the team owners, the stadium vendors, and local accommodations in the host city. That's a lot of people with a lot of lobbying power. Unless there's a real threat to people's lives, the game will go on. The players will be fine - their gear probably adds a good 50 degrees of temperature - and the fans are presumably aware of the conditions and will come dressed appropriately.
The Verizon EDGE program (which is essentially a 0% interest loan for the $650 phone, paid over 24 months) gives you a $15/month discount off of your service, since they aren't eating $450 in costs on the phone ($450/24 = $18.75...so they don't even pass *all* of the savings to you). I believe if you buy your phone outright, you can call and request this same pricing - they can say no, and you can say "well I own the phone, so I'm going to go take this to (insert other network here)." Then it's in their court. Give you a monthly discount, or lose you entirely to T-Mobile. TL;DR you will get a monthly discount for buying the phone outright.
Your premise is incorrect. You're comparing the US to Europe. Europe is very progressive. A substantial portion of Asia is not. Malaysia has some very strict rules on porn, much less homosexuality. Vietnam is extremely conservative. China restricts how many kids you can have. If you take the entire world population, you'll probably find the split of people who identify as conservative or liberal to be about 50-50, maybe 60-40 at worst. As far as your concerns with guns, this is better answered at /r/askaconservative.
I've never seen a software key that is case sensitive, but if there was one, then yes, you'd be correct.
Unfortunately, no, leased cars are one of the exclusions.
I remember the first day after I got my car I got stuck in traffic on the uphill cloverleaf from GW to the Key Bridge and thinking, yeah this would suck on a manual, I made the right choice. I've never been in a situation like that again in 18 months...should've gotten a stick.
Very nice. Getting 15 in Tysons Corner which is not bad considering how densely populated this region is.
"For the record, you're the *second* person to come in this room and tell us to suck your black dick." That was fantastic.
Can you do this? Organize an LLC to receive the funds? I would think an actual person would have to do it.
To be fair, I lose thousands per year at various blackjack and craps tables. $2 per ticket is quite frankly a steal for a chance at that kind of money, so I probably should play more often.
Sounds like he'd be improving Maryland.
Of course /u/CoolJBAD is there. That's the only reason I clicked. I had to make sure he attended.
As is always the general narrative on reddit: WAAAAAHHHHHHHH It's cheap, reliable cell phone service without most of the bullshit you'd have at the other three carriers. Stop whining.
This is pretty old. I'm from the DC area and we had this exact thing but the center said "PG County" - this was probably shopped from that or some other exploitable.
All of them.
A few weeks ago they announced and liquidation just ended about a week or so ago. The one near me in Merrifield was also new too, had only been open a couple of weeks before they announced their bankruptcy. I forget what their reason was for failing but I remember it being a bullshit excuse.
I feel like at least 4 of these 5 questions have been answered in the debates or on his Instagram.
I have. Someone rear-ended me so I used the frontal footage which only showed my car vibrating from the impact, and then him fleeing the scene like a madman. It was enough to refute his bullshit account of events, but only barely so because "you couldn't see the actual impact happen." So now I have one installed on the rear window as well, and I almost got side-swiped by someone yesterday, so I just can't win with the shitty drivers in my city.
Was this a cheaper flight? I've never quite understood why people will use DCA to connect to another international airport with Dulles just down the road...
Do you guys have day jobs, or is C&amp;H your full-time gig?
Um, I have an antenna and get live sports just fine, at least, local games + whatever the big four networks are broadcasting. If we're talking about NFL package and watching *every* game, then yeah, you need cable/satellite. But I do just fine with a $60 antenna off Amazon, it gets channels broadcasting from 300 miles away.
Oh my God, I said "fradulent." Excuse me while I go die.
Fuck the USPS. This will get downvoted but they're a completely worthless, inefficient agency, and yet we want to keep giving them pay raises and job security.
I envy you. My postmaster doesn't give a shit. I spoke to her face to face and her response is "well what do you want me to do about it" (this was about our carrier constantly putting the wrong mail in the wrong box and me missing bills). Uh, how about your fucking job, managing a workforce.
wat
I would do this if they could go a week without misdelivering or losing my shit.
&gt; "keep giving them pay raises and job security" The staff at both of the post offices I frequent are losers who fuck up day in, day out, and who offer terrible customer service and have a tone of someone about to kill themselves. These people would be fired at any private sector organization. But because they have the union backing them, they will have a job until they quit or die. "We" is idiotic liberal Reddit, who disregards the fact that these people bring no redeeming qualities to the workforce and hangs up on "everyone should get a cushy salary" and supports the fact that the union will keep fighting for pay raises for shitty people.
How do you get to that level? There's no transparency at the organization, they only just recently started posting direct phone numbers for each post office. Everything else goes through the 800 number which has hour+ wait times and the same mundane customer service. I filed two complaints against my PO with that call center and it's been 6 months and neither one has brought forward results. I used to call every few days for an update but after waiting an hour each time, I gave up. And the USPIS doesn't give a shit unless an actual crime has occurred.
I would have sympathy for your remarks if it wasn't literally *every other day* that I get my neighbor's mail and he gets mine. I would still maybe have sympathy for your remarks if the supervisors at the local PO would give a shit about this and maybe switch out for a more competent carrier, or at least act like they care about the problem, but they didn't. So yes, if your mission is to deliver to every single house, and you fuck it up almost daily, you are a worthless organization. You know how many packages UPS or FedEx have dropped off in front of the wrong door for me? 0.
I pay for a PO Box. It's over $100 per year and yet they still can't manage to get the right shit in the box.
There's no transparency. There's no phone number for the next level up. If I could find one, I'd be on the phone with them right quick, but as it is, you have to call the 800 number for anything beyond calling your local PO and are met with hour-long wait times and even less helpful representatives who don't give a shit when you file a formal complaint.
Maybe 1% of it when you also figure that their taxes (and yours) also go to roads, emergency services, etc.
Do you work for USPS? If so, you might be my carrier, because it's clear that you can't fucking read. &gt;That is irrelevant to whether or not the populace at large is giving them pay raises or job security. They don't. I didn't say that *we* did, I said *we want to* and clarified that *we* was *Reddit,* with the context being that every other time I mentioned on Reddit that we should be cutting their pay every time they fuck up, liberal Reddit gets on their violins for the poor overworked mail carrier who has one job and can't do it properly and wants to increase their pay, not decrease it or fire them. It's actually amazing that I've now had to break this down *twice* for you. No wonder mail for 413 ends up in my box. &gt;You can be fired for no good reason at an un-unionized private sector workplace. How does that make anyone who works in a unionized workplace worthless or incompetent? Contrary to what you're saying, you can be fired in a unionized workplace if you fail to carry out your job duties as outlined in the contract. What is so egregious about that? Because the union protects their job security and/or sets ridiculous terms in the contract that require numerous write-ups before someone can be dismissed. Unions *used* to be worthwhile back in the Industrial Revolution when people were coming home with less than 10 fingers and their employer shrugged their shoulders and did nothing. *Now* they're just bullies, that guarantee even the worst employees have to basically shit openly on the manager's desk 3+ times before they can be fired. I have yet to see one instance of a unionized workforce where the people are competent. Every unionized workforce I've seen, whether it's USPS, WMATA (or any transit agency, for that matter) has always been staffed by people who don't give a shit, offer terrible customer service, and it's all because they know they're impervious to getting fired. &gt;The people at my local office bust their asses day in and day out, regardless of illness or inclement weather because that is what the contract entails. I'll believe this when I see it. I've lived in 6 cities in my life and every single one has had terrible USPS employees. As I said in another post, I reported to my postmaster all of the issues I was having with misdelivered mail and her response was "and what do you want me to do about it?" Manage your fucking people! Is that so much to ask? Or are you just looking to collect your $80k for doing nothing? &gt;"Cushy salary" my ass. The *starting* pay for a carrier in my area is $50k. That is a shit load of money for someone who only needs to look at the number and put it in the box with the same number on it, and it's especially a shit load of money for someone who *still fucks that simple task up.* &gt;Management certainly isn't going to. Sure they will, but clearly you're one of those people who automatically thinks all private businesses and bosses are evil, why else would you be pro-union and on Reddit? I work in the private sector, have no union whatsoever, and have a great boss, great HR, reasonable market salary and flexible work hours. Does everyone have that? No, but they do have the freedom to quit and find something like I did. &gt;The final contract is reached by union reps and management coming to a compromise Unions bully the shit out of management and threaten to strike if they don't get every dime they demand. The ATU Local 689 is particularly infamous for that here in DC. They have WMATA by the balls because if they don't get every fucking cent they ask for - which are usually huge raises for people who *just have to babysit a computer that drives the train* - they will strike and the transit system for the city will shut down and someone will have to tell Congress why they let the workforce walk. &gt;I don't understand why you give a shit if these people get raises or not anyway. It's not coming out of your pocket. Sure it is, if I'm paying for postage and a PO Box. Are you telling me those costs aren't directly related to USPS' labor (and other) expenses? Damn, I should have read that line before the rest of your post, it's clear you don't know the first thing about business.
Didn't this also happen to Mark Wahlberg?
I much prefer my usual method of, I paid for this service, do it right or make it right. And so far, with the exception of an organization that makes it damn near impossible to find out who people's bosses are or who have sovereign immunity, it works great.
&gt;Complaints result in prompt firings en mass, right? I've had cases where it has, but typically I just get whatever I needed to get done, done. And that's really all I care about. And since they don't have unions, I at least know they're not getting a raise for being a piece of shit. &gt;which can't be said for the top brass at many private corporations. You can easily get CEOs on the phone by looking up the regular landline phone number at their headquarters building and using the dial by name directory. Worst case, you get someone very close to them who will get shit done. We've deviated from the point. The USPS is far less efficiency than any of it's privately run counterparts and a huge part of that is the fact that the employees know they are impervious and no amount of lousy customer service or disorganization they contribute will cost them their cushy job.
&gt; Pay has gone down for new hires. Good. &gt;If you think a CEO is going to bend over backwards to rectify the complaints of one customer, you're delusional. From personal experience, they have. Especially when the problem doesn't affect only one customer, but their organization at large. If one person is complaining about it, it's probably affecting a few thousand others who just can't be bothered to say something and would rather throw their money away. &gt;They deliver to every address, regardless of how inefficient it is. False. Grew up on an 80 acre farm way off the main road. Local PO would not deliver to us. Our physical address was for nothing other than 911. They forced us to sign up for a PO Box. &gt;Comparing it to private sector delivery services who don't have such constraints/obligations is comparing apples to oranges. UPS, FedEx and some shit "Airborne Express" which I think died years back all delivered to the above address when USPS wouldn't. &gt; It is simply false that no amount of lousy customer service will cost them their jobs. Then why haven't the losers at the two post offices I've dealt with this at been fired? &gt;You cited a figure of 50k a year earlier. That is presumably for regulars, which is not what starting hires are. $50k was the advertised starting salary. &gt;that you believe 50k a year is a "cushy salary" sort of says it all. It is. You can absolutely live comfortably on $30k, which is all service jobs really warrant unless it's the ones that require specific training for things that not just anybody can do, like auto repair. Supposedly anybody can sort mail, except the idiots who work for the USPS *can't* or I wouldn't get the *wrong fucking mail all the time.* They're incompetent and lazy and so far, at least in this region, no one's paying the price. At any private sector job, their ass would be out the door with the attitudes they have at the front counter which replicate all the way up through the postmaster.
Eh, I was pro-Patriot today. SO is from Boston and fuck the Manning brothers.
Then you should be able to record a Vocaroo of you saying hi to /r/washingtondc in perfect Russian, right?
Shit, I didn't even see the Replace button...I kept forefeiting the tickets, closing the window, and starting over and over... EDIT: Doing that now (worst case, I'll sell my section 3, slightly right of center, on StubHub) but it keeps cycling me through the same 3 seat selections in section 1 (which I think is in Virginia).
For field seating I believe my on the road price was $160.85 each. They don't do e-ticketing so you have to give them several dollars to mail them, but of course they'll be bulk rate mailed first-class with no tracking, the extra money is to "process" putting them in the envelope...
I'm curious to see if he's still got it. I know that in the last several years his performances have been few and far between because I think he's been struggling with addiction again.
From YouTube videos of his show at Shea Stadium in 2011, he still did a hell of a job - but they were closing the venue down so it was kind of a send-off to the place...you could see him sweating bullets, but that also may be because he's not young nor as slender as he once was. Edit: On the addiction note, yeah, he's been toiling with alcoholism for a while and I think at one time, coke. He and Elton John were good friends because they were both recovering addicts from the two, and I think I remember reading once that once Elton got clean, and Billy kept slipping, Elton just cut him off and hasn't spoken to him. I don't know how true that story is though. I do distinctly remember seeing Elton and Billy both performing Your Song on some late night show once, and Billy fucked up at some point and Elton just glared at him like "You alright?" but his eyes said "You miserable fuck." It was intense.
OPM Tuesday's? Is that a new casual American restaurant, featuring dishes such as Parmesan-Crusted Department of Justeak and Bourbon-Braised Bureau Back Ribs?
This means you, Maryland.
They exist more densely in Maryland. I only saw 2 cars on the road today with snow on their roofs and they were both Marylanders. Granted, one was a Suburban and the driver was maybe 4'6" but if you're not capable of maintaining your Suburban in a safe manner for everyone on the road, then don't drive one.
They told me the same thing too until I explained very clearly that it literally only needed to be moved 2 feet, I only needed them for 3 minutes tops and they could then move to the next call. Then they clarified that this service is called "extrication" so I don't confuse them. When you say you need a "tow" they automatically assume it has to go to a shop even though the same type of truck has to answer the call. Whatever.
I don't understand why Reddit gets their panties in a twist over anecdotal evidence. I am more likely to believe what people have seen with their own eyes than some study that intentionally picked a small sample of people that would support the conclusion they are writing to.
I didn't say it wasn't.
He sounds a little stoned on the Shea album, but yeah. This is sad. Such a great musician.
By proving that I literally saw no Virginians with this problem today? Okay, sure. Studies are often subject to even worse bias because they are bankrolled by interest groups that are looking for a specific conclusion. See: almost any 'think tank' in DC, anything the SPLC farts out, and even that dumb Verizon commercial with the marbles.
I used to live in WV. Surprisingly, for a state full of generally useless hillbillies, the drivers were just fine. I'll even concede that Western Maryland which I bordered was fine. Around Howard County is where they seem to lose their shit. PA is also pretty bad but still second banana to MD.
&gt;safe &gt;DC You're barking up the wrong tree, pal.
I think it's a factor of the company's ego. Yes, you're paid way less than market value, but you work *for Disney!* Doesn't that make up for the lower income? Correct answer is "No" but I know at least two people who are so proud that they work for Disney even though they can barely make rent (in a Disney-owned town no less). I used to work in Apple Retail and it was the same thing. Full-time technicians were making $18/hour, so about $36k, in Washington DC. It was livable, but for what you'd be making in basically any other A+ repair job in the area, it was an insult, but they were working "for Apple" and loved the company culture and all the kool-aid bullshit and wouldn't budge. I left and now make twice as much.
Did you see the New York Times review of working there? [Link](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/16/technology/inside-amazon-wrestling-big-ideas-in-a-bruising-workplace.html?_r=0) - It did some serious damage and Bezos even had to try and save face after. They overwork their employees and expect 24/7 dedication to the company or you're just not Amazon material. I got an exceptional offer from AWS right out of college. $90k salary plus $30k in stock options and a $10k relocation bonus that they were bullshitting even though I lived 10 minutes from their Herndon, VA location. I simply used this to negotiate with a company I much preferred to work for, and still do, who initially only offered me $55k so I was able to dance that turkey leg in front of them to get about $75k and I'm much happier.
You have to remember that in almost every organization, IT is viewed as an expense, not an investment.
I love that guy.
With all due respect, I'm not sure if you work there, but this whole comment just seems to come from an internal cognitive bias much like what we're discussing here with Disney. I could be wrong. I'm just saying that's how it reads... jumping to the defense of an organization that has been routinely proven to be run by a high-functioning sociopath. Most news agencies covered Amazon's response to the article and found that not much changed.
None, as I'm sure you've gathered. I refuse to live in an area with such a godawful crime rate, which is also why you won't see me in Maryland.
I agree with everything you say. I'm just providing the perspective of ignorant management who doesn't understand how important it is to the workday. Cutting costs keeps the shareholders happy, and to them, as others have said, the drawbacks of having offshored support don't negate the benefits of paying 90% less for it. I work for a high-visibility IT project in the public sector... and even the US government outsources a lot of shit just because they don't feel like paying for quality stuff. And then they wonder why they're in the news.
And the asshole who didn't sweep off their car is paying for it, right? ...Right?
If you aren't capable of maintaining a vehicle for safe usage on shared roadways, don't drive one.
Reasons I have a dash cam. I know they're ugly but it saved me in an insurance claim where the other guy lied about how it happened. I said "hmm do I have something interesting to show you" and instantly I was able to ask for anything I wanted because they knew they'd been duped... $50 for $1,000 in repairs, well worth it.
Does anyone know what this means for a court date that was supposed to be had on 1/25? Is it going to be the first day the court reopens, or is it just open to a total reschedule now?
[Okay](https://xkcd.com/325/)
Do we really need this?
*Waaaaah* Don't do the things that get you civil debts to begin with, like speeding or running red lights. Then you don't end up in the vicious cycle of getting more fines for not paying your fines. Just obey the fucking law from the start, it's not rocket science.
If you aren't disobeying the law, there's nothing they can write you up for. If they do write you up for something you didn't do, you can contest it in court.
&gt; You have no experience with the company and are simply believing everything you read in the newspaper. False, as I stated, I interviewed with them, and could easily see that all 4 of my interviewers were on the autism spectrum and addicted to the company. &gt;I'm sure Amazon treats its warehouse workers like shit That was the central point of the article. It didn't really touch upon AWS too much except for supervisors sending e-mails at 12am and wondering at 7am why they haven't got a response yet. I don't know why a warehouse employee would be getting company e-mail in the middle of the night if it wasn't part of the IT sector. &gt;Certainly no more than Google/Facebook/Microsoft/Apple. I'm sure of this. They all reek of that Silicon Valley-worship-the-company culture. I used to work for Apple, it was identical to what I'm saying about Amazon here. I didn't want to work for more of the same, so I found a company that provided a much better work-life balance.
At least in my area, I've seen multiple people come into court and say they can't afford the fine and they would be more cognizant of traffic rules in the future. Two judges on different occasions allowed this and "suspended" the fine and just asked them to cover court costs ($30 I think).
&gt;You're telling me you have never exceeded the speed limit or accidentally slipped through a red light in your entire life? Correct. &gt;Never forgotten your seatbelt for a second? Nope, dinging gets annoying. &gt;Never changed lanes without signalling? Nope. This drives me crazy when people don't do it. &gt;Never driven for a single mile with a headlight or taillight out? Nope. &gt;Never forgotten to turn on your headlights when it was raining? Automatic sensor, but it doesn't work in fog and yes I turn it on manually and curse all the people who don't do this (usually Marylanders). All of that being said, I did make an illegal U-turn once because I was in an unfamiliar location and did not know how else to get back to the main highway without cranking a U-ee in the middle of the street and a cop saw me. I was polite to him, handed him my concealed handgun permit (not required but a nice thing to do) and we shot the shit about guns for 5 minutes on the side of the road. He thanked me for not being a prick and sent me on my way with a "failure to pay time and attention" ticket which was like $60 total. I know some poor ass people who can still scrounge together $60, but I realize for some, maybe they won't eat if they have to pay $60, so I refer back to an earlier post where I've seen two different judges in my county toss out fines when people weren't able to pay. &gt;For that matter have you ever jaywalked? No, not trying to get hit. &gt;You seem pretty damn pretentious to me. Because with the exception of one mistake where I ate the fine without arguing because I deserved it, I expect people to operate a goddamn 2-ton vehicle safely or not at all? Sure. &gt;The cop admitted that's why i was pulled over, and when I showed them the temps, they gave me "improper lane change"... That's why courts exist. Don't be lazy.
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/42stpb/no_cost_license_plate_readers_are_turning_texas/czdfcn6
Black Box G1W, the quintessential one. It works great, but there's a lot of knockoffs out there, so you just gotta make sure you get a legitimate one.
I live in Washington DC. It's pretty fucking hard to get *up* to the speed limit with traffic here.
I literally have no idea what you're talking about. I filed with my insurance immediately after it happened - he hit and ran. My insurance ran his plates and found that a competing insurer had a claim for the damage that happened to his vehicle as a result of the accident, but he lied to his insurer about what happened. I uploaded the video to YouTube which was time and date stamped and you could clearly see his license plate. So unless I hit the same dude twice in some great span of time, that's pretty conclusive, and it showed that he was a good for nothing liar. I went to the most expensive body shop in NoVA and made them pay every penny, billed them for my mileage and time going to and from the shop and having to take off work to pick it up, the gas for the rental car they had to buy me so I had a car for a week, and $500 because I went to the chiropractor the next day. I hope that asshole got dropped from his policy, and quite frankly hope he's homeless.
I don't know why I wouldn't file a claim though. Who pays $100/month for car insurance and doesn't file a claim when something happens?
No...apparently *twice* your reading comprehension skills failed you, both the first time, and the second time when you *quoted* me: &gt;it saved me in an insurance claim *in* *an* insurance claim. Not *an* insurance claim. IN the claim. Yes, I'm such a moron.
There was an article earlier today on the front page about how Wounded Warrior spends lavishly on itself. It has a terrible overhead rating on Charity Navigator. Edit for clarification: I fully support efforts to care for our veterans and wounded warriors and have several in my family. Just saying WWP itself may not be the best venue to achieve that goal. They do a good amount of positive things for vets, but how much more could they do if they didn't fly everyone first-class and stay at the Gaylord?
Thank you - I was feeling lazy.
Holy shit ITT people have never washed their own cars before.
They do this literally every time at my store. I think it's less a factor of them being nice and more a factor of, "what am I gonna do with extra sliced meat? Leave it in a pile somewhere and give it to the next guy and hope he doesn't notice he's getting old ass meat I sliced 4 hours ago?"
I've never been to Aldi but there's one in the next city over. Is it worth driving all the way there for the savings or is it only slightly better than my regular grocery store's generic prices?
I went to Ray's in Times Square. It was the worst pizza I've ever tasted.
**Learn the public transit system, if there is one, before you go.** My first time to Las Vegas, I learned the RTC system and was able to get to the strip directly for the $2 fare. The same distance via taxi would have been $10, and most cabs longhaul tourists through the tunnel and around the interstates racking up $30 fares to the Strip. So not only do I have cheap transport to the Strip when the bus is running, but if it's not, I now know all the street names to direct a cab driver if I land late at night and don't want to be longhauled. Same goes for NYC, San Francisco, wherever. I learned the NYC Subway and BART before I ever went and used it to save money getting around.
Don't ever give $ to the homeless on the Las Vegas Strip. It will not go to food. If they're truly homeless, it will go on a roulette table and further the addiction that put them there. If they're not truly homeless, it will go towards the mortgage on their $400,000 house in Henderson.
Carry a concealed firearm if you're allowed. /thread
Reasons to stay south/west of the Potomac.
Don't have garbage-ass insurance. I have insurance through my job which, while it has a high deductible, once that deductible is met I pay virtually nothing. Get over it, getting fixed costs money. Move to Scandinavia if you hate it so much.
Hey, thanks for your response. I posted a new thread about this, but since you're one of the inspectors maybe you can tell me - in trying to get a lot of ice off the car this weekend (we got stuck in the eye of the storm and our return appointment was canceled), we have now foolishly scratched up the hood with the ice scraper. Is it safe to assume we'll be dinged for this, and what's the rough cost you think we're looking at? Would it be cheaper to take it to a body shop first or just let Ford fix it? Thanks!
I live in Virginia, I'm not sure if we have anything like that, but I'll look into it...thanks!
Are you in DC proper or outside? Hello from Fairfax County. I've heard that in DC, if you have a choice, RCN is best. Edit: I see RCN doesn't service you, nevermind
First class is like $1500 a seat on a flight where coach is $100. I don't care how rich I get, I'll fly coach until I die. I ain't paying 15x more for a shitty TV dinner and some extra legroom.
6'2" and I generally fly Southwest which cramps you in a teeny bit more (but not as much as Spirit where my knees were up to my chin). Generally, my frugality wins out over my comfort, except I'll never fly Spirit again. But I've only ever flown domestic for 5 hours tops, so maybe I'd think differently if I'm flying for longer.
Good. Fuck single payer.
I feel like these days, to reduce your chances of getting taken, the big organizations are probably less likely to openly fuck you over as people who approach you. My rule of thumb is when someone asks me for money for groceries or food or something, I tell them (truthfully) that I don't carry cash (Roosevelt isn't president anymore, people) but I'm happy to accompany them into the restaurant/store and put a reasonable amount of what they need on plastic. *Once* a homeless man accompanied me into McDonalds and ran up a $15 tab (but hey, if it was his only real meal all week, fine, at least I knew it wasn't going to the liquor store). Every other time I've extended this offer, they give me a disgusted look and walk away. It doesn't bother me an ounce because if they were truly in need, they'd take my offer. They just wanted cash for something dumb.
Them and the hawkers in Ballston/Clarendon asking for donations to their shitty cause.
Places do this shit because they know that 99% of Americans won't fight them in court. They either don't have the time, money for an attorney, or know how to do it. I'm happy to be on a first name basis with the clerk of court because I will fight anyone who tries to do something unlawful while transacting with me. The best law school education in the world is on Google.
So, just to be clear, IANAL, I'm just a civilian who researches the how-to and does it "pro se." I wouldn't necessarily go after them just for posting the notice. I'm guessing there probably is some legal restriction somewhere that a lawyer could leverage to sue them right out of the gate. I just wouldn't comply because it's an unlawful addendum (and as a top commenter pointed out, you can't just amend a contract by taping something to a door), and then if they tried to fight or evict me, then I'd just be suing them for any time/money lost or, if they sued me, defend against eviction. (I've made a lawyer red in the face after he submitted some 30-page motion to the court to throw my case out and I made a 1-page response citing relevant state code that just nullified everything he worked on...not only did he waste his time, he billed his client probably thousands and was unsuccessful.) For example, right now I am in litigation against my HOA for fining me because I refuse to take down a political sign off of my balcony. My state has very clear codes regulating HOAs that say they can't do that, so I'm suing to recoup the fines I was assessed (which I paid, otherwise I could've been evicted) and punitive damages. And I've found everything with Google. The relevant code to support my argument and diminish theirs, as well as the court precedent that says how much punitive damages are warranted in this case, were all found with about 30 minutes of Google searching. The amount I'm suing for is $1,200. Their attorney has billed them at least $5,000 in defending this so far. My costs? $60 in filing and service fees, and about $5 every time I certified-mail them a pleading. So, less than a nice dinner. **Oh and PS: In the US, you aren't on the hook for the other party's attorney's fees unless you're being frivolous.** So there's virtually no risk to me.
**Fuck apartment communities, get a realtor.** I tell every prospective renter in this region to do this. Regular "just owned by some dude that he moved out of and is offering for rent" condos can be had at a steal and they're usually managed by a property management company that does just as decent a job as some huge apartment conglomerate. When you go to your local Avalon or Equity property or whatever and you see 6 people working in the leasing office and 5 maintenance staff etc... those are salaries that have to be paid for, and they are rolled into your rent, among all the other BS fees they assess you. If you rent from "some dude," you get that savings because his profit comes from nothing but the rent, and instead of dealing with a faceless corporation when shit goes wrong, you have an actual person who, by the way, cares about their investment to want to keep it in good condition. **Also, like with houses, you can negotiate price a little.** Source: I live in a 2-story penthouse in Tysons for $2000/mo which is arguably theft, and am moving to a utilities included 900sqft 1BR near Reston Town Center in a month for $1400/mo.
This could've been a porn title.
Have you tried negotiating with their retention people? Especially in a non-monopolistic market where I do have the choice to go to FIOS, I feel like I could be pretty aggressive with them on price because I wouldn't care if the ultimate option is canceling.
It's a daytime talk show, of course the audience mostly supports their bullshit. It's the same reason the audience at Jerry Springer encourages the dumbass fighting. Also, as one other person mentioned, most audiences have a "applause" light that comes on to force it whenever a producer wants it.
Oh yeah, I already have a DOCSIS 3.0 modem from Cox, and actually still have my FIOS modem they leased me back in the day because when I canceled they just...didn't ask for it back. So either way, I'll have an owned device. Shame about X1 though. My folks have that in WV and I did find it kind of neat to be able to talk to the thing.
Yeah, fortunately, I can choose between Comcast or FIOS, so, given the feedback on this thread, I guess I'll go FIOS and just suffer the slower speeds in favor of just less shitty customer service.
When I lived in Wheeling, WV, there was a bookstore in town that was very similar. Similar owner, rules on the door, and also, he left it unlocked all the time on the honor system, just saying "leave the money on the desk if you want something, or come back and pay me later." It was on the front page of Reddit a long time ago.
It... It was in the article
After which what?
I hate this guy but at least this I can get on board with.
Positive. And it wasn't that slow, DSL would've resulted in like 3Mbps speeds. I was just getting 10 Mbps at night when everyone was home but about 50 Mbps or so during the day if I worked from home. And that was also during their spat with Netflix which I don't know if that was ever resolved, but it was impossible to stream. This was in an Avalon building built in the late 1990s and the wall did indeed have an Ethernet port, but the installer came out and said "this isn't going to work," gutted it out, and re crimped an RJ11 wall plate on right there. Then when I was having slow speeds a second guy came out, changed it back, then when it didn't work at all, a third guy came out, said the first guy was right, put it back to RJ11 and then informed me it's because it's an apartment building so the feed comes into the telephone room and has to be shared between units.
I had a really shitty store manager when I worked as a supervisor at this dumb cupcake shop that was a mismanaged from the top down. Admittedly, I foolishly let one of my staff run a personal errand while on the clock, since I was told "it'll only be 5 minutes." Well, 45 minutes later he hadn't come back and wasn't answering his phone, and since I didn't have the power to write people up, I reported this to the store manager. She had already written me up previously for some very petty things - dishes were left out to dry overnight instead of being stored away (just to be brought back out 6 hours later when we reopened), etc. etc. Well, this time, she wrote me up for letting this employee go run an errand on company time. At the time I was pissed, but now looking back, I suppose that was fair. What *wasn't* fair was she didn't write him up at all for not coming back within the time he said, or also being complicit in using company time for a personal errand... So when she handed me my write-up to sign, I handed it back to her with my resignation scrawled in the "Employee comments" section. Two weeks later the company declared bankruptcy.
I wouldn't say "friends," but in Honors English, she sat in front of me, and I kind of knew her. Just happened to be surfing a site one day, 6 years later, when I saw this video, and of course she's using a pseudonym, and I'm like "damn, that really looks like..." so I text the girl who sat to my left in that same class and said "So hey this is going to be weird, but I was watching this video and I'm pretty sure this is soandso" and she responded "You didn't know?!"
Literally every two days I have problems with the USPS not doing their job, both here in Tysons and at my PO Box in Clarendon. This is what happens when you have a bunch of unionized workers impervious to being fired if they fuck up, which is hourly.
Just scalpers. I've never seen lawn seats go for more than $25 if you buy direct from Wolf Trap. And as lawn is first come first serve, you *might* still be able to buy direct from them, I don't know if they have a mechanism to cut those off since you don't know how much space the lawn can really accommodate. EDIT: Didn't read your OP, so okay, I guess they are sold out. Weird.
I only honk if people aren't moving when traffic ahead of them is moving because they're being idiots and dicking around with their phones.
I've been IDed but that's because I get a discounted rate through Student Advantage. Barring that, I don't think regular fares are carded though. It's just to make sure you aren't sharing your discount card with a bunch of people.
Get a realtor.
You still shouldn't be using your phone at the wheel. Idiot.
Not necessarily. Only if you get bumped, and this is stated on your very link. Southwest has "mechanical problems" on every other flight I take and they don't reimburse jack for that, and federal law doesn't make them, either.
&gt; How is someone supposed to survive on that little? Especially in D.C. Live in Manassas. People who work at the Mickey D's at Times Square don't live in Times Square, and probably don't live in the South Bronx either.
Do you live in apartments/condos? If so, set up a 5 GHz network. Your router probably chatters in 2.4 GHz by default, and so does everyone else's, so there's a lot of interference on that frequency which is going to slow down your connection by way of your router having to spend more time trying to identify which packets are yours in the fray of it all. This doesn't manifest all the time every time every where, but I've noticed a huge difference by using a frequency no one else in my building uses.
It's called the law, but whatever, keep being a moron. I'll enjoy suing the shit out of you if you ever rear-end me because of your inattentiveness and contribution to being part of the lowest common denominator.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say you've never run a business.
Wow, so intelligent that you can only recycle one non-insult over and over again. Nice limited vocabulary. I hope you get in an accident and die.
I mean, you could provide details then of the type and size of business that you run and how you think this wage is sustainable without breaking your bottom line, or just get defensive and cry that someone said something not nice and covered with cupcakes and flowers to you on the Internet and log off. PS the latter one means you have no spine and therefore shouldn't be running a business.
I would reverse those. Vacations are nice but I'd put away more for savings like emergencies or retirement than I would for a trip.
This is why Louis CK won't perform at venues that are contracted with Ticketmaster, because Ticketmaster is too easy to be botted and has gone so far as even allowing sanctioned scalping on their own site. He has contracted in a way that if tickets are found for sale, they can be yanked from that owner and put back into the regular marketplace. Every performer should do this, but most won't.
&gt; HOAs aren't for-profit Some of them are. Mine is run by Gates Hudson, who is totally in it for the money. They spend as little money as possible and charge as much as possible.
I was mega unimpressed with Paddy Barry's when it was Finnegan's. Has there been any substantial change? As Finnegan's, there was one guy waiting tables, tending bar, and probably cooking, the place was dead at 6pm on a Friday, and the food was a C-.
This is a little far, but I work in Columbia, MD about once a week. There are phenomenal fajitas at R&amp;R Taqueria in what I guess is technically Jessup...and it's in the Shell station at the corner of Rt. 175 and Rt. 1. Watching the staff, they were clearly people who had practiced being just barely code compliant - e.g. using the same glove to touch raw, touch cooked foods, and collect money but watching as they ensure they use different fingers for each activity - but the food was delicious.
/u/trollabot Matchboxx
CZs.
I've always heard that your LTC is upgraded after a year of having it...is that true or false?
They charge just as much as Walmart; and I refuse to buy from Amazon, they're a terrible company. But thanks for the suggestion.
Yeah I tried searching there and just got 20 spam ads for a local moving company. :(
Here's the thing, folks. Everyone on here is in agreement that this is disgusting. So were the ads in the Madden games yesterday. But until you all stop buying these games *period* and use your buying power to turn off their revenue stream, nothing will change. And sadly, even if all of /r/gaming did this, the lowest common denominators of the world will still buy this stuff (and that's who they are catering to). Those of us who know this stuff is scummy and who want change make up a very small group of customers.
If we're punishing that sonofabitch by making him wear Trump gear then I'm ok with it.
I mean... I got an American Express. So I'm in the first grouping. It's not like you have to pay-to-play to get a free credit card.
Of course it's a fucking Mercedes.
I still hope the driver with the camera sued the living-goddamn-shit out of the idiot in the Mercedes. It's the only way those stupid entitled fucks will learn.
This is still passing.
All that shrubbery and they choose the 3 feet of open space where people on the river can see...
ThinkGeek used to sell a helicopter that would fly away when your alarm sounded. To get the alarm off you had to go find the helicopter and return it to the base station.
Yeah it's because I dissed unions and people here think they're the solution instead of the problem.
He intentionally fucked over a private company to do his bidding. If he wants to fuck over the government, I don't care. But yes, he has implicated others in the process of his actions and did it with flagrant disregard and I look forward to the civil case we will be filing against him if he ever shows up on shore again. I don't care about criminal charges.
The DC area is getting these stupid traffic circles everywhere. I find they slow you down because the prevailing road will always have more people entering the circle and the secondary road will always have to yield, and during rush hour, that can be for a very long time. Takes way too long.
A friend of ours just had a graduation party at the Oakwood Falls Church near Seven Corners and said it was "cheap" compared to other places. How cheap, I'm not sure, but it was a fairly modest room, so it may be worth looking into.
To me, that sounds like it's for if the contractor were committing fraud/waste/abuse against the government client and the whistleblower reported it to the client - not revealing classified information exposing the government. Not my problem, that's for the lawyers to figure out. I'd be much more satisfied if his body just washes ashore with no teeth or fingerprints.
We could use this in the US.
Great Falls, VA has all kinds of crazy signs about this along the Potomac, like fear mongering signs saying "YOU WILL FUCKING DIE" because idiots still make this mistake routinely. Quite frankly, I'd say leave the signs down. Makes for great population control.
SkipLagged is neat if you don't mind not checking a bag and running the risk of them catching you, but it's not illegal in any way. http://skiplagged.com The gist is that flights with a connection in the city you want but terminate at a different city (e.g. IAD-&gt;DEN-&gt;LAS) are cheaper than flying direct (IAD-&gt;DEN). When you get to the connection which is actually your destination, you just...leave. Did it once to get to SFO and saved $250 on two tickets. It wasn't bad, but I was biting my nails the whole time because there was barely room for my carry on, and if they gate-checked it, it would have gone to Seattle.
As a private business, they ultimately reserve the right to just not fly you. And then you're stuck there. Paying full price on the spot with another airline to get there, or going home miserable. I've only heard of very few accounts of this happening. Instead, they've taken to the smarter practice of just jacking the fares up for the flights Skiplagged advertises so that it's usually not as good of a deal.
I'm not talking about what he revealed and what the government has or hasn't done. You keep thinking I care about any of that. That is completely besides the point. If he was able to do that without tarnishing my company's reputation and making DoDCAF way less likely to trust any other applicants from our organization because of what he had done, then I wouldn't hate him. But I almost lost *my* job because I couldn't get cleared for almost a year because the government didn't want to grant us more clearances after his transgressions (I was squeaky-fucking-clean so once I got my Congressman involved they finally let up; my colleagues weren't so lucky). So yes, he fucked with my job, and fuck him because of that. He knew what he knew about Prism before he switched companies, he didn't need to scapegoat with us.
Yeah, I had always wondered that myself and then once I found this service, I figured out why so many people miss flights. (The practice has been around for 30 years, just SkipLagged is the first service that does the searching and the math for you, rather than having to manually search rates/routes). That said, I don't think they delay the plane. I'm pretty sure they pull away on time if you don't show, that's why they board 30 minutes early. So if it's 5 minutes prior to boarding time and *everyone* besides Joe Smith is on the plane, they'll call him a few times, and when it's time to leave and he's still not there, they just leave. The only way I can see this delaying a plane further is if the flight itself were delayed so they weren't able to leave on time and therefore granted extra time for people who may have wandered to get a snack.
I sure would like to read this if WaPo wasn't being all stupid about article limits.
Ad revenue is a pretty big cash cow, and it seemed to serve WaPo just fine for the last several years. Only recently did they change and it's probably Bezos just trying to bleed a turnip. Also "good journalism" and "WaPo" are mutually exclusive. This article doesn't do it, but most of their articles now have clickbait-esque titles. They've started pandering to the lowest common denominator.
Yeah, so in the case of SkipLagged, you wouldn't have checked bags in your name unless you're doing it wrong, so they should just bail without you if you're not there come departure time.
I don't know hard numbers about the newspaper business, but I do know that Google, Yahoo, Bing, et al run a buttload of free services exclusively off of ad revenue, and while they're probably bigger than WaPo, WaPo isn't exactly small. Playing their cards right, they can get ads to fund a lot of stuff without them being intrusive. Also, other news sites use advertising to fund their journalism - I don't have to pay to read on BBC, Al Jazeera, or any of the cable news sites.
I went to shitty public school in West Virginia and even our underfunded pieces of crap had software to do that. The teacher made a bank of questions with multiple choice answers and the computer could spit out dozens of various tests where it had mixed them all around every which way. I had one teacher who actually put it to work and each student had a different version of the test.
I'm sure the expense involved in deploying a television station is much greater than the expense to print and distribute a paper - which by the way they do for free with the Express, which is supported by ads. Also, other print media sites have their articles listed for free: Washington Times, Baltimore Sun, Frederick News Post, etc. I get where you're coming from, but I also hate Jeff Bezos, and this just reeks of his money-grubbing-whoreism, the same thing that ruined Amazon for me. This isn't about staying in the black, this is about increasing the black as much as possible to be insanely profitable while making the user experience shitty.
Shut up.
Holy shit. Sanders isn't the answer to everything. What did you have for lunch today? Sanders?
Ooh, fake Internet points, what ever shall I do?! You're very superficial if you think these up/downvotes matter, and that's probably why you're voting for Bernie. You're more worried about Reddit karma than having your real-life affairs in order.
Hey, I gave him a fair chance when he took over WaPo. I'm just saying that he's doing the same thing he did to Amazon: ruining it. It was fine for awhile and I was willing to give him credit, but then he ruined it.
That's probably why you don't have a job, or not one that pays the bills. I sure wouldn't want an obsessive hippie like yourself in my employ.
&gt;currently the #6 website in the world That doesn't mean much. Americans are stupid, lazy people, so of course Amazon still appeals to them so they don't have to go to a store and interact with other humans to still get probably the same price because most stores now honor Amazon's pricing. &gt;Please explain how the guy who founded Amazon ... is "ruining" it? They keep cheapening out on the delivery process for Prime. They switched from UPS 2nd Day Air which was actually reliable to Lasership, which is some dude paid minimum wage to carry your stuff around in his 2002 Honda Civic, and therefore doesn't care if it actually gets there are not. Things are delayed beyond the 2-day promise, or they are delivered to the wrong places, or they're too lazy to actually come *in* to the apartments to make a delivery and just leave it outside my building to be stolen. This will only get worse now with Amazon Flex where literally anyone can sign up to deliver for them in an Uber fashion. They also force you to keep gift cards tied to one account and they are non-transferable. My girlfriend sold back some textbooks a few weeks ago and is sitting on $175 of Amazon credit, but does not have Prime. We need oil for our cars, so I figure, let's use some of it on that (AutoZone is one of the few that won't match Amazon). Oh, you *have* to have Prime to order oil. But you can't transfer it to someone who does have Prime to order it for you. What? Why not just charge us the shipping? Oil is heavy, I'm prepared to pay for that. Why ban me from the item entirely until I pay for your overpriced yet unreliable 2-day shipping service? Amazon is now becoming like Costco where you have to pay-to-play by refusing to let you purchase an item unless you're a member. Lastly, Amazon was [found to treat their employees like shit](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/16/technology/inside-amazon-wrestling-big-ideas-in-a-bruising-workplace.html?_r=0) and most people on Reddit agreed that Bezos was indeed a psychopath. But, his shit is cheap and people today won't stand up for themselves so they accept it when Amazon loses their stuff and doesn't compensate them, and somehow Reddit, who generally hates the rich getting richer, is ok with this guy spending as little as humanly possible on the delivery process, furthering the problem and not resolving it, to get more money in his pockets. I can avoid all of these problems by driving to Walmart. They price match Amazon, my stuff isn't delayed/lost/left out in the weather, and I don't have to be a member to qualify to purchase certain items. And they treat their employees equally as shitty, so that just cancels out, sadly. I don't have a TL;DR for you here, sorry, I think I've given a pretty detailed explanation as to why Amazon sucks.
Good thing I don't work in DC. Your creeper status is pitiful.
And you do? You're the one quibbling over a voting system rather than telling an idiotic hippie to get the fuck off of Reddit with his moronic "praise Bernie!" bullshit. I don't dislike Bernie but goddamn you people have a cult problem.
Well, your doubt has failed you. But good try at a shitty insult. I am in a managerial position because unlike most Bernouts, I worked for my keep, and had an aspiration to make money so that I can pay my bills *myself*, not relying on others.
Always quick pick. Never pick your own numbers.
It wasn't, but ok.
Yep, this is what I came to link to. This is one of my favorite musicals.
Sanders isn't exactly broke, either. I'd kill for a $250k income.
How? How is terrible customer service and failure to deliver orders not making for a shitty company? Furthermore, you're not even countering with decent points, you're just flippantly telling me off, so quite frankly, you're wasting my time.
I didn't say that, and I don't think you understand what "literally" means or how quotes work. I used Americans are *stupid* and lazy, not fat, as a supporting statement for why Amazon continues to succeed, since you provided the point that Amazon can't possibly suck because of their current position. I then provided very clear reasons as to why they have lost my business, and if you chose not to read them, then you are just a shitty debater, and you *are* wasting my time, and apparently fall into the category of people I think are keeping Amazon in the black.
The WaPo guides and other guides I've seen were just too complicated, mostly because they were showing everything for the next year. Figured it was easier to see what just mattered now.
I don't know how much Chipotle pays, but I don't think it's only $7.50 in VA because they "can." Chipotle hires pretty good people, and they're only going to stick around if they're at least being paid somewhat fairly - at least $10, I'm assuming.
I live a block away from my office :3
"Hillary Clinton clinches nomination: Here's how she did it" sounds kind of clickbaity to me...
This is planned. I just released this quickly so no one else beat me to the punch :) Before this span of work is over, there will be a 1 or 2 day warning of the next phase.
Yep this is planned.
That might be a little difficult to implement but I'll look into it.
So, in my overpriced area, $13 doesn't buy a movie ticket - there's a few bucks overage. No biggie, until Fandango revealed the Rotten Tomatoes rating of 18% on Warcraft... no thanks. I'm not subsidizing a movie rated shittier than Batman v. Superman. But thanks for the thought, John.
The word isn't imagination, that's called fraud.
I'm more concerned about how to make it fit in the layout without making it longer than a page. Right now it looks like it'll fit because only one thing is happening, but when there's two maintenance windows running concurrently, and I'm adding the feature to show what's happening tomorrow - it may not leave enough viewport to show a chunk of the map.
What hospital lets people smoke? All the ones around me are smoke-free campuses, so if you're an employee taking a smoke break, you literally have to get in your car and drive a mile away.
Dominos didn't mind, but Wendy's sure did. The "Crew Code" didn't appear on the app - apparently a known issue because the cashier immediately recognized the app and got her manager - and the manager was muttering under her breath the whole time "this is going to get annoying real quick" as she did a manager override that on the receipt was literally called "T-Mobile."
&gt; plus 3.5k other civil suits. Somebody's been watching their John Oliver.
I think it demonstrates a little too much naïveté when people try to question Trump supporters' supporting a border wall and Muslim ban. Let's be realistic. That was all just to rouse crowds. Neither will ever pass Congress, and probably won't ever even be pitched to Congress. But people take these things as gospel. If there's one thing we should've learned by now, candidates don't fulfill on all of their promises, especially not the more radical ones. Obama had some radical left ideas, and besides ACA, didn't act on most of them.
Fraud covers everything from one penny to trillions of dollars. It doesn't matter the amount. You are defrauding the movie industry. Simple as that. If you can sleep at night knowing that you are, by definition, a criminal - however unlikely it is that you'll ever pay up for your crime - that's fine with me. But the facts are, quite simply, you are a criminal.
https://gfycat.com/NippyKindLangur
Is this really NSFW because it has a dirty word? How many 6 year olds surf this sub?
"Pressing" just means to recycle the payout right back into raising the bet, right? Or is that adding any amount?
*semiautomatic
Based on another commenter, is a unit $5?
Oh. Never saw Austin Powers. I'm one of those folks that you can name most popular movies and I've just never seen them.
Your ex is a shitty attorney then, and you should be glad you quit that. Look up your state law's definition of fraud. Your actions fall under it. You'll be unlikely to ever be prosecuted, but by definition, you are a criminal. And that's all you'll ever be.
That's fine. At least I do what's right.
No, I think obeying the law and not being dishonest or fraudulent in my day-to-day life is "doing what's right." I don't see what's so difficult to understand. Also, you meant "your."
My thing is more if its safe or not. Walmart meat is cheaper, but it's not from an actual deli - it comes prepackaged, just like Aldi and TJ's - and that gives me the skeeves for some reason. Also, Walmart has been known to put some chemical in their meat - I forget what it is exactly, but it's bad for you, and most grocer's besides them have taken it out.
They won't like this answer, but being safe isn't a constitutional right. Owning a firearm is. You could go a step further and argue that by way of your rights under the 2nd, you have the right to be safe, but a lot of people don't feel that way because they've let the media convince them that guns are bad and dangerous and yet they've never actually touched one in their lives. And that's fine. I'm not telling anybody they have to own a gun. But don't restrict my right to own one because of a very, very small percentage of people who abuse the right (and will continue abusing the right no matter what gun control laws you pass).
[In Paul We Trust.](http://cafepress.com/inpaulwetrust)
I didn't even read the price. HOAs are not worth it. If you want to truly OWN your home, do not live in an HOA.
That would work, if there wasn't so many Apple fanboys who will buy anything Apple no matter what it forces upon them. It's a cult. I'm part of it - I like my iPhone better than I liked any of my Androids - but I've seen some *crazy* Apple fans, and also resellers from overseas, and Apple will have no problem exceeding quotas regardless of us voting with our buying power.
One time I worked in my university's admissions office making phone call followups to people who filled out their information when we had a table at some high school or college fair. I called one once whose name was something like Samantha, and the person who answered the phone was a deep-voiced man. I asked if Samantha was available, and he asked if this was "some kind of a sick joke." Apparently, she died. I don't know what happened. But the call ended with him basically saying "she's dead you asshole" and slamming the phone down. I took her name out of our registry.
This. Why would I go out and pay $10 for something I can make at home for $0.50?
No, it actually is. It's almost entirely run by /pol/.
&gt; Which makes you wonder what their fucking job is. Count their money. That's it. They don't owe you anything from a website administration perspective. They have a bunch of volunteers doing that for them, they just need to keep the peace enough to keep getting ad revenue. And, well, none of you are leaving yet, eh? Money's still coming in, that's all that matters.
Not really. It's a good way to lose viewers since most of Reddit disagrees with Trump's views...but there hasn't been a mass exodus yet since Pao. So, right now, it's not a pressing concern. I don't think they're going to lose advertisers because there's still plenty of Americans who are pro-Trump who will view those ads by participating in /r/The_Donald. Also, my argument might be moot, I just realized Reddit's advertiser presence is a solid D-, it's mostly ads for other subs. Actually, wasn't there a report a while back that Reddit was hemorrhaging money?
Can we get Shitty Watercolour to do this?
I don't trust anyone with a vehicle worth over $30k.
I live in a ritzy neighborhood with lots of these luxury cars and I have a project truck I'm working on. The body is beat to shit and I literally got the tax man to reassess it at $750. I find a Benz/BMW that parked on the line and also park on the same line. Go ahead, ding my shitty truck.
Sounds like they're a shitty business that is too incompetent to deal with supply and demand, which is literally taught on the first day of any Business 101. I've never been impressed with Dominos understaffing and quality, so this will only cause them to lose my business entirely. I won't spend a rat cent there.
Maybe they should have communicated better to individual store managers, but that's 100% on them as a corporation. I don't have any sympathy for their unpreparedness here. This was a contract likely worked out months in advance - it's extremely doubtful like T-Mobile told them a week before Uncarrier that "hey we're going to do this" - and Dominos' home office completely **failed** it's customers and it's franchisees by not only not initially gauging supply and demand, but rather than adjusting to meet demand, pulling out of the deal altogether.
Works for me, means I can carry. EDIT: Ah, there's the downvote.
Not really. Ballston parking garage is like $1 for the first 59135 hours and only a few blocks away, and street parking shouldn't be too rough, though it has a 2 hour cap.
I'm just tired of explaining to people that AR-15s are not fully automatic... oh and btw, Mateen didn't have one. Per the Orlando police statements, he had a Sig MCX. But fuck journalistic ethics, amirite?
Yeah, apparently due process doesn't mean anything anymore.
I've said on the 2A that I would rather have an Orlando a month than to have my right to protect my family taken away. Sorry not sorry. People lash out, and I say well the mainstream media abuses the 1A right? "Well...yeah" So should we take it away from everyone? "No..." I'd rather have sensationalized and unsourced bullshit news on 24/7 than not have the freedom of speech/expression/press
Yeah but then you'd have to Metro to Virginia Square, with a transfer. I think Lincoln was specifically talking about parking near Quincy Park for the meetup. The Ballston garage does have monthly options, but it is connected to the mall so it has hourly options, and it's ridiculously cheap (comparatively).
Uhhh. If you stray away from large businesses because the people at the helm are conservative, you're going to be dealing with small businesses almost exclusively. (John is liberal but I'm pretty confident the Board is not)
The point is really more that you can't trust the press about this stuff. They get on their soap box and start perpetuating it's an AR-15 because that's a hot word that helps them push their agenda. These sheep won't realize the media is playing them like a fiddle unless you point out these factual errors between what the press is reporting and what Orlando PD actually stated in their report.
I remember he got in a twitter frenzy once about something that I'm pretty sure was liberal...
That's...materially important information. They can just say "a gun."
It's in, BTW - I put it in shortly after your suggestion and today it appears it's working as expected - http://safetrack.work
It's in, BTW - I put it in shortly after your suggestion and today it appears it's working as expected - http://safetrack.work
It's automated. I put in date triggers for all of these things back when I launched it, and now it just runs against the calendar.
I got the information from the Washington Post, but wrote the descriptions myself.
You're the one having your comments gutted by the mods, so apparently, *someone* cares about your poor attitude and lack of civility.
Which Obama?
This is Virginia. We have guns. I'm staying put.
I dunno...according to the Huffington Post my AR-15 is a killing machine designed for war. At 700 rounds per second, I think I can shred some serious alien butt.
An assault shotgun? I saw a "NowThis" video on Facebook that told me those fire 700 rounds per second, too, and you can buy them without a background check at Wegmans.
A friend of mine wanted "GIGGITY" plates once, but it was taken. So he got "G1GG1TY" to get around it. Well, then "GIGGITY" guy committed a crime, so my friend soon found himself pulled over, with 4 other cops coming in backup, and on the ground in cuffs. Fun times.
Not really. This only regularly happens here because we have easy access to firearms (because it's hard coded into our culture and Constitution). It's not like, of 25 countries with similarly easy access to firearms, the US is the only one this happens in... then the title would make more sense.
So if they're trying to advocate for just a nationwide gun ban, then they're idiots.
You're a criminal because you are willfully defrauding a commercial business. And like it or not, that is codified as a crime. Why you just won't admit to it and move on is beyond me.
I vaguely remember hearing a story about some guy breaking and entering and just stealing TV remotes to drive the residents crazy looking for them. For some reason I think that was a Dane Cook bit.
You have TWO sins in your username. This guy checks out.
He's on fire, so Metro doesn't have to be. :)
Not paying off your credit cards in full. It's amazing how many people seem to think that a creditor will rate you more favorably on your credit report for carrying a balance and paying interest to "help them make some money." That's not how credit reports work. They aren't a function of how cool of a bro your creditors think you are. They are hands down a reflection of your repayment habits. Pay off every dime if you can, save yourself the interest.
Yeah, I've been splitting a BJ's membership (wholesale club) with my same-sex roommate for 5 years.
Dude you are literally everywhere.
Outside of /r/nova I see you as a top commenter in default subs like at least once a week haha...
No, that resolution sounds fair. But had they actually charged you for services that were never rendered, for whatever reason, that would be a lawsuit. They can refuse refunds and just make you reschedule for another time, but they can't just say, well, thanks for the money, you get nothing.
It's very common for private landlords - not Avalon, etc. - to get skittish about anything just because their profit margins are a lot thinner than a corporate property. Some are very, very picky and only approve apps from borderline perfect people. If your app's been approved and he's taken it off the market (confirm that with your realtor if you have one), then you probably have a little more leverage to negotiate the lease. That said, most leases I've seen for condos are standard from the Northern Virginia Association of Realtors. It's just a template. For him to modify it and add a clause he'd either have to write up a separate amendment to it, or write a whole new document, which is a PITA. Anyway, even with this clause lacking, the policy I've heard of is that you can move out and they will relist the unit, and you're responsible for renting the empty place until it's rented by another tenant. That's not as bad as the full year, assuming it gets interest and is rented by someone else within 1-2 months, but still not as great as being able to just show him a cool job offer and bow out early. That's a privilege generally only afforded at corporate properties that are comfortable with and adjusted to lots of turnover. **TL;DR** He probably won't screw you on it as-is, but you also don't want to sign something if you really, truly don't agree to it, so it's your call on how to proceed. All in all, if you really think you'll want to ditch because a cool job offer crops up, private renting may not be for you.
I'm starting to feel like we need a /r/WoodbridgeMan.
I thought a few years ago WMATA deployed a policy that yes, customers were permitted to use all station bathrooms, just ask staff to let you in. EDIT: &gt;"He said that I had abused my bathroom privileges and that I wasn't allowed to use it -- that I was using it as an excuse," The fuck? This isn't middle school, she wasn't trying to get out of class with repeated bathroom visits. EDIT 2: &gt;"He immediately jumped up. He went, unlocked the bathroom and said, 'Yup, News4 already called us,'" the expectant mom said. Oh shut the fuck up with this "check out how cool the I-Team is, they named us" garbage.
Just gotta do a little dance.
