Plus they've started giving out Astrobolt and player bigheads for the fans to wave around. I've gotten one the past 2 home games and it's silly fun.
&gt; like if you were going to travel to another planet, which 3 hockey players would you take? Answers without Bryzy deemed invalid.
[I had a rough fucking night, man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JlmvtAHhnc).
Love the Stabley cap. We're gonna try to get it down next season for a photo, since my BFF is a huge Devil's fan and lives up there.
JT Brown scores the series-winning goal.
Clearly not. He just blocks most of the net. That's why Lindback who was only 1" was so good, too. /s
Nah, you're good. I'd hate to be called a Sharks bandwagoner if you guys were in the SCF and I'm pretty much the reverse. Burns isn't my *favorite* player, but he's definitely in the top 5.
Then be forced to finish their bottle, if playing the drinking game.
I won't say we're necessarily the best, but I definitely like where we are now and in the upcoming seasons. We're still marinating and sheltering prospects like Drouin, Vasilevskiy, Erne, DeAngelo, ^^and ^^Gudlevskis and we're obviously having success now. This season's playoffs is actually a bit of a happy surprise for most Bolts fans.
Seeing Gudlevskis would make me happy, but not like this.
They don't appear to have them online, but they **do** sell them. Assuming you mean the Reebok Edge jersey. You could call the team store or [here](http://www.coolhockey.com/m15/Tampa-Bay-Lightning/index.html?cPath=102) is Cool Hockey's listing for them.
[Here we go again](http://media.giphy.com/media/lhqr0oD1ujbkk/giphy.gif). Bartender, pour me another and make it a double.
People who don't live here (or who haven't visited for any period of time) have no idea just how far out of the way the Trop is from a large part of the Tampa Bay area *and* what a craphole that area around the arena has been for most of its existence. Don't get me started on the Trop itself, either.
&gt;opposing fans shouldn't be allowed to buy tickets Not online direct from the team, no. This allows the locals to get first dibs on the tickets. For the record, that was squat to me. I had a presale code for the first batch of tickets released (9am) and those sold out in under 3 minutes. I didn't get any and nobody else I knew - locals - managed to score any direct from the team. Everyone I know, Lightning or Hawks fan, has had to buy secondary market. In previous rounds, away fans were able to call the box office and acquire tickets directly without a problem. &gt;represent their team when they happen to be playing in the building That's not what is going on here. Chicago fans are welcome to wear their attire in all but 7% of the premium club/lounge seats in the arena and, I assure you, they will do so. There have literally been a handful of people impacted by this policy all playoffs and those were STMs of those seats who happen to have another team (Detroit or NY, typically) as a "primary" team. I feel like I've tried to clarify this issue for months now. It's not a big deal. It hasn't had much of an impact. I'm a Lightning STM who has attended every playoff game, so I probably have a better on the ground view on this than some random hockey writer in Chicago. The away team is **well** represented here.
[I called this earlier!!!!](http://i214.photobucket.com/albums/cc45/snesfreak/Community/Season%203/S03E04/yahtzee.gif)
[Han has it right](http://www.formidablecourage.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/never-tell-me-the-odds.jpeg)
He picked us to lose every series. Fuck that guy.
Fuck the non-believers. I'll take some of that pizza if they don't want it.
I'd need to become friends with the Mayor. We have awesome beer in Tampa, but man...so does Chicago.
LOL "youth" jersey :-P
Better than Uno's, but your question is valid.
&gt;It's enough to make any true Blackhawks fan who lives in Florida There's your problem right there.
[THIS](https://tctechcrunch2011.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/panic.gif) is pretty much me right now.
&gt; If you're going tonight, cheer extra loud for me, please. Will do!
Neither do I, since I have a zillion already. Good luck finding a taker!
Channelside Bay Plaza has allowed dogs in the past. Mostly they've been smaller, though.
This brought back many feels.
You and me both :-(
We have so few celebrity supporters. Let us have this one. Uh...who is this guy, again?
Heart attack or liver failure. One is gonna get me.
Can confirm :-(
You are awesome!!!
Astrobolt is apparently AWOL.
Fuck the last 45 minutes of that game. Shark-level choking.
Cool. Thanks. We're looking at 2nd Avenue and 23rd. Can see Ikea from our yard. At 1,000 sq ft with a small yard, ix-nay on the large dog. Security system for sure, though!
Considering the jersey rule only applies to 7% of seats, your math doesn't add up.
So many feels.
There is - Engine #9. It's owned by one of the Esposito's kids. Long haul for a post-game celebration, though.
The revenue the team is getting doesn't change at all and every single playoff game was sold out. The secondary market was certainly impacted, but that's not the Lightning's concern.
But don't shorten it to TJ or you'll get confused with JT! No wonder Chief has issues.
JUST YOU FUCKING WAIT. WE'LL GET 'EM TOMORROW. ^^PLEASE?
SWITZERLAND IS OVERRATED. SOURCE: JUNIOR YEAR OF COLLEGE
I really didn't want him anyway? Sorry, but I didn't.
I think he means [this](http://www.sptimes.com/2004/06/09/Tampabay/TIA_now_verifies_flig.shtml).
Not a bad choice!
Astrobolt inception is happening. I got a t-shirt.
I should probably say something here other than 'MOTHER FUCKING YEAH!!!!!!!' but the room is still spinning.
Oh god. Please no. Also, I'm not hot. So there's that.
The usual deal is $2 Bud Light drafts for watch parties. However, they're not advertising that in the promotions. The lack of info and my fear that ONLY Bud Light will be available (BLECH) are keeping me from attending tonight.
Nope. No coolers allowed. Edited to add: Bud Light is the sponsor for the party, thus the cooler kibosh.
Stamkos is very shy. He does the PR stuff when needed, but he's not naturally extroverted like Ben or TyJo. Still a really nice guy, just not comfortable with huge crowds (from what I've seen).
I went to both games. In the lower bowl. There were plenty of Hawks fans. Yep.
I'm putting out a Bolts Blue alert in the State of Florida if he goes missing.
Lightning 3-2. GWG scored by Stammer. No OT, because that's not how we roll.
[#Goaliewatch](https://twitter.com/michellegingras/status/607946186402721793)
SETTLE DOWN
At least they've stopped bitching about the ticket/jersey nonsense. #PoopGate is more entertaining.
Bishop in net confirmed!
Oh, I've seen him ;-)
Fuck that guy.
Fuck Milbury with a cucumber. Nobody on Tampa does anything well.
The nice thing about going to games and watch parties is missing this fucking idiot open his pie hole.
What's the beer selection like?
GOING BACK TO TO CALI!!!!!
FUCK HIM UP KILLER
Was a good penalty to take, but definitely a penalty.
Sustr/Carle will cost us the cup at this rate. We can't get the puck out of our zone when they're on the ice.
Cycle Brewing from St. Pete, but we have rare-ish Cigar City Cafe Americano Double Stout (11%) on deck next.
I didn't even go over there. Ain't nobody got time for 'dat.
Fuck that. Glad I grabbed some growlers and stayed home :-/
More Bishop? Time for 11% beer.
Fucking Carle.
Loving this reffing.
[From Bolts Prospects](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CHBcPt9UcAAGFwI.jpg). It's accurate.
Yep.
MUTE button activated.
Dude. We're not wealthy. We're moving to Ybor FFS. But we do like good beer.
Of course?
Fuck those guys.
Bish: FUCK YO COUCH
NOT CHELSEA DAGGER
People constantly underestimate us. To their peril.
Uh. Milbury said something nice about us and I'm not on acid....
Pretty sure I'm getting evicted soon.
I live in Tampa, so I'm down!
[Paquetville song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBPEaUB8WBU) courtesy of /u/kylmak.
Simple statement. We're better on the road. Never said we're a different team, only that we're better. Our record, in the playoffs, reflects that. It basically negates the home advantage teams think they have. See also: Rangers, game 7.
I'm still salty with Hattrick's for refusing TO PLAY HOCKEY ON TV for most of the regular season.
Agreed. There are areas of Tampa that I consider far more dangerous than Ybor, but I'm still not likely to leave my doors unlocked or anything. The recession hit Ybor so hard, because it was reliant on disposable income going to restaurants, bars and other entertainment. Tons of investment going into Ybor right now, which is why we're looking at buying. Not just bars/clubs this time, but residential companies buying up older homes and restoring them for sale or rental. We're looking at a historically restored 90 year-old bungalow, for example. I think with the direction Channelside is heading, you'll see development move towards Ybor along the streetcar line. Or at least we hope!
I want to say last time it was $10 to get in and that it was donated to charity? I could be wrong, though.
We stocked up yesterday. Thank Jeebus.
Key lime pie and Cigar City beer is in the fridge :-)
I've missed 3 watch parties and zero home games all playoffs. I had a big day today that required an early night's rest. Take your shaming elsewhere, thanks.
I'd like to say I won't continue to boo Marty next season, but a lot depends on what he does. Everytime I think I've stopped being angry at traitor hobbit, he opens his mouth and says something shitty about Tampa.
We also boo Subban, but that's just NHL tradition.
Dammit, Coop. I like bats. Not cool :-(
I mean, I could say that the Lightning have won the Stanley Cup every time they made the final. Because 1/1 thus far ^^SHUT ^^UP ^^CALGARY. Yay stats. What matters is the score at the end of the game tonight. Nothing else.
Nothing confirmed yet. Upper-body injury, but Q's last quote is that he should be OK for tonight. Will update if I see something different.
Le Cart du Golf
[Not at morning skate](https://twitter.com/renlavoietva/status/608658849420177410), for what that's worth.
&gt; I was too busy calling him Brewer 2.0 all regular season Wait..what? Brewer is defense and his problem was being too slow (due to age). All things considered, Brewer actually had a decent shot. Brown is a young forward and fast as shit. His problem is being able to actually hit the goddamn net on one of his nightly breakaways. I don't see any comparison there at all.
Celebrity is certainly more adult and with fewer/no kids, which is why I switched over from Royal. If you do choose Celebrity, I'd recommend something like Reflection. It's a larger ship with a ton of activities, but not as large as Oasis.
Seriously. I've decided to stay in tonight. Everywhere outdoors is going to be swampy.
I...uh...I'm keeping #50. Just in case :-)
TyJo really injured. It so shows :-(
Uh...They're playing Thunderstruck? Is that wise?
Guess I'll blame Carle there.
Tyjo has GOT to come off the PP. Like now.
Nobody here saw it go in! We were too busy bitching about turtle Stammer.
Tampa knows something about humidity. Source: sweating my tits off in my #50 jersey
[Me right now](http://www.sitcomsonline.com/photopost/data/738/Sanf5ReddFoxx.jpg)
Vasy should have had that. No excuse.
FUCK NO, IT'S NOT. IT'S POWERING HIM.
I think he'd like that second goal back, but really the whole team was playing differently in front of him without the lead we'd garnered in game 2. This loss rests 95% on the forwards. Excepting Killorn, Kucherov and Paquette they didn't get it done tonight.
I really need better housing. *looks at cost of condos downtown* Whelp. No high-rise for me.
As much as I love me some Kristers and I think Vasya has great potential, I really hope Ben feels well enough to play tomorrow.
I think Ben will play tomorrow if he's upright. As the press conference goes on, that's more what it sounds like.
JUST SEND IT ALONG WITH THE CUP. BEN WILL BE ~~DOPED UP~~ FEELING BETTER TOMORROW.
HE'S NOT MAYOR ANYMORE. HE'S ON THE BOARD OF THE HOCKEY HALL OF FAME NOW.
OF COURSE YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT THE CUP. IT'S BEEN 22 YEARS AND YOU'VE FORGOTTEN.
CAN CONFIRM. AM WOMAN. NEVER SAID THAT.
Yeah :-(
Heading out to join the Sticks of Fire folks at Splitsville in a few and will be getting my drink on.
I saw someone at a watch party with this kind of design on a t-shirt. I would buy the shit out of one.
Needs more profanity
Got you covered
SPATULA!!!!
He's fucking horrible and has been all season. Many of us have been saying that.
&gt;I have seen Bishop roam about the defensive zone like a lost Corgi before So true. We need to get him a leash.
According to Bishop, it was too loud last night to communicate.
It's going to be interesting to hear what the locker room is like in Chicago. What will Stamkos and the other leaders do or say?
[This quote has been blown out of proportion](https://twitter.com/BrianHedger/status/610161668769873921).
We have two takers in /r/tampabaylightning to add: /u/dancewithpandas and /u/oghamtoast That should fill do us fine with Lightning fans.
Oh hells yeah. This year I'm gonna win. HIDE YO MILK CRATES
Fuck penalty minutes, too.
There is still time!
"Canadian Fear" *An unheard of goalie from a tiny land tries to shut down Canada's best*
That's what really burned his bridges here. Most people at least understood why he was upset about the Olympic thing, even if they didn't think he handled it well. But taking jabs at a fanbase that worshipped you for 14 seasons, through thick and thin? Unacceptable and petty.
Alright. I'm awake, kinda, and fighting a fever. Get it done, Bolts.
Nah. At home tonight :-(
That's what I'm doing.
First save made.
"Siri: What is a power play goal?"
Kuchy is pissed.
Morrow has been fucking useless all season.
Sustr should not be playing this period at all. AT ALL. I'll be with my bourbon.
Drouin/Hedman/Stralman/Cally. They're trying at least.
It doesn't help that we weren't even icing our best players most of the 3rd. You're not gonna win with our deadweight out there.
I'm ALL over that. Should make house shopping fun tomorrow. With a cold.
Glad I stayed home then. I drank bourbon through it all.
Fuck Frantz Jean. Fuck him in the eye. Before he ruins Vasya and Kristers.
I'm fighting a cold and didn't want to cry in public.
I seriously doubt we get rid of Spatula yet. He's still very useful and was one of the few forwards who made any kind of difference in the SCF. (He, Paquette and Killorn were basically getting it done)
Yeah, I wouldn't even dispute that. OP is spewing nonsense though.
&gt; Tampa is a suburb of Miami LOL. Alright, dude. I'm done even talking to you. Enjoy your land of double rainbows and unicorns, because you definitely are living in your own world.
Should be plenty of time.
I'm a Jew. I get pissed off about money easily :-P
Are you familiar with the prospects in the draft this year? What is your feeling on patio brunches?
It's Sunday ;-)
I guess the 5 minutes of ice time didn't take too much out of him :-P
Seabrook saying that we were scary and will be going forward and Kane talking about how hard Hedman was to play against made me feel a bit better. No matter what the dumb talking heads in the media think, it's clear we've earned respect where it matters: on the ice.
Yeah, I felt like the whole team (Coop included) got a bit cocky and was using that as an excuse to stick with shit that's obviously not working or wise.
I think you mean Matt *Fucking* Carle. He's got a few defenders around here, but generally most people would trade him for a bag of pucks.
I don't think anybody dislikes Morrow himself, it's just that he didn't have anything left in the tank this season. Nothing but respect for the guy and his character, but we probably could have used someone else in his place on the actual ice.
Thing is, Sustr is cheap and still relatively young for a defenseman. While I don't think he's going to get much better, it's easier to make a case for keeping him around.
[NOPE](http://i.imgur.com/aaz7JG0.gif)
Can confirm.
The PP is Cooper. That shitshow is on him.
I hate to be that person, but that's *Pretty in Pink*. Not *16 Candles*.
Yeah, somewhat conflicting information as Cooper stated HE ran the PP when asked (politely) why it sucked so much. The PP has been pretty bad for the entirety of Gwozdecky's tenure, though. Anything that improves our PP is a win in my book.
See also: Stamkos, Steven
You can read a synopsis of the battle and the ensuing propaganda [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charge_at_Krojanty).
Please Carle. Please please please please.
I've done acid. I had more understanding of hockey on acid than those folks.
[I know how](http://replygif.net/i/336.gif).
Rest of the schedule is being released tomorrow.
I have that going for me on an otherwise epic-fucktastic fail of a day.
We need a goalie in the ECHL and this contract allows him to go between the Blades and Crunch as needed.
I think I'd rather be dealing with a boat than a land-based money pit. Oh well. It's my own damn fault for wanting to live in Ybor.
I'd be happy to work on the Crunch as well. I watch a lot of their games, due to my *ahem* obsession *ahem* with a certain Latvian netminder. Edit: I don't know a ton about the Everblades, but I do know a little.
[He does a lot for the community](http://canadiens.nhl.com/club/news.htm?id=732723)...
I'm shocked over here.
[Dear Boston](http://media.giphy.com/media/13zHIZ34pICzDi/giphy.ghttp://media.giphy.com/media/13zHIZ34pICzDi/giphy.gif), dafuq?
Go for the rye.
[I believe I speak for the entire Atlantic division](http://i.imgur.com/BvYPTJf.gif).
I must still be asleep.
I'm all for a pre-game party. It'd be nice if there was a way to include the many people here who have season tickets already.
The offseason is real.
Right up until Richards' lawyers sue and win :-/
I mean...7th defenseman, but yeah.
Hey guys. Can I play, too? Pretty sure he's not on the roster :-(
Gudlevskis didn't start playing ice hockey until 15/16. He was a floorball goalie prior.
I'm honestly imagining him doing a Smokey and the Bandit type run on the border with a semi full of cocaine. Because that is probably way more entertaining than what actually happened.
Oh god. Please don't let Celine sing the anthem. Please.
Not too hard to find something like this in Ybor. [Here](https://tampa.craigslist.org/hil/apa/5096426313.html) is a Craigslist posting that's recent. I can't speak for the property or manager, but they seem to also do vacation rentals so likelihood of being legit is higher. (I saw this when I was looking for properties to buy)
More or less, yeah :-/
If I have to deal with giraffe, Carle AND Morrow again next year. Oy. My liver.
&gt; I also wouldn't be shocked if St. Louis has a higher valuation of his fair market price than the rangers do. I'd almost guarantee it.
Yes, please. Extra butter if you don't mind.
The Morrow thing will bother me more than any of them. Sustr's contract is short-term and low cost and we don't really have anyone to replace him this season. Trading Carle will take Jedi-like powers. Morrow, though. Morrow **we do not need to re-sign** and we have forwards who could use his minutes to develop. Last season you could argue vet leadership, but these guys have 99% been to the SCF now. They don't need his intangibles.
[Please. No.](http://media2.giphy.com/media/QDUZEEinaznqM/giphy.gif)
At the rate he's going, Sweeney isn't going to be worrying about career longevity.
Take ours. ^^PLEASE?
I'M ABOUT AS PRODUCTIVE AS THE BOLTS OFFENSE TODAY.
*SIGH*
I want a game at Ray Jay, dammit.
HERE WE GO!!!
Time to refresh your beverages!
MUTE BUTTON ENGAGED!
March 17th! Source: have tickets
I'm fucking over this shit.
I am so stealing this.
I feel you fam
100 percent me. I want to see him mock fight Jagr.
I'm drinking all your wine
I would do this so fast.
Fuck everything. My god we botched this badly and everyone saw this coming.
Ugh. Don't remind me. Gudlevskis got to play his first game in a month for Syracuse yesterday. We're doing the same shit with Vasilevskiy. Just letting him ride the pine behind Bishop instead of get minutes, though we've finally started rotating him into the 'Cuse lineup for games. I want to hit something.
I just want this season to be over, honestly. It's finding new and creative ways to suck.
Drouin was sent back to Halifax after the draft because he wasn't eligible to play in the AHL and, for whatever reason, Yzerman didn't want him in Tampa. He tore shit up and was clearly too good to be playing major junior. That reassignment was the beginning of his discontent with Tampa and arguably wasted a year of his development.
I'm not defending the way this went public or his reaction. The guy is a grade 'A' diva. &gt; He needs another season of **more playing time** to shape up part of his game. Which he wasn't getting, which is how we fucked things up. He was also being held accountable for things every other single player on the team wasn't. Every single mistake he made got his ass stapled to the bench, demoted to 8 minutes a night or scratched. Which would be fine if other players were getting the same treatment. They weren't. Drouin isn't some 4th line grinder that can learn the game playing with JT Brown and Brian Boyle. He's insanely gifted offensively and extremely creative and none of those skills were put to any use under Cooper.
Then hang up.
He's very solid.
[Borrowed from Twitter](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CX1WEu4WYAAWodR.jpg).
We're not at that point yet, buddy.
I will direct your eyes to the current [standings](http://www.nhl.com/ice/standings.htm?season=20152016&amp;type=WC). I agree things are getting down to the wire for our playoff hopes, but it's not like we're headed for a top draft pick at the moment. If anything, we'll end up like Boston or LA recently. Just miss out on the playoffs and re-tool for the following season by making some smart and needed trades and FA acquisitions. Our core is still young and we are in *no* respect ready for a fire sale of the roster.
Even strength minutes, he was [3rd in the league](http://stats.hockeyanalysis.com/ratings.php?disp=1&amp;db=201416&amp;sit=5v5&amp;pos=forwards&amp;minutes=750&amp;teamid=0&amp;type=individual&amp;sort=ifassists60&amp;sortdir=DESC) for assists. I thought that stastic was pretty telling. His offensive firepower comes from being a setup man, not a pure goal scorer himself. Considering who he had to work with on his lines last season, one can only assume those numbers would have been higher if he was setting up actual scorers and not Boyle and Brown types.
Completely agree. Drouin came into a team with largely young guys who aren't "settled" enough to mentor. Maybe Callahan would have been a good option, but I don't know. Definitely think he could use/could have used someone to suggest better life choices than sneaking into bars to underage drink.
I should create a Bingo board of hockey PR buzzwords.
Press conference was a bore. https://twitter.com/yahoomac/status/684383020174946304
I almost gave them their GIFs back today, but I want more than a SO win out of the team. Dammit.
Exactly. I survived 7 years of Canadian Winter. I mean, barely and only Southern Ontario, but still. NEVER AGAIN.
Jagr made a deal with the devil.
I picked a bad week to stop drinking.
He is a black hole of hockey. Pucks go to him to die.
Back to Downton Abbey. 'Night folks.
*We're* a .500 team. Not even, really.
I heard he went off. Good for Chief. We need more of that kind of spirit.
Glad I turned it off to finish the Downton Abbey series. God we suck this season.
That's what I heard. From what I understand he pointed out Cooper keeps saying the team needs to have better starts, but they just don't. Questioned if the coach is doing anything about it.
Maybe we need to get rechargeable batteries...
Come home Vinny.
Your misspelling is hillarious.
He's retiring at the end of the year, so that contract will be nullified.
[Guitar Pick](http://i.imgur.com/frgZOfS.png) donation.
This is deserving of a Kristers [gif](http://i.imgur.com/6w4ZaU4.gifv). ^^Credit ^^to ^^/u/PaisleyFox
Pretty fucking happy for my FloriBros. Wish we could both be good at the same time, though.
BULLSHIT! or *TSSSSK*
GET ON OUR LEVEL.
JOKES ON YOU. WE'RE TOO BUSY DOING DONUTS IN THE PARKING LOT TO CATCH UP.
SPEAK UP
:-(
Syracuse -- Drouin came out of the gate like **FUCK YO COUCH, WATCH ME SCORE GOALS!!!** then got (according to him) le tired and started turning over the puck and fucking up. As is tradition. Kristers was in goal for the 1st period, but apparently has the plague and was pulled for Wilcox. He gave up 2 goals that were on powerplay and not really his fault. Albany scored 3 more on Wilcox during the following periods and an empty netter. Syracuse ended up scoring a total of 4, which was not good enough. But...way more than they usually score, so there's that. Progress and shit. Witkowski and Angelidis got in fights. This summary brought to you by rye whiskey, Rogue Double Chocolate Stout and my decision to sit in the hot tub for most of the Bolts game. I watched the last 10 minutes. You're welcome, Lightning.
AHL live is complete crap and not worth the $8 a game/$300 a season. It depends on the local stadium feed which varies from professional (Toronto) to nigh unwatchable (Syracuse, sadly). If you do a search on /r/NHLStreams you can get info on how to stream AHL games for free.
&gt; playing favourites like Condra is fucking minor hockey league bullshit Seriously. We fucking sent Drouin down to keep a spot for Marshmallow only to bench him for Condra? Bush league.
Dude. Burritos are where it's at.
I wouldn't say it's exclusively a symptom of the AHL, but play in that league is more chaotic. Syracuse is not a very good team this season, due to a roster that's been decimated by call-ups and is now filled with rookies and career AHLers. Their fans also think the coach is a problem, but I can't speak to that. Unfortunately, Kristers gets hung out to dry a lot of games :-/
To paraphrase Larry Miller: "When you're 19 and you stay up all night, it's a victory. Like you've beaten the night. If you're over 30 and you stay up all night, that sun is like God's flashlight."
I thought Carle said he hadn't been *asked* to waive it? If he refuses, I hope he likes serving popcorn in the press box.
Well deserved.
Not for sure. This is just an app that bases the lineups on the last game. We'll know more after morning skate.
Saved.
No.
Hrumph. I like TyJo though.
Ironically...Ashes to Ashes. This is hitting me really hard this morning :-(
Happy thoughts coming your way!
Awww. I'm honored.
*waves from our cruise ship*
If you could get the Pens game, that'd be awesome. I'm back on Saturday.
Following this game via Reddit from a cruise ship off the coast of Cozumel. GO BOLTS
I don't believe you.
This game pleases me. Thus far.
I never underestimate a Bolts implosion.
Who? I'm old...
I like beer.
Drinking to him.
In non-related news, all the AHL press they're making Kristers do is amusing me.
He still does that.
My favorite. The spice must flow.
That's pretty cool. Love throwbacks like that.
Non-traditional *fist bump*. That said, holy crap Glendale is in the middle of nowhere. I'm planning our trip in March and there is nothing out there but a mall and Uni. No wonder there are attendance challenges.
Absolutely. Fuck this. A fan vote is a fan vote.
Hey man. We'll be back soon. This is Habsband's and my anniversary.
No. NOOOOOOOO. Nope.
I leave for 5 days....
Montreal has an AHL all-star on their NHL roster (Barberio) and an NHL all-star on their AHL roster.
This gets to the root of my anger about the whole thing. Don't have a 'fan favorite vote' which allows fans to vote for *any* listed player and then be pissed when the fans choose someone you don't want in the (meaningless) game. The correct thing to do was to allow him to play and then take steps to ensure this doesn't happen again, if it's such a big deal. Which I don't think it is in the first place.
Kid's night? Oh lord, I have to deal with this sober.
&gt; the NHL wanted to spin the wheel again and see who the internet picked as their representative I was half expecting Latvia to vote Gudlevskis in this year because he *was* on the ballot due to being recalled a couple of times. The NHL put out a ballot that had a ton of players who were AHL call-ups or fringe players and then got butthurt that the fans chose someone who wasn't what they deem to be an 'all-star'. They brought this down upon themselves and now refuse to honor the vote. It just looks petty, considering it's a single game that has no impact on the standings.
There have been rumors of attitude problems since way before he was drafted. [He didn't immediately report to the Mooseheads, for example](http://thechronicleherald.ca/sports/41278-mooseheads-land-drouin).
I'd classify what Jagr currently has as proto-mullet. It's getting there.
Well played.
Lithuanian, actually. Gudlevskis was somehow on the ballot this year, but Latvia didn't bite.
Forgot to wear my Spatula bracelet. He had a not-great evening. Will not make that mistake again.
Nah, he was sent down too late. The Crunch have Kristers and Angelidis in the game.
I would 100% watch this.
Much happier with him heating up for a team in the West.
Soon.
Conspiracy is probably a strong term, but I do believe the Coyotes wanted to remove Scott from the ASG as their representative. Their rush to announce that another player would take his place shows that. It shows the very old-school way of thinking the league and team management have that they didn't see the PR opportunity in front of them. There are very few teams that seem to have recognized and embraced new media and the new generation of fan interaction. Let's be honest - OEL, Domi and Doan aren't going to stand out that much in the company of Kane, Karlsson, etc. Who would stand out? John Scott. Rather than embrace having the 'enforcer Pacific captain chosen by the fans' they wanted him removed and replaced with a player that they felt better represented the franchise. Fair enough, but at the end of the day nobody is likely to remember Doan (or whomever) playing.
I mean. He's not wrong.
Confirmed: https://twitter.com/BBurnsNHL/status/689479725845065728?s=09
My bet is they do away with the fan vote completely.
I'm team Kristers. Not impressed with Russian Jesus yet.
No
Fair enough. He wouldn't mind from what I've seen.
We're in the land of Jewish retirees, after all.
He's been awful tonight.
Yeah. Let's trade Bishop people say.
Absolutely exhausted from new hell job. I'll keep this short and sweet. The Good: * Russians (except Vasy) * Czechs * 'Muricans The Bad: * Vasy The Ugly: * Fucking useless Condra Seriously, though. I'm glad we won, but we made this way harder than it had to be with Vasy's shaky-as-fuck tending and our sloppy-ass defense sitting on a lead.
Hrm. I didn't hear that, but then I don't sit in 307 despite being in Sticks of Fire. I only know their more common chants and I'm one of the folks trying to get 'Let's Go Lightning' going through the whole arena throughout the game. It pisses me off when people rag on SoF, but then sit there quietly all game not cheering or supporting the team. It's a hockey match, not a library. I'd never chant against him, but I do think Vasy needs more time in the AHL to get his confidence back and work on his consistency. Yes, defense was sloppy tonight but *also* Vasy looked extremely frantic and scrambly. He was having a lot of trouble tracking the puck and making routine saves. His stickhandling needs a lot of work. He's 21, so a lot of this is expected, but I've yet to see this 'elite goaltending prospect of his generation' we were promised. He reminds me of Lindback and that's no bueno. I question whether we *will* see it if he's not developed better.
It'll cost $12B and traffic won't improve. As is tradition.
Nah, man. We've already had our meltdown. We're good.
Maybe I'll remember to record this one :-/
It's like I'm in bizzaro world
You want amateur hour? Come on over to section 114 and be in awe of the jackass who has an extremely loud whistle (eardrum shattering) that goes off randomly all game. I want to shove that thing up his ass. Still beats the section 104 vuvuzela, though. Not by much.
I would kiss Matt Carle.
As if.
He's an idiot.
As a Gudlevskis fan...boo that man-child with entitlement issues. Kristers has been busting ass for 2+ seasons.
I started a new job this week. It's a short-term contract, thank god, because this commute is sapping my will to live.
I laughed *way* too much at this.
That's OK. We're done with him, too.
How is going from picking Drouin in the draft to the Cup Final in 2 years **not** results?!?! I'm not the Yzerman fangirl many folks are, and he's certainly made some blunders, but MSL and Drouin aren't them. Stamkos may still sign, so I'm reserving judgement until we know more on that one.
Hey! I took my Hanukkah decorations down the next day!
He's been much, much better the last few games. I think he's close to 100% if not there.
Bah. Nobody learns Romansh ;-) Like 30,000 people speak it. Source: Went to school in Switzerland.
It's like your brain just seizes up. I had the same kind of reaction. I knew what was happening, but couldn't react appropriately. That part of the story makes complete sense.
Bye Felicia.
FWIW Habsband doesn't want him and he's seen more of Drouin than the average Habbibi.
I mean, Montreal *is* a nice city and all but home slice has been living mostly in Tampa. Where it hit 8c this week and there were people in down jackets and full UGG boots on. I'd have been one of them, but I got rid of all that gear when I moved out of Canada. What I'm saying is I hope he freezes his ass of on St. Catherine St.
Valid point. He's ugly enough to need to pay.
This may shock you, but I was never a professional athlete :-P
Up in the 300s for the first time ever. Surrounded by Hawks fans. Not low on beer yet. THANK GOD.
320
I actually traded our season tickets in 114 to a friend tonight. She's a huge Hawks fan.
We Fucking Dominated That Shit. More when I'm not shaking from heights.
I knew I liked those kids.
That shot clock was giving me a lady boner tonight. Pretty sure the Hawks were drunk at a gay bar in Ybor last night or something, but I'll take it.
True story
Winner gets Cracker Barrel?
I agree with something Fennelly wrote. That's how bad this has gotten.
HABS FANS ARE GOOD AT DENIAL
DON'T BE UPSET, HALF OF YOUR PROVINCE IS CURRENTLY IN FT. LAUDERDALE RIGHT NOW ANYWAY. SO IT'S KINDA LIKE HAVING A TEAM IN THE PLAYOFFS.
TAMPA JUST HAD THEIR 40TH CONSECUTIVE SOLD-OUT GAME, SO YES.
I...did not expect Yiddish in /r/hockey.
So basically they're acting like a lot of young couples? How is this remotely news?
Nope :-(
I mean, I guess. I've never gotten the makeup sex in French, despite being married to one. I'd probably just respond in German anyway. I'm a difficult lady.
Same with Tampa. Which makes no goddamn sense because it rains EVERY DAY in Summer. Still, people go dumbass and drive either 20MPH or 90MPH. No in-between.
It's important to remember that Drouin was injured when he requested the trade. There may not have been a lot of options. Yeah, Yzerman is a stubborn asshole, but trading an injured player isn't as easy as a healthy guy. He was sent to Syracuse partly to get top minutes and prove he was healthy. Then he went and made the request public and here we are...
Flair up, FloriBro
This. 100%. Whether he (or anyone else) likes it or not, going public with a trade request and refusing to play are considered poor moves in the sport. The best possible thing he could have done after recovering from his injury was to play his hardest and prove he had earned an NHL starting spot. That would make him way more trade-worthy than his current situation. We're already hearing rumors of teams losing interest because he's gone from 'possible attitude problem' to 'complete fucking diva'.
I was young and dumb!
I put on a coat!!!
114 I think? Lower bowl for sure. 120 Bolts fans. You'll see 'em.
It was fun last year. The only downside was security sometimes telling players they couldn't stop for photos and autographs even if they wanted to do so. We're likely missing it this year, but not because it won't be a good time.
Florida says 'you're welcome, Central'.
Florida hockey BEST hockey. ^^OFFER ^^NOT ^^VALID ^^IN ^^SEASONS ^^1992-2015
&gt; most of the beer *All* of the beer when it comes to playing in Tampa. Drouin's not legal yet :-P (Though he was trying to sneak into bars with a fake ID, I heard) You're absolutely right, though. Yzerman is a stubborn SOB. Maybe even too stubborn, but there is no way he's going to let Drouin push him where he doesn't want to go.
The previous owner was really into entertaining and not really into proper workmanship. Our nickname for the house is the "party palace" because the dude did a ton of shoddy work to make outdoor spaces for hosting big (fabulously gay, I hear) parties. This includes putting an ancient hot tub, purchased at a thrift store, up on blocks and building a half-ass deck around it. But not, you know, putting any *lights* out there.
Panthers sucked back then. This year is the first year where potentially both teams will be competitive.
I got a very nice bottle of rye on deck for later.
Drink excessively? The MIA beer is pretty good.
Vodka then :-P
Gotta hope Carle doesn't fuck us then...
They don't usually do that, so I'd guess no.
Just a myth, man. Just a myth.
Still. Chief &gt; Engblom.
No, sadly
I'm a committed fan.
Ooooh, you mad.
Not a manbun, though. Kristers is in Syracuse.
They were dicks, though. At least to us. I'm skipping that game this year.
Oh look. Fucking asshole in a Habs jersey.
I was just joking. We're like siblings. Y'all had a good number of fans at Amalie last week. Was nice to see.
He no longer wears that inside Amalie. Thank god.
Time for bourbon.
We scratch Carle? 7 game win streak. Carle back in? Down 2-0. Coincidence? I THINK NOT.
the bottle
Oh I said it. I said it before the 2nd ended. Edit: In the 'jesus christ, that's bad mojo' sense, not because of anything Carle did. This time.
I spent the 3rd watching costume porn while the Habs game finished. Soon I can drag the Habsband off to the hot tub. Where we are both going to consume large amounts of high proof alcohol, because apparently they're losing to the Leafs (their 6th straight loss if the yelling is to be believed). Putting Carle in the lineup is bad mojo. Let us never do this again.
I hope to fuck baby hockey Jesus we beat them, because their fans are absolutely insufferable.
Small victories. Montreal in OT, fwiw.
These two teams (Lightning and Panthers) have a good relationship. We're supposed to be rivals, and we kinda are right now, but overall both fanbases want the other team to succeed. I like to say we're siblings. We fight each other sometimes, but nobody else gets to put us down. Florida hockey **best** hockey. Just a heads up that other GDTs are not anywhere near as cordial.
Hehehe. Put down the bottle. That's not gonna happen :-P
You're getting downvoted, but not by Lightning fans. We see it every game.
That's what concerns me most. The numbers being thrown around are one thing, but if this is really the first concrete offer we've made? Huge red flag. Then again, everything is so tight-lipped around here it may be that Stamkos didn't want to discuss the contract until the season was under a bit more solid footing.
Drouin is showing some serious immaturity in how he's handled the whole thing. Apparently people are altering his jerseys (of which there are many) to say 'RUIN' by removing the D and O. Hehehehehe.
Our running joke is every time Kuch scores we add another 50K to his upcoming raise.
I know some teams have stayed at Le Meriden in the past. Don't know why, though. If you wait by security at the back entrance/exit it shouldn't be THAT hard to meet the players, but that assumes they'll walk out instead of taking the team bus.
Thank god I went to bed early, though Habsband didn't even watch the game. He's became...disenchanted...with how his team is playing.
Pens are usually a high-demand team, so I'd get there early and wear Lightning gear. Details on the program [here](http://lightning.nhl.com/club/page.htm?id=108934).
They certainly slacked off in Florida.
Shut yer mouth.
Uh. I do.
Section 303
Dayummmm son
Me. Tonight. 1st period: **OH SWEET JESUS, BOLTS HOCKEY!!!** 2nd period: WTF. I NEED MORE BEER. 3rd period: DO YOU FUCKERS EVER PLAY MORE THAN 20 MINUTES?!?! MORE BEER! PRAISE VASY!
We have one of those. See Brown, J.T.
I *was* paying attention. *My point was* Tampa would very easily would sell more tickets to an outdoor game than the Miami market. There are more hockey fans here, as attendance records over the past two decades easily show. You seem angry. Maybe you should step away from the keyboard and go enjoy some Florida sunshine.
You wouldn't be the only one wearing one, but they're pretty rare these days. You'd be *much* safer with a Vinny jersey, if you want that era. St. Louis just brings up a lot of negative emotions for a lot of people.
I thought he was on a 1-way contract? I understood that being the reason Arizona traded him.
WOOO!!!! MY BOY'S AN ^^AHL ALL-STAR!!! YAY ALL-STAR MONDAY. WTF...MONDAY...
NOBODY WOULD BE DUMB ENOUGH TO BUY CHAMPLAIN BRIDGE, THOUGH. BECAUSE IT'S CLOSED HALF THE TIME.
NO THANKS. I DON'T DRIVE IN MONTREAL ^^ANYMORE.
WHAT YOU NEED IS A MATT CARLE. GUARANTEED NOT TO GET ANY POINTS, NO MATTER HOW HARD HE DOESN'T TRY.
My additions: Carle - Matt Fucking Carle, Useless Pylon Paquette - Dumptruck Hedman - Heddy, Thor Filppula - Spatula (this one is my creation; thank you booze) Ironically I don't have a nickname for Kristers. I know the players call him 'Guddy' though.
Lecavalier may still retire a Bolt and is absolutely coming back to Tampa to live. Personally, I never thought Marty would retire a Bolt. He'd asked for a trade previously and wasn't rooted in the community.
I kinda hope it does.
Milbury has no fucking concept of fun.
I would pay.
What the fuck is this shit? I really shouldn't be chugging white wine, but this furry-chested fucker is requiring it.
He's encouraging my drinking, that's for sure.
Moscato here. *clinks glasses with pinkies out*
BOOO THAT MAN
Lu....
Erik Baby. I still love you with short hair.
See Stammer brought his turnovers to Nashville.
$11M dude. He wants $11M :-P
I'm OK with that.
FUCK OFF MILBURY. FUCK RIGHT OFF.
He keeps going out of his way to be an asshole. It's not just one thing.
I didn't say that. I said he's being a complete asscannon.
THERE WE GO!!!!!
TIME FOR ANOTHER BEER!
Part of the shot discrepancy is also the 2nd and 3rd attempts the Pens got because of rebounds, too. Bishop is much better at controlling rebounds and covering the puck to stop play.
This isn't soccer, kitty cats. Also, NO PALM TREES? NO SALE.
May the armchair GMing begin!
Needs a spatula in his hand IMO.
"You came to the wrong neighborhood"
Bon voyage, Steve.
I wouldn't blame him for being pissed off at the offer. Like you, I assumed it was a max-term offer at that price. Trying to dick him on both term and payment? I don't like it.
All NHL contracts are negotiated and paid in US$ as of the 2004 lockout. It's partly why the tanking Canadian dollar is hurting the cap. It also makes sense from a trade perspective. Trying to sort out existing contracts across borders and currencies would be a nightmare.
THE SINS OF THE FATHER SHALL BE *MUMBLES* ON THE SON! *I'm not good with Bible quotes*
That's not making a great case, though. Love me some Alfie.
We haven't proven willing to make the big trades Chicago does to get that last missing piece. Not yet anyway. As for our owner, he hand-picked Yzerman. In the last 5 years we've lost Vinny, Marty and now likely Stamkos. For Marty, we know the owner tried to intervene to get him to stay. But generally, he's very hands-off. I don't think he'll get involved here. It "helps" that Stamkos is a very shy person who has never been the community face of the team like Vinny was. Speaking honestly as a fan in Tampa, Bishop - Johnson - Hedman are all more community-friendly. Will it hurt to lose our 3rd capitan in 5 years? Hell yes. But we'll get by.
Can you just fucking imagine him walking around the concourse at a game? I'd bring the pitchforks and torches.
&gt;South Howard...nearly all of Tampa’s alcohol fueled nightlife I think these guys have never heard of Ybor.
Assuming you're North American: how would you like to take a (likely) pay cut to move to Russia for work on the hope you might get promoted in a few years and make big bucks?
Preach. I hate waiting.
There is going to be a goalie fire sale this Summer and at TDL. With Bishop contract situation (6M next season and then UFA), he's going to be a harder sell than most. If anything, this inclines me to believe we'll keep Bishop rather than get involved in the 'overpriced NMC goaliepalooza'. "GOALIES! GET YOUR GOALIES HERE! WE GOT TALL GOALIES! WE GOT YOUNG GOALIES! WE GOT LATVIAN GOALIES! **YES, EVEN LATVIAN GOALIES**!"
It's not a matter of quality, it's a matter of quantity. Every team is going to be shopping at least 1 goalie in order not to lose them for nothing. Will likely drive price down overall.
I have absolutely no idea why **this** is the coaching move we're making. Boggles the fucking mind.
Hunkering down. With booze. AKA - Monday night.
It was a drinking game during the 2004 hurricane season.
Not just last year. Every year. There is a portion of the hockey fanbase that believes hockey shouldn't be played where there is no natural ice, no matter the popularity or success in non-traditional markets.
Better than my clown who would jump out of the tank a few times a year. She's 8 years old now and has lived through every jump, but like clockwork she'll get feisty, territorial, and shoot out of the tank during feeding. *sigh* Stupid fish.
Thought the same thing as I was reading it. Vasy's panic button currently kicks in around shot 2-3 and it kicks in often. I'm sure a lot of that has to do with being fairly new to the North America and the league, but it is what it is.
&gt;Lindback TRIGGERED
Lexi is freaking awesome.
There used to be a blog called that as well, which I believe OP was referring to.
Flew through there for the first time this year. Absolute hell and the rental car "situation" made me miss the 3rd world.
Fucking Cruella deVille.
Saw this at the pub tonight (yeah, I know, ya'll are shocked) and was surprised he's still in town. What an awesome thing to do. Sustr's growing on me. Somewhere /u/hey_wayne is giggling.
Tabarnak she's cute!
I won't be at all surprised if he ends up staying in Tampa. If he leaves it will be, like you note, to a team that's much farther away from winning. The only exception *might* be the Red Wings, but I still think they're not as close as Tampa. It gets down to whether he wants to win or whether he wants to roll around naked in a pile of cash. This is his big contract, so I won't fault him for choosing the latter.
OH PLEASE OH PLEASE OH PLEASE
STAHP. FLORIBROS YOU SCARING ME.
No. Basically nobody rational thinks he's worth more than 10M and most place him somewhere in the 8.5-9.5M range.
I'm a Lightning fan and I would.
and now I miss Duff's
Someone out there will overpay him, but that doesn't mean he's worth it. Whoever gives him 10x7 is going to regret it. Rumor is Tampa has a hard cap of 8.5M on our offer. I'm completely fine with that number, but become increasingly uncomfortable over 9. Especially at max term. He's not shown he can be clutch when it matters and we've struggled mightily to find wingers for him since MSL left. This is not a guy who will put the team on his back and lead it to victory. He's more Kessel than Crosby or Toews.
Yes. Fuck Matt Cooke.
One quibble. We also had Nabokov in 2014/15 and not last year. But, yes. Other than that it was the same.
No. I think he wants to cash in big.
They don't do the chip jersey anymore. When I bought mine 2 years ago they were giving out leftovers (size XXL and XXXL only) to full season STMs. I don't think they're even doing patches anymore 😕
People need to understand it's about more than just the next 4 years.
Uh. dude. Read what I said again. I was agreeing with you. The 'Bernie or nothing' supporters aren't seeing the bigger/longer picture.
What happens in Vegas...
Books I'd recommend for WW2. Rise and Fall of the Third Reich by Shirer. He was a journalist in Germany during the war. Holocaust by Martin Gilbert for that topic specifically. Gilbert is a very accessible historian who has written extensively on WW1 and WW2 and the Holocaust. The book Holocaust was also made into a mini-series in the early 80s if you can find it. (I'm a historian specializing in the Holocaust, so if you want any additional recommendations, just let me know.)
This meme is older than all that.
YOU NO TRADE SPATULA
Maybe now the KHL can release the schedule for next season...
Gratton now owns the Florida Jr. Blades which play in Estero which was founded by a completely kooky cult. Why, yes. I am bored at work today. Why do you ask?
Surprised me, too. I knew about Cassadega, but apparently Florida was the place for crazy new-age communes 100 years ago.
I officially have no idea what's going on. We're inking all these lower-tier deals...
Yeah, I wasn't answering from the political angle. To be honest, I wasn't that impressed with Glendale when I visited. The rest of Phoenix, from what I saw, was much more interesting.
No. Lucic is a cancer.
Honestly. ~~Filppula~~ Spatula was bounced around so much last year I feel sorry for him. I'm completely fine with him as 2C. He's also the only center we have that can win a faceoff.
Nope. Very few places in the US have such rent controls.
Nope. We have a ton of RFAs to qualify still.
Don't you put that evil on us.
Shrimp and gobies. Very common. This can be replicated in aquariums as well. They work together for feeding and safety.
He already has lots of national endorsements in Canada. Sportchek and Canadian Tire come to mind. He might get additional contracts, but I don't think it would be as big as everyone implies.
This pleases me.
I hope we keep Boko a bit. He's entertaining.
Mostly in the AHL. He hasn't put it together consistently yet.
I tried to dunk Drouin, but failed :-(
Is this where I say FUCK OK HOCKEY!!!. I think it is.
Some idiot in Seminole Heights had a purse with a Rolex and high quality jewelry stolen out of an unlocked car. The mind boggles at that thought process. I always lock my car. Even when I had a Wrangler I did, but more out of habit than any delusion it was secure.
I blame global warming. Ice floes might be getting hard to find.
Carle watch is down to 20 hours now.
The Habs fanbase is gonna be drunk by then, Marc. Source: Habsband is currently drinking heavily
He's already tweeted he's staying from his official account.
You really don't want to know, but the tequila is in danger. Possibly the rum, too.
Oh yeah.
Dear hockey Jeebus, I have a request. Please let me see "Waivers: Carle (TBL)" on my Twitter feed sometime around noon. I understand that Yzerman is likely taking Bishop and Spatula away from me. I will accept this if Carle goes with them. Amen.
Welcome back! uh... Bye :-(
Has to be on waivers by noon. We'll know soon.
Glorious
