You already can upgrade the menagerie house and feeder
If they have any sense they will. It's not like self-improvement is a rare thing.
Pfft. Relationships are one of the most mundane things about all human interaction.
No, you can't. But it's criticism, not an order.
The elite Seers Village tasks upgrade Excalibur, but it isn't part of the Achievement Diary set. The set item for that area is the headband.
Yep. In my experience unless they're a genuine aromantic the women who say this are fooling themselves
You're right. I'm aromantic. Which means I can apply some sense to the absurd addiction worship that is romantic relationships.
Australia. None at all, although we don't have a national curriculum (yet)
thank mr skeltal
He's in a room full of strangers...
Australia. And it's not ignoring people, it's about respecting their personal space.
We aren't uncomfortable, we don't *want* to. If we talk to someone it's either in an official setting or after an introduction from a mutual acquaintance. Perhaps one day North America will develop the proper respect for peace and quiet.
This is totally reasonable and hardly excessive. At the end of the day porn is just a bit of fun, why not be happy for him?
Gandhi drank a lot of mountain dew
The picture of Dorian Grey is almost completely filled with these
Thankfully I've not had this situation happen. I tell people I have neither the inclination nor the compulsion to date, and then they seem envious. Aromanticism isn't really a difficult concept, I suspect your uncle just has some general empathy problems.
Break up then. If you're unhappy with the situation and it isn't going to change then that's the only reasonable option.
Was that how he was? If so then the latter.
Fashion isn't even remotely a female thing. There are loads of famous male fashion designers and models.
If he can't comprehend someone being different then it's possible he has empathy problems. Many people are like that. Aromanticism is a simple concept after all
Fair, but God Osborne has said that skill reworks are slated for next year
I support both zaros and armadyl so it was an easy choice. They're the only ones doing good. Saradomin and Zamorak are the worst parts of both order and chaos, and the godless are anarchist hippies
No, but you aren't attractive in that picture either. I would say lose a little puppy fat on your face, go clean shaven (the facial hair really isn't doing you any favours) and stick to different colour shirts (white and light blue, /r/malefashionadvice can point you to some basic colour coordination resources) and you'll be doing well.
Pictures one and two are bad, picture three is alright. Honestly your hairline is back way too far for a woman, and your cheeks are pretty wide.
It's a kind of bad picture but the other one you posted is good. You're definitely attractive although I don't think that lipstick colour suits you
You would have covered this on penis inspection day
Both are attractive, but I guess you'd see a cute girl in a somewhat more artistic way, like they belong in a painting so you can just look at them all day. A hot girl evokes a more animalistic desire. Whether one is better than the other depends on what sort of position they have in your life.
Becoming an aromatic, as opposed to being born one, is a thing (it happened with me), but I'm not sure that's what you're going through. The simple fact is that you're still trying to find yourself. I think trying to label yourself at this point is probably causing more harm than good. Just take some time and let things mellow.
Harder for an ordinary citizen, sure. But the British and Japanese empires both had a vested interest in good translators so it seems likely they helped each other out. Same thing applies to any major power really.
Australia's finest export
The plural of child is children. And honestly, poor gnome child is getting overused at this point.
Climbing around it in AC2 sure was a treat
Certainly wasn't expecting the abuse question.
I second the guy who said cute more than sexy. You're definitely attractive but I think your small bust lets you down
But jedi have fought each other plenty of times in the canon (the true canon that is, not the Disney debacle)
He streams on Twitch. Doesn't show his bank though :(
Yes, just because it's really a game of pushing boundaries with your friends.
Look for someone who views marriage the same way you do. If you marry someone who takes the view that it's an emotional bond then chances are it's going to screw up, and nobody wants to lose half their stuff.
I love hugging, but I will avoid kissing like the plague
I'll bite then, why should working automatically entitle you to so much? Why is it not both fairer and better for society if people have to take responsibility for the costs they incur on the wider populace?
Unfortunately Germany would scoff at the notion of weapon rights.
Try to get to as safe a place as possible and just generally do whatever I have to to protect them.
That happens with men too you know. If all those clothes 'instantly fit' then chances are you're wearing clothes that are too baggy.
If it's your size that they like you can continue. If it's not you can look for someone else
34" waistline sure but what about cut, width, length, inside vs outside leg, etc? With shirts it's even crazier, with chest, shoulders, neck, upper arm, forearm and stomach sizes all different. At the end of the day off-the-rack clothes will never quite fit right.
You can work with the individual. You can't do that if they don't tell you what they want
That depends entirely on the person you want to be hired by. If they think your previous job is awful they'll choose someone else.
......?
A two way radio
This is normal and healthy. Find a fwb to take your energy out on
Nigel Farage. He speaks and acts with conviction despite receiving an ungodly amount of undeserved hate.
That's not how it's said. You would say "a herb". A silent H is a French pronunciation, which makes no sense in English.
Someone you know well enough to chat with at the bar of Hong Kong airport at 3am
I'm perfectly okay with no human contact for the rest of my life
The reason a person has individual freedom is because of the values and hard work of the nation. They have a debt to pay towards their nation, their heritage and their fellow citizens.
I....just....what? In what conceivable way would bananas be made from milk?
Douglas Murray, David Starkey and Milo Yiannopoulos.
Only ever did it once, and that's only because I didn't have access to my computer
I deal with it fine. My parents are good people and I was raised in a nice place. Yes they sometimes messed up as parents, and I sometimes messed up as a son, but by and large we're a healthy family.
Mace Windu has to be a cassowary, because he will fuck your shit up
"Will you go out with me?" "No." She was moderately attractive
Formal wear and semi-formal outdoors wear. I love tall boots and jackets but unfortunately it's way too hot here in Australia
Violence is the way the world works sometimes. Disregarding your duty because you find violence distasteful is a betrayal of your country at a time of need. Again you speak as if people owe their country nothing.
Conscription isn't something nations do for fun, they do it when their very existence is threatened. Clearly you wouldn't fight for freedom because you don't support the nation's that uphold it when they're most in need.
I was expecting Deidara but that one actually gave a blowjob in the episode
I can't believe he didn't take a sin off for Thomas the tank engine
When will you address the huge criticisms of your Humans Need Not Apply and Americapox videos?
In that picture her cheeks are large and her lashes don't have any makeup, this seems like an optical illusion rather than an eyeball size
He sounds more like an acquaintance than a real friend. I'd suggest looking elsewhere on this matter
She was 17, ethnically Fijian, fat with zero shape to her. 3/10. Plenty of shame afterwards. She was my friend, turns out she was crushing on me very hard. One night I was over at her house and she got me *very* drunk, to the point I couldn't stand up straight, then we had sex. After that every time she texted me she started calling me "boo" so I noped out of there.
We have no idea what Saitama's full potential is, but Simon cares about his fights far more so I'd say he wins.
Titenic or Clock Tower imo, they have the best sketches
I've got a bone to pick with you!
Pokemon is a very mainstream casual game. It's not strange at all.
If you can't take the heat don't go in the kitchen. If some random shitposter saying 'do it faggot' makes you kill your own family you clearly belong in an asylum
It's [current year] therefore X is not an argument
When the dog dies in the movie
Remember that the majority are not from Syria at all. This is an illegal migrant crisis not a refugee crisis
Use news apps and websites then
If you think that's bad watch a short film on YouTube called All About My Dog Marimo, you will bawl like a little girl but it's beautiful
Like 3 big spurts, 4 smaller ones and a few droplets. I'd guess maybe a couple of tablespoons worth?
Nobody ever played pull my finger with you?
Actually the crowbar snaps in two
Most people have no idea what they're doing with their life
1. Be large, height as well as muscle 2. Have a confident posture 3. Grow a beard
You only need two minutes? It takes me two hours to find the right porn sometimes, masturbating all the while
5 or 6 on a good day
That depends entirely on whether they're growers or showers.
About 780 gigs Since 2011
It never gets 'stuck' no matter how much hair I have. So I don't have to trim the hair there, I just do it for neatness.
Once every day or two
The south Park episode on this was perfect
You look like a more manly Michael Cera
Jesus, what caused this addiction epidemic?
Let's hope it's not the last! Outstanding
Sex
Never. Just go outside
Frankly this is silly. You still have normal conversations with even the hottest people. Only in an environment like a nightclub would this happen, which is for sexual encounters anyway so what do you expect.
My dick
Definitely longer. You're a good looking guy
I used to think putting cheese on pasta was utterly appalling. I still do, but now I realise a lot of people do it.
Taken their punishment, made it up to those affected, and changed their ways. Some actions are so bad that the first two can't be completed.
Then they aren't redeemed
Gollum too
Well I'm from Australia, so not exactly next door
Never, it's easier to just fully unbutton my pants and pull them down a bit
No no no no no dear God no. Please never do this unless explicitly asked to.
Heels work because they change a woman's stance and accentuate the upper legs and arse
It works on the whole leg. The same thing would happen if you showed them barefoot with their foot on the ground and then on the ball of their foot
When I stopped feeling sorry for myself and just got on with life
Porn stars are adults capable of making their own decisions. Even if they did get medical problems it's fine because it's their choice. Just like athletes, builders, and other physical professions.
Hardline muslims - jihadists, islamists and their supporters Progressives, feminists and the like
The "if you're not with us you're evil" thinking mainly. As well as clinging to a narrative in the face of evidence.
You know the anime community takes the piss out of these guys too right?
What are your thoughts on the ABC's reporting and bias generally? How can it be improved?
Not so. There are events that really happen. The subjectivity is how it's written about.
Fool me once, I'm mad
Most likely an aromantic, one who happens to be quite repulsed by romance
What do I have to pay for you to never look at me like that again?
Get out of our home
I don't see the point of living a lie. If I live that way then I'm guaranteed to have nobody like me, because they'll never meet me. Just a fake.
If someone wants to live that way that's their business. The idea that everything in the past is automatically culturally inferior is ludicrous.
And that's simply not true. You can know things objectively and you can write an objective report of an incident. "Local police said this, witnesses said this, governments have responded by saying that" It's not even difficult.
I wish this was real
There's plenty of stories of a person becoming aromantic, although if they get aromanticism out of it it's a good experience
You are overthinking this way way waaaaay too much. Just find people you like being around and who like being around you. How often you talk to each other depends on the person, you can talk to them about it you know.
Did you try the websites of various designers?
Rip Scissorman
Honestly the final shot makes the movie. The guy is utterly distraught but the whole time he's had anger to turn to, without that he just breaks down.
Like a water version of a Tyranid Carnifex
If the US plays defensively they force a stalemate, if they play aggressively they increase the likelihood of a loss. Remember that with battles you have to capture and hold ground, not just cause damage. There's no way the US has enough military personnel to hold enough land to rule all other countries.
I haven't played it yet but I believe Bayonetta fought within a sun. If so that gives her better durability than cooler.
Remember that lions can and do climb on top of elephants
Don't sweat it, forget it, enjoy the show
The UK is a country of countries, CGP grey has a video on this.
This is definitely a UK + US victory. Militarily they definitely win, not even a contest. Economically they're both powerhouses. London and New York are the most important financial cities in the world, and they both have a strong private sector. Culturally this is a stomp too. English is an extremely widespread language - music, films, TV shows, etc in English are enjoyed around the world. No other countries export their culture anywhere near as well. Also worth noting that all the other big players are not united. Russia, China, India, Japan, Germany have no allies worth speaking about. The only possible round UK + US would lose is a cultural round against the I countries, if you count religion as culture. Italy easily commands the Vatican and influences catholics, Iran influences Shia muslims, India influences Hindus, Sikhs and its other native religions.
Redline!
Isn't the objective to find a person who wants you for you?
No because it's fucking stupid
Most likely flirty but it depends on the girl
Takeshi's Challenge!
Now that's something a sensible person could understand
It drains a lot of chakra though, and it has no real way to stop something like a giant wave of sand crashing on top of him.
Every country in the Commonwealth should have a union jack in the corner tbh.
If you mean the religious sense, no, there's no proof for it. If you mean the university hippie sense, no, there's plenty of proof against it.
You could've called this game bird vs camel
Byotiful, it's byotiful
Actually the toast snaps in two
It's a short book, you could read it within an afternoon easily
Really? Resting bitch face is extremely sexy
It's entirely possible depending on the sort of person you are.
Trump-sama will make anime real
Most of the bartenders from my local pub are women. All kind, funny people but then I'm from a town where everyone knows everyone. In cities I never talk to bartenders, male or female.
Indeed, great taste
Make myself 6'2". Only 5'10" and it sucks. Also a decent hairline would be great
16 in Australia. I think it should be legal for 13 year olds to have sex within 3 years of their age range like, IIRC, Italy does. They do it already anyway but they should be able to be more open about it, in the interests of their health.
Did you win the Jeff and Paul award for excellence in shopping centres?
Starkiller annihilates Ahsoka. He defeated Shaak Ti with reinforcements inside a giant sarlacc and Ahsoka is significantly weaker than her. 11/10 Starkiller
Going solely by game selection 1. PS3. It has most of the best games from the previous systems already so this is an easy take. 2. PS2. Ratchet and Clank, God of War, Kingdom Hearts, and loads of multi-platform titles 3. PS1. I love it to death but unless you really love platformers like Crash Bandicoot and Spyro then the PS2 outperforms it in every way. 4. PS4. Simply doesn't have a big enough game library yet for it to be a fair fight. Time will tell.
Ethiopia is sub-saharan. Somalia also had a thriving sea trade in the ancient world
When you say not an issue do you mean I'm filthy rich or do you mean I just have enough to live on? If it's the latter I'd do gay stuff for a lot of money.
Going by Our War Game this is a stomp for Wargreymon. His durability and speed are leagues ahead of any non-legendary Pokemon.
Granted I haven't played Bloodborne but going by gameplay trailers and the Souls games this is a stomp for Fairy Tail. Their powers are hugely destructive, especially after Gray's Devil Slayer power up. Erza and Natsu can both fly, and requip magic allows for all sorts of situations. Not to mention they have very good teamwork. As for sanity, I can't imagine it's worse than what Erza's already been through
I love the fusion of this and the attack helicopter pasta that makes the 'I sexually identify as a spork' one.
Well historically western maids have been all sorts of ages. I think this is an image that's been altered by Hollywood
True. Really tumblr is just a meme at this point, it's got its good and bad just like any other site of its type.
Dates? What? This is a fwb isn't it? The whole point is that there isn't romance.
Can't forget the flying eggplant
I don't understand the mentality you refer to. Either you think something happens or it doesn't, if it does its applicability to you might vary but why would you consider yourself invincible?
Left usually, every so often he feels like a sea change
Adrian is the masculine name. Adrienne is the feminine version
Do you think there would be a complication if they were aromantic? Complications seem only to rise from romance.
Fair point, although for most men unless you have exceedingly good social skills sex can't be found anywhere.
If you like video game themes you can never go wrong with Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts. White Knight Chronicles also has a fantastic soundtrack
Germanic white White, but they're really the only people around my area
Koala claws hurt like hell and are extremely sharp.
Good old Lord Patten will tell them to get bent
Definitely. Handy t80 stats without the outrageous price of automaton gloves
One night stands are not remotely immoral.
There's no such thing as too independent. It's better if you can do things without needing help.
If it's anything like Australia cyclists are hated for being dangerous on the road.
Prior to World War 1 this is definitely a Russia victory. The Ottomans and China were both nothing compared with the great powers. Japan was a formidable naval power, and they even beat Russia in a naval war at the time, but they wouldn't make a dent in Russia on land. The other Asian nations at the time are too small to worry about. In the second round Russia did manage to take huge swathes of central Asia and Manchuria leading up to WW1. They could probably beat the various nations if they can manage to raise enough funds and can handle the logistics. Although it would be nigh impossible to keep control of all that land. As for the Medieval round, depending on exactly when you mean, this is essentially the Mongols. They beat the Russian princes, didn't make it to Germany, and failed at taking Japan. If you mean later on when Russia became a true nation then China could probably take Japan, Germany could probably beat Russia in pitched battles but would he beaten by the weather, and China and Russia would be beaten by the elements before they even reached each other.
Indeed. Had their naval attempts not been so awful they might have had a good deal more.
Pain. Chronic, intense, long term pain. For obvious reasons I think.
If she has to reiterate how confident and accomplished she is. Surest sign she's neither and is trying to fool herself.
The typhoon only happened in the third invasion of Japan, they lost all the others all on their own.
They fail in all rounds just because the Imperium is waaaaaaaay too large and there are too many xenos.
These are awesome!
The force feats of the council could easily handle bullets.
My nuts just retracted inside my body in terror
Legends is a separate canon, not non-canon
Iran has refused to allow random inspections, so how can you say they're being monitored effectively?
Not so. You can despise someone and still think them strong, and love them and think them weak. A perfect example is the funding of Isis. Even a miniscule country like Qatar doesn't respect your country enough to not get on your bad side.
Easy warmachine victory. He is more agile, flies faster, can handle bigger hits and can do better long range attacks. I can't see Harry being able to handle a chaingun.
The force Jaime led was a cavalry regiment, not a whole army. I think it was Theon's first chapter that talks about Jaime fighting on the front lines with them, not sitting back and directing as Tywin did.
Marxism was great, it's just been hijacked by tyrants
Many think Australian culture is just getting drunk and generally being uncouth, not realising we have poetry, architecture, art, etc. Unfortunately this includes our own populace
What do you mean by violating?
Talking to people is free
Raptors are weak without their pack, on their own they even get beaten by a small teenage girl in the second movie. The man with spear wins pretty handily.
Power equalized refers to everything. Speed, strength, energy, etc. IT Kamehameha would actually be that big a deal in the narutoverse, substitution jutsus counter that kind of thing regularly
Like I said, effectively IT. It's very common in the series for a person to appear behind a character before they can react and attack them.
Israel by itself has wiped the floor with Egypt and its allies, and it has only got stronger since. The US doesn't even have to turn up.
When it melts it becomes a meme blob
Tai Lung wins the first three rounds and loses the last three. His agility, strength and dodging feats can easily deal with widow, hawkeye and cap. Ironman and Thor's long range attacks are what win it for them, and Hulk is just broken as shit, his feats against the chitauri are ridiculous
Favourite: FLCL Least favourite: Rosario+Vampire The creatures in Rosario+Vampire actually do have pretty impressive feats, but as far as I remember they aren't strong enough to knock away meteors with electric guitars.
Get out of our home
Po has far better physical feats, he definitely takes this. Also 616 is a marvel thing
Sephiroth. He already destroyed most of the solar system with one attack.
Orihime has potentially one of the most broken powers in all of Bleach, which is saying something. She can erase someone from ever having existed. Damn shame Kubo never used her properly.
Like surgical needles or sewing needles? If sewing needles I could probably get through at least a hundred
That's like saying you don't like music. You have to find which ones you like and which ones you don't.
Marinated venison slow roasted with garlic potatoes and fresh bread on the side
That title goes to Japan
Bakura from Yu-Gi-Oh was a fantastic villain. Season five where he wrecks the shit out of ancient Egypt is great, as is the final duel between him and base Yugi.
The reason you don't receive a straight answer is that you have one of those faces that people either love or don't care for at all. You look quite a bit like Kristen Schaal imo.
Sitting cross legged is normal, most people do it.
Men generally build bonds by experience. A sporting club is perfect because you are comrades and there's competition to bring you together
Friends and a job are under your control.
I prefer Abomination
What the *fuck* is a sonic
A great opera singer can convey emotions in a deeply moving way. The sheer voice control and acting ability it takes to hold a note whilst showing deep grief or torment is astounding. The line in Shawshank Redemption about it is great, Red doesn't know what the Italian ladies are singing and he doesn't care, he just feels the emotions they feel. Wholly agreed on the jazz btw
Modern art, specifically the kind of art designed to shock. The idea of parading the disgusting is ludicrous in my view. Roger Scruton had a great documentary on this.
CBT is what you want. Rework your thinking so that you can get to the core of these insecurities. Once you identify them, conquer them and prove to yourself that you're strong.
All of those have a stylistic link. Plot wise, anime does not.
This is the best, the finest shitpost. Four star, best in the city, zaget!
Use an aluminium chloride antiperspirant.
Shinobi would be FTE to ordinary people. Also the stormtrooper armour has pretty large weaknesses that even academy ninjas would be able to hit.
Remember that a degree is not worth anywhere near what it once was. Social connections trump it every time
The show is pure fun. Perfect popcorn show.
/r/anime_irl /r/animenocontext
Ozai's fire is nothing to sneeze at, it's hot enough to melt rock. Also his speed and agility are far better than that of movie Vader
Lol my bad thought it was /r/goats
There's a couple of hundred of them
What the FUCK is a sonic
The best social connections will win out over the best degree
Disagree on the anti-spiral point. Team dai-gurren could rise to any challenge and the anti-spiral realised that if they kept getting stronger they would've caused the universal destruction that they feared.
Oh wow that's real
Lee is way way waaaaay too fast for Maul to deal with. 10/10 Lee
Really, really long hair. Hip-length long. Also a thick single braid.
That's awesome that you found someone you can connect with in that way. It's why I want to help more aromantics come together because the dynamic is just so ideal. I'd love to chat by the way if you're interested
Cracker. Robbie Coltrane's best performance imo
Nelson absolutely wins. Probably without losing a single ship. His vessels are far, far superior and Yi Soon Shin's big victory was because he knew the terrain better than the Japanese and set a trap.
I'm not a woman
Get your sword!
In my experience people only have a problem with those who try to erase the whole notion of biological gender and treat gender as a multicoloured pick n' mix bag. Hence the attack helicopter copypasta.
Because it's fun. The lighthearted cheekiness of it makes it enjoyable. You can enjoy beautiful women without having to masturbate every time.
The Beatles were the One Direction of their day. They have some catchy songs but ultimately their reputation is why they're talked about not their music. MJ had better music and was lightyears ahead of them as a performer. And he had an awesome video game. MJ every time.
Action and comedy. Some really nice animation in there.
I can and do, but I like the personal touch of the gonewild subs, especially gonewildaudio
That one naked picture of Stan Lee with a comic book over his junk
Always. It allows me to talk for longer, do other things at the same time, and think properly about what I want to say. It's also better for my overseas friends because they can proofread their English.
A reading of the poem After All by Henry Lawson Then a performance of I Vow To Thee My Country, the proper version with all three verses, removing the middle verse is a disgrace.
Implying shizune's sex scene wasn't the best one
I don't normally. I'd have to go searching for a really sad animal movie if I wanted to but then why would I want to?
Beat them with jumper cables
They didn't make Pepsi envy? Really?
And where exactly did they say this?
Some of them, sure. But I think some of them bring life to certain areas, like Sophanem
Wow these a fantastic! A romhack of Pokemon set in Westeros featuring these would be so cool
Dough?
Zez ih muh is the correct way, as confirmed in zezima's ama
Bank standers were a fantastic addition
So basically always then. Junk is always in abundant supply and the chance of getting rare components is great. Screw paying hundreds of millions to fill out the component list
https://www.reddit.com/r/runescape/comments/3363ms/zezima_amaa_1130pm_utc_ingame_time_19th_april_2015/
The point is to get rare components to fill out the list, not use in gizmos. The time required to use them would be used bankstanding anyway so it's not a loss.
It's called Abomination, likely on YouTube
I think the Jaldroacht mummies are considered the best iirc
That's nice that you have a dad like that but it's not like that for everyone, and going by the way Donald Trump writes about him it's not true of his father. He had plenty to lose both professionally and personally.
You get refunded for daily challenges right? And Beacons take 15 mins, super easy.
Boss on other servers then, duh. I'm also an Australian player, and just log into other worlds
Historical context like what? Slavery? Every race did that, both to themselves and against others.
So no race that ever owned slaves can be proud of their heritage in the region that they owned slaves in, which for most is their homeland? Do you realise how totally nonsensical this is? The practice of slavery doesn't mean a people group shouldn't be proud of themselves.
Generalising in that way entirely valid. Different groups of people have different characteristics and there's nothing impolite about recognising it. Saying that somebody is for example tall for a woman, or pale for an amerindian isn't being mean, it's seeing the world as it is.
Anybody *can* get annoyed or offended by anything. The point is that being honest about what's right in front of your eyes is not a cruel thing to do.
Except OP was clearly giving his own opinions, not trying to declare beauty objective. Him not considering the rest of that group beautiful is fine.
Bullying is not the same as being honest about what's in front of your eyes. Bullying specifically involves intimidation.
Comparison is a very useful tool in general for language, saying there's no point is inane. Maybe not to you but to the vast majority of the population some people look more sexually attractive than others, especially when that person is trans and trying to pass. Pretending that this isn't the case in some Emperor's New Clothes kind of fashion is what's pointless.
That would be Florence no?
Few exceptions? Seinen and Josei manga/anime are very broad. I challenge any kid to have a damn clue what's going on in Ghost In The Shell.
Because of the strategy. Watching Light and L play a deadly game where they both know what the other can do but they have to prove it is exciting.
This is a good post and all but it addresses something I didn't say. I said adult anime is very broad, not that most anime is for adults. If you want to look for adult oriented anime you won't have to look far.
Love love love the sound of this! More lore heavy content and exploration is exactly what I want from this update, ports has been tantalising us for so long
If you don't want discussion then what are you using comments for at all?
Reminds me of the immortals from 300
Finally! It's been awful not being able to snoop on all these players' KCs. Almost as bad as those people who set their examine to private
Still legal
What's wrong with having to train for comp? Like duh
It's a vore fetish
No it doesn't
It's because that guy fooled him three times
They ban bots in waves, not after individual reports
Well not *that* part of the abyss anyway, there's another part with abyssal demons
Personally I think it looks a little bit blocky, specifically on the arms and the plateskirt. Also not enough to differentiate the shoulders from the chest. Something like [this](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/2a/ae/ed/2aaeed9fe745265897a2840a49cf0dfd.jpg) does the roman inspiration well I think. Hope this helps Mod Raven :)
If you don't want to pay for it then you don't get it. Do you act this way towards all shops?
750-800gb
That's just perspective. It's not about rich and western, it's race. The white races are generally quite tall, as are polynesians and some African groups.
Lol some idiot downvoted you, not realising that yes Hugo Boss actually did design those uniforms.
The Absolute Madman knew it would happen, truly he is with us in support of Anglo Culture.
*americans still believe their rebellion was fighting against tyranny*
Ah Steven Crowder, the guy who says "I'm a Christian conservative but I don't bring it up all the time" in every video.
Nah that's Finland
There's a lot to like about LDP, I voted for them in 2013, but their stance on immigration and some of the privatisation stops me. They don't seem to value, or even mention, Australian culture and way of life, which heavy immigration threatens.
Love all of these except The Heart Insignia, I'd like to see that be a Shard of Mah that comes from FOTG2
It's because this is a chance for real change, and if it loses then it will be so much harder to win next time. Brexit was the first big victory of this worldwide cultural push against establishment globalism, and I think Trump's victory will be an even more devastating blow against our opponents.
So Overwatch?
Well it's available from lootshare now so a mass is viable
It used to count for the 500 corpses when it first came out but that was changed.
Look I'm no fan of Christianity but these are on wildly different scales. Look up the number of terrorist attacks committed worldwide and see what percentage are related to Islam. Every Christian knows that the Bible was compiled by men centuries after Jesus died and has had many different iterations. Muslims believe that the Quran was dictated by the Archangel Gabriel as the immortal and perfect word of God, never to be changed. Part of the story is even that Judaism and Christianity were seen as too progressive and reformist (in the fucking dark ages) and straying from the word of God.
Stats are much faster to train now so don't worry about being underleveled. There are lots more goals now like Boss and Skilling pets, Comp Cape (might have been around four years ago not sure), Master Quest cape, and titles like Daredevil and Final Boss. The new quests are mindblowingly good, the music is great, the combat is great. Minigames are mainly only active during their spotlight rotation, but that means you get to play most of them. Pvp is dead.
All of this would be a mountain of work to change. Given how much the community says they hate pvp this would just be a stupid time investment.
Fantastically funny quest, I'd gladly do it any time
Why is it wrong? New gear beats old gear big deal
Cloak of seasons
Long dead meme.
Yeah 7 bucks a month is really going to send you broke
Account age =/= real age =/= maturity Turn your public chat off if it bothers you
Yes it would be easy but GWD is already active, this is a chance to revitalise dead content at least a bit.
Saradomin is unrelated but that's it. I explained Armadyl, Bandos is directly linked to Jiggig and Jogres, and Mortton is within a long established Zamorakian area
He's smart but a total sellout. He's unprincipled.
That cat is cheating, he has a fusion monster on the field yet no fusion magic cards or effect monsters in the graveyard
You can already store them with the shopkeeper for a price, and post requirement you only need to grow one type anyway
Dungeoneering, sinkholes OP
You do realise streamers choose to play on their own? Jagex doesn't hire them. They have added more 'streamer-bait' like Telos and soon shattered world's.
Because that's part of their personal progression. Maybe they want a 120 cape for edating, who knows? The point is that it doesn't affect your character.
Pinned already, praise Kek for our mods
Only if you have a very bizarre definition of winning
There's an app for recognising songs called Shazam
None of them are best in slot. They have a niche use against some bosses like Yakamaru
I'm a fan of reworks too, certainly. I'd love to see a Construction one. I'm also fascinated by the "healing the world" type skill that Mod Timbo floated by at Runefest. It would be a great way to revitalise old areas, and it would be so cool if it was a type of Time Magic.
Support! Also adding the 'enhancer' items from Motherlode Maw to various minigames would help revive them I think.
It was a response to the future content survey, Jagex are still iffy about doing it at all
Jewish mother Greek father Catholic religion
Because of the nostalgia selling point they tend to like tweaking old content more than bringing in new content. It has its good and bad points
Warped Gorajo set is perfect for this
Of the regular monsters soulgazers and edimmu. They have a ton of health and hit pretty hard
Dark Beasts and Celestial Dragons Completely harmless, good cash, and all their drops are noted so no inventory management
I don't know how much customisability it could really have, I would probably just make mine mostly to look like a pretty area rather than for slayer monsters. In general I'd like a bit of a slayer dungeon rework to make them more spacious and natural. Places like the Fremennik Slayer Dungeon are just weird that they're a series of small rooms with one kind of creature in them, rather than a spacious cavern with multiple small groups of various creatures in appropriate spots
Is there really any reason to? The fighter torso is currently both easy to obtain and totally useless. The only reason to even obtain one is to fill up the POH armour case.
Already part of the suggestions for 120 slayer, but I'd very much like to give myself endless edimmu tasks
It doesn't work so well because he's more a comedian than a reviewer. His FF13 one was just weird imo
I say hey, what a wonderful kind of day
Inb4 somebody complains about Great Britain being called England
Good lord that is scary dedication. So this is what happens when you quick chat something over the maximum prestige?
Oh boy another kid discovered socialism for the first time. Read some Thomas Sowell
Prifddinas is a little better with this since NXT as you can see the houses down on the ground, but I agree
Yeah cause if there's anything the game needs it's more people at Priff
Hmm hmm?
Legends cape would suit it, is cheap and has reasonable stats
Giants sure could use a graphical update.
A shield on a corpse in the kalphite hive
There's a link in the sidebar for returning players, but basically just relax and enjoy yourself. Doesn't matter if you don't know everything right away
Nope I do the same. Even though I know it doesn't affect anything I get that reaction. Probably a leftover from other skills where it does matter
The point of pets is to show off luck
Nonstop winning folks, believe me
Good god. I got mine at about 30 attempts with 80 or so invention. Feel bad for you man
And every attempt at reviving pvp has instantly turned into dead content. The writing is on the wall, runescape is no longer a pvp game
Because he's probably the most honourable knight in shining armour type character towards Sansa (short of Garlan and Loras but they're not available), but he's rough, ugly and hates knights so it subverts the trope.
Damn don't remind me. That's gonna suck
Eight is uncomfortably large still. The problem with raids now is that you can't just grab a couple of buddies and go, it requires serious organisation and that makes people balk at doing the content at all.
Different drop table iirc so no
Wholeheartedly agree. If trim comp is not about actually completing the game then what is it for? It's a handful of arbitrary requirements which only change your cape's particle colour. True trim needs to be just trim.
I really like the games room. Would be nice if it offered some sort of reward, if only cosmetic
10 feet higher!
Wow that's cool!
I'd love to download the OST too. Hell last night I had the Telos music in my head cause it's just so cool
Agreed on reworking some desert content. Graphical updates to the desert as a leadup would be great too
Trimmed Completionist should be about completing the game, it's in the name. IFB doesn't claim to be about completing content, even bossing. It's about getting all boss pets and 100 kills on everything.
Well damn. Grenwalls I guess then
Ok but what about people without demonic skulls? Why defend griefers?
He has the cooking and strength skillcapes
You look like your eyes were swapped over in some sort of snapchat filter
Whores
I love him! Please mods put him in game
Thank you!!
IV, VII, X and XII for me. Truly hope XVI has all the series summons though, it would be so cool to have just everything.
Crisis Core's materia fusion could become pretty damn op Also in Dissidia 012 I managed to cheese Feral Chaos on my first try just by spamming Ultima with Kuja
Lots of mods around here. We love our mods don't we folks?
Dude get the levels, I can't believe you bought gear before buying them
Do quests! The story is great, it introduces you to lots of content and the rewards boost your early levels
Congrats dude, I love seeing the salt posts like these generate
All those look really cool, and you can never have too much fashionscape Hopefully more scythes make their way in game. Also there's yak scythe, cursed reaver scythe and Christmas scythe
I used them around 90 but even at 80 it would probably still be fine
Those are genius
Well thanks lol. I don't understand the frying pan connection lol but tiny shields are cute
There'll be a code of it on the disc
I'm not sure but a simple google search should cover you
Found out recently myself you can still buy the tokens. Got him for 30m
I believe it's in the first of the Filthy Frank cake trilogy
A full map rework would be so great, shame it's a lofty dream
He was clearly making a joke
This is fun but the suggestions are wildly different in difficulty to the raids feats
Your best yet!
Those people aren't joking. They're making serious points while dressed as genitalia.
Stalin's planned invasion of Western Europe, which got him murdered by his underlings
I would love that tbh
Definitely worth starting again. Low levels still get content and you can progress quite quickly.
Jabzy and Historia Civilis on YouTube are good
/r/runescape has a few centipedes actually
Where's the any key?
Normal logic? What normal logic? Nothing suggests new prayers have to be less than 99
1. Builds aren't a thing in runescape. Each character can potentially master every bit of content 2. You can do whatever you like. If you want to cut trees all day go ahead, the game won't stop you. 3. Every quest has an engaging story. Some are intense character arcs with analogies to timeless philosophical questions, others are more lighthearted, but they all contribute to a truly deep and rich lore
Raddalin
Disagree. It's supposed to be a mark of prestige only just like the other master capes. Locking useful pvm gear behind non-pvm content is bad game design and just annoys pvmers. And I say this as a MQC holder
/r/amathenedit is that way
Geostigma, clearly
Go in a group of 5 then. Mod Ramen said it would be viable
And this is why you always mine the ore before it harmonises
Avaryss is still censored for some dumb reason
Well you can actually visit the arc without those levels you just can't get chimes
So it's basically world event two but more teams. It would be fun but no way in the wide world would it ever get developed. That's a ton of resources for just a minigame, something that's already unpopular.
I like all of these ideas, makes skilling more enjoyable and will help a lot for pet grinds
Well the sun and solar system still exists in that universe post fight so it can be inferred that wasn't a literal representation of that attack. In other words magic life stream fuckery
You don't have to support anyone you don't want to. The point is it's healthy to listen to people you disagree with because it (a) makes your own views more robust in response and (b) means you might come across something worth thinking about.
Established newspapers aren't an actual authority. Especially when their corruption is so blatant. You show your own close-mindedness when you refuse to listen to those who disagree with you. Whether you respect Breitbart is irrelevant, the facts matter and that you would ignore them because you don't like the joke in the headline or the topic being addressed (seriously? You don't think black crime is an issue?). Breitbart's viewership blows WSJ and Chicago Tribune out of the water. It is the mainstream.
When they abandon the ideology.
Male sexuality is predominantly visual, so physical characteristics make up most of the total judgment. You're right that those other things vary a lot but they're essentially window dressing.
Now is pretty much a Runescape golden age. The lore especially is FANTASTIC. So rich and interesting, spanning a whole universe of worlds
http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Raptor_chest
It's a fan-run channel but it's not monetised. Purely love for jontent
Sadly she has a boyfriend :(
Of Persian descent but he's an atheist. Don't think he's ever said what his parents are, probably Muslim but there are Christian, Jewish and Zoroastrian minorities there
When Donald Trump tweeted a rare pepe of himself the timelines switched, we are now in the domain of Kek
Yeah he does, his real name is Carl Benjamin
Look at the suggested videos to the side, lots of "is jontron a nazi? is jontron a sexist piece of shit?" nonsense
You can dislike him all you want but calling everyone you don't like a nazi is just retarded
Obviously it's not all voters but SJWs hold serious sway within governments, academia and media.
Had some fun with this. No idea what my virtual levels are supposed to be because I don't play with that feature
Planks because they have a use beyond xp
Would love for this to happen, along with Cresbot
Yes. Doesn't matter what someone's opinion is, free speech is essential.
Because you're not lucky
That's much more cool!
Seems very fair to me, people doing Monkey Madness for the first time won't have stats anywhere near this
So many of these worlds are being namedropped and I hope so desperately that we get to go to all of them
There's a bunch of pictures of Hindus semi-worshipping him. They know full well what Islamic violence is like
Osrs is heavily nostalgia based. If you never played the game from about 2004-2009 it will hold little relevance to you. Rs3 is much more focused on a deep and extensive lore, high end PvM and Completionist goals like prestigious titles, pets, cosmetics etc
Firemaking, woodcutting, fishing (especially waterfall), divination, everything except hunter in The Arc, Empty Throne Room
Give Shauny time!
The "despicable creatures" he talked about there were leftists not other races. Still distasteful, and his courting of neo nazis is troubling, but he's just the mirror image of the far left, more restrained even in some aspects.
Find where he advocated genocide then, because to my knowledge he advocates peoples living separately.
Not current dyes, I'm suggesting a new dye exclusive to WWF
Lying media is the same the world over, they need to be stopped
Hope so
10 feet higher!
He doesn't really bring it up, he just makes fun of overly sensitive snowflakes
For bosses and Dungeoneering I do solo For minigames I do spotlight or an fc
Fuck the people who've been insulting him, I like Timbo
In fairness Wyverns aren't something post-07. Although the drop table buff is specific to oldschool. A better example for Glacors might be Lizardmen Shamen.
I did the same for the goblin outside deaths office lol. Still do it sometimes then remember I have the champion scrolls already
Funny how supposedly well meaning climate change agreements and legislation basically amount to crippling the economies of western nations. It's not worth it. Even if the worst scaremongering about climate change is true it's not worth giving world influence to communist China.
Chanel Santini
They do if you have any sense of what it means to be a good member of society
&gt;posts the rest in English but doesn't say Vienna
It's more likely you're not aro and just aren't fully dealing with your rejection, as a typical aro wouldn't have got the feelings in the first place. Whether you like those feelings or wanted them to happen is neither here nor there, that's just a judgment. In a combination of personal experience and some sciencific study on homosexuality (romance is after all an add on to sexuality) I do think it's possible to genuinely become aromantic however that's far from a concrete idea and it also involves a more complete transformation of your own self. My advice would be to deal with depression first and not worry about this until after that, as it might be getting in the way of clear thinking.
Had the most money
Full support. Or even better offer them through small gameplay additions to flesh out the world but frankly I support any re-release of discontinued items. They shouldn't exist imo.
Is this supposed to accomplish something? It's not like Jagex aren't aware of the problem
And I support them being re-released like in osrs, but I know that one is never going to happen
Islam isn't the only source but it's certainly the biggest and most problematic
I don't think it was shoehorned, it was treated very matter-of-factly and wasn't pandering at all. The OSRS event differs because it's explicitly trying to support a controversial real-world political movement, and the reason it's sensitive is because it's been used as a stepping stone to force wider left-wing talking points into many social places. It happened with comics, atheism+, bioware and ubisoft games, and more. If Jagex were smart they would have said "we understand the concern. This event is about supporting individuals not social movements." But /u/modmatk doubled down and said the exact wrong thing. He wants to use OSRS as a platform to speak about political causes.
That's only one town in which that's a joke not a stereotype. They're not the only group to attack non-believers. There are more towns than that and there are bandits and slaves elsewhere too.
In your examine settings on the chat
You should always use the highest level slayer master you can
Afk Prifddinas waterfall with rodomatics, and do crystallised grenwalls.
The worst will be the pyramid plunder one I can already tell
I wish they'd just make them actually related. What's the point of an incest tag if it's not really incest?
When they're interested in the sport
*have
SOMEBODY
They're 75
That's hokey, and old jontron was better
So Dex was trying to kill himself
I beg to differ my friend
No bamboozle
That's an argument for *a* legendary pet to be added through gameplay, not for retroactively changing one. And why change it? Because it's level 99 summoning? Doesn't seem much of a reason. The reward is that it's a dragon and dragons are cool.
Aaaand I'm not sleeping tonight
It would act as a super counterweight by thrusting downwards
Looking back are you glad it happened?
Love them, wish more girls knew we like them
My goal is to get to 50 plats this year. I think I've got like 20 or so so far? Maybe a bit more. All in all I'm on track
Waste of money tbh, condoms are mandatory meaning that there's basically zero sensation. Although I only did it to satisfy my curiosity so in that respect it was fine
The best way is to be clear cut. "Thanks for the offer but I'm only into girls." If their ego is damaged yeah it sucks but they knew what the risk was. You don't have to apologise for being yourself
Well the height thing isn't so much a societal norm as a physical trend. Most men are taller than women.
Senliten is pretty bangin
Lucky son of a bitch. QLDer here and it's still not cold enough to wear a coat
1/5000
It's compassion, caring, a bond. Romance isn't a prerequisite for that.
God damn this is too real
Max stats isn't winning.
No reason the FF7 remake can't include spinoff content
It's all they ever have been. Look at Lynx Titan right now - he's not the most skilled player on osrs. He doesn't even need extensive game knowledge to do what he does. He just does it say in day out to an extreme degree.
Sure but they're just a time gate. They aren't a skill barrier like bossing and questing.
Those look like Sugar Gliders actually
In my view at least the idea that religions are created by humans is precisely what makes them meaningful. They contain human wisdom, and the older the religion the more likely they are to have profound wisdom - because that's what people bother to remember. So scientology not so much but religions that are thousands of years old have a deep insight to offer. The existence of a god as described by an organised religion is a literal impossibility, but artistically the character of God has something to offer.
You should see /r/2meirl4meirl
It's not a story Jagex would tell you.
Definitely can't wait to Plat it after 100% the originals
I'll try the tetrarchy that's a good trick
You vastly oversimplify the concepts in order to get easy answers for your pre-existing viewpoint. You don't approach religion with humility and a willingness to learn and that is intellectually dishonest.
