They gave all the good weapons to trials Unfortunatly for some
That argument is invalidated by the amazing pve weapons available from the lighthouse
Reinforced barrel increased range at the expense of stability while rifled battle takes away reload speed. Reinforced barrel is better because stability doesn't matter on a shotgun
I find Reinforced barrel is better. If much rather sacrifice stability than reload speed especially when stability has no effect on a shotgun
Yeah I have all 3 and the party crasher is the best in my opinion
Even if they are geared at pvp it doesn't mean they aren't great for pve. A lot of pvp perks carry over to pve especially when there's elemental damage. You can't just gloss over the fact the only way to get a decent elemental primary with this dlc is through a flawless trials run.
Yeah but they are pretty terrible when compared to their trials counterparts. I think that's the biggest problem. Even if you get an elemental primary from skolas it won't hold up against old raid gear or even the trials weapon. so yes there really is an argument that the only way to get good " raid type" Weapons with this dlc is the through pvp
I have used both with identical rolls pretty extensively and I like the party crasher. The range difference is slmost unnoticeable but the party crasher fires noticibly faster. It'd probably a preference thing though
i did it twice with 2 gallys and a hunger and we all used pretty much all our rockets and a synth. barely got it done
Yeah i know its not required but the guy you responded to is talking about bursting him down. Which you pretty much need gjallarhorns
i kind of disagree. I think playing in the iron banner is the best place to finish the bounty... alot of PVE players are playing iron banner meaning a less skilled pool. Whos going to be playing regular crucible when iron banner is active? probably people who enjoy crucible. You could be right but i see iron banner as the best place to complete the bounty
You only get one weapon even if you have two bounties at the same time
I disagree. A shotgun is going to one hit someone anyway from the right distance... Having maxed range and mag is more important than trying to proc luck in the chamber at the expense of range and mag size Edit: spelling
That's a really poor example but I get your point. It's more like using shards to upgrade a piece of dark below armor. You don't get more back even if you put shards into it
Trading would ruin destiny. I've seen it ruin and your other games and it really doesn't bring anything to the table especially in a game like destiny
yeah i agree with that. With TLW you just need to find that sweetspot distance thats too far for a shotfun but close enough that you have the advantage...TLW will win that fine most of the time
Yeah you are right the one he is selling is a beast. I wrote that before I saw what the rolls were on the vendor one but all my points on desired perks still stand. I will probably get one to roll and one to keep as is. I would like to roll hidden hand on one as well I wish that and third eye weren't exclusive
i have them both and i like the party crasher more. The impact and range difference is negligible but the party crasher fires noticeably faster. I have both with identical rolls btw
i see your point but buying an exotic engram and re rolling a weapon are not the same thing. To be honest i think its harder to get weapon parts than it is to get motes especially with the material exchange
I dont think its a good analogy because you can get motes from just about every material in the game. yeah you get alot of engrams but when compared to how many parts it takes to upgrade a weapon its not really proportionate. Im not really follwing why you are so against a less time consuming way to get weapon parts. Im not asking for them for free just a less time consuming way to get them
i wouldnt say thats ignorant. I might have exagerated when i said 9-0 or nothing but I was just trying to show that trials is also very easy for some people even more so than skolas. to some extent you either succeed at trials of you dont there isnt much middle ground whether you go undefeated or not
i have been but i use them up as soon as i get them even without reforging
thats not an option for the majority of players. I got to 7 wins the first week but wasnt able to crack it last week
yeah the key is good fireteam which is hard to come by. Im solid at regular pvp but i cant get it to carry over to trials.
Get to 34 first and then worry about rolls later. Raid boots are solid though heavy of the heavy ammo increase
the problem with that is that skolas can pretty much one shot you with his solar cannon this week
i dont have either unfortunately. I have beaten him the last two weeks with LDR and Efirideets spears. I would try and find a high impact solar sniper. Ice breaker with only 6 shots( can fire roughly 8 consecutively) is not viable if they are trying to burn him. I dont think you could even break his bonds with ice breakers. Ill probably be staying away this week. i have 60 normal crota clears and no black hammer and do every exotic drop 3x a week and no Gjallarhorn
Thanks i really didnt care too much about the GHORN until recently. Not having one is actually negatively effecting my experience now. I wouldnt say xur should sell it but someone who plays as much as i do should have a way to acquire a weapon like this. I coudlnt even do skolas 1st week and im all about endgame PVE.
i think you are missing the whole point of this post. He is showing that a Gjallarhorn isnt necessary like most people think. Of course its a strategy get off your high horse
No its not i have only gotten it on two of my three characters every week. Its only guaranteed one per account per week and the rest is RNG
middle tree is all about preference. I like snap shot but a stability upgrade is also an option
Yeah you really shouldnt be using hunger in PVP. Anything with prox det will outperform you and the hungers tracking kind of sucks
yeah one of you stun him and the other two use gallys
I would try and roll for reinforced barrel and shot package. Anything after that is a bonus. I personaly dont like handicapping myself to proc final round more often in a weapon that already one hit kills people ( smallboar)
been playing it all week.
I would use a high impact sniper rifle instead of the dragons breath
What happens if someone has to leave and the other two want to keep going. They cant add anyone to there activity?
i just use the destiny app and i have pretty good luck finding teams for every activity... i feel like there arent as many people posing on the reddit recruitment
i dont really agree with just letting the person with the essence die. Why not just stick together and keep moving...
Corrective measure is not bad. I have all the god heavy machine guns but always go back to my corrective measure. I kind of stopped reading after that
600 hours of gameplay and don't have a single faction shader and I only rank factions
get over it the rewards are RANDOM. I have recieved a ton of rewards from being at the top of the leaderboard and other from being at the bottom. As for the inactivity issue im not sure why he wasnt kicked
armentarium is the best titan PVP exotic. I use the crest for trials because of the faster revives. I would level up striker first if you want to play PVP
i should say it was being a sherpa for crota for months and seeing people flip out over their new loot but really i think my best moment in destiny was probably when i realized trials isnt that hard and i can actually succeed at it
its not worth it. The weapons all blow and i have no incentive to grind my way to the skolas or even the 34 anymore
People make ridiculous requirements for every activity. " vog must be 34 with max ghorn". There are also plenty of people on the forums just looking for people to play trials with. It's like selective reading ... You only see the people going for flawless when there are a ton of people just going for 5-7 wins. Trials can be frustrating especially if you don't have good friends. I have been working at getting better at pvp and finally go flawless this weekend. It was well worth it and I think anyone can succeed at trials with a good gam plan and solid weapons
It's how they want pvp played. They don't want people sneaking around and have the game being about who can do that Better
Happened to me last week. We lost the first match and then got our revenge the second time around.
Yeah you are guaranteed a weapon from the core but it should be an elemental primary instead of the core. That would make sense if you are comparing it to old raids
You all seem to be missing the point. Trials rewards guaranteed endgame elemental primaries. That's why they are comparable because they both reward the penultimate weapons in destiny but not even close to evenly. Yes trials is harder but that's subjective. Trials is very easy for some people and PoE is very easy for some people. It took triple wreck two hours to beat skolas on arc burn week yet he can do a 9-0 in 40 minutes. Subjective. If trials didn't award elemental primaries then yes it would be ridiculous to compare the two acticty and their rewards.... But they do and that's the item people play pve to recieve. I don't understand why people are so against this
Trials changed the game though. The fact that trials guaranteed you the ultimate pve weapons available in this dlc makes the activities and their rewards comparable. I do agree that when compared to old raids sure skolas and his rewards are not that bad. If we want to go a little deeper though the old raid weapons were actually good. The PoE weapons blow and I think that's where a lot of the outrage comes from. Anyone saying trials and skolas aren't comparable because trials is harder is just ridiculous. They are comparable because they both rewards elemental primaries. There was never a pvp equivelent like that before so it's hard to compare anything from this dlc to old raids and how they awarded gear
I can agree with all that. The PoE weapons need a buff and that will fix most of these issues. I think they should add a legitimate perk and then have the fallen perk as a secondary like oracle disrupted or hive burn on Crota weapons
or you could only reconnect in between rounds
Ive been disconnected from destiny before and nothing else in my house has every been effected...ever
The only problem with this is that vendor gear is a much higher level that vanillia destiny and it is kind of necessary when you are going from 20-30. There is no way around that and it will effect your experience. It is still a cool idea but you cant necessarily do what you did to originally get to 30
might be the worst tutorial ive ever seen. You barely even explain how to use the heavy ammo glitch and dont even mention the icebreaker.
if you are gonna play the game buy the dlc's. If not then its not really worth it .
Its not really reasonable to compare the price of a full DLC to the price of cosmetic items. Now if we compare that $20 to something relevent.....Remember when this community ate up ONE shader, ONE emblem and a teeshirt for 25 bucks and people are flipping out over 3x the in game content for 20 bucks? I dont know what people expected but its right in line with what we asked for as a community. You dont have to pay for items you already own to get the cosmetic issues which is litterally what we wanted. People love being outraged Edit: yest i was referring to the Nepal relief donations. I hope you dont really believe that many destiny players would have donated if they weren't receiving in game items. yeah it was for a good cause but a lot of people also saw it as a purchase
yes i just added that in the edit....
Yeah you are right it can go both ways i just thought it was one of the only things we have had to go by when talking about cosmetic items. The t-shirt is cool but im sure just the cosmetics spurred people to donate
the majority of popular streamers are not against donations. Where did you get that idea? Thats a whole different discussion but you are way off the mark on that. They thrive on donations
I actually started watching him recently and I've never seen him act like that. That video was my first impression of him but he is actually one of the nicest streamers around
Most of the matches i saw ( i watched a decent amount) he was always the top of his team even when he was playing with resolve. Hes def a good play but does need to get sweatier
Weapon reforging is the single best thing that came with this DLC. I respect your opinion but thats all it is... an opinion.
you had them dead to rights... why did you leave the orbs and hand him those revives? cool vid but you shouldn't have been in that position anyway
a striker titan can nullify any other super especially a blade dancer...they definetly have their place
completely disagree. The Vault of glass was not flawless. It was a great first raid level activity but kings fall is much more mature and a much more finished product. You are blinded by nostalgia. I wasnt even playing the whole thing after i had armor. I would just load into atheon 3x a week
That's a ridiculous statement. You can't go for kills like that in tdm because the match would be over in minutes
they either grow physically right out of the gate or they dont. Sure somtimes physical growth can get spurred on later in their development but if they dont start growing when they are promoted i wouldnt bank on it happening at all.
Can i ask why you only want his overall to go up? Just training stats that increase their overall actually make them a worse player in the long run
any luck?
yeah i got a huge list of shit they want me to do. Im just done with the game. Fuck it
just bad luck. Ive had amazing regens with great WF and SM as well as what youve experienced
I Cant imagine playing a shooter without my scuff. It takes some getting used to but the paddles are ridiculously helpful
been having the same issue on PS4
no... Youth players physicals only grow a fraction of the time and its mostly luck. Id say its like50 percent ( maybe) of all youth players. So more than likely his physicals wont grow
He made a video last year about a CONFIRMED 6th chest in the vault of glass. Made a 20 minute video describing how him and his team found it and what you need to do to find it as well. He was clearly lying and i unfollowed after that
Im not exactly sure what you are trying to say. Can you be more specific about what you are encountering or what the problem is?
what they request for salary is what you need to give them.
let him get the may bump. Players like that get the biggest bumps
yes there is. Just not for user controlled teams. Thats how computer players grow.
You sell the player to a computer team in january and he will get a bump while on the other team in may. The may bump is still there just not for user controlled players
its so frustrating when you are dominating and have the other team against the wall in their own spawn and your teammates start blocking their spawn so they flip. Pet peeve for me
you didnt tell us what map you are talking about
M8, Pharao and ghost were my first 3. I was sick of waiting for the pharoa to unlock and m8 is such a high level it made sense to me
it took me a little while to get used to my scuff but i cant imagine playing without it now. You will get used to it. Give it time you wont regret it
I Stay as long as i am not getting spawn camped and there arent raps on the ground already
alot of them lobby shop and quit when they are getting any decent competition
you found a decent youth prospect. A dime a dozen.
but it did. They all were playing on their personal accounts for the last two days because big foltz needed to be the one who reached 1000. Also the majority of the people doing the work were 3 of the streamers not the owner of the channel who made out ridiculous well from this whole thing
yeah hes a really amazing player but i know what you are saying. Last night he called some dude a "fucking idiot" and continued to ridicule the other team for actually trying to play the objective
it says it right on there you can only use on per season
lets not get carried away. Ethnic light was a gimmick and didnt require you to use new weapons. I liked having to try new weapons at the beginning of ttk
I've been playing destiny religiously since launch. i haven't played in a few months and have no desire to play anymore. I absolutely love destiny but i got bored
yeah you are wrong. First of anyone who plays the game regularly can come to those conclusions on their own. Bringing a you tuber into this helps nothing. Now those guns were a problem. They were all the best guns in their class barring a few exotics. Even when house of wolves came out I would've taken the vog and Crota weapons over anything they could've released. They made them too Strong and realized it. Hence why they needed to be phased out. Now Gjallarhorn is a horrible example to bring. That gun was broken and people were pissed when it got taken away becusse they now had to actually do some Mechanics. Now you can disagree but the argument that you liked using them unfortunately doesn't cut it Edit spelling
you guys think you have problems. My career mode has been freezing about 5 years in and getting corruped. Its a problem effecting other people on the career mode sub but its not wide spread enough for EA to do anything about it. All they do when i contact them is give me standard trouble shooting tips when its clearly something wrong with the game. I have stopped playing fifa
no you cant bet on that because they dont do that.
even if he opened 1 million fifa points worth of packs that would be like $7k. Explain to me how that a "eating thru that so fast"
I never gave either of those guns a second thought until i did diamond ARs. Now they are two of my favorite guns in the game. Especially the hvk.
yeah i think OP is a little confused
that term has been around in FPS games for years. Its not something new
yeah but you missed your first two shots. Shit like that is annoying but shooting first doesnt mean you deserved to win the gun fight
ive never had any lag until last night
it doesnt but it does let you continue a kill streak for camo. If you have 3 kills die and rejack you can get 2 more and it will count as a blood thirsty for your camo.
why did you crop out what team you are playing as. Kind of suspect you didnt show the whole screen
thats because their physicals arent guaranteed to grow. May bump refers to a player growing in general not necessarily physical growth Usually only players who physicals are growing in YOUR team will grow when bumped in may. Sure there are exceptions but thats a good rule. Als
thanks you for the clarification. People on more than one occasion have actually made posts like yours but lied about being the one who actually sold or bought the player.
Why would you send it back the same day?
Its obviously something in the game causing it to crash. I have contacted EA numerous times and each time im told its on my end and they give me general trouble shooting tips. There are people on every fifa forum having the same issues but its not wide spread enough for them to do anything. I have stopped playing the game mode i love so much because of this.
i wouldnt call it superstition. You can trace and accurately predict what will work and wont. I will agree the growth system is broken though
Its actually pointless to train young players unless you have a certain pertinent stat you need to improve. Let me break it down. Each player grows naturally between 2-6 points in ALL their technical stats until they get close to their ultimate potential. Once they reach their potential they only grow in their position specific stats. Ie finishing and shooting stats for strikers, defensive stats for defenders. So by training you are actually making your players reach their overall sooner which is preventing them from getting the maximum possible growth in the rest of their stats. I only train players when they start nearing their actually potential or have stopped growing in all their stats. Might seem confusing but ive done extensive testing and it makes sense.
fair enough
One of their names starts with B. Hes the one of the people on my PSN friends list but doesnt show up. So in order to get friends to show up in BO3 i have to delete people from my overall psn friends list? I will give it a shot
well it makes sense since they dont sim leagues that you dont play in. They cant sim 100s and 100s of games every single week. that wouldn't be feasible and would probably slow down loading times.
you think you now are limited in the weapons you can use? It used to be between 2 or 3 viable elemental primaries . Now you can use anything you want to without feeling like you are at an disadvantage
PS4.
yeah i dont see snipers very often. The game is very balanced on the consoles right now
lol a couple of weeks? Thats ridiculously optimistic
those are two very popular kill streaks. you should be seeing them.
heres an example. You are getting into a gun fight with someone and you pop your head out, take a couple shots and goes back behind cover only to be killed while behind said cover. Lag compensation in effect. Basically you were already killed by the player on his screen but because of the lag it took some time for the computer to register this making you die after you are behind over on your screen. In actuality you lost the gun battle it just didnt register yet.
yeah they grow in the academy
Sheiva is the worst for me. I'll kill Someone who's headglitching me and it isn't a headshot. I really should've finished it twice as fast since litteral headshots don't count
&gt;it's a great kids show, but it isn't really anything greater than that that is just not true. It is a great star wars show. The first two seasons are kind of lame but the 3rd season to the finale of the series are some of the absolute best star wars story imaginable. It tells some of the best star wars story there are. It shows anakin and the fall of the republic the way it should have been shown. Can i ask what your criticisms are other than the fact its animated?
Yeah of course there is melodramtic elements and some clique dialogue but you cant judge a show or say its not as good as everyone say it is from watching a few episodes. There are 6 seasons of that show and each one is better than the last. It starts to get very dark and its not fair to say its just a kid show especially when there are countless deaths and murders shown on screen. &gt;perhaps the overall plot was good but what I saw was very generic good vs evil characters and concepts just set in the Star Wars universe Its not at all generic good VS evil. Its a pretty complex tragedy that shows the jedi caused their own downfall. It also does a great job showing how anakin was as a jedi and how he fell to the dark side. Sure it has some good Vs evil tropes but the overal story line is not that. Again not liking something is fine but you shouldnt make baseless criticisms based on someething you havent watched
palpatine told who? he didnt need permission to execute order 66. Basically whoever won that night was on the right side in the eyes of the senate. If they had killed palpatine then the senate wouldve backed the jedi and we know what happened in the other scenario
order 66 was a secret. Had it not been a secret the jedi would have known about it and would have done something about it.
Im sure netflix pays a substantial fee for the rights to air this show which in turn funds the show. You sound ridiculously entitled.
that show only gets better and better. The first season is one of the weakest for me. Keep at it
hoops are everywhere
yeah I'm confused about this. Didnt everything work out like everyone wanted it to?
i thought churchill and the priest had the same goal. I thought churchill and the government wanted to be able to cut ties with russia. Again i could be wrong as well. It would make more sense your way but the whole time he never explicitly says who is doing what which get kind of convoluted with this many moving parts
I hated american Sniper. Mainly because right before i saw the movie read an article by a journalist who was embedded with Kyles seal team. He claimed he is a pathological liar and almost everything is taken out of context or a flat out lie. He attributes things to himself that happened to other seals or changes big events to suit his story. Im not sure if i would be downvotes for not liking the movie or criticizing a deceased hero
I was going to say the Grand Budapest Hotel. Its the movie hes been trying to make his entire career. I do like Moonrise Kingdom but i think Grand Budapest is a better movie
not sure if this counts as a speech but Mathew McConaugheys closing argument from a time to kill.
Im surprised we haven't seen a new post about the newest reshoot news regarding the tone. The hollywood reporter claims the execs did not like the tone of the movie and that the reshoots are to bring it in line with "classic star wars". I personally was exited about this movie because it was going to be a war movie with a different tone. Its also been reported the first cut of the movie is solid so i hope they dont change too much. This is all speculation to a degree.
it really is amazing. Cosima feels like a completely different person. I never get taken out of the show or notice they are the same actress unless i am actively thinking about it
there is not a single post talking about the fact the reshoots are do to the tone of the movie. There is another post talking about the how the reshoots are to add han solo. This info came out yesterday afternoon when the Hollywood reported actually had inside sources comment on it.
thats separate goddamn subreddit. I didnt say there were no posts on the entirety of reddit. I thought it was implied we were talking about this sub.
Tommy has a fragile peace in London with the jews and the Italians. Killing alfie would cause all out war. Tommy flipped out when he read the list because there was a name missing from it. Alfie would have only left a name off it if it was someone he was working with. Tommy already knew what names should have been on the list. It was a test and alfie failed by leaving a name off it. That let tommy know which person alfie was working with. He knew he betrayed him. Tommy told Alfie he crossed a line because his son was invovled. Alfie told him he was a hypocrite considering how many sons he has killed and the fact its his son doesnt make any difference. Thats was the jist of their argument.
making a little less money does not equal a " crash and burn"
Stephen Knight thought he was too small to play Thomas Shelby in peaky blinders. Look how that turned out. I still prefer Bale but he wouldve made an interesting batman
Its fantastic. I highly recommend it
Literally too small. At first Knight thought he might be too small to pull of a gangster like that. Thomas Shelby was suppose to be a imposing force which is probably easier for a big guy. He clearly convinced him otherwise and proved that he was right for the roll
He is the absolute worst.
He doesnt know where he is suppose to be, when to break and he loses the ball every goddamn time. He is horrible
how did you get tickets to a sold out premier at the last second?
yeah i dont think they had one stickied last sunday either.
wabalubadubdub
Well they got Emre Cans name wrong. Its prounced "CHAN" since his name has turkish origins. Also if youve ever watched a liverpool game thats how the announcers pronounce it.
the Turkish pronunciatian is "chan". How do you get Djann out of that? Also how does that come out phonically?
i will take your word for it
i liked grace dying the problem was they didnt let it sink in. They cut to days later at the funeral which i think was a mistake. i think they tried to do too much in this season. There were no personal moments like the wedding from season two or the birth of season one. Overall it was solid but not as good for me
if something offends you dont listen to it. There cannot be limits and nothing is off the table. That is the point.
&gt;Actually, it is. You have no right to your job. If you're going to piss off the people buying your product then you're not going to make money. Then the product isnt for you. That the whole point to all of this. If you find something offensive move along. There is no line and nothing is off limits.
Jesus....Im not trying to censor you or stop you from leaving reviews. You of course have that right. I have an issue with the fact you dont think the club should not employ someone anymore because YOU found them offensive and since you were offended its a problem. You are not the sole person buying the product and just because you find it offensive doesnt mean other people do as well. The point of all of this is that if you find something offensive then thats on you. The comedians can say whatever they want
Yeah thats not the same situation. This is a soccer forum and its safe to assume most people who sub here watch the sport.
you can say that about people from any nationality. I along with many of my friends have watched soccer religiously for years. Ive been watching and playing soccer since i could walk. Americans that are part of this sub are not making uninformed comments all the time and they are not less informed than fans from other countries. Bullshit assumption edit: uninformed not uniformed
yeah that doesnt prove shit. edit: this sub is also called "Soccer"
JJ and cased actually came up with the story together and then brought their ideas to disney. He had a ton of control over that movies story.
edit: i was mistaken
not official
not official. They are not eliminated yet
why on earth was he not on the bench?
can someone tell me why Suarez wasnt even on the bench?
Its on netflix and has been for a while..
they have been lacking compared to their past programming but they are not lacking in general. They have veep silicon valley and GoT in a singe night. They had the leftovers which was one of the best season of any show ive ever seen. I do think FX is better overal right now but HBO isnt really lacking
you can have them call you during business hours. Just got to EA help
First off there are 300 million guns in the united states so a ban on guns would do jack shit. That can of worms has been opened and there is no closing it. Secondly did you really just compare the "american mentality" towards guns to a time before black people were seen as normal citizens in america? That is just ridiculous hyperbole. Third there is no "american mentality" towards guns when you look at how divisive this issue is. You talk about us "not getting it" like everyone in the country is pro gun.
you would probably be fine with a righty but a lefty might be a whole different ball game for you. You def should try it
i just asked a question about this. I hate using mobile versions of websites. Id rather navigate the website i already know. This just started to day with reddit and unless it gets changed i won't be using reddit from my phone edit: found desktop
thank you!
what do you use for oil?
you will suck for a while. just keep at it
the whole team looked better when he as on the pitch. So not really pointless or ineffective
"looking better" as in playing better which means they probably had a better chance of scoring. I never said he looked amazing. The team looked better with him in the squad even if he did miss those chances.
se7en 7wenty
just find the minor pentatonic for a certain key. Learn that scale and all its patterns up and down the neck. Once you learn that you can learn the major and other keys pretty easily
there will never be a Pro/rel system in the united states. They set the MLS teams up as permanent franchises. That system only works in Europe because of how many teams there are and its been around forever. It is not a good business model especially when relegation can be so devastating. Some teams never recover from being relegated
I cant see it ever happening in this country. It doesnt make sense from a business standpoint. These owners are not going to agree to it. Getting relegated can be a death sentence and no business will agree to it. Its not like england where it was set up like this from the beginning. Any decisions like this would need the OK of the owners and that sure as hell will never happen. Also when you take into account just traveling to games costs insane amounts of money. its not like most the european leagues where they can get to most the stadiums in a reasonable drive. Maybe one day but i just dont see it. The NFL has an amazing business model and just oozes money. Why would the owners of these MLS teams agree to something that could cripple them after one bad season?
Yeah that makes sense. I think the only situation that would be feasible would be if another league started to gain insane popularity. Im still not sure how that would translate or what could happen to cause Pro/ Rel to actually be agreed to. What you said does make sense and i think we will just see a bigger MLS
I personally watched most of the clips and was glad someone uploaded them. I took the time to watch them and enjoyed it.
Denver is an awesome city
you would hope so. With hodgson you never know
this game could use milner. But it could also use sterling and vardy meant the game could use sturridge and vardy... my bad
are you insane? Lallana has been englands best player
meant sturridge not sterling
for the position hes playing hes been bad. In the first 20 minutes he must have lost the ball 4 times. Not looking forward only sideways. Hesitating with easy passes and then trying difficult ones that dont work.
i really dont like rooney at that position. Touches are way too slow and hes too negative. Looked good and got a good shot when he got closer to the goal though
came off a defender
Alli has been bad. Lallana should not have been taken off
plenty of people talking about how terrible hes been
sturridge also opened the game up. he made some mistakes but he also helped change the pace of the game
I actually enjoyed the first season more but the second one is pretty perfect
nice... im actually learning that song right now. ive got it down until the solo. Gonna start working on that later today
the women announcer on ESPN is amazing. She is knowledgeable actually knows what shes talking about
thanks for the response. yeah unfortunatly the guitar shops near me only have the deluxe. Ive played both in the past but i just dont remember how loud the Princeton gets. I know it breaks up earlier than the Deluxe. Im leaning towards the deluxe. Its an amp ive always liked.
learn as many songs as possible. That in my opinion is one of the best things new players can do
Who gave the writers shit for bringing john back? I dont think ive heard that edit: i see the rest of the convo below
I do get the criticisms and the show is getting exhausting but he did state that they literally cannot change the app. They dont have money or time to do that
Just keep learning songs and incorporate licks you learn into your playing
yeah almost everything Donovan says is flat out wrong
you know who else did things for the greater good?
I did that with Peaky blinders. I accidentally watched the first few episodes of the second season first. And i found it interesting they didnt explain everything but i still mostly knew what was going on. I did realize my mistake but i found it refreshing for a little while
it was actually cool that he went over the cliff but what happened after made no sense.
mike started out as a fun loving kid and turned into an insufferable social justice warrior. He doesnt do or saying anything fun or funny and is 100 percent serious all the time. That really killed the show for me
That is one of the most annoying things about this game. Refs do that way more often than they should. It makes no goddamn sense.
he wasnt horrible. He changes the way the team plays. The doesnt mean he doesnt make some mistakes though
Refs completely ruining games need to stop. I know all the traditionalists lovet to say it adds character or some bullshit but this needs to end.
yeah he is and has always been an imbecile
maybe a foul but not even a yellow let alone a red
yeah refs deciding outcomes instead of refereeing is so awesome
you are objectively wrong. They just showed it like 5 times. barely touches him if at all. Vidal literally fell over on his own because he was expecting contact. You can't argue with someone who see what he wants to see edit: first off thats a horrible view. They showed it from every single view and from the side you can see he doesnt touch him at all until after he's already down
dude just stop you are WRONG. I'm not searching for a view since they literally showed it 15 times on television. If you are in the USA which it looks like you are they kept showing that view over and over. you heard doctor joe and he women pundit flat out say there was ZERO contact while they were showing it. Regardless even if he were to have touched him slightly its still not a red card and is a horrible call
well every time he puts a teammate in a good spot they miss. He probably feels if anyone is going to score it needs to be him
he didnt show up? He was taking players on all game. He set up a few great chances. He was drawing 4 players at a time. That pen miss was bad but up till that point he was having a good game.
yeah thats a little above his price point but it would be perfect for him. I just got a brand new one on crags list for 400.
what a disgrace. Hodgson is an idiot. What is wilshere doing on the pitch let alone of the team. No lallana? You put rashord on with 5 minutes left. This shit is mind boggling
yeah he never played for chelsea and when he did he was shit because they played him out of position
that comment would make sense if we played fucking spain. It was iceland
its clearly not obvious since i had to actually say that to you.
its one of the best shows on TV....Rick and Morty that is
thats what i was going to type before i opened this thread. Classic george
i dont see it that way. She is trying to survive which is one o the most human things i can think of. She knew if she didnt get out of there he was probably going to destroy her.
i love the sound of new strings
flash ruined their time travel with the inclusion and use of "time remnants". When they first introduce that aspect for eobard it makes sense but when zoom starts using them they ruined it. Their time travel was amazing and actually made sense and had continuity. Now it does not.
rick and morty has ZERO time travel. It is about other dimensions and the writers actually stay away from time travel on purpose.
Whats the original price on the tag? edit: Looks like 2000 is a pretty fair price. Just look on ebay under sold. One that looks identical to that one sold for 1300 but it had alot of cosmetic wear and tear. If everything is on the level it doesnt look like a bad price and you are not getting ripped off.
they are completely different guitars. I would love to have either but it depends on what you are looking for.
thats why i stop watching trailers after i know enough. Never watch a trailer like this to the end if you dont want it to be spoiled
&gt;Now what I really liked about JustinGuitar is that it didn't teach me how to play songs, I was taught how to play guitar, Learning songs is learning guitar. You know how most good guitar players learned how to play guitar? They learned as many songs as they could. Granted learning theory and all that is just as important but one with out the other makes no sense to me. If you want to learn lead listen to some solos and musicians you like. Learn some solos and incororate what you can into your playing. Learn the pentatonic scales up and down the neck and use that as a base for your solos. You arent going to learn how to solo without learning how other people solo first
its not the best deal ever but i just bought a mint hot rod deluxe for 400 bucks. Its as mint as it gets. Guy played one gig with it and never used it again. I do alot of my buying on craigslist
It shows video of anyone who is streaming... via xbox or twitch broadcasts. Your comment is semantics. Go look at the "about" page on guardiantheater. edit: if it was just xbox recorded videos i couldnt see my videos as a ps4 player.
yeah this guy has no idea what hes talking about and deleted his comments
That blade dancer thread went that way because he compared it sunbreaker.
sounds like a great way to get your super baited
yup. I dont understand why they decided to go with mary AGAIN. I just do not care the littlest bit about her or her story.
There are plenty of people who run no pressure trials runs on LFG. Me and my friends dont even look at stats most of the time when we pick up a 3rd.
That is cleary not what i meant or not what anyone is arguing against. "full group" as in a group looking for just one more person. That response is completely semantics.
Thats exaclty what i was trying to say in my original post. I had people tell me that LFG means you wait for an invite and LFM means you send them. All i was trying to say is that anyone lfg or lfm needs to be proactive and message people who fit their criteria
So you are saying someone who is looking for a group shouldnt actually look for a group? If im on LFG solo i will post "LFG" but i will also message LFM posters thats i see trying to get in. Its fine if someone wants to just sit and wait for an invite but in my experience thats not a great way to go about actually getting a good group. All i was saying is people should be proactive. edit: where exactly did i say the system that has been around for decades needs a reform or doesnt work? I said the system works best if you are proactive. I dont see how thats a bad thing.
omg its crazy right? People are still responding and arguing to my comments from hours ago. Dont be a dick.
Are you being serious? Your comment was suppose to be respectful? I didnt call anyone a name this ENTIRE time and just said " dont be a dick" in response to your last comment which was really condescending .
You cant tell someone to "let it go" when you keep responding. You are doing the exact same thing but im not telling you to "let it go". I think you are a troll though considering your lack of comment karma
It must be my browser then because there is no where to click or way to move onto the next one Edit: Got it....apparently you just enter the answer to any of the questions in the box.
oh thank you!
Can also buy the high LL new monarchy low impact sniper and that will work as a high impact sniper would at a lower light level.
I mean handcannon shotty is the meta so of course it is. Handcannon shotty or pulse shotty are the two most viable strats on any map at the moment.
They didnt "fuck with movie canon". The movie and the show are part of same canon and his arch is one of the best stories in the entire star wars canon. You should check it out sometime
This show is made for adult star wars fans but veiled as a kid show.
you are pretty solid but a couple things i noticed. I think you could utlize slide more especially when closing the gap and getting into a more consistent one shot kill range. There are a couple fights where you bait the person out but then stay inbetween handcannon range and shotgun range for the engagement. You do win some of them but a slide in would help alot of them. You also are playing titan like a warlock. You dont need to skate everywhere but i would consider giving it a try. It can really help you close the gap on enemy players
I dont think it is the meta. Most people i come up against in this game are using a shotgun and either a pules rifle or handcannon. The meta is the accepted strategy by most players. In trials the last two weekends ive seen a bunch of no lands but no where near to as many clever dragons or palindromes. I also think the NLB is too niche and takes too much skill for it to be considered the meta. edit: The meta isnt the best weapon in the game. It also needs to be viable for a large number of people. The NLB can take down a clever dragon because it has no flinch. That doesnt make it the meta as well
Rules or not those weapons just arent effective enough at the top level.
I mean that those weapons arent effective in the first place. The rules dont effect them because no one has or will use them anyways edit: i saw your other response i dont know what he meant by that
First off these rules have been the baseline for comp play going on two years. The esl is just adopting the already established competitive rules. All of the exotic weapon bans are there for a reason...whether it be they disrupt the flow of the game or add more randomness to an already random game. All exotic armor is banned because its just easier than picking what can and cant be used. No exotics just makes it more simple. Striker titans also aren "meh" without exotics. They are one of the best classes and a staple on every comp team. &gt;In my opinion I think these limitations kind of take the fun out of what makes Destiny, Destiny. I get that they are trying to artificially control the flow of special through these limitations and I also get that all of the banned exotic weapons are banned because of their status with respect to special ammo. Maybe the icebreaker and invective but hawkmoon is banned because of LITC and QBB is banned because of bullet magnetism and its insane amount of aim assist.
The reason max armor is banned is because you cannot kill a 1 crit 2 body shot a titan with full armor meaning they have an inherent advantage in every gunfight.
Some of the bans are arbitrary but overall they dont ban what "makes destiny destiny". The rules make the game based around gunplay AND abilities. Without the bans the game would be solely based on abilities and would be ridiculously unbalanced and not fun to play at that level. Only a few rules are truly arbitrary and most have a legit reason for being in place
They did for the last big 4s tourney. DM @farcognitions on twitter. He was looking for casters last time around
These rules were established by the actual destiny competitive community and have been used for tournaments and high level play for the better part of two years.
Good teams know where players are and will spawn. They will pinch the other players and certain maps you can't get far enough away.
none of the things they ban "fuck up the actual game" . The bans are all in place because of how they effect the way the game is played. It doesn't matter how long they took to talk about it... it was OP. How do you know they didn't analyze and deliberate as a group to decide if it should go or not? edit: your newest comment showed up in new again for some reason so thats why i responded twice to the same comment. I would've just let it lie
Yup there was no counter aside from the other team also doing the same thing. It gave roaming supers overshields, let the team chain supers not stop the entire round, if you took the bubble down it make more orbs and if you tried to hide they had over shields and could track you down. I got into a discussion with him about this in another part of the thread. Banning of gift of the void was completely reasonable and needed to happen
This is not a "trial". There have been MLG tourneys every weekend for months and the destiny community has held their own tourneys for roughly two years.
Im not entirely sure to be honest. I dont think anyone would use defender at that level without gift of the void though. That is the entire point of that subclass.
This isnt trials. These players can adjust to anything and wouldnt have a problem if everyone used exotics. Its that exotics at this point make the game less comp and balanced. Quickdraw gauntlets, extra grenades, extra armor are all things that make it less balanced. Of course there are certain things they dont want to play against and im sure some of the motives are selfish but most of them are come to by consensus. LITC is just more randomness ontop of a random game but they could of course counter it. A cancerous strat for example would be 4 storm callers all running QD guantlets. These players are all the litteraly best players in the game. Its not like they wouldnt be able to adjust and compete if there werent rules. The rules just make it fun to play and remove alot of the bullshit that comes with a game not designed for comp play. People love destiny and thats why they play it but it needs to be "fixed" in this context because it wasnt designed for it. This game has some of the best gunplay of any game out there. Saying "whats next are they going to remove everything else like supers, grenades, melees" is unneeded hyperbole
&gt;Yup there was no counter aside from the other team also doing the same thing. Citation needed. You know, if you kill the Defender, the bubble disapears. And Matador + Melee kills through Blessing of Light, regardless of whether or not you run Illuminated. So really all you'd need to do is to bum rush the Defender with your entire team and obliterate him. But it doesn't matter anyways. The comp meta will stay the same and everyone will complain about how stale the meta is. First off what exactly do you expect as "Citation". Ive listed numerous objective facts that in this context show what im talking about. It gives you 3 orbs and and overshield. You cannot destroy the bubble without creating orbs. Have you ever watched competitive destiny? The "counter" you just stated is absolute nonsense. First off the team rushing would get shit on because they could be one shot while the other team would have an overshield. These players pounce on any weakness or advantage and an overshield is as big as that gets. edit: They also wouldnt be able to "bum rush" the bubble. They wouldnt get close since the other player would get their supers as soon as the bubble was popped. That on top of overshields makes that counter nonsense. That strat made the game about chaining supers and not gunplay which is what the top level is about.
&gt;And yet no one bothered to win with it until now? Competition doesn't know "honor, it knows only winning and losing. So either the competitive scene was taking the "honorable" route by not using it for 2 years and instead used "honorable" blink shotgun and touch of flame viking funerals fire bolts, or they thought it was trash until someone proved them wrong. SO Defender jumped from trash to OP over the course of a couple of games. I honestly thinks it's arrogance on the part of the teams that got beat. They thought they were better and then lost. Instead of taking it in stride, they instead thought "if these no names can beat such amazing players such as ourselves, then clearly the strategy they employed is the reason not their own skill!" So they banned it and slid back to their safe space where they're the best again. You honestly have no idea what you are talking about. The team that WON that tourney using the bubble strat all agreed it should be banned afterwards. No one is pissed because they lost to it. They are pissed because of the way it required everyone to play and the way it effected supers. That strat also wasnt a problem before because 3s skirmish was the only comp game mode and its much much more OP in 4s...which is what that tourney was. Once private matches came out people were allowed to experiment more as well. Its a mixture of things but it doesnt matter that no one was using it for two years.
Dude this isnt a goddamn research paper. You ask for evidence like what ive said doesnt make complete sense. Do you want me to take a picture with my friend who won the tournament and have him hold a picture of my reddit tag? Jesus man you are like arguing with a rock and you dont say much of anything.
"pop" is a very well know term in destiny to describe using ones super. My choice of words was fine. As to the rest you are exhausting and i frankly dont care anymore.
there is no counter aside from doing the same thing. If somone destroys the bubble it gives the other team more orbs. If they dont destroy it the other team has roaming supers with oversheilds. I think banning it was the right move.
what counters does it have aside from the other team running a bubble?
yeah rolls have nothin to do with who wins. The top level of destiny comp is all about skill...hence why the same two teams win every single tournament
I asked that because Ive been commenting on this Thread all day and there are a ton of people with strong opinions who have never watched or taken part in comp destiny. It's frustrating. As to the rest I've made my point. I don't think it matters how long they wait. It wasn't like it was just a few games. They scrimmed for over a week before the tourney and teams realized the only way to beat the bubble was to use one. The team that won the tourney didn't even start of Using it but realized they had to use it to be competitive. Again the guy I was responding to is the most pretentious person I've met on these forums and also sited " counters" that were nonsense and would never work. I understand the argument of making these decisions over time but if its OP it's OP
its not just one person that wants it banned. It was talked about by the entire sweaty community. Im pretty sure its banned in the next farcog tourney whenever that is...which are the most hyped offical tourneys we have at the moment.
I would be very surprised if its not banned. All the big influencers dont want that strat and for good reason. It ruined that 4s tourney and even the team that won using it thought it was absurd.
Im also sick of the absurd matchmaking times. Ive waited in orbit for 10 minutes before but its usually 3-6 minutes and i never get put into a full game. It makes me not want to play anymore
you actually get more blues from the 320 strikes and the RNG is the same from the chests.
we dont know how much they actually changed anything. Alot of people havent noticed any difference what so ever.
i saw this happen durring spooky trials. Both players left alive couldnt see each other. Id imagine its because of lag
The game is stale as all hell right now. I love PVP and continue to play but it has so many problems. ALot of the problems werent as bad before because the crucible was actually fun. I personally would love to see a primary weapon buff and make weapons actually register. Everyone calls shotguns OP yet they dont register their shots half the time.
You said they were bad. You are arguing they are BAD. I will agree they have been better in the past and i wouldnt mind seeing a buff. Them being half effective doesnt equal them being bad though. That is what we are talking about. I used one during most of RoI PVE and it was super effective.
Seriously he is always calling people out and does this shit Edit: he deleted all his "repost" posts calling out other people who repost.
You couldve made the same post and argument without lowkey flexing your own stats and lumping yourself in with some of the best players of this game. You talk about how stats arent a standalone metric to determine skill but then base whether someone is skilled enough or not to double carry based solely on their KD.
Rangefinder is arguably the most important perk aside from rifled barrel and alot of players dont have it on their preferred hand cannon because they cannot get one with the right rolls. Look how many good players use a vendor palindrome and thats because its has rifled and rangefinder.
Anecdotally i disagree. I very much prefer the vendor palindrome to the one i have with hidden hand. As for the luna i still dont have one with rifled ( 15 without so far) so i cant really talk about that gun. Not that streamers words are all powerful or anything but triplewreck got a "godroll" hidden hand, rifled, icarus palindrome and preferes the one with rangefinder because he believe the hit registration is more consistent. As for the question asked in this thread i think alot of top players would like range finder but random rolls means they use what they get to an extent
I thought it was some stupid kid spy movie with a feel almost akin to the percy jackson movies. I then started seeing reveiws about how bad ass it is and referencing that one particular scene .
I dont think its that people think the Han Solo movie will be bad but rather the fact they are focusing on another character or story we have seen time and time again. The star wars universe is huge and it would be nice if they took a risk and did a movie on someone we havent seen alot of or at all
checkurflank is the one who streamed on the winning team. Might be able to find it past broadcasts.
scuffs do not have a 6-8 week build time anymore. I ordered a custom scuff around christmas with standard shipping and it arrived in a week. It was shipped in 2 days. I also know plenty of people who have never had issues with scuffs. Not saying others dont but the scuff hate is overblown in my opinion especially when people are talking about these build and wait times that just dont exist anymore
This is my pet peave in this game. There are times when the opposing team is clearly trying to steal our special and i see two teamates run past the special box and try to engage the enemy without picking it up. They both die and the other team gets our special or something along those lines. Special and prioritizing it is so important right now even if you dont want to use it. I always try and steal it because i know how terrible it can be to not get it
it cant play at ranges farther than 8 or 9 meters
Or maybe it will end up being like peaky blinders? Another show by the creator of taboo. This show is meant to be taken seriously and the tone is fantastic for the subject matter. Also tom hardy has no range? Hes successfully played many different kinds of characters
not sure why that got downvoted. Its arguably the mode that requires the most teamwork and skill to win
its an objective based game mode. The way to win is by controlling the zones. It doesnt matter how many ways there are to win or that there are no points for kill. Considering the scoring for destiny is horrible this is really the only game mode where it actually makes sense
smallbore is just a horrible range perk. You can use it and see how it feels but range = accuracy and better hit detection at this point. The vendor one is much better. Range over all else. If it had hammer forged i would say its worth considering using but not with smallbore
Its because of how strong SBMM is. When i was trying to que broman for the bungie bounty i got put into a game with only 10 players. There are 200000 people playing "dead" trials on a given weekend. There are definitely enough people playing to fill a 12 person game.
Just want to share that i finally got a rifled Luna! My 16th luna to drop and first one with rifled. Not the best roll but it has reactive reload and now i can actually judge how i feel about the gun.
i dont think you can compare expansions for other games to destiny two. This game has had expansions even if they are small. Destiny two is an entirely new game so i cant see too much if anything transferring over
Rifled barrel over all else at the moment. So Finnala is better. Rifled is litteraly the only thing that matters on handcannons at the moment.
i think its overall better but i liked the main actors for season one better.
This is the worst IB i can remember. Every match is absurdly laggy. One match on cauldron none of the doors opened and another match we had 9 people on our team.
Yeah he's a legitimate tier one player. I'm sure he ruins a lot of trials hopes and dreams Edit: words
Good work I was meaning to look the game up. All be people on the bottom were also on my team
He can get tilted and frustrated sometimes but hes usually not like that. Hes a really cool dude and helps out a ton of people. People see his clan tag and go off. Its hard to play pubs with him because ever single game the other team is playing like its an MLG final. edit: words
That actually sounds really fun and interesting. Maybe more armor as well
it stayed like that for the entire match. Naturally we mercied the other team. Someone posted the guardian.gg stats and it whos the people not in my fireteam as at the bottom as deserters or something similar
that sounds fun actually
haha i got it on my first package! The next one i got the devil ghost. Didnt get another of either even after spending 20 bucks on silver
I think its more that hes just disillusioned with this game and the state of it. Being "forced" to play it to grow your channel cannot be fun especially with the state of the crucible at the moment. He tries to keep it as positive as possible though
I will conciede to some of what you said. He gets mad when people come in and say GG mainly because its usually only after people beat him and were bagging and emoting. You saying "gg but you camped with skorris" was never going to get a good response. Im a mod in his chat and try to keep it as positive as possible but he does not tell his viewers going into other streamers chat and talking trash and bans viewers who do that. Literally never EVER have i seen him send anyone into another stream or even condone it. When he plays streamers he tells his chat to not to say anything including GG let alone talk trash edit: Would love if someone who downvoted me would actually comment and tell me whats incorrect or what they dont agree with. It seems bashing a streamer on this sub ( passive aggressively or not) is always a great way to get some upvotes. Edit: people who have litteraly never seen him stream have some strong feelings about this. I said he can get salty and upset at times but the assertion that he sends people into other streams and has his chat talk shit is a bold faced lie and mainly what this comment is about. You also dont get banned for just saying GG. There has to be something else involved such as talking shit or tea bagging. The comment this is a reply to is calling a streamer childish and saying that he needs to "grow Up" is getting upvoted... when OP admitted he went into his chat after losing and said "gg but you camped with skorris" i honestly dont get it
i dont think you do. Something being exotic doesnt make it rare. It just makes it unique. The hopscotch maybe but the red death and mida were both mainstays in various metas
This meta is so stale. The fact they havent changed it in 6 months is the main reason people are so upset with it. When you add all the connection problems and the shrinking playerbase it compounds into a very boring and stale crucible experience. I would take litteraly any other meta we have had in the game over this one. The crucible is so slow right now and you can run away from gunfights and hide if you start losing. Shotguns are at their weakest they have ever been and some people consider them OP because of how far they have nerfed everything else
Im fairly certain they said trials will not be in destiny two. Not sure where i heard that though
range is accuracy at this point. Range is the only thing that really matters in this meta
&gt;No I haven't. Why watch a Twitch stream when I can go play the game myself? Because i find it entertaining. Twitch is a huge thing right now for a reason. Im not entirely sure why you felt the need to comment on this at all. You havent seen his stream and seem to care alot about what he does or doesnt as said by someone who was clearly upset that they got beaten and then banned for saying something stupid in chat. &gt;The guy you're defending seems to be happy when things go his way, but dummy spit when they don't. Word of advice, when truly great players get beaten or things don't go their way, they step up and are graceful in defeat. again you dont know this person and have no idea how he acts or what he does. Also people who just play a game and say gg without bagging, talking shit wont be banned. They have to do something. Like the comment we replied to he was banned more so for the skorris comment. You seem to have strong feelings and feel the need to comment on something and someone you litteraly have never seen before.
haha i love my ghost!
yeah you are probably right but i mean hes won tournaments and is most certainly a tier one sweaty player. He is one of the better trials players as well. That wasnt really what this discussion was about though. People are making claims and comments that are just not true. I dont care if people like him but spreading rumors and making shit up isnt cool. edit: sentence
its more than that though. You have time to miserably lose a gun fight but then still disengage and get away. There is a difference between pop shotting with a handcannon and getting into a gunfight, committing to said gunfight, seeing your health is starting to get low while you are engaging and still having time to run away and hide
You want this game to become even more frustrating? Shotguns are so inconsistent as it is. Also bungie claiming they want the TTK in a certain place doesnt mean its a good thing. Shotguns are in the weakest place they have ever been in the history of this game
He has a 2625 elo and over a 2.7 kd. He doesnt farm stats either.. how is that greatly exaggerated. edit: Overall stats mean nothing for sweat players because year one and two there were no private matches. If you are playing comp all the time you wont be dropping 2.0 and up every game
Hunters have vertical movement which is actually much more useful in this game. Its a trade off like everything else. Not even mentioning shadestep or bones
thanks
Ben Wyatt. He represents the viewer and grounds the show. He is what took the show from good to great in my opinion.
shotguns are at their weakest point in the history of the game. They are already insanely inconsistent and i dont think they need a nerf. They will always be prominent in a game with movement like this. The main way to fix this is to increase the strength of primaries edit: i dont think that archetype is the problem. Its the nature of this game and the fact that primaries as a whole are not strong enough
I have been watching the NFL since i was a kid. The last two years i have no ZERO interest in the NFL. I have been a die hard fan but i can do it anymore. I cant stand how long it takes to sit down and watch a game. I also have been watching the EPL for the last 15 years as . I love waking up on a saturday and watching 3 games in about 6 hours. If i want to watch football im watching 3 games over the course of an entire day and who knows how much of that time is filled with commercials. I just cant stand it anymore
This is the exact reason i stopped playing strikes. I was grinding for an imago loop and didnt get a gun 4 out of 5 runs. Its so frustrating and makes me not want to play
It looks like you missed alot of pellets since you were actually aiming around the opponents knees. You need to be fully ADSed for them to be remotely consistent
the removal of shotpackage seems to have made them much more inconsistent.
Damn i live in albany... too bad i have no school or experience in this field.
I dont find rifled barrel to be nearly as important in PVE as it is in PVP.
icarus and rangefinder is in my experience what most people consider the godroll. Range is accuracy and a huge factor in hit registration at this point. Hidden hand is nice but i would rather have rangefinder
your primary shot could use some work. Pace your shots if you cant hit them at full speed. At 1 46 you had enough time to line up the first shot and make sure it was a crit and then you would only need two body shots. you lost a fight after that because you didnt reload. You also engaged at 8 34 with only 4 bullets in your mag but you had time to reload before you engaged. Just little things like that. You shotgun movement is pretty solid though. Just some thoughts
Yeah you do seem to panic a bit..i used to do the same thing. I go into pve and practice with my handcannon in a non stressful environment. Just try and hit as many crits as you can and pace your shots. It helped me alot in pvp
Or not done that at all. Quinn is a great character and making him disabled is really killing it for me.
i just started playing and thats all i really want. Im so bad at killing people because i have no way to just practice hitting people with shots. I want to understand hit detection and recoil but only fireing at a target will do that. In game im too focused on surviving of the encounters happen so fast i cant learn anything
straight line speed isnt everything in the this game. It almost makes sense the highest armor class can go STRAIGHT a a high speed. They dont have vertical movement like hunters or warlocks which have much more utility in a game like this. I dont always agree with sliq but i too would be very upset if they removed titan skating.
reinforeced isnt bad but it isnt good. I would rather use a poorly rolled luna with rifled than a god roll with reinforced
so because someone cannot effectively carry two worse players that means trials is broken? Doing carries is great but the ability for people to complete them is irrelevant in a comp PVP mode Edit: i guess this needed clarification. Trials has issues but the fact people are struggling with double carries isnt one of them
&gt;i know so many good players that go flawless preferably with all 3 characters for the week and backout, they don't queu in trials anymore and let other follow guardians have a chance at the lighthouse unless they have a friend that needs help. one would say this is how the destiny community is and would do the same, obviously this is wrong and these kind of people are very rare. If they enjoy trials they shoud play as much as they can. No one should feel obligated not to play as to make the game easier for other people. I know alot of people who a flawless on each character and then stop playing but their reasoning isnt to let other people go flawless. Trials and the game in general is just stale right now.
It doesnt take more skill to do a double carry when someone is on a account recovery. That is one of the biggest flaws in the system. Alot of the people in the top 100 of ELO most certainly farm their ELO. They were already good players but they arent the best players in the game.
I had ZERO online friends when i started playing destiny. I used LFG and met people in twitch chats and now have a core group of great friends i play with and friends list filled with people i can play with ( maybe not so much in this drought). Gotta put yourself out there.
You had me at David Simon
Show me a hero wasnt my thing but that doesnt mean it wasnt good. He doesnt need to "turn it around"
yeah i just started getting into them. I havent been exited about a band that plays "rock" in a long time. Their songs are really well written and and refreshing
What are you better with? It doesnt matter what the "highest KD" is for other people who use the subclasses only how you perform with them
thats what sold me on them. I havent been able to see them yet but i watched little one live and his voice sounds just as good live..... and they put on a great show. ive been watching and listening to anything i can find
sometimes i spawn in and realize i dont feel like playing and leave. I have a love hate relationship with this game
I watched the first few episodes of "famous in love" on freeform
Frank wasnt the only one who was talking to Romero though. If the fixer couldve convinced him to shut down the comity franks "plan" goes to shit. How could he know he wouldnt take Whip anymore and shit like that. This whole season depresses me looking back at it
&gt;Because that is the least of his crimes. By making that the story, and making it into a big deal with the speech and surprise resignation, he can sweep the rest of it under the carpet with out it being suspicious. See how he black mails Romero after his resignation to make sure the whole committee gets dropped. It also provided a distraction as Doug was taking the fall for a murder... talking of which. How is that the least of his crimes? The murder of Zoey Barns is the only provable thing really and it doesnt get worse than murder. Werent frank and doug leaking things to tom before they were told about the cell phone? Didnt he give him that flash drive earlier in the season? He was planning this "plan" since elysium how could he know he would need to leak anything since the phone wasnt in the picture yet? I could be wrong about that but the entire plot is absurd to me even if certain parts of it can be explained away. The politcal intrigue and the powerful relationship between the Underwoods is what made this show great for me... not whatever this is
If for some reason everything came out on its own and they were in danger of being exposed sure thats a clever way to get out of it but the only reason they were even in danger of that is because frank exposed himself on purpose... because he realized he didnt want to be president. He doesnt explain how he will be more powerful behind the scenes than if he were just president and all the sudden doesnt want what he worked so hard for? I dunno its an interesting plot for another show but not house of cards
most people use Guardian.gg when talking about PVP stats. I dont know what they are different or what makes them different but guardian.gg is also what is used for trialsreport which tons of people use
"Ive got a mind to give up living" by peter greens fleetwood mac. That song is full of amazing licks... some that are key licks i use all the time and are mainstays in my playing. After i learned that song i started to find my own style. I also think that solo is one of the best of all time.
yup the whole story reads like it was made up but someone who loves their bike that much wouldnt notice a goddamn tracker on their gastank especially after a week.
The main reason trials is so toxic is because its not ranked and not actually competitive. Good players think its a joke and spend their weekends carrying people or just not playing. People who are above average and are decent at trials can then teabag and talk shit as much as they want since they are mostly pub stomping people due to the fact trials is not very competitive. Now we dont know exactly what they are doing but an actual supported ranked comp mode would get rid of alot of that.
You realize the average time to kill is slower now than it has never been right? This game is inherently ability based and they are used so often because they are more effective than guns. This game is nothing like CoD in terms of TTK.
Trials isnt competitive and people have to use outside ranking systems to see how good someone is. Its a poorly designed mode and doesnt actually test players and is really competitive since there are no rankings. Having a "Comp" mode that isnt actually competitive causes alot toxicity that comes with trials
Im not sure what you mean. All of these things are being done to make the game easier to balance. It seems like most all of these changes to the crucible are made with competitive play in mind.
entourage is the anti silicon valley. They couldn't fail no matter how hard they tried and even if they did it opened a new door that made their lives better and them even more rich and successful.
"go for chambers, Did that pussy jared keep you on hold long"
Where can i stream this show?
You wouldnt have to play competitive if you didnt want to. Having it there doesnt hurt you in the slightest and it actually harms your experience since those who do take PVP seriously are matched up with people who dont.
Ive read through this thread and you have brought up countless issues in the crucible that mostly would be fixed with a legitimate ranked playlist. This game has a huge PVP player base as seen by the 200k plus people who play trials every weekend even though the game is "dead". You cant say you want these problems fixed but they are better off working on other things.
why would anyone play the skill based playlists if they had the choice when most of the community loaths SBMM... especially the better players. You even stated eariler in a comment that SBMM made it hard for your to improve
Even though the quality drops i still love season 3 of homeland. Season 4 is also pretty good thought not as good as the first two. I would stop after that if i were you.
I wont be using in game matchmaking for harder content. LFG will still be a thing and people who want to find good groups will most likely use it. I dont think they want people just "trying out" their first raid on heroic mode and ruining someone elses experience.
Yeah i actually considered just buying the episodes on amazon so i dont have to deal with this bullshit.
Interesting i will have to try that. I dont use the FX app just the website which most certainly does not save your spot even though you must be signed in
" I dont know what you are talking about" is not a great way to start a comment if you are trying to helpful. Some add blockers would be helpful but that doesnt change the fact the service is terrible.
I mean its not really about just doing things the "easy way". They have shown they cant balance destiny across all playlist with the game in its current state. They change one thing for 3v3 and it gets broken or negatively effects 6v6 or vice versa. Having each mode be 4v4 makes it so any balance will actually create balance instead of creating another problem. My comment about complaints was more to your comments about the playlist being causal and to let the people just play 6v6 ( paraphrasing) . My point was those people will be just as vocal about the issues in the crucible even if its just "Casual" and bungie havent shown they cant balance all these different modes. I understand the arguments against having to kick friends and what not but i would rather the game function IN GAME the best way possible. They decided on the amount of players for each activity for a reason and making them different for the reason stated in the OP would only hurt the game. Everyone ive heard from who has played the game so far says PVP is fantastic so we will see but if peoples only gripe is that they have to kick a friend or pick up someone extra for pvp ill be happy
I cracked a rib snowboarding when i was in 9th grade. I have no history of pretending to be injured or faking my way out of things but for some reason my friends thought i was faking. They wouldnt take my injury seriously even though i couldnt lift my arms over my head for two months.
Ive heard from players who are some of destiny top players that the game they played so far(d2) has a much higher skill ceiling than where destiny 1 currently is.
they will not. The sweaty community is absolutley dead at the moment and they are all exited about a new game. None of the actual good sweats want to continue playing this game.
Are you going to back that up with anything or what? You are claiming to know the "dev vision" and yet havent shown me a single thing backing up your claim they want the game to have a low skill gap or that destiny two will have a low skill ceiling. From what we have seen so far from destiny two the opposite seems to be true.Pretty much every change has increased the skill gap and ceiling from where the game is at this point in time.
How does that back up what you are arguing? I admitted the game is slower and slower doesnt equal less skill. The fact they moved away from everyone having a one shot kill shotgun all the time increases the skill gap since people need to have actually gunskill to kill people instead of surprising someone with a shotgun .The game is more predictable and less chaotic which means you will probably need to think about your movement and actions more than just rushing in with a shotgun.
how do you decide which one to keep up? Is it first come first serve or do you just close your eyes and pick one.
I mean warbulletproof went unbroken in a sweaty match against other top players. Matches happen where everything goes your way/ you get some luck on your side even against good players.
i mean alot of players play both and take both seriously. I hate the its us vs them attitude
ranked playlists do not "cater to the top 1 percent). Ranked playlists bring balance to the entire crucible from the most casual playlist all the way to the top players. Having people take the game seriously but no way to actually play serious games is the problem and hurts the experience of everyone who plays the game modes
I think the problem is half measures. Take alot of the toxicity in trials and its mostly due to the fact its touted by bungie as PVP endgame without actually being competitive. People have spent years getting better at this game only to have trials be the pinnacle of the in game pvp. This means legitimately good players dont take it seriously since there are no ranking and its not actually competitive. The people who are above average and do take it seriously are able to mostly pub stomp and then teabag / talk shit at will. There is no actually ranking system aside from outside sources that can be easily manipulated which again is another problem that adds to the toxicity. I think having a legit ranked playlist would get rid of a ton of these issues. Sure there are always going to be assholes and people who try to ruin things but there is already a huge subset of people who really enjoy crucible and spent years getting good at the game. If bungie doesnt do something for them that is legitimately competitive i think it will just foster the same toxicity and environment that we have in the current iteration trials.
John Boyega and Daisy Ridley only made between 100k-300k for episode 7 and thats one of the most successful franchises of all time and was guaranteed to do well. Unknown or unproven actors do often make less regardless of the franchise edit: Cavill also isnt a great example since hes already had big rolls in big shows and movies even if hes not a household name. As you keep getting work like your price goes up and up. Someone staring in their first movie does not usually make money like that... 14mil does seem ridiculously high though
i have ghost pokemon but arent sure what they are yet. I would love to get an add from you
do you mind if i add you?
really want an abra definitely going to add you!
added. Thanks!
really looking for a charmeleon. Ok to add you?
really want a kirlia... added! thanks
really want that fraxure. Let me know if you are willing to add me. Thanks
added
im online at the moment... already added you if you want me to check
thanks!
added!
hey man thank you so much.... just got myself a shiny charmeleon from your safari!!!
really need a riolu... let me know if you are willing to add me back. Thanks
Thanks!
added!
added!
added
It means its a rated R trailer
added!
added! ill tell you what you have
ill be online if you get a chance can you check my third?
thanks!
added!
added!
He was both. It was implied he USED to be a prosecutor then because a hitman of somekind after his family was killed
Eh i dont think thats the case.. personally. His expression after killing them seemed to me like he would have rather not had to kill them. I thought he was genuinely trying to deescalate. Thats how i interpreted that scene but could be wrong
Yeah i think you are missing something. He is a hit man for the columbian cartel. We dont know how this happened or how long ago his family died but i think that much is clear. He wasnt trained by the CIA he just just linking up with them because they have aligned interests at this point ( take down of the mexican cartel). That is why the character is so appalled when she finds out what is going on. The basic plot is that the cia is working with the columbia cartel to take down the mexican cartel. If there is one main cartel controlling everything they believe they might be easier to control
Thanks! i just got really back into the game again and this was one thing i wasnt clear on
added!
added!
added
thanks im adding you now
what are you talking about... honestly. What evidence did he ignore. The coal company sent a pre emptive cease and desist letter that has zero legal merit or backing. Can you name me some things false or misleading he said in that segment?
I just finished this season and it was spectacular. I really cant believe how emotional and well crafted the story was. I think its up there with anything on TV at the moment
So you havent watched the segment but are commenting on the merits of a lawsuit based on that segment? They stated numerous times with citation that there was no earthquake. There is no proof there was an earthquake and all the investigations into that collapse said it was due to poor safety regulations. I really dont understand people who think like you. It hurts my brain. edit. This sub is downvote heavy because you claim he spreads misinformation but havent cited any examples
added!
I like his character but it took me a while to get over his character from shameless. Jody is the first thing i think of whenever i see him. I love black sails though and i would argue that flint is even more bad ass than him
are you saying none were unde 1000 encounters or none were more than 1000 encounters?
ayyy muchachos
Maybe im dumb but when i scroll through the pokemon to request i only see options for ones in pokemon x. Do i manually type torchic? Thanks for the help
thanks there is a way to manually type it in IGN: Ben Pokemon deposited: Lvl 1 larvitar male Message: hello Requested a torchic Lvl 1-10 Would like a female if you have them edit: let me know when you are around people keep trading me mons i dont want. I have alt of larvitars though.
ok ill drop one in right now.. the one i put in 10 minutes ago was traded
It might be sorry about that i thought it was ben... but thanks i appreciate it . That larvitar probably has 3 or 4 perfect IVs too
mind if i add you? Could use that siglyf
maybe im doing something wrong we are using the GTS correct and can be done from my X game?
Sorry about that... im still new to alot of this. I appreciate all the people that do giveaways though! edit: i still dont know what can only be gotten in sun and moon
what are RAs if you dont mind me asking?
Thanks!
Got a bunch of 4 or 5IV HA froakies. Dont know what console your Beldum are on but you can have one if you cant trade to X.
Nice... question are you going for a comp shiny with 5iv or 6iv? If so where did you get a good foreign froakie to do that with
will do thank you!
Ign: benjamin Deposited: lvl 8 abra female Requested power of alchemy male if possible message: please trade pokemon with me thanks in advance thanks!
thank you! Appreciated everyone who does giveaways
sounds good
you trolled me hard. Was already thinking of my response before reading the second line.
You happen to have any of those left? I ended up downloading moon. Let me know!
I think season two was better overall but the character of season one make that season much more enjoyable for me
i thought this season was alot better than last season and i thought it was hilarious. As well. Id like to see them win some more but i loved this season
You mean Ed Chambers right?
Shiny octillery neutral nature, shiny fraxure with a pretty nature or shiny sliggoo interest you? OT: Benjamin ID for all 3: 07873 Trainer ID:07873 caught them myself
Female with Sassy nature with perfect defense and speed Iv. Im the OT
Im not really saying silicon valley furthered the plot at all. Pretty much all the last second mcguffins in silicon valley take them a step back but in entourage vince always ends up in a better position than he was before. I never felt like his career was in any jeopardy even after Medellin edit: actually just looked up the plot again and there were two seasons spent making medellin but that doesnt really count as a failure until the movie bombs. It bombs in the season finale and then get a Scorcese movie by the next season finale. He always fell upwards into gold
I can breed you one. It wouldnt be until a bit later unfortunately though since im at work. Let me know
It shouldnt take me too long i have two 5ivs im trying to breed at the moment to get your spread.
lvl 1 is fine. And yes its not bad haha. As long as i get my work done i can do what i want pretty much
is that sufficient? Any other changes needed let me know
is that better?
yup thats my mistake but now i know. Thanks
Hey sorry its taking longer than expected. The vulpix has a 25 percent chance of being male and i keep getting female with 5iv and when i do get a male it has 4. Im gonna get him though if you dont mind waiting
servers are still down for me.
No problem it actually makes my day go by pretty fast. I did finally get the little guy but apparently my region is still undergoing server maintenance. As soon as thats done we can trade
I agree. Honor code on the internet doesnt work well and people will most likely get more than one. Up to OP though and i do appreciate the giveaway
Just ask the mods they might make an exception since its a bot that does the removing
Id love one sir
should be good but let me know if there are any issues
Oh sorry! ill def accept it
the just went back up for me but ill be around later. I do appreciate it
MY server maintenance is finally done. Sent me a reply when you are around again and ill put my pokemon up. Dont want to get sniped. Thanks!
still looking for that froakie or did you make a deal?
do you know the IV spread of the riolu and if its a male or female?
thanks for checking... i actually just hatched what i was looking for. Thanks anyways!
added!
added if you dont mind!
that was why i asked. You mind elaborating?
sounds good ill hop on.
sorry i had a bunch of requests at the same time
hey man i really appreciate it. You didnt have to do that. Ill see what i got in X that i can send you if your interested
yeah for sure
thanks
Thank you!
Yes
Ive been looking into the SVE exchange. IVe read all the info on the sub a few times but its still confusing. To find out your TSV someone in one of those daily threads might help you look it up correct?
Thank you that was exactly the info I needed. Appreciate the help
I'm at work at the moment but I'd appreciate that if you are around later at some point
So there are seperate codes per save correct? So will have two seperate TSV for my moon and X games?
I was just breeding riolus so i have some with 3/4 iv and the hidden ability
i mean i know i have some from the friend safari that are female with the HA
i can transfer some stuff over to moon via the bank. Ill let you know when im around. Still at work. I really appreciate it
washington DC
Are you around?
LOL yeah thats probably as close as im going to get but ill keep guessing!
Thanks you so much!
So new to the sub. A user kindly checked my TSV on my X and moon game. Now the next step would be to make a post for each or one of the TSVs and to see if anyone needs my help hatching eggs correct?
Thanks! I wouldnt mind a female but i dont wanna take two if other people want them.
awesome..sounds good to me. IGN: benjamin Lvl 1 vulpix female
Cool thanks
I was asleep let me know when you are around.
I need to transfer it over to moon via pokebank give me a few minutes
Thanks man thats awesome. I have some 5iv torchics with HA and will probably have some good riolu after im done breeding that you could have if interested
sounds good. I forgot to the move the pokemon from my party so i have to go back to x and then the bank and then moon so it will be like 5 min
in the festival plaza
You they are doing alot right when i get hungry while watching a serial killer prepare a meal out of human meat
so are you just looking for people to redeem the codes for you? edit: can HK/TW only be redeemed on consoles from that region?
Hey cant help with your trade but what is a "trophy". Ive seen that thrown around before. Thanks! This sub should have a glossary
haha thanks for the response. Helpful as always! I was actually looking for a glossary when i first found this sub but must have missed it
id be interested in that gastly. I currently have mostly breedjecks but if any interest you id gladly trade them. Ha torchics, perfect 5IV non HA riolu, HA riolu, 4 or 5 IV froakie, 4 or 5 iv pupitars.
thanks. That riolu has 4 perfect IV missing spec att and spec defense. Will have justified when evolved
Thank you!
ive got some hidden ability riolu with 4 or 5iv.
no problem. She is only missing special defense i think. Ive been breeding for two days trying to get a 5iv HA female. Grind continues. Thank you too!
