It's 4 am I don't need these feels
Tomorrows headlines "PM of Canada calls referendum, wants to return to simple life of moose hunting"
Fair enough
I just got my wisdom teeth out, talk about a tooth ache
Habs shoulda signed Shaw for a day
When I'm playing in beer leagues I've used a halfie since I turned 18, playing college I obviously half to use a cage
Breakaway off the draw, deke left go right. Empty net and the puck rolled off my stick ;_; #neverforget
i got all 4 out on tuesday, my face is still 3x what it should be
From keys and skins ive spent well over $1000, hell ive done $1000 in bets alone
I average about 20 :( fuck TWC
The Best of shit isnt really good imo.
Well jobs is dead so that certainly doesn't help him out in terms of earning more money.
Holy ducking shit do you just sit there rubbing your thumb on that spot?
I've had a rival 300 for a bit now and it's not too bad in terms of wear. Only thing I don't like is how it feels when I sweat
Also is complete trash, keeps his trapper down by his leg and can't butterfly to save his life
i havent found anything yet that doesnt get that sweaty feel other than the shitty mouse that came with my prebuilt a few years ago. since i was too cheap to buy a nice mouse until recently i used that until eventually the scroll wheel broke. Ive heard good things about the razer taipan though
waiting for afforementioned album
i was playing h1z1 the other day and tried to pull down on the AK ;_;
It was when my dad ran with the mafia in Utica, he's 56
They are, it's called Narcos. It's on Netflix. Right now it's centered on Escobar but they plan to keep it rolling into future drug lords so it's safe to say our pal Joaquinn here will get a season
Canada does as well
That is Alex ovechkin, known for not playing defense
I've spent at least $200 on keys, best thing I got was a ST kill confirmed. I bought my knife for $200 as well. It's cheaper that way
Are you my dad? He fucking loves that shit
my dad is obsessed with that shit since he started a diet, which lost him 30lbs, but i dont believe that its due to some stupid salt
I could do a lot of things with a million dollars
i should win because karambutt is dream knief
I read somewhere that the bankruptcy was actually a strategic move for a lawsuit he's involved in and obviously he isn't broke
/u/ballotbot draw 3
np bro, enjoy :)
yea thats what i figured when he messaged me. Why would a streamer who could win any bet he wants want to trade for my little old M9 Marble Fade?
not sure how he did the "items for trade" but the rest is just basic copy pasting
I didn't buy them, I bet and traded up to them :p
Just when I've had enough csgo for a day this pops up, God dammit....
F
I opened FN stat trak retribution. Probably my favorite skin after my marble fade M9
Ditto, I miss the FN ST bullet rain I lost in a bet
C9 kappa https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=109330798&amp;token=e17X9fp0
KQLY would like a word with you
Guitar and disco are my favorites
Amd is a computer company???
he had an m82, which will run you around 10k
I am also interested in the demo
It makes sense, I'll play a game at MG1/MG2 level and if I'm on the other team calls hacks
Thanks for the giveaway :)
LOL this kid following you PM'd me and said "you're the one who has issues silver"
Wouldn't having your dominant hand on top over use your hand as it's the only hand you're supposed to stick handle with?
So I suppose your home buy scoring is the creamy filling that makes you feel warm and bubbly inside?
I don't know, as a right hand dominant person and shooter. Never had any issues with stick handling. I've always had pretty slick hands and a nice shot
its a joke about how the genny coupe is a rehashed tiburon
Same here, NA east
Lol this just reminded me of the old racist guy who's a regular at my dealership, he comes in the day after that happened and goes "I don't see these BLM fuckers protesting about harambe" then went on to tell the story of how he got back from Vietnam and his wife was fat so be divorced her
The former, he also made a remark about how Mexicans join the military for citizenship, go to Iraq but not enough get buried there. He really is your stereotypical racist grandpa
I'm aware, idk why I'm getting downvoted when all I did was explain a shitty joke.
its a corvette dealer, he comes in and buys a new vette every 2-3 years and is always stopping in to look at new inventory
he is indeed quite racist. The other day he was telling a story from vietnam and a black dude came in and interrupted him to ask me a question about buying a car and the look on his face was priceless
I'm wondering why your comment didn't get nuked with the rest of the thread
def a miata, i think the number plate may be from italy
The dindunuffin
No you're good, this whole post is confusing as hell
I've got mine around 300whp with a 2.8" pulley, injectors, valves and a good tune. The LSJ is just as easy to pull power out of as its big brother
18 y/o male with a corvette here, I pay $180 a month
Dat fitment
C5 corvettes are fucking atrocious
Eeeeeeeevvvvoooooooo. But for real you can get a clean Evo 8 for around 15k
True, I'll sell you my cobalt for $7k ;)
Wait did CWM come back? I thought he left and deleted his acct...
Ditto, double bunny ear is too lit
Yup, my brother is a firefighter/EMT and he saved a woman's life with CPR, he's also 6'3" 260lbs so you can imagine what happened to her ribs. She sent our family flowers and a $200 gift card to a local Japanese steak house to show her appreciation
Dibs on the Porsche
129 /u/danknissan and /u/thegenuinebuzz suck Dakas dick cuz his knife is cooler than yours
What time on Sunday?
RemindMe! 2 days donate /r/millionairemakers donations
Yea summit lost hella money and wins about as much as any of us would, it's silly to accuse him being rigged
Rochester, NY. Topped out around 98 today. I wanted to die.
sorry mang am a kniev whore
ahh i was playing hockey :/ im def down to play in the future though
I was about to point out that you were young if you were 15 in 2011 but I realized I was 15 then too. And now I feel like an ass and I should get out more
heh what a fuckin nerd
fuck that, i understand not liking trump but hillary should be in fucking jail and executed for treason with what shes done
oh bull fucking shit, shes not just the most corrupt mother fucker on the world but she fucking exposed classified information to the entire world by purposely avoiding the fucking protocols that would keep said information secure. Thats fucking treason which is punishable by death. The fact that she is getting away with so much that has ruined and imprisoned people for far longer than "6 months to a year" is fucking bullshit. Send her to gitmo for all i care but you saying she doesnt deserve a long sentence in prison is just plain ignorant
wait someone tried to kill trump??? Link?
ok so it looks like he didnt even come close. still weird no major news outlet is carrying the story
fair enough, i dont watch much tv. i usually just visit a couple sites
Most countries don't have bloods, crips, Latin Kings or every other fucking gang under the sun who'd rather die than go to jail. Most of the people killed by cops are by no means innocent
youre dumb to be honest. most of the people kid by police are gangbangers who do not comply with police, often time are carrying weapons who behave with much hostility towards police because "they aint goin back man"
Same with Great Lakes, like this dude put St. Louis in the Great Lakes and not buffalo. Bruh do you even geography
Most people are keen to forget that aspect, half of our population lives in the country side or in smaller cities such as roc, buffalo, cuse, Utica etc.
It does not and that is why healthcare is so expensive. Hospitals can not refuse care whether the patient can pay or not. The ones who do pay end up covering for the ones who don't through incredibly expensive bills which then starts the fucking circle jerk you see everywhere. Get your facts before you start spouting bullshit and continuing the circle jerk
Which is like half the price of the dudes bike
Wow
Pls giv Polaris :D In all seriousness these cards look great and I'll probably pick 2 up if I don't win anyway
Same thing with my corvette, as soon as I hit the gas the interior rattles apart. But it's cool, weight reduction bro
Stick with the 918, it's much more exciting than a panamera lol
thats funny as fuck. i always said if i got a little diesel VW id do an EGR delete and put a stack from the turbo out the hood and just roll coal everywhere
True, the market shouldn't have even done anything. It's not like England is gonna stop trading now with brexit. Whatever, I got cheap stock. Not even mad
Wait a 10th of an amp can't kill you? So my electronics teacher lied?
tru, i get 17.1 in my vette, and thats with a blower on it so its not terrible but i do get a lot of smiles per gallon
Is this WSB?
Thanks :)
lol settle down big guy, you might actually scare him with those words
Oh no this idiot is in my city ;_;
You can see in the gif that his fight strap is still attached to his pants and jersey, that's why the jersey never separated from his body
lol that doesn't mean shit man. I scored a 88 on my asvab and I'm leaving for the air force in a few weeks. You can still go to college after you get out, and then it's free. I don't think you're really as smart as you think
Well let me give you a tip man, if you start out with "I'm too smart for...." you're going to come off as cocky and conceited. Dial it down a notch, be humble. Accept that at this point in your life you are nothing and you have nothing. The best course of action right now would be to join the military get free housing and food and try to get a job that interests you or could give you experience for the future. I joined the Air Force and specifically got a chance to go to Indoc for pararescue. This is going to help my future in that if I wanted to be a civilian EMT/ALS I'd have experience or if I wanted to be a LEO they love SF guys
The light hearted content makes the war waged unwillingly against us by /r/civ much more relaxed
He did not say "you all" just "*you*"
ESEA master race
Fuck I've been driving stick my whole life and I still refuse to put a stage 4 clutch in my vette for this reason
You never know man, my buddies monitor died one day and he didn't think it was in warranty so he gave it to me. I called up acer and sure enough there was a 3 year warranty on it. Completed the RMA paperwork, boxed it up and had a fresh new monitor 2 weeks later
I'm sitting at about 630whp right now. After my winter upgrades are done I'm looking to be sitting at 700 which is right at the limits of a stage 3 clutch. As she sits now I can comfortably daily the car and not have issues with my leg hurting unless I aggravate my knee injury again
Ok while the first part of your sentence is true the second is incredibly inaccurate. If you do not want to see combat you will not see combat. The guys you see with PTSD are the grunts and SF guys, not the logistics people or mechanics or other pogs who never have to go to combat and never have to watch their friends die. While yes death and mental illness can occur, it can also be avoided. Not everyone has to be a gunfighter
We're all faggots on this blessed day
Wait Buick is making a sports car? How did I miss that
Ahh ok, that's how I missed it then, I hate convertibles and I'm not a huge Buick fan
Yea ditto. Mine got here in 1905 according to Ellis island. I hate when people try to say that shit to me
I don't think it's for the selfish reasons you do, I'm normally a pessimist but I believe these guys are incredibly proud of what they accomplished in ww2 and like anything that people are proud of they want to show it off
Pm me for my paypal deets, you got a deal
You still double clutch?? Damn you're old :p you gotta hit the rev match while your down shifting, clutch in once and you get going much faster!
The technology wasn't there 5 years ago for autos to be faster than stick (not true) so it would make sense that the faster car (stick) had a higher resale. Or at least that's what I think he was trying to say
Probably cause us millennials are so far underwater with college debt that we can't even start to think of purchasing a luxury like a sports car
He had already bought a new one and told me I could keep it, it was the last monitor he hadn't upgraded to 144hz
Even the silvers that have good enough computers/internet wouldn't be able to use 128 to its full potential. I'd say 128 tick wouldn't start being useful until DMG/LE
&gt;oh... You kinda did
I dunno man my car has never asked me for ear scratches, do you think it's broken?
I don't know who you are or how you found me, but I'm triggered now
Nah FUCK you guys snowboarders fuck up my terrain parks
Hell yea brother!
You'd think that, I've seen more than a few cougars and grizzlies on mountains out west, there's a video of a girl getting chased by a grizzly and she had no idea, if she would have stopped she'd have been dead
Found the snowboarder that breaks his wrists once a season
I used to watch street speed but I just can't anymore. Idk why but his videos are just boring now
Ditto, the last month I've only played ESEA, just played mm to keep my rank last night and not a single person talked except to flame me when I lost a 1v4. Never going back to mm lol
&gt; RAM vs. actually towing something LUL -dirty max owner
Even the hellcat is still slow, my buddy gapped the fuck out of a FBO hellcat with his 590whp Z06
My 6.0L V8 LS2 corvette with 800hp disagrees with you
.300 BLK*
You'll never see a cougar on the groomers where the casuals ski, but in the back country? Yea there's cougars man
Exactly, and I was at 20+ kills while they were all at like 10-11
Ditto, also At c-. Everyone's just cooler in ESEA. Hardly ever meet toxic people
How nice of the IIHF to provide a full team of medics
Apples to oranges
Oh I know, I've had 2 toxic kids in my past 30 pugs and they were exactly as you describe, except instead of kicking them the left on their own
Technically coltgia's comment was a 1 down ;)
Lol and get im getting downvotes, people can't take a joke these days
Don't make me stab you
It is known
My old man has had me hooked on the dirty ski from the time I could walk, never stood a chance
Not if your only stock plays are options and 3x etfs ;)
The name rings a bell
I don't wanna one up op, but this used inventory might tempt you a bit more https://www.reddit.com/r/Corvette/comments/5b5gh0/when_you_accidentally_stumble_into_heaven/?st=IXJHRX16&amp;sh=f8ddc004
Some people remove them themselves
Have you been waiting this whole thread to use that one?
Confirmed, once drove in snow. Wheels do spin
Swapping a cam in a pushrod is like the easiest thing I've ever done...
In spite of the fact that some people still think that they know him
200fps is shifty frames? Well fuck me sideways
It would have been on the waist of johnny had he not been in an acceleration stance. Doesn't excuse comeau
Gonna need a source for that one guy
What's your CPU tho, I have a 4790k and a gtx960 and I get almost 200
My bro is an EMT in Monroe county, he narcans 3-4 people a week from heroin OD's. We have tons of overdoses, i guess we're just better at responding to them?
That guy is a fairly popular YouTuber as well, didn't know he skied but when you said "purple gallardo" I knew it had to be the stradman
It's not even a big deal in NY, I've never been pulled over in 4 years of driving here. As long as you keep it under the front seat of your car you're fine
Sometimes not even groves on the tires! I drive around in drag radials with 1 groove lol
Listen guy I don't think you've ever played hockey, because If you run the goalie you're gonna get your kidneys punched to shit. Goalies don't forget that shit
Don't worry, everyone but that guy waves
At least you're not 2 years in :/
I think it's awesome that RJ actually called the games ray played in and now they're an awesome casting duo. Shows how seasoned he his.
Definite concussion, he postures in his fall which is one of the scariest things I've ever witnessed. Happened to my old man when he fell out of a tree and the concussion was the least of his worries
It's nothing of interest, the rules state that incidental head contact as a result of a clean hit is a non call
There's no intent to injure in this play, you can't even argue that. Please brush up on your hockey
Buff is a dirtbag anyway, I'm glad he didn't get in there. Especially with the shit fit he threw at the end of the game. And to everyone saying that buff could fuck up the whole sabres bench, Risto restrained him with relative ease in this clip
But we already have Larkin, eichel Mcdavid and Matthews, we dont need anymore talent ^/S
My old man was there for Clint and I was there for zednik, right near it. That shit is traumatizing for a 10 year old
I agree with the sentiment about byfuglien, everytime he fucks someone up Peggers are as happy as can be when in reality he's a dirtbag and most of his hits are dirty
Did you even watch the clip? McCabe put his shoulder into laine's chest. The head contact was an unfortunate side effect of two massive bodies colliding at full speed
Oh well in that case, riperino
That is indeed correct, NY is more than a city
Who knew that the Jedi fought in the mog?
its from eichels instagram
Secret service is for diplomatic protection and counterfeiting, CIA is foreign intelligence work similar to MI5
Y'all are totally gonna bone and get married
Holy shit, as someone about to enlist as a pararescueman that really got me
Ahh yes of course, thanks for the correction. I always get them mixed up
Mindgamed
Rear Admiral Mr. Dr. Prod. Lord Darth Vader to you
As well as basically every truck and SUV. Lots of people are "stomaching" 40k+ for chevy's
This is the dumbest comment I've read all night.
Isn't buffalo supposed to have a rematch against Pittsburgh next year?
Ever since street outlaws happened people think that promods= street cars
My local Chevy dealer had a car show this summer to raise money for charity and they had a used NASCAR there, shit was cool as hell
I played on a 4300, I had it OC'd to like 4.4 gHz but it was still painful
Bogo+kuli and a 2nd for stamkos+Callahan confirmed
That's what I'm wondering, if you took off your helmet could you breathe. Another commenter said earths atmosphere has a density of 10^19/cm3 where as the densest nebula is 10^4/cm3 so I guess not
How do they feel about smoking/vaping at BMT?
fuck i guess i better quit now
thats tough man, thanks for the input. hopefully she got whats comin to her
Ha I got pulled over doing 120 in a 45, cop didn't have his radar on and gave me a tint ticket luckily
A girl whose dad had died called me daddy. Nope
No, ex sabres only light it up against us. As in they're still shit, just not against us
Guys who served in the first gulf war will often refer as having served in desert storm, not sure why but they do
French Canadians are so much fucking worse than Mexicans or Brazilians Source: NY resident who has somehow played with both
SIP buddy, say hi to shane for us
being happy and embarrassing myself infront of hot girls
depends, you may have to get the block honed, def replace pistons, rods, cam, pushrods, lifters, tappets, maybe heads and just about every other moving part
Maybe they're super catholic and to find out she's gay rustled their jimmies a tad bit
I was gonna say that I was one of the seniors when this happened but we didn't have a golf cart :( all the senior guys in my class did attack everyone with water balloons though
Am I supposed to reach under my dick like some kind of animal and get piss dribbles in my arm? Fuck you I'll stand all I want
This reminds me of my old man, his father died when he was 7 and his mom lost it. Went on to do a ton of drugs and completely neglect her 5 children. My old man (2nd oldest) and older brother did what the could to raise their siblings but eventually they both went to college and couldn't take care of them. Both my younger uncles are developmentally challenged and my aunt (youngest) married some rich dude from Sweden. Somehow though my dad beat the odds and became an electrical engineer and raised me and my brother the way his father had before he passed
There's a motovlogger who covered this, why bikers first instinct is to always run and why he always pulls over. It basically amounts to "because I can" and "because I'm not a douche bag/looking to die" respectively. So while I'm not a LEO definitely pull over. You could save your own life
There's a actually a guy who shows up to car meets with Bentley badges on his 300, I'll try to find a pic.
Do you not?
Always bardownski
Yea we did ours in ny
One of my best good friends is from Florida and we run 3-4 pugs and 1-2 mm games a night
Not the guy you responded to but project cars is an excellent racing sim
Ion cannon*
i do it because i drive stick, no such thing as eating or texting unless someone spoon feeds me
get new wheels ASAP. those stock base wheels look terrible with the widebody
I personally am a big fan of [forgestar wheels](http://imgur.com/1LAtngK), though they are a bit pricy
F14's are sexy! I want a set so bad for mine
Well it does have a duramax diesel, probably highly modified, makes 900ft/lbs stock
Cars are not good investments unless you're wealthy enough to be selected to purchase a hypercar*
Moab bro
So he's a Chicago spy?
You're wrong and I hate you for it, the eb110 was a terrible car with a terrible interior and it looked terrible
Oh man we can't be friends, the 90's was a terrible time for vehicle design. There are only 3 cars from the 90's that didn't look absolutely horrendous and those are the F40, Skylines and mk4 Supra
Well that's just common sense, anyone who flops their tongue loses style points
Agreed, remove the trim and get better wheels and that's a sexy car
Ok but it was built well into the 90's
Oh true, didn't even think of that. A guy in my neighborhood has an F40 so that's like my go to supercar since I see it so often
lol i know im just joshin.
still got it? ill take it
still got the 1070? willing to part out?
still have the 1070? id like to purchase it
I think he's talking about servers that don't have skins or any of that shit, just the pure surf map
I've never been so excited to watch a grown man cry
Anytime pal, I've heard English is very tricky to pick up for non native speakers
My friends are all on Reddit so we just roast whoever reposts in the group chat
Yea and I just use all my Alts to browse porn subs that I would never comment on with this one
/r/casualcommunism
4chan truly is the Chinese sweatshop of memes
Eh from what I've heard the subtle nuances and multiple meanings of words make it quite difficult
Perhaps learn was the wrong term to use, master would have been a better choice. That's why a lot of people know it but most foreigners have broken English unless they've been speaking since they were little
Actually Bauer acquired Easton and is phasing them out, that's why hall switched. Source: worked in a hockey pro shop and that's what our Bauer rep told us
I was at this game, I did not leave with clean pants
That's only in shootouts, patty kane is notorious for doing spinoramas and shooting
17h later and no update, we lost him boys. RIP op
Same in the states, if you work 6 or more hours you get a 30 minute (unpaid) and 2 15 minute paid breaks
No worries, I found another seller who accepted my offer
The whole privacy thing didn't work out too well for her did it
If pat kaleta can get a job with the sabres, bicks can get a job with the hawks
Yea I remember my first composite stick was a stealth and I would only use Easton sticks, after the S19 things kinda fell off though.
Also you can see through the paper that his name is Michael
Do you make a habit of fucking mormons?
Standard issue marine boots, SOF guys will usually use Merrell boots or other lower cut hiking boots
This, so much this
It will appear when he posts it in 1 min
What direction are valve planning on moving with CSGO? As one of largest esports we receive terrible communications from devs, spotty updates and a general lack of community support. Are you planning on porting it to source 2? If so how does the in game economy stay with the status quo?
They won't, they never do :(
/r/the_gaben
The adopted red headed ones
Fuck I'll drive from ny to D.C. For $2500
Or ya know, that you tuber that did use a glock as a hammer, mattv2099 or whatever he is
That is a 2 generation old Malibu, on mobile but the second newest gen is quite a bit different
70k will get you a gently used C7 z06, which is what a lot of people end up doing
I know it sounds ridiculous but I have customers who buy brand new cars, put like 4K miles on them and then buy a car 1 model year newer
No way the performante beat the 918, it's just a huracan with like 90 less lbs and a big wang
One of my buddies plays with wahlstrom on the NTDP or whatever, in youth hockey his parents moved him to Canada to play with the Don Mills flyers
Yea I guess a lot of times what will happen is they will live basically with a foster parent as that is much cheaper. If you go watch the documentary about David Levin on YouTube it explains the housing setup. My buddy played with him at Don Mills, super cool kid apparently
Pls me
This, as weird as it sounds you get used to the power. I went from a 200hp cobalt to a 600hp vette. Shit was wild at first but it is manageable with t/c on and time
No prep =/= street race
Tru, but keep the nannys and you're golden
I had a girl break up with me over text, I was more angry about the fact that it was over text than the actual break up, she was a cunt
Yolo it all on AMD weekly calls or bust faggot
Lol my ex used to do the same shit when she was drunk with her friends. One day i got sick of it and drove to the party she was at with one of her friends and pulled her out. She still didn't open up about what she wanted to talk about. She basically was using me for attention. You dodged a bullet on that one broski
lol no worries man, you definitely dodged a bullet on that one. I can relate to the fooling around ones. Usually the girls who say that are actually cheating. Had it happen to me twice
Something about insecure people projecting their weakness onto others is what I always hear
the chevys have the vibrating seat as well. also goes off when you depart your lane and the 2017 suburbans and tahoes that are equipped with lane departure will actually counter steer the car for you. shits wild source: Work at a chevy dealer
No you're cyka blyatting
My last name has 311 people but there are 2 of me :(
Honestly, yes. That's how the founding fathers intended it. The only requirement being 35 years of age and US citizen from birth
Yea but Potus makes like 500k so it's not like that's a big deal
Chill man, I'm not trying to get political. I made a shitty joke about a video game stereotype. Not everything has to be politicized these days
Well the landing ramp is actually pretty soft. I've landed hard on a resi mat before and it isn't that bad
The better one
You really think we think you would just do that, come on the Internet and lie?
You know it's shooped right
It gets cold in the desert sometimes
Lol of you think anyone with a Bloomberg terminal makes min wage
Ditto, I did manage to have sex though. Like 4 times. Never any real relationships though
Tru didn't think about that
See I find it weird when a girl tells me I'm hot. But that's prolly cuz Im 99% sure I look like Quasimodo
I wonder if liquid forgot this one at Columbus
Daddy needs a new Abrams!
Lots of old grouchy southerners
Pretty easy to obsess over something they've never had
Is TJ hunt chill or a douche? I feel like it could go both ways
It's just called a cartridge, shell, round etc. it could be used for hunting but it is not specifically made for hunting. I would never use an FMJ round when hunting and I don't know anyone else who does either so this was probably some guy plinking in the woods and, based on OPs statement, fired his gun into the air.
Probably said something pro trump
Wat, it's $400k isn't it?
The gt350s never got to double sticker. It was the 350r that got that high and they did not sell at that price
People are pretty chill about girls in CSGO as well. But the girl streamers are the most annoying people I've played with. I played with this one girl who thought she was the best awper in the world and repeatedly kept buying them even on save rounds, she finished with like 2 kills
My dog will poke things with her paw like her food bowl or the door outside or her leash and sometimes the boots I use to walk her through the woods if she's feeling particularly demanding
Subsurface*
Flying. Buttress.
LFA is a v10 u pleb
You can find a brand new, and I mean like 3 mile never sold z28 for 50k. For some reason no one wanted a brutal track focused camaro with no luxuries
Shit I fucked up, meant to say the 918 has a v8. Either way I was busting your balls
Yea I think I'd rather take a z28 over a base stingray but ded a z06 or GS over the z/28 if I have loot to throw around
tenths of what?
That makes too much sense of course
Thalassophobia Thanks man!
You can tell whose young and whose old by which they use. PEMDAS4prez
Well I know what the first car I'd buy would be if I win the lotto
Oil is probably mixed in there too given that he's in finance and lives in Texas
Former NHL player*
Google
Pls no swear friendo, the doggos no likey :(
Exactly what I always said. Anyone who hates on Bieber would be just as much of a douche if they had made millions by age 16
Cuba goosing jr played too
Don't listen to this guy, if they're vinyl stickers you can do it yourself with a heat gun and some isopropyl alcohol
Yea you can't have a w2 job to get around that. Gotta be making that real Skrilla
Go CCT bro, tacp is a joke
Aha it was a joke, the other guy that responded is living up to the classic AF reputation
It was a joke buddy, desalinate
We have the same headset, maybe one day I'll be as good as you :'^)
nt editing the comment so someone gives you gold
top kek
Smooth
Brothers are the worst, my bro always wants to borrow my car. He makes more money than me! He can buy his own damn corvette
Or ya know corvette Z06s which are wide as a bitch or viper ACR
At least you know how it feels
Yea here I am waiting to be able to buy a koenigsegg and these dudes already got their dream cars
Fuck that kid
Oh my god dude the blower on my car caused my front to sit lower than it should (not maxed out on the lowering bolts) and I fucking scrape on flat ground. It's the absolute worst. Hard braking? Scrape. Going around a slightly angled turn? Scrape. Going down a slight incline? Scrape
This crowd reminded me of our highschool hockey chants, we said some pretty awful shit but it was all so funny
Rage comics on ifunny
Nah mine is a C6 with an edelbrock blower on it, it looks too good for me to want to raise it and most of the scraping is the front air dam
Eh it's mostly the rubber air damn
Yep I get it bad under hard braking
Yea mines mostly a trip to Mexico kinda car so twisters aren't a huge deal, she does scrape hard at the glen though
That's not even bad wtf, buncha pricks
Video said it's a nitrous coyote. Pretty sure he'd fuck that neon up
Same happened with my group, every night there would Be 5 of us ready to queue for mm or ESEA. We were all SMFC/LEM. Pubg came out and I've played maybe 2 cs games since. We've all switched to Rocket league/ pubg which is strange. I got shit on by DMGs and MGEs last night
People always want more power, why do you think there's people running around 1000hp C7's?
Hell yea brother. 19 y/o vette owners unite
My friends and I refer to it as hizzy and occasionally we'll sing that Beyoncé song
Pizza guys can make bank if they work in affluent areas, with tips my buddy makes like $30/hr delivering pizzas all day
It should be noted that while you can, no one would due to the cost of parts and power in bmws, why spend $30k getting an m4 to 800hp when you can get some beat rwd Japanese car and drop a blown LS in it for 1/2 the cost.
Yea or a coyote swapped foxbody, cheap cars with big power cheap motors in them
Absolutely, most muscle cars you see drag racing are not on the original chassis. A lot of guys will make a tube chassis and put the old body panels on it or even create new fiberglass body panels for extra weight savings, swap out the rear end for something that can take a lot of power and abuse, add a built tranny/driveshaft, motor swap it with a junkyard 6.0 and 2 big turbos or a big block with nitrous and you've got an 8 second car
I mean either would work, if you want to watch real street racing go to 1320video on YouTube and watch their street racing vids. You'll get a better idea of the kinds of cars people are running. They have vids of anything from professionally built fully tubed race cars to garage built turbo junkyard 6.0s that were shoved under an RX7/corvette/camaro/whatever else you wanted to put it in
so triggered you dont even know, im going to get another beer
A little this and a little of that, if you're actually savvy on wall street and investing you can pick out the good stuff from the shitposts.
Not even gonna link us the eBay auction so I can buy it smh
I'm guessing this was in Canada or AUS? I'm pretty sure those stageas aren't legal yet
A guy who owns a local performance shop to me Dailys his huracan and it's fuckin hot
I never drive hard unless the passenger specifically asks me too, some people don't wanna go fast and it scares the shit out of them
Yea exactly, I always drive the speed limit in my vette and only really do pulls on highway ramps or onto a 55 mph road
Yea I wish I had a slow car, top of second is 100
It only sold for £8k fuck me
Nah I exaggerated a bit, I drive a 750 whp corvette but it's a base model with a stock drive train so it only has a 2.73 rear end. My top of 2nd is probably closer to 80-90
As long as you don't go out in snow and get proper cold weather tires you'll be fine
Just because he personally doesn't believe in gay marriage doesn't mean he can't support others rights to be themselves. I know plenty of people who don't believe in abortion that support a woman's right to choose
Yep, at the end of the day you're still running over innocent bystanders
To be fair a lot of those are probably electrical issues, my buddy has a BMW that has had electrical issues frying the turn signals 3 or 4 times now
It's an E28, but I've seen it happen on early 2000's German cars as well. The early 2000's were not a good time for cars
True, hitting the shot was easy once you found a guy sitting still
But also lost Kaners soul mate
Middlestadt tweeted to fire bylsma
Thinner, probably going to be under the clear
That's 12 you dingus
If you don't mind me asking, where'd you get the gauges and how much? I'm looking at putting a similar setup in my car
Rich people who have a distaste for imports and want to go drag racing. Can't drag race any of those euro cars
1h later, no robit. Rip op
My body shop has a contract with usps to fix them, I get to whip them on the regular and they're with out a doubt the sketchiest cars I've ever seen
Yea it's called the iron duke it's a little 2.0 carbureted 4 banger that is by every definition of the word gutless
Yea the guy I talk to said they'll be rolling out the new mail trucks by 2020 no idea what they'll be
&gt;Southern California There's your problem. Move out of that god awful state lol. Not that NY is any better but outside of the city our real estate prices are pretty bomb
What up east side bros, fairpot checkin in
Kid I went to school with just got a quadrofoligio
This is incorrect
Meh the roofline In this photo is deceiving, I'd bet there's a good bit of head room
Post his trades you fuckin idiot
Don't worry we'll see this on the next "guys of Reddit, what obvious signals have you missed from girls"
Ez
Sr20 would be a good swap
Supercharged v8s aren’t that special, look I respect the hell out of MB for being able to milk these G wagons as long as they have. But they are literally not worth the money unless you just want status or you wanna be that guy who actually takes his $300k g wagon off-roading
The S class isn’t a slightly uptrim military chasis, go watch the Doug demuro video on the g wagon and you’ll see what I mean. The value isn’t in the engine, they’re supposed to be luxury cars and the G class is just faking it
It is off-road capable because it’s a military Chasis, I understand it’s incredibly capable as an off-roader but they charge 300k for it because it’s a “luxury vehicle”
birth certificate
2018 has a lot to live up to eh?
Hippo freezes to death in the frigid arctic climate, next
Battle bus, the amount of times we’ve ridden that thing into the middle of a squad and come out victorious is astounding
The NHL has barred NHL players from attending the olympics, with no NHL caliber players the Olympic team is reaching down to college and semi pro players. Otherwise the you certainly would see American elite players such as Patrick Kane, Phil Kessel, Jack Eichel etc.
It basically come down to political bullshit between the IIHF, IOC and NHL. Some NHL owners have been vocal about the league not allowing players to go and the owner of the capitals even went as far as to offer to pay the fine for his superstar Alex Ovechkin after Ovechkin stated his intent to represent Russia at the games. I don’t know much about this kid but the odds of him cracking an NHL roster are pretty low at this point. He’s spent a few years in the KHL. And is now on a 1 year contract in the AHL. While that sounds promising the skill gap from the KHL to the NHL is enormous, as is the NHL-AHL gap. There was a guy who just got cut from the sabres and sent down to an AHL franchise because he couldn’t hack it in the NHL, he now currently has 14 points in 9 games.
I feel like after a play like that you can’t even be mad at that, one “Great Pass!” Wouldn’t be that bad
I dunno if you adjust your pants properly they stay in place pretty well, I love the cryes
hes stanced up boooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
More like AOR2/NWU2
he better blouse that boot before his NCO finds him
While i didnt follow through with being a PJ, im shipping out to army basic, to become a medic with the rangers and then hopefully SF, in 4 days. This is the most important thing, failure isnt an option. As long as youre truly all or nothing you wont fail
theres a few insta accts that regularly post pics of SOWT, @AFSOC_Official is probably the best one though
Not just any STS, i believe only the 24th is tier one. Also i dont believe PJs are attatched with DEVGRU very often, other STS would be attatched to tier 2 SOF such as MARSOC and Army SF
It happened so fast though, they didn’t have time for a tic tac toe
Ahh i figured he was deployed with CAG based on AOR1, I dont think ive seen any pics of PJs with DEVGRU, just CCTs. I appreciate the insight. Cheers boys
Hey if im in a situation where im that fucked up i sure hope the PJs are coming to get me and not some lame ass regular MEDEVAC
Yep, I’ll go through basic and then AIT, become a 68w, then go to airborne school, then go to RASP. The plan is to do a few tours with the regiment then go to selection and become an 18D
Yea I was originally going to try and get a 18x contract and go straight to SF, but you have to be 21 to get one, so by the time I get through RASP and get a deployment under my belt I will meet all the requirements
not likely, they always test the cars in the snow. After all some people do actually use their cars year round
Because its federally mandated?
you dont even know what it looks like yet
What doesn’t cause cancer or birth defects in California?
To be fair I watch hockey every night and I only know the name of the sabres mascot
Yes the first spitfire went down in the first battle with the luftwaffe that they had, you don’t see it until after the battle and they only show the plane sinking in the ocean
I spent 12 hours sitting on a bench with a 60lb ruck and all my chutes waiting for a combat jump at airborne school, still better than fucking 30th
Ahh you’re not even going to sand hill, you’ll be fine
Well yea he actually joined the army
It won’t be hot but it’ll be cold as fuck in the mornings for PT, then depending on how the weather is feeling it will still be cold as fuck during the day
Rutherford was the fucking dude, he played YouTube videos in the auditorium all day for us whenever there wasn’t a brief
That and all the privates in ocps and sneakers ogling you because you’re in black phase
Was he the sgt that was missing his 2 front teeth?
Ahh, we had a POG e-5 that bragged about how bad he fucked us up after we did 10 push-ups in the parking lot lmao. Then he went on screaming about how life isn’t call of duty and you can’t mash the x button
He meant staged fights
Yea that’s the fucking guy, couldn’t remember his name. Guy was the biggest tool I met
Lmao DS Leon, the Cuban croc. Luckily I didn’t deal with him too much, DS heater was the man though
I’m an American living in Italy, shits wild here
That’s pre 2015 gm, the past 3 years have seen a huge increase in interior quality across GMs fleet
Yea I can only think of 1 dude who can max that shit and he was a D1 wrestler in college
Damn bro that’s like all the shit the black hats warn us against. Static line issues are my biggest fear every time I hook up. Glad you’re ok brother. -173rd
Damn that’s a pretty high optempo, I don’t even think we jump 3 times a month and we’re constantly on rotations to Spain and Germany
Ahh yea fair enough, it’s a lot easier to put you guys on a bus to go back to Benning as well, most guys from here don’t go to jumpmasfer school until the PCS back stateside
As someone that just PCS to Vicenza, I appreciate you
Lol have you ever been on a car scene Facebook forum? All they do is shit on each other for everything
Well if he made it to SF right after basic training then that’s an automatic bump to E-5 no matter what and then it’s only a small hop to e6
I had a DS in basic that was SF, he said it was essentially guaranteed after you finish the Q
Not op but in my middle school and highschool Spanish classes we did have to chose a Spanish name to use in class
I think this is a pretty widely held belief to be honest. Most people acknowledge that we can not be the only life in the universe
Hockey is best sport
And ya know they actually play the whole 60 minutes
I got a 93 and I chose infantry 🤷🏻‍♂️ we had a few guys in my company that were 99s
You just described a kid in my PLT except this was 2018 not 2008
Thanks man, who knows if I don’t like the army maybe I’ll get out and switch. I hold all the AFSOC guys in very high regards. I went through airborne with a bunch of PJs and they were all awesome dudes
My dad’s 2013 silverado has this as well
Most do yes
Current infantry dude here.... Yep
/r/accidentalrenaissance
AATW
I guess it depends, here in italy it’s .05 if you’re over 21 and .01 under 21
Lmao, I was a solid b- without effort in highschool. Had no direction and decided that being airborne would be cool. Boy was That an interesting choice
My dad’s truck is a LTZ 🤷🏻‍♂️
Well I’m a really high op tempo unit so we spend about 50% of the year training with nato allies and playing war. The other 50% is 4 day weekends and a lot of landscaping
There’s no women in the American equivalent either, infact I don’t think a woman has passed any SOF selection process. It’s just the way it is guy
The 50+ year old vette community is the worst, I used to deal with them all the time at my dealer ship. All the young guys I know who own vettes are pretty chill though
I could definitely see ole Billy’s kid being that kind of a douche
Word on the street is he uses his dealerships to move drugs up the coast
Yes
Goodbye
How the fuck do you make so little money? I’m an E1 in the army and I even make 5 digits
Pretty close to it. A lot of guys are retarded and do blow all their money on strippers and booze or cars(I had mine before I enlisted). But if you’re smart and manage your money right you’ll be pretty well off financially on top of those sick benefits we get
Hell yea brother, still not sure if I’m gonna re up or just do my 3 and dip. Either way it’s not a bad gig at all if you can tolerate some bullshit and a little bit of suck
They gave us that shit in the field during basic training, shit was terrible imo
Heakin is that you?
Pogs do, I finished Osut in April and we didn’t get our phones until our blue cords were pinned
Or join the air force
Wait he got promoted from an NCO to an officer? Was that actually a thing?
No he shouldn’t be in the nhl a year after draft, but the fact that we have someone with great promise in our system should give you confidence for the future
Sick wheels my dude. Don’t take your incredible success for granted. Stay focused and take your business even farther. Never lose sight of where you came from
Step 1.) jump school Step 2.) 82nd abn Step 3.)???????? Step 4.) profit
Step 1.) Go to air assault Step 2.) go to 101st Step 3.)??????????? Step 4.) profit
Wow that is super gay, when I was inprocessing here at Vicenza we had some POG e-5 that is one of the few legs here yell that shit every time a formation was released
It was 10 or 12, I try not to remember those days
Like 2 weeks ago
I’m in the 173rd, we’re not deploying anytime soon lol
1st or 2nd batt
Ah word, I’m in 1st batt
She’s literally carrying it on a frame made for the jav, why are you so awe struck?
11bitchbones lmao thats great, clearly you werent eating your damn yum yum bars
That’s not an American grenade. American grenades are just comp b with a steel casing that fractures like you described
Please, hipsters can’t afford cocaine
And even then it depends how rich you are, I highly doubt bill gates or warren buffet need to go out of their way to get anything done
soldier here, we definitely do not salute indoors under normal circumstances. However if we are uncovered and outdoors for whatever reason we will salute unless youre in a work area such as a motorpool
No, army doesn’t salute indoors I don’t know where you people get this idea from.
I dunno, the customs I was taught in basic was that you only salute outside and covered, though there’s not many situations in the army that you’d be outside and uncovered
Big one under the 50 if youre worried about the machine gun, or the tip of the Jav if youre worried about that. The smaller ones are likely TIMS and LRFs
supervette kit?
She’s lookin thicc my guy. Once I get my power adders and supporting mods done I want to get a zr6x kit, how much did it run you?
Nah, these isis assholes deserve death
Corporals are used to promote people to an NCO position when no E5 slots are available, my unit has quite a few corporals in it
That rear window is definitely the exact same
i saw at least 2 or 3 secondaries
That’s certainly a possibility, i hadn’t ruled that out
pretty sure every mass shooting in recent history has been in places that ban guns
All the way
One was dany fuckin heatley
CTSFO is not wearing anything close to what they are, as mentioned above CTSFO doesnt wear milspec stuff [CTSFO](https://i2-prod.chroniclelive.co.uk/incoming/article15535662.ece/ALTERNATES/s1227b/0_SGP_NEC_111218POLICE03seqnJPG.jpg) now compare that to 22SAS seen in the OP. Also why would CTSFO have tan painted rifles when theres no deserts in britain, but there is in numerous locales that SAS operates
Honestly, yea I do. The retard who owns this is probably not a capable fighter
A lot of euro countries don’t allow knives to be carried, in stationed in Italy and we were told we could be arrested for carrying our knives off post
I mean it’s dumb but they can do them man, I’m here for 2 years and then I’m back in the states. No skin off my back
