It's speculated she's Crane Mother. May be going back in time for the Seven Cities of Heaven Tournament.
http://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/144603/khonshus-tribute-a-melee-moon-knight-build-updated-may-22-2015/p1
Anytime! Gnome does a good job breaking the build down and going over why this and that is taken. Gear and such is all pretty much straight forward. My IGN is Vikstyn if you ever need anything.
Go to Scottish Highlands. Find Connor MacLeod. There can be only one.
You get 400 ES on your second log in day. That's enough for a good hero.
Imdb has him listed as Barry Allen.
There's 2 captain boomerangs.
I feel so stupid for wondering what Marvelous! was.
Spoilers..
This makes me so insanely jealous. Gorgon makes my MK eat rocks instantly.
He's my favorite comic character. I half hoped the art dealer shop in DD was owned by Spector.
Fruit lawyer here. It all depends on if the swallows grasp it by the husk or if it's tied to said bird.
X23 for synergy if you main a melee
I think they got him wrong in the VO in game. I would have liked to hear more of his multiple personalities. And the demon voice is Khonshu. He's a great comic to read. The 2015 run of Mr. Knight is good.
Why not make a all time use medkit like D3 has? Unique drop and rare.
THANK YOU!! At work til 5 and was wondering costs.
Is there anything else? What about the quests that had retcons?
I've always got a box at 175. The last 8 boxes were fantastic, nova, storm, and deadpool. In that order. I don't even wanna random box anymore..
I just did this for Gambit. It took maybe an hour. AND I was able to kill Bullseye for the MK1 card.
Still selling.
Who the fuck did he just accordion??!
I was running RIF/SIF boosts all morning farming terms, I did 8 axis one shots, and CICP and got NOTHING to drop except a cosmic Skull medallion upgrade. 2+ hours of 200% for nothing.
Sit in Midtown lobby, go kill anything right outside the door, and run back in. The rarity of the mob doesn't matter.
Not really. Tried it.
Probably.
You're not the only one. Flooded with rude elitist pricks, 'who should I pick next' threads, and Gaz sucks for no event cryfests.
Posts like this will push people away from the game. The Mods need to start deleting toxic trash like this.
Interested in the SG. IGN - Vikstyn
What?! How is that possible? I know he took Carnage in space and did the same thing once.
Moon Knight. Knowing I can get stomped and killed by a boss with his play style keeps me focused. I just leveled Gambit so I'm pumped to see how he does with a hybrid build.
Every random box so far has been a dupe. At least I got a DD dupe tonight so that's a free ult point.
I went more hybrid. Street Sweeper, 52UP, Royal Flush, and Bo Vault with 60/40 physical/energy stats. Debating replacing BV with something else but I don't wanna turn into a range character. I like the midrange melee.
This Thursday is free champ.
Crafter has an option to remove it.
Fumbles is right. It's under Misc.
What are you looking for for the balloon?
I got a low rolled hod if you're into a 1:1
Haha that's super late for me. Just add me and when you see me in game send me a tell. Vikstyn
Awesome. I'm in the U.S. But I'm about to leave for work in 15. I'll be on tonight sometime.
I just green prestiged. With a personal xp buff of 50% and server side, not really rushing mind you, just over 5 hours. Like I said if I put some rush into it I could have done it around 4.
Moon Knight for the extra ult point.
1. That username is good. 2. I think with the endless events that have been going on for the past month, people felt they should have another. IMHO they should have did all the weekly events this month as opposed to last month and a half. Or do a big 10/a set xp bump that scales per week instead of weekly and getting dumped/set xp bonus for the month. Hell any of those options are better than the rolling weekly xp.
What you should have done was send an email showing you bought the Gs. Maybe they thought you were scamming.
I added you btw. I should be back on super early my time. Around 5am or so.
MK is my main and is an absolute blast. But if youre not into getting punished for the playstyle, then I wouldnt use him for the freebie.
http://redd.it/391cqn Honestly it's stickied at the top. Take more time to look.
I ran several with my SG this morning and found well over 100+ in 8 runs.
Nope. Sell em.
I finished up the 365 about an hour ago too. I farmed for Treasure Rooms I didn't have and killed mobs while looking. IMO it was way better doing it that way. Regular MIdtown was pretty good too with damn near instant respawn mobs.
He's already the villain Gladiator.
Same with raids. You can go back and get loot, but no commends.
The irony in this is he won't speak and you'll see him. But he speaks as Groot and you don't see him.
Some hero specific uniques are better for them than non-hero ones. Some heroes use a split of both. Honestly it all depends on who you play.
Does marvel unlimited have all these available? Im willing to drop $10 to read all those like right now. Edit: too many words.
I guess using the search feature on this sub to direct you to the other 500+ threads asking the same thing is too hard eh?
Try getting it through Steam.
It's quite possibly my favorite one. I remember watching it when it came out as a teenager and saying 'holy shit, this movie is dark'. The atmosphere was bleak, and you had that sense of no hope up to the end.
Vikstyn IGN add me.
For you guys that play her how is she? I leveled her to 10 but I don't have her unlocked yet.
I feel like she plays the way Nova should play. I just can't get into him at all.
Add me in game Vikstyn. I'll help ya out
Agreed. The first 6 were phenomenal. But you could REALLY tell the shift on book 7. Now I'm all caught up to 16 I'm ready to see how this ends. Did you read the secret wars with MK in it?
Yeah. I wasn't a big fan of it. I wanna see what's gonna happen if they push on with it.
I'm so jealous that I can't do anything that awesome.
I'm interested in the Annihilation story line. Does it cover all the years of those books? I think it's from 09-14 or something.
As long as I can turn em off I'll be ok. I was reading comics on a free online site but it's buggy from time to time and the selection is just ok.
Was that one in Nashville?
I downloaded the app to check it out. As long as I don't have the smart box on it works fine. I'll have to pinch zoom things, but that's not a big deal.
You have to redownload. But it's worth it when it auto updates for you.
Add me. Vikstyn. I'll be on most of the day tomorrow. I main a decently geared Moon Knight. What are you interested in doing?
What a bunch of aholes..
Kyuss - Blues for the Red Sun
Congrats! I'm on the lookout for the yellow suit version myself.
Spider-Man made his own suit so no.
Shadowland.
Log in by Sunday.
Kyuss and Sleep are great. Jerusalem/Dopesmoker are amazing.
Nova was in the New Warriors before GotG.
r/shittyfantheories
I'm assuming you know Tom Jones is 75. Or are you placing Hey There Delilah pre-Delilah?
I mean Fred Savages room was the size of my living room growing up so I assumed they were well off. Maybe his dad was corporate America in the mid80s and was working in Chicago. Maybe he got held up by a parade downtown that day by some kid singing Twist and Shout.
His dad took the fall money and bet it all on himself to win. He was more than likely a underdog. 5-1 odds at 25k, for example, is $125k return. And with it put in a savings Matt could only use to go to school on, it makes sense he would have go to the orphanage (if the rumors of his mom being a nun there pan out).
Put them in your stash. Shift-click to split.
Hell yeah. Another disciple of Khonshu.
I watched it as a kid. I loved it although I don't recall much of it. Once I saw he was Henry Allen, I knew the new Flash was gonna be a great show.
What a strange thing to ask. Here's an iconic comic book family you probably know about, but don't research the part and don't read comics. That honestly makes 0 sense to me.
You seem to be in the very small minority.
I feel like Tasky has the potential to be a A-list villain but no one ever uses him to his potential.
I went hybrid on Gambit. He's a bit tougher to do stuff on than my MK even with the same upgrades on gear.
MKs nerf wasn't as bad as it was made out to be. We lost some mitigation but gained more DPS from avatar being buffed. Honestly it made the gameplay way more fun.
I just powered him to 60 over the weekend and he's great fun. Dash in and out of fights. And once those combos land the big numbers fly.
Moon Knight.
I was hoping the art gallery Vanessa worked at in Daredevil was a hint at Marc Spector being introduced.
This is what I do every Monday. I pick a new hero I haven't played or worked on in a while and I push them to at least 50. Keeps the game interesting and it helps me find a hero I might like.
The first couple episodes had a yellow tint to them. That was the homage.
Apparently I was way off. It was his dad's boxing robe apparently. But I did read something that said it. But ofc I can't find the source. Who knows.
Second this. I refuse to play anyone else beyond just leveling to 50+ because I absolutely LOVE his mechanics.
Did you read the book? It explains it. I was a bit skeptical too until I read the series. And it was damn good.
Want me to spoil it? It's a fun read.
Yeah that struck me in a bad way, but wasn't it a different writer for that book?
Since I main Moon Knight I save Cestus and Spiked Gauntlet since they are my main 2 attacks. I also save my signatures cubes as well. Honestly I think it just depends on your spec.
Only thing I got is he was still Thor when everyone else picked it up. They've heavily implied the hammer is sentient.
Moon Knight is far from what he wants.
He gave it up. It's not like she beat him in a fight. (Although I'm sure she would have lost) He tried to will the hammer back but it chose Jane Foster.
Crescent fan is the closest to a aoe MK has but it's not a hold down and decimate button. Doesn't suit MKs play style of low hp/spirit.
I don't even use it in my current build. Kinda lackluster and CF does more damage with the bleed tick.
Dunno why this isn't at the top.
You gave me a heart attack at work before I saw your edit. I was gonna be a mad sonofabitch if I lost my whole purple prestige and all my comms from this morning.
I can confirm if you bought a hero/costume in the last week, you'll log into the BOGO boxes.
Start the game through the actual steam client and it should que up the patch download.
If it was within a week, yes
Idk man. That worked for me. Maybe restart steam?
Project Titan? The canceled Blizz game?
I got her xforce costume from my bogo box.
Yeah that's why I wanna go with it now instead of later.
I still have red and orange to go through so I don't think I'll have time to cosmic
I can't wait for that costume. I honestly check the store everyday hoping they stealth added it.
Batrocs, Pelt, Spear, Xorn, Kraven, and Lat Cloak.
I prestiged MK orange and red between last night (logged off at orange 50 to watch Seinfeld with the wife) and finished red up around 8am. Debating the cosmic grind now.
Then they should have made it a Matrix from the get-go and not MKI
What sucks the most is I used it to determine if I liked a hero enough to buy them (Starlord), made me think about buying them (Ms. Marvel is only 100 ES from being bought) or made me not like them at all (I'm looking at you Ghost Rider). Bummer since I had a few more to test out (Psylocke, Taskmaster and Venom)
I got one. Vikstyn IGN
If you can kill cosmic terms in a timely manner then go for it. If not then having massive amounts of hp defeats the purpose.
I opened all mine. Kravens Vest, Batrocs Boots, Lat Cloak, both ManApe uniques and Shocker Gauntlets are what I've got. I say go for it. Open em all.
Is this high school?
How many posts are you gonna make crying about the same thing?
I'm trying to grasp as to what Gaz owes you. They're providing a FREE game for you to enjoy and you bring nonsense entitlement that they OWE you something. You act like you're the only one who bought boosts for the weekend (you're not) and got a less than satisfactory leveling experience (you're not the only one). Instead of being pissed about it, why not wait and see what's going to be said and done to remedy the situation. Edit: I came off soundin like a prick and that wasn't my intention. Everyone is upset like you. Instead of being brash, give it a day or 2.
I'm pretty sure you can get enough shards on the second log in day to get a hero to level to 60 to raid on.
https://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/135118/list-of-artifacts-runes-insigs-current-ongoing-prices-and-trading-courtesy/p1
Anytime. It's dated but it's a starting ground.
I'm with you. Huge difference between a power and a gun/wrist cannon
Moon Knight from Blue to Red prestige (orange and red in one day) Ms Marvel to 60 Hawkguy to 60 Finished capping heroes from 30 to 50 (Wolverine, Thor, Storm) And grinded out about 509+ omegas with no boosts
AFAIK Ms Marvel got her unis sorted out.
Haha thanks BBV. I'm sure my wife is THRILLED with my current state of heroes.
No Moon Knight..
DC is scrambling to catch Marvel at this point. Not including the TV shows in the DCmovieverse hurts them in the long run too.
He's fun, but if you want to buy him I'd say no. Random box like I got him he was a fun level.
I'm sure my red named Moon Knight impresses her.
I saw a Werewolf by Night book coming. Maybe he will be in there
That I don't know. Haven't done one on him and I usually raid on MK
http://www.bleedingcool.com/2015/06/28/60-confirmed-expected-rumoured-and-assumed-marvel-titles/
I just hope he's not like he was in Secret Wars Journal.
There's a difference between being interested in that stuff and committing murders..
The story explains why there's tons of the same hero. But seriously I hope this is a joke.
Let's see. You just called the main guy of a game you play a fat moronic slob in so many words and you got banned but claim you're "not surprised"? Give me a break. There's no place for that shit anywhere. Matter of fact, call your boss that and see where you end up. They don't owe you shit. Stop acting like they do.
Slap subpar gear on a non-Godtier hero and tell me how that works out for you.
You only get them for log in gifts.
They probably realize not everyone is gonna go opening night to see BvS. Makes perfect sense to me.
Such a slow and boring process. Story 100% with a MM or a LQ or 2 thrown in.
IF does cost Chi if you have it to spend.
It's been said Elektra is in this season.
The anaconda from Anaconda?
Not announced yet. And why not play now? Get a hero established.
I hope you're kidding. She had 2 weeks on TC while the rest had a week at most. The less than stellar feedback on Kitty was so bad they basically had to redo a few skills.
I know we don't ever get along but I back this 100%.
Oh chicken little, the sky isn't falling..
Minority Report.
Zoolander
They nerfed the XP from terms to prevent boss rushing for omegas. But CMM on Mondays is where it's at.
Equip relics on any hero to save space. It's not too expensive to unbind them.
Time to unsub from wtf I guess.
Yup Universal has him on lock.
What he said. Also I was awaiting your comment here.
Holy shit. I almost wanna join that campaign for Carnage now.
That has 0 to do with it. They haven't patched since before Xmas.
You're right. I heard e-u-n-o-y-m-euonym!!
What does that have to do with it. WoW would be down every Tuesday for hours and they have a lot more employees than Gaz does. They also haven't patched since Iron Fist, which was the week before Xmas. Shit breaks, especially in a months time.
I have a feeling he's gonna be Doom 2.0. Summons tree with a melee side.
So you've been banned since beta. That's neat.
Says the guy that deleted the post. Go grab another drink.
Don't you know that one? Jean is in the middle of it.
Do you have a link? I've never seen it or the rebuttal.
Why are they shitting on him?
I remember it being awesome and a highlight of the prequels. So I watched it on YouTube a couple weeks ago. It's pretty awkward and not as great as I remembered.
If you and your lady friend are interested, my SG is teaching Axis to the inexperienced players we have. Send me a PM and we can chat if ya like.
Well Matt's issue is the religious aspect. In the comics, at least, he walks the grey area between what he feels he should do as Daredevil versus the Catholic faith and being a servant of the law. Hes a very complex character that struggles with the right (being a Catholic lawyer) and wrong (being a vigilante while having this stigma).
I didn't watch the clip you posted but it's the tank scene in IM1 right? I think excessive force was allowed for Cap and IM. It's always for the greater good. But if DD was killing people in Hells Kitchen, it would bring more attention to himself than he possibly wanted. Hence the all black Man Without Fear costume and hiding in shadows.
Maul is a badass that was severely underused.
He didn't kill Kingpin.
It's the value of items. Like mane is 15+ GoKs, SWGN is 5-6 GoKs, etc.
Was it the Guardians bug?
Dammit. I think you're right.
It's a figure of speech. I dont need to look it up.
What has he been in recently thats good?
That's not what I asked. He's been in some good stuff and I even like Wild Wild West and I'm looking forward to him being Deadshot in Suicide Squad.
Never thought I would see the day the bad overdub of that scene would be relevant.
Was it Fido?
Do you even know Super Skrull??
What I mean is, you should know why he has rock hands.
Well he was a Skull champion. He got modified to have all of the FF powers. He's a great character and played a part in the first few issues of Annihilation.
https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelheroes/comments/41apmj/up_to_date_trade_values/ Same one was posted 4 days ago. Did you not use the search feature?
Reggie is my most hated player and favorite player. Dude could shoot the lights out.
That son of a bitch!
I was hoping its Ms. Marvel taking Surfers spot.
Gunn doesn't like Nova so he won't show up.
They have. Moon Knight got his texture pass a couple months ago and it's for the better. I get it, you like how the original looks, and unfortunately you're in the minority. Everyone is getting touched up eventually. It's just something you have to come to grasp.
That's not even in the same ballpark. As far as I know, every single costume is getting updated. Whether you like it or not. Agree to disagree I guess.
Nope.
His 30 for 30 is so good.
Nope. She's gonna be the lawyer for Danny Rand and help run Rand Industries.
He doesn't like fighting Moonie because he's crazy and doesn't know what he's gonna do.
Crank?
Yup.
No. Have you ever seen something and you don't know why but it's just off? That's how I feel about this.
Only you it seems.
..are you serious? You can see his skin color on his neck.
Other than the old mans Viper, the only other time I know for a fact we see a tail number is in Season 4 with Kara. (don't want to spoil it for people that haven't seen it yet)
Would you wanna play with a sore loser Wookie? I know I'd like to keep my arms in their sockets.
I read the article on it this morning on ESPN. The fact LeBron basically muscled Blatt out is awful. It wasn't til this year that LeBron didn't talk bad about him. I wonder if he could file a grievance at least.
Yup. Last money I'll spend on this game.
I'm still convinced it's Jacen and Jaina Solo, but different names/situations.
Exactly. Look how far X-Files got without David. He was in 14 of 42 episodes over the last 2 seasons and it tanked.
He already was.
I was on that shortly after it got on the market. I had to stop taking it cuz of all the weird shit that was going on.
Deuce Bigalow Male Gigalo
That's exactly what a City Mac would say.
I just did that last night and had the option to choke her out but didn't. Now I'm curious what would happen if I did.
Hmm. That's interesting. I also refused all of Valkorions help. Except to save Lana. Playing a JK puts a damper on having fun.
It's his mom he calls. I don't wanna give away too much who she is but in the comics she leaves and goes somewhere Matt frequents. He also had enough money to go to a New York Law School. I looked up Columbia Law School and it's $65000. That's just under $200,000 for just law school alone. Not to mention the years of college beforehand.
You can easily solo Bovenheim. 99% of the time if you tell the group you're spam running portals, they'll stay with you.
I just reinstalled after a long break and picked up my Sorc healer again. My advice is to find a healer and bully him the whole group fight. Interrupt them, push them back, and just be a general pain in the ass. TLDR: Be a menace and don't chase.
The greater good.
They said it'll increase some, but not over the top.
I mean, it's not funny and a shitpost.
I just got a week warning for telling someone to stop complaining about Jeans eyelashes bugging out and actually report real game breaker bugs. You said they're taking people's money before shutting off servers in so many words.
Thanks!! Man it's hard not to like that guy. Hope the Unicorn name sticks.
Who called a blind actor? CC won an award from a blind persons organization and he worked with blind people to see how they react to things.
Not even close. Ghost got into some shit with Action Bronson over a miscommunication. What do you think he's gonna do to this kid?
Completely wrong. They need approval to even make it. What happened is there's a bug on his weapons and they held it back til it's fixed.
I mean you could read patch notes.
Then I guess people getting it from the blender are liars eh?
Exactly. The point is, the company I work for pays me for my services. They can't tell me what I can do with that money. Just like we can't tell him what to do with his.
Because they're already in the game. The SL variant is behind a card, which got released that following week after someone blended it. If Marvel didn't want this costume in the game, it wouldn't have been OK'd from the get go.
Once Alaska came out, BTBAM moved on from that side and went more progressive. They understood what they needed to do as a band and musicians. I don't think I've ever seen a band grow musically like them. From Prayer for Cleansing to their current BTBAM stuff, it's incredible.
They also gave out new fortune cards to make up for it. And the coffers are back on. But even if you checked the forums for a few minutes, you would have seen something about it, possibly in the Dev Tracker.
The portals going to story zones tell you what level each zone is.
Hustons run was great and a better starting spot than this run.
Kate Bishop.
She could easily pull off early 20s.
Funny seeing you here.
The mental illness makes the character. If you drop that, he's just another boring antihero.
Nope. Underwater aliens while a hurricane happens on the surface.
Can't say I hate it. The art is beautiful but it's so boring.
Buy the bundle. Even at cosmic, you'll get a default.
Moon Knight is my main. Axe is superior to any other legendary you could put on him.
Anytime. The reason Axe &gt; all is all of MKs skills are physical damage including the bleeds. It's a lot of extra physical damage for someone that's pure phys.
He's meant to be played low spirit and hp. Very easy rotation too. Bolas, fan, dart for bleeds and CGP to lower spirit to about 30% then use Spiked Gauntlets as filler. Rinse repeat. Once you build tribute use statue and sig together.
Half off teamups and fortune favors you.
Won't happen. All costumes have to be approved by Marvel. And since this isn't canon, it won't be made.
There's a good ranged build in the MK forums on the MH site.
Who lotta wishful thinking.
Read patch notes.
Antman and Star Lord.
Saw this the other day. Only 5 Asian countries get the honor of getting one.
He plays low spirit and hp.
MCU is Earth-1999999 or something.
I did too. Once it just ended I just stood up and said "What??!" and walked out. I have never been so disappointed in a movie in my life.
Second time I've seen someone say that exact thing.
Antman has said "ice wall" as well.
Cups increase time. Bars are stacking. Iridium and Green XP bars stack separately. They also tell you on the item description what they do.
It's not a mystery achievement. It's for the 3rd anniversary using TU Cap to kill Red Skull. In no way shape or form does it mean a sale is happening.
I'm into hard sci fi, fantasy is all bullshit.
Party Down. Great show, highly recommended.
Melee Emma.
He's my favorite character on the show.
Everyone in that show is great. Adam Scott is one of my favorite tv actors. But the writing is great and all the characters have their time to shine. Just wait til season 2 episode 1 with Jackal Onassis.
L.A. Confidential?
How can I get 2 of both awesome mix and SH5?
I live in Nashville so we have the Sounds. Former AAA of Milwaukee and now for the A's. And I love the Yankees.
It has everything you're looking for. Action. Buddy cop comedy. Romance. Sci-FI. Campy factor turned to 10. It's one of my favorite movies and I've seen it hundreds of times and never gets old.
That's pretty rude.
Witches love paprika.
Kinda depends on who you play. Elektra is now a staple for physical heroes with 2% phys and 3% boss damage.
They've stayed "tech restrictions" on why boxes can't and won't stack.
Because those are set levels. The others aren't and from what I've gathered, that's why MM/Odins don't stack. As for Reqs, no clue. That one I'm lost on.
Loot while you're killing. You dont have to hit every boss on clone wave. Even if you get 3 plus Superior that's still a good haul. You can't blame the game for losing loot when you could have grabbed it right away.
Not even close.
The thing is you don't knowing he's really the Avatar of Khonshu or if he's just crazy. But even then, you don't know if that's even true. The appeal to me, besides the mental illness, is he's a normal guy. He has no super powers and puts his body through hell to fight crime. He stands toe to toe with Gods and Superpowered beings and never backs down.
Loki is also weak. He's in a bad spot and the Ruiner build probably won't be updated until they fix Loki.
Now, should we initiate a recall? Take the number of vehicles in the field, A, multiply by the probable rate of failure, B, multiply by the average out-of-court settlement, C. A times B times C equals X. If X is less than the cost of a recall, we don't do one.
People make weekly threads wanting cosmic story and being able to level with friends. DCL is Gaz killing 2 birds with one stone.
Only time I level is a new hero or prestiging, and even then I bang out to the color I want and don't stop til I do. Stackable boxes would be nice, but it'll more than likely hurt stash money so I can see why they're slow implementing it. Only way I see it happening is cosmic Reqs stacking and maybe the rest to a certain number. Even if it's 5 or 10 as to not be abused as hard.
He's a hot mess. The one hero I was looking forward to as a day one buy, but now I might just wait it out.
Just a heads up pro tip, use a teleporter to get to Dooms door then change to one of the FF. Saves a lot of time.
Pork roll.
Marvel Heroes.
Red Skull. Thanos. Loki. Ultron. Kingpin.
It's mine too. The new ones look too military IMO.
Now that you have the waypoints unlocked, just boss rush them. Mix in a few LQs and a Hightown for uniques and you're set.
Same. I was cosmic grinding Elektra and didnt notice anything.
He said A List villain before the MCU. Not other franchise.
It's missing MK #1 Schizophrenic cover tribute of Schoolboy Q.
There's a couple nodes, but it's not worth it.
Hi Michael big fan. How has martial arts helped you in life? Do you have any advice for parents with children in martial art programs?
Oh fuck my life.
Close. Clint saved him from Russian thugs and gave him pizza. When the thugs jumped him, the dog helped and Clint took him to the vet and saved his life.
Pulp Fiction
I've smelled what he was cooking though.
Kraven IMO.
Yes, it's been mentioned numerous times.
G sale right now.
Nope.
Do story mode at appropriate levels as well. To add on to this as well, get an invite to inside the helicarrier for Chapter 10 at 58. Doing everything up to the Hightown section (can't go further than that) is enough XP to hit 59 in under 15 minutes.
11 months out of the year people complain it doesn't drop enough and anniversary month people complain too much drops. No one is ever happy.
I've already full spectrum prestiged Nova and Taskmaster and Elektra is cosmic 52.
Where did I say that? No where.
I guess you can't read. I said go to Chapter 10 at 58 and within 15 minutes you'll be 59.
Honestly I would want FF in the MCU. Since Infinity War is coming, Surfer played a big role in the comic and I could see Marvel trying for at least him in IW with a FF movie in phase 4. Give Fox rights to the X-family they don't currently own to do whatever with and MCU gets FF and its associated universe.
The 36 pack is on sale for cheap. Just buy it from the store.
I would just story mode. If you need boxes just hit a MM for a wave or 3.
Just wrapped on Defenders? Last I heard it hasn't even started filming yet.
It got moved to day 7.
Send an email to the appeals email or reply to the one they sent you.
Appeals@marvelheroes.com
It's not needed. Since it's a spammable attack, hold off on the last hit until the mob stands still.
He fucking hates ghosts.
They never ever answer.
100% agree. I'm 37. Saw the re-releases in theaters in 97 or so. That's the sci-fi I remember growing be up on.
No.
Then turn off HP bars on mobs?
No. Cosmic medallions drop from time to time. Cosmic Reqs drops them more frequently.
Top 10%. It also tells you on the leaderboard tab. The little i did you hover over it.
I would be the raging volcano.
Tin foil hat. Maybe they are and that's why Cary pulled out. Maybe they wanted him to link it to The Dark Tower and he was against it.
3 manning is probably the sweet spot.
How is he an idiot? Maybe he didn't want to link the movies. Can't fault the guy for that. That's idiotic.
Couldn't even wait a day to repost eh?
Or, you know, actually use it so it doesn't "take up that inventory space".
Deeds will not be less valiant if they are unpraised.
Or he could have been an adult and ignored it. Not everyone is gonna like every single thing you do. Either accept that or ban people that don't like a song.
Man goddamn that'd be perfect if I wasn't alliance.
Even if you find a lower level one, it'll still work for the turn in.
1. The game has been out since June 2013. If you played it then you'd know it has gone through a lot of changes. So your "out 4-5 years" is completely false. 2. Originally the story mode ended at Doom. So the Asgard and Skrull levels came after naturally. 3. Sometimes games aren't for you and that's ok. Instead of crying about what gets added or doesn't, just stop playing. Trust me, you won't miss it.
Haven't finished tuning the class yet??! Are you kidding me?? It's 3+ months into this expansion. The tuning should have been done to everyone before release. And not before a tier raid comes.
You can be judgemental, but you also have to put things in perspective. They lost a lot of the top guys over the last 1.5 years so a lot of ideas for the game changed. Shit, even in the last year you can notice a sharp change once Asros took over from Ry and Brevik leaving. Saying they don't put out new content over more costumes/heroes is also a debatable argument. They've added a couple new events, but even a couple of those were a rehash of prior events like the ARMOR one. For every person with your complaint, there's someone content with the game.
The article tells you..
Whoosh. I'm a moron.
Hela is gonna play the Death role for Thanos. I doubt she's gonna be a weak villain.
I full color prestiged Iron Fist the weekend he released last year in 8 hours. Granted I also had 1200% xp bonus on top of the Winter event. The only thing I sat on were boosts from the time he was announced to be next and used them all.
I mean, yeah sure all that. But why is his stage name taken from a movie star? Why are his band members stage names the same? Actions speak louder than words, and his decision to glorify movie stars and models CAN be a bad influence on kids. I guess you don't wanna talk about the flip side to that argument eh?
Gotta know when to dump chi and energy and when to pool both. Not double down on a skill to keep Hit Combo up. If you use Serenity, know when to line up cooldown a for the burst.
SEF finally getting fixed.
Blind is back for all specs, I believe, in 7.1.5. It'll help a lot with Sin. Find a good disc priest and roll yourself to wins.
No thanks. There's a reason they didn't bring them back for D3.
*eyeroll*
No one has ever queued for Ultron. It's always been a LFG deal.
This whole sub pretty much.
Could be that your main attacks are a flip kick and a skill called Tiger Palm..
That's what I told some guys at work when we looked at those charts. The first 12 specs (not counting SPriests) are all within 7 points from the chart we saw. That's damn close if I do say so.
Is it still only newer accounts getting the good luck?
The Faculty?
You obviously do enough to comment.
What Dreams May Come?
Nope.
Leaving a reminder for myself to get in touch.
False. 70 for DK and 100 for DH.
Huttball was the shit.
Kendrick Lamar - Good kid, MAAD city Ghostface Killah - Twelve Reasons to Die Prince Paul - A Prince Amongst Thieves The Minstrel Show - Little Brother Lupe Fiasco - The Cool
Man Big KRIT is so fucking good.
You play US or EU?
Yup let's jump the gun after 2 days.
She was referring to Jackrabbit Slims with that line.
From the script: VINCENT - What the fuck is this place? MIA - This is Jackrabbit Slim's. An Elvis man should love it. So she's referring to JRS using a phrase from a deleted scene.
Thanks! Pretty scary deal sitting at work not knowing for a while.
I've been looking for someone to run some 2s with.
You're* by the way. If you're gonna call someone an idiot, at least use the correct word.
I play summoner Loki. Illusions do no damage. Exploding them does no damage. I guess if I want to play him, I'm forced into the new skills they made...which is really fucking shitty. Psylockes clones also feel the same way. Assassinate does no damage from the clones at all. Overall I'm disappointed it didn't live up to the hype and fanfare some people gave it while on TC and I really hoped it would pull me back in; not push me away even further.
Midnight doesn't fly.
Being one shot by trash isn't making the game harder. There's always ebb and flow but the ebb is there but no flow. It's bad choices to release it that way.
Exactly. Making people feel like they are back to level 1 with white gear is a shitty thing to do. Releasing this without a tuning pass is even worse.
Well to be fair, you didn't either. Maybe OP is from a country that's not the US?
I thought the same but it's still 16.4 million to level
Shit I realize my mistake. Early work on a weekend and no coffee. It's 16.4 million per orb. Not affected by boosts.
Are you serious?
Paladin pvp sets in Wrath were classical in design.
Monk looks good except for that helm. Why do they insist on animal helms?
"Can I get some context on this"
I use Wrathful on mine. It's just too nice.
There's certainly not more people playing. Might be a spike due to the update, but the game was pushing an all time low per Steam numbers.
Look at pictures of them with beards. He could pass as a older Reed.
Any boss can drop anything, but it's more of a chance if it's their own specific gear, I.e. SWGN off Man-Ape.
One shot mechanics have and still do exist. Look at almost every thread since the patch hit and a lot of people are saying it. You can tell people to build more defensively, but that only goes so far until you can't kill anything. "Then stick to Normal or Heroic. Some people like this style of game." Why should I do them? I'm not asking for speed runs like old, but 10 minutes for a Doom term? That's fucking ridiculous. There's what, 12 terms? That's 2 hours to clear them for shards! Who has that kinda time?
This game isn't just for you, nor is it Monster Hunter so stop comparing the 2. It's overturned. Plain and simple. I'm sorry that's what you want, but maybe you should play something else or wait for the hardest difficulties to be added. See how ridiculous that sounds? If I want to log on for an hour and burn through cosmic terms I know, as of right now, I'm only gonna get maybe 5 done. Prior to the update, I could knock out all 3 colors and have time to spare. I can see now that the discussion you wanted is for the like-minded and not for people that can see the issues.
Never said it was hard. It takes too long. Reread what I said.
You keep going back to the "Don't do Cosmic" thing. I have a lot of heroes well geared. A couple I know can't do cosmic, but I tried anyways. And why would I not push myself to do the hardest content if I have the heroes to do it. I have spare gear for more dps or more defense. What I don't have is spare time. What it boils down to is time vs investment. I wouldn't dare use boosts on this right now because the ROI is really bad.
You're right. They can be a good thing. I should have clarified about trash one shots and boss skills that never one shot before killing you.
He's really good. Good survivability. Nice damage. He's a str/fighting hero so super easy to build.
I'm more than geared for it. Thanks.
Panther mount in ZG.
Only the Midnight Bomber who bombs at midnight.
Right there with ya.
Billy Witchdoctor dotcom
John Wick - He's a candle maker.
You do know they kept a lot of his stuff in the movie right? He didn't want it connected to the MCU and Disney had other plans.
Use the links on the sidebar.
They have a 7 day grace on purchases so I expect that to be upheld.
Not only that, but if he has the Founder Pack, he gave them a lot of money before the game even launched.
I need this in my life.
His arm doesn't fire energy, you're thinking of Klaw. And I'm sure SS wasn't mentioned for the cameo.
I've moved talents and gear around on mine and he's still sorta meh to me too.
You should see if the mods would give you a sticky for your guides. That way you can edit or add a reply for the new ones.
That's a good idea. It'd be nice to find videos for the new stuff for people in a central location.
That's a short story.
Convoy?
It's taken almost a year to fix this. And it's still not done.
That's the truth.
Funny enough, that's my season goal. We started strong out the gate but slid down some. Sitting right at .500 and this team is way better than the rankings.
Because this looked like shit from release a year ago.
It would be nice if Carpet Bomb actually gave back spirit if you talent into it.
Why has it taken a year to get fixed?
I play Tap Sports Baseball. Only hitting though and you'll have shit players for a while. But it's free.
I'll play for a while then delete it and reinstall eventually. I have Eric Hosmer and he's killin it.
He's a suitor.
If that's the case, they'd have fixed it when it was released all fucked up.
Legion isn't out yet so that's why you haven't seen it.
It'll tell you what sold if you're ingame when it sells. And it should when you collect your mail.
Then you're not seeing it in your chat. You also can't see what you sold because it's not on the AH anymore.
Actually, after the first season, FX told them to bring in a star or the show was canceled. That's why Devito is in season 2.
What a fucked episode that one was.
Then use LFG when people are looking for raids.
Regular walking, like most aerobic activities, is good for you because cardio-vascular exercise strengthens the heart and lungs, increasing overall fitness. Together with diet and other exercise plans, it can also help with weight loss and tone up muscles.
Well that did make him a perfect fit for Nite Owl.
I read this on Unlimited one night last year. Such a great read.
Not to be a dick but you should probably read patch notes. Having someone put 2 years worth of changes down for you is a lot of work.
Because it's about dock workers?
Funk is definitely a genre.
Well here's [Wikipedias](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Funk) take on what makes Funk a genre. Progressive, on the other hand, is used to set apart a style of music from its contemporary peers. I would put Frank Zappa in progressive but not Bob Dylan.
They've said numerous times prestige is optional. And no, you don't have to do Trial over again.
Pork Roll. 100%.
I work in trucking. If he has a loaded trailer, he's roughly 75000 lbs. from freight, trailer, and truck. If one of our drivers hard brakes, he's going to shift his load possibly and have it refused or not be able to stop in time and cause an accident. Now we're looking at wasted time from our side, damaged goods from our customer and a pissed off consignee that just received said damaged goods.
A UFO. I was probably about 8. Me and 3 friends were having a camp out in one of the kids backyard. About 9 or10 that night we were doing what 8 year olds do when I looked up and saw some flashing lights rise straight up over a hill a few miles away. Once it got high enough, it took off diagonally so incredibly fast. We all kinda stopped and watched it fly off. Not even 2 minutes later we saw helicopters flying around the same spot the UFO took off from. We decided to stay inside that night.
That's what I thought, but this was 20 miles north of Nashville in 1986-87and there's no Secret airbase around. Who knows really.
Ball lightning doesn't and didn't look like what I saw.
Circle..?
I only stay subbed for the Monday Box Office thread and new movie trailers.
Batroc the Leaper.
I had a full 5 stack of xp on Angela when I quit a couple months back working on her cosmic. I did 42-60 in story mode, but it took me all the way to Heimdal to finally finish with a few LQs tossed in.
Minority Report?
Goddamn. I would put that on Blade or Shulkie.
Adam Warrock?
You would still lose with only a single Pens goal.
I live in Nashville. Been a Pens fan since 92. This is a tough series since I like em both.
I was going to buy tickets to Game 3, but nosebleeds at Bridgestone were $700+.
How many times are you going post this?
A commonly made error in English is the mixing up of the words alot, allot and a lot. In fact, the word "alot" does not even exist. Downvoting me **a lot** doesn't mean you're all right.
Could Ells play third at all to move Headley out?
Everyone keeps comparing the 2 and saying this one is a reboot when it's not. It's a lot closer to the Karloff Mummy.
The Artis are worth it due to the fact they don't drop and are only available during the CW event. I'm pretty sure they aren't cosmic during the CW event either.
Drive a bit faster with the windows down. Source: I lived in the South with a car with no AC a few years back.
Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo.
Sore losers.
The games the Yanks won, they won big but lost with no run support.
As an American, I'd take Wright over Apatow.
Trout looks like an extra on Thumb Wars.
She's like 6'2. I told my wife she's my freebie if Lucy Liu is unavailable.
I think SJ will win a cup the year they trade him off like Boston did.
Apparently I lost 6 years of my life somewhere. I swear they won the year he got traded.
Or AFKing at Nessingwary's Camp.
It's not. D.C. has a map to real life cities and they have Jersey City as Gotham.
Healing Winds was added in Legion. This is very obviously older.
I play on a pve server. PM me your bnet and you can hop over any time you need to if I'm on.
He could blame it on the rain.
I'd take that over what my planned name was before my mom told them to fuck off. Roy Gilbert (not saying my last name) III. Trey for short, because my dad and his parents think they're clever.
You can most certainly pug normal NH without AotC and probably even heroic NH as well.
That's complete bs. A friend of mine just pugged heroic NH last night to get AotC. If one group doesn't take you, then look for another. Or better yet, start your own.
Super cool! Where'd ya get it from?
Red around the shield and pinstripes on white where the red bar is?
He was born in NJ.
Very unexpected The Stand comment. Thanks!
Probably a transplant of that other Yankees sub.
Sickle cell complications from what I saw in r/hiphopheads.
Wright wanted a more stand alone film but Disney/Marvel wanted to tie it in. Notably Falcon being in the movie.
Vegas Knights sounds like a Rat Pack movie. Sign me up.
Not related but I used to live in Oswego and saw the Lakers play a very long time ago.
He got the only one that matters.
This whole sub is on suicide watch. It's fucking ridiculous to even try to make sense of what half these people are talking about. We should listen for offers for anyone on this team, but make the price so high on who we want to keep.
It is.
CS:GO was probably first.
How'd I forget about hats?!
No thanks. It would be a unnecessary sequel.
It's still the 25th in the States.
Hopefully never.
It's absolutely cashing in on panic. They removed all FF NPCs a month or 3 ago so I'm sure they knew then that they were coming out of the game.
Because he did.
But I though Phil gave him that NTC /s
Tell that to the guilds still going for World Firsts in WoW.
I don't buy it. They took out all FF vendors months ago. They knew then.
Come on man. Don't go that route. All comics have a bit of sci-if to them.
Where did they print that?
VENDORS. I didn't say shit about costumes.
Ok. A man uses a suit to fly around in to fight crime. It's fiction but he's also a scientist.
Porzingis be praised. ..I got nothing.
Mister F as a vendor/NPC. He was in the training room and now it's Antman or Beast. I don't remember.
I have a few friends that started playing this game, but I can't get past the pay gate. I shouldn't have to pay money to get loot, or to trade, or to do anything else hidden behind that. Unless they change it to something a bit more friendly, I see myself hard passing on it.
Oh I am. That's the reply.
I did it this morning and not a single boss spawned them so it's kind of moot.
He was VP of the Nets in the late 90s.
Joey Cora then Tim Raines for the last half of the season.
You said no experience. But yet he does have experience. Which is it?
You're also on expert at lvl 38. It'll even out by the time you hit 50 and move up some difficulty.
