That's an interesting angle to think of it from. There are two types of virtualization possible today, seperated into two types, based on how they work: * Type 1 Hypervisor - software virtualization, runs as a program from within another OS. Has very significant performance impacts and generally less customization. * Type 2 Hypervisor - a super slimmed down OS made just for virtualization is either laid down on the hardware from the date the system is stood up, or shimmed in between the previous OS and bare metal later. Hyper-V is a type 2 hypervisor. It's the free and awesome virtualizaion platform made by Microsoft, and built in (but not enabled by default) on Windows 8 and up). What you can do from Windows 8 and up is use your PC, get it configured the way you want to as your daily driver machine. When you're ready, Add the Windows Feature for HyperV. Now, some low level things happen. Hyper-V is turned on, and transparently becomes the actual Operating System running on your hardware (the 'bare metal' hypervisor, it is called). Your host OS, the OS you were running pre-Virtualization, becomes a special type of deified VM called the host partition, which is basically a VM which is able to see the physical devices on your computer. The cool thing about it is that you still log on to your host OS when you use the system, you just access child VMs using the Hyper-V application. Super cool, it's how myself and my colleagues do use-case testing for our clients all day, every day. Any future VMs created on the system are sometimes referred to a child partitions, and they can only see a subset of virtual references to these hardware devices. There do exist technologies to map a GPU thru the bare-metal to a child VM, for instance. Another common use case is to map certain harddrives or arrays of drives through to child VMs, commonly called pass-thru disks. You'll find that people readily attempt to hack out of the VM sandbox to touch the host OS, but Virtualization by its very nature with Type 2 HyperVisors almost inhibit it from the get go. Type 1 Hypervisors are much, much more susceptible to the sorts of attacks you suggest. So, I kind of rambled a bit, but you seemed to be interested in this sort of thing, so I hope you liked the read :)
&gt; If I use a more consumer friendly OS like any of the various Linuxes LOL. So, just to be clear, out of the box, all hypervisors will do a pretty good job of sandboxing VMs away from the host. The software hypervisors just do a worse job of it, because there already is an OS running on bare metal, and it's not them! Sometimes you need to pass-through physical devices to a VM, I was just giving you some use cases here. When you use those technologies though, your VMs become inherently less portable, because they become dependent on a given hardware configuration.
Microsoft currently sells through third party companies like Dell, and Hp a 'Get Genuine Kit', which is basically a 'sign here, don't do it again and give us $20' deal to go from illegitimate to legitimate Windows. I expect they'll use this mechanism again. Edit: just so you all know, we do NOT know how much the Get Genuine Kits will cost for Windows 10, should Microsoft go that route. It has been heavily suggested that it will happen, but nothing set in stone, yet.
Somehow this serves to make your TV look super small. I like it though!
What's the experience like, going VPN on a mobile? Do you have a big drop as the VPN reconnects when your phone changes towers? Are there any serious quality of life impacts I'll incur, moving to always VPN?
It is very, very common practice to block outbound VPN tunnels from within a corporate network. Before you think you could scale corporate notice, you should understand two things: * your VPN may never work while connected to the corporate LAN * your using a VPN would be a huge red flag and likely could start a series of events that would end in your termination It's super sketchy to VPN out from a corporate network, and if it even does work, many corporate services like email, chat and fileshare access could be impacted (broken) if your VPN establishes.
It's true, my wife and I have reconsidered travel because of the absurdity of our security theatre here in the states.
Remind me! One day.
Does she still have the eyeball?
All these do is make certain worms (which live in your lower gi tract) not want to live there any more. If a parasite doesn't live in your gut, if wouldn't work.
What is a modal? Is it like an interstitial?
Seconded! Pretty sure the game feature allows the phone to clock higher for longer. I turned it on today and noticed a ton of beat that I didn't feel yesterday.
I went to an Aikido exhibition when I was about 25 or so. A young lady, maybe fourteen or so asked if I wanted to try to throw her. I obliged, noting the soft and springy mats on the floor as I stepped towards her. I'm still not quite sure what she did to my arm, but when she had my wrist and twisted, it hurt so badly when I tried to resist her that I pretty much had to go with the motion. This involved me inadvertantly spinning in some crazy flipping motion, just like the guys you see here in this video. As it turns out, we're pretty much hard wired to avoid pain and will do almost anything to prevent permanent damage to our person, even if that means spiraling or twisting into bizarre shapes and patterns. I think that if I'd been willing to let her hurt my arm, sure, I probably could have punched her a few times or stomped her foot or something. For the avergae person, not accustomed to alarming amounts of pain in critical joints of your body? There's really no contest, they'll go flipping and whirrling around to get the 'Oh crap this is about to break' sensation to stop. My friends thought it was hysterical that a little girl could throw me all over the place, and really loved that I scurried away from her on my butt. I'm no dummy though, one time was enough.
Dude, them icons in your tray are out of control.
Totally agree, I don't really like most of the popular videos or posts here anymore, and YouTube does a much better job finding me bizarre videos that I can listen to while working. Frankly, this place is becoming a hive for talking about the content creators, not the content itself.
Just don't do what this guy did. I had two beers on my wedding, and still kind of regret that my cheeks are a bit rosey in some of the pics. I couldn't imagine doing this to my wife, frankly.
1. This one is super weird, even by EphermeralRift standards.
Hey guys, I didn't forget about you. I've finally finished my one-click Domain Controller build here on the ol' blog. If you haven't seen the series, that's fine, this is a great starting point for anyone interested in DSC, or who just wants to get a domain controller up and running in the minimal amount of time and worry!
Dint worry, you're not shadow banned. Here I just gave you a down vote.
... Do you see what's happening recently? I don't think they care much about the users anymore.
The tricky part as I see it is that you can only do partial configs when you have a pull server. That's not hard to set up, but its an extra layer of complexity. And then layering the configs is...bleh. It's like managing group policy inheritance with no Group Policy Management console. I feel like I'm working with the raw API and just hoping someone comes along to write to GUI for me to make this all easier. Build it, man!
Thanks! I feel like this is stuff I should be able to understand, and will need to understand, so I challenge myself to learn it enough to teach it to others. I actually learn a lot by presenting info to others, so it's a win-win, I think!
Now you can't say that anymore :p Just change the last line to reflect the name you want for your domain, and away you go! Remember to be careful though if you're on a production environmen.t You don't want your VM testlab DHCP trying to give out IP addresses to prod machines! For this reason, I recommend making your testlab on a private/internal network. If you want your testlab to touch the Web, add an external/bridged connection after you run the config, just to be safe.
Thanks!
Wow that's really cool? I take it you're an avatar fan too? E: just realized which sub I'm in
This is a super slick site. You dun good, OP.
Yeah, how do you display a gif until content has finished loading? Please blog this and link me when you do!
I went, and it was awesome! Everyone who does powershell is there and being all together in one spot, you can easily find a lot to talk about with anyone you happen to meet. Some of my friends from here, like Warren (/u/ramblingcookiemonster) were there as well. We had a great time seeing each other, as were a number of people you'd know from Twitter and PowerShell.org. So, from the people perspective, the crowd is wonderful. The presentations and sessions were absolutely top notch as well, tons of great material was covers from the 200 to the 400 level. We got a sneak preview of server Nano (a week before Ignite and build) and were shown some secret stuff way to the public at large. If you like PowerShell enough to post here, the summit should be your choice. After hearing what I heard about Ignite, I'd say it's the best Microsoft related conference (possibly tied with MMS, but only if you do enterprise client management). Honestly, Warren already gave a better answer than I, but the Powershell summit was fantastic, and I plan to go again next year, for sure!
Hi Tommy! Are you on Twitter? If so, I should totally be following you! E: nevermind, find and followed you! I remember meeting you at the summit! You did a great job on your write up, by the way.
Did you go this year?
If I wear a t-shirt, I ask myself if I'm letting myself go!
Is the oculus store available for other phones? I've got the LG g4, which could keep up!
Whoa, we're getting street fighter chars in smash bro? Turns out that was all it took for me to buy it! I'm kind of out the loop, is this a new title or likely to be dlc?
This monster and mother brains ultimate form gave me existential dread as a child. I couldn't escape the memory of them, their music, and just the sense of otherworldly horror. Especially the damaged animations for the nightmare fuel enemy.
Thanks for the reply. I was kind of afraid of that, I didn't know the gear headset provided more than just a more comfortable Cardboard experience.
I'd love some more info on what the new system will be like, Im hoping for a super charged portable system that easily docks with my tv when I'm home.
...uh...uh...awwwww :(
I forget now, do we not have a Coldhands character in the TV show?
Hey, one of you guys who are so good at theorycrafting. What does this really mean, if they're mentioning Benjen? I mean, Bran already made his way to old dead tree dude, so it's not like Coldhand's help is needed for that front.
The picture might coincide with new advertising materials for the show, which would make sense if he's using the phrase "doing a campaign" Think of it this way, Last year, game of thrones was popularized in advertising with their campaign showing the main characters [with half of their face blue](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0ytOBwiYIus/maxresdefault.jpg), to represent that anyone could die at any moment in the show. That's a campaign. It wouldn't have been unexpected for folks at HBO to contact the people who run various communities dedicated to the show and offer them super-high resolution graphics tailored to their site, to get everyone on board the same campaign. It helps unify the show in people's minds.
Do you work in the outdoors and need a super accurate rifle? Just curious as to what kind of job would necessitate a rifle like this.
Scary to see how many houses are left with the temporary jack posts in place.
I know some folks who say they're perfectly safe to be left as permanent supports, but I'd rather have a permanent post in place, myself.
Oh really? That's cool, I didn't know that!
OK, i don't remember the books, I guess. What's gonna happen with Balon and a bridge?
You think the trial is actually going to happen? No way! She's back in the castle, she'll use MountainStein and all of the dragon fire left in the city to wipe the faith militant off the face of the earth.
Seriously, the Unsllied have been getting torn up by rich suburban kids wearing Halloween masks. It's not been a great showing, recently!
Why did Dany have to poo in the book? I really don't rememer this.
An AI intelligence explosion. This is the sort of thing that has Bill Gates and Elon Musk afraid.
Thanks for saying all of that! When I met you at the time, I don't know how I failed to put the two together. You're pretty much the only Tommy I know who does PowerShell too!
I feel really free now, not having to know what's coming next. In a way, most of my enjoyment of the show was taintined by my book-knowledge. Now I'm just blissfully unaware and can guess my heart away. I personally don't think there is a chance Cersei wil stand trial. She'll probably immediately seize the role of the Hand, grab a ton of power and go on a mad rampage, which will be great television. I see her being driven to the brink of insanity by threats to her children and the desire for revenge. I think she'll eventually parallel Aerys, and choose to blow up the city with dragon fire. And I bet I know just who will have to kill her to make her stop.
WHOA!! That is an awesome theory.
Are any of the founders or devs at sourcefourge well known online figures? I'd wonder what they have to say about the communities views of their recent actions. Are they at all aware of their current reputation?
Don't forget to buy AIG right when they hit rock-bottom. It rebounded into the tens of thousands of percents from it's all time lows.
Hey, my shoes are 'nu buck leather', while my hair is soul les ginger, I'll have you know!
It's awesome for dev/test. If your company makes a web page or has a shopping cart service, for instance, you can have your whole build described in DSC. When you want to make test changes, spin up some VMs and apply your prod DSC config to test. Now make your changes and see what happens. If it looks ready to ship as production, apply your DSC config to Prod and see what happens! The best part though...if the new build fails, just reapply the old DSC config. It's like checking in your infrastrucure into a source control system.
I'm amazed that no one recommended shovel knight yet. Super fun game with an awesome chip tune soundtrack. Every song is the equivalent of the best song from the 8bit Era. Super fantastic soundtrack
The studio behind this game has made some really fun titles. A lot of what I'm seeing about this game makes me thing it was sources to this studio to allow for dev time for another metroid title. The 3ds is a natural choice for another 2d metroid title... I'm sure that we'll get one... Right? Any time now...
Awesome! I was really hoping Wed see it on the 3ds too!
Kindly thank you, please revert
Yep, you have to check in the ten people. Sometimes when I'm busy or in a rush, I'll pull out my 3ds in the morning, check in the ten folks at the plaza gate. That will let me have room to check in ten more people later. I then move my 3ds to another corner of the room, like the far corner from where it was, low to the ground or high to ceiling. The idea is to get it far enough away from where it was that it will be able to see the other APs other than the one it checked before. Then when I come back for the day, I'll play with my first ten people, then go back to the gate to let the next batch in.
Someone should just sell a preconfigured homepass for like $40 and rake in profits. It's pretty daunting to setup one on your own, I think, especially for the non-technical users among us. In fact, Nintendo should just sell these things.
I love gigantic monsters in games! Does Witcher III have super gigantic monsters to fight?
Isn't this kind of like litering? I mean, like a glacier receding, won't there by smushed can chunks and things like that left behind after this lava rolls by?
Yep. The key take away from this post is that if you want a TON of streetpasses, maybe grab a drink or hang out in the lobby of a Hilton hotel. They offer attwifi in all of their hotels, which means that every wifi access point, often dozens in a building, will be available. You can connect to each AP once every 6-8 hours for passes, so if you stroll around a hotel, you could easily get dozens in a few minutes. Aside from places like college campuses, gaming or other enthusiast conventions, gamer concerts, etc, this is easily the highest density of passes I've ever received.
Awesome photo! For thos complaining about auto-sharpening, just use your favorite image tool of choice and throw a soft focus filter, centered around the focal point of the image. It's like a ten second fix to the oversharpening problem.
Wow! Send that picture to the artist, he'd probably love it!
ATTwifi is a special use case, you'll auto sign into it, just like you do at the wifi at Starbucks and at Nintendo Zones/McDonalds.
It's one of the options on Googles front page, you can submit an image or a url to an image on the Web. I personally use tineye, which is a free reverse image service
I hate reading comments like the one I'm about to type, but you three guys were very funny.
Police volunteer groups and other first response groups (I'm a member of one, actually) are not distributed handguns. However we still retain the right to carry a handgun, should we choose to. That being said, we're absolutely forbidden from trying to pose as police, and any shooting especially one with so many people would probably be documented somewhere.
In these true stories we curate here, everyone always gets a crisp new $100 bill. Since we're sure these tales all 100% happened (we've got a team of top men, working the moderator control center around the clock, under Ronny Johnson 's leadership, and they wouldn't allow an untrue tale) we combine the two into $100%
Their real loosers
Actually, everyone was dropping pins. You could hear $100‰ pins drop.
Sorry, but to clarify, at a trillion dollars per year in cost, what would be the projected UBI payment per person a year, and could you give me some examples of the restrictions? What I'm seeking to learn: * at 1 trillion a year, how much does the average Joe receive? * any restrictions you could think of, like earning limits to still receive the money,for instance. Do you guys think this would have an inflationary effect on the dollar? If everyone suddenly had n + 30,000 dollars, would the price of good increase substantially?
That's way less than $30k a year. Did I miss something from this blog post, or was the author a bit, uh, incorrect in her math?
Just a head's up, I was wrong on my figures before so I updated my comment. The tax rate should have said &gt;Does it make sense that you pay the same percentage of tax from $55k $75k all the way up to $285k $145k? I think not, especially considering the tremendous gulf of tax shelters available to people on the bottom end of that bracket.
Nice work, Warren. I've also been afraid of ps1xml files myself. Since you're bravely forging ahead, could you write a modern example of making modules and how I should be doing it? Currently, I just put a bunch of ^function ^declarations ^^in ^^a ^^text ^^file ^^^and ^^^save ^^^it ^^^^as ^^^^^.psm1.
Here are a bunch of report tutorials on the MSDN site. I've looked over them and they look like a good starting point. https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd239338.aspx
Also, I must say that your site loads lightning fast now. Good work!
Thanks for the shout! Yep I'd be happy to help!
What was a 'smarty drink'?
They'll just give you a curriculum and make you study and teach yourself. Our teaching strategy of having lectures literally stems from medieval times in which there was only one copy of a book, so the class would take turns reading it. People do not learn in depth technical content, especially the skills needed to create just by listening. If you need someone to Crack the whip and grade you to force you to study, that's cool, you know how you operate. But for something as popular as Unity, you can learn a lot from the community, and you can do it!
You guys submitted that to an attorney? Its all over the map in terms of tone and proper voice. Still, she sounds like a challenge to work with.
I was trying to encourage you to pursue your dreams. I hope you can do it :()
I do have a family. When you look at the gradation between the brackets, it seems crazy to me that I would pay only 3% extra from 75k to 226k, thats the whole point I'm trying to convey.
Well, the future likely will not function on our current economic system...right guys? I mean...we can't just keep doing this forever.
&gt; This is by far the largest battery to be installed in a smartphone so far Good writing, gotta love these four sentence blog posts.
Thanks for the summary, as I did miss the link there.
OK, I clicked throught the link and started watching Nekomonogatari. WTF is going on? Is this a sequel to something else?
There are fiber lines running up into Cobb county, so it might happen!
Graphene can do anything, anything except leave the lab.
I had a Ford rental last week, and my wife asked me if I was riding a horse when I called her.
No, sorry, it was not my original content :)
I met an interviewer that I found on Monster.com. Drove an hour in the rain to get to a Panera sandwich shop by the recruiter. When I was there, he asked me to pay for his food (I said my wallet was in the car), at which point he 'found' his money. We then sat down and he began to tell me about QuikStar. After a minute or two, I figured out what this was all about, and stood, saying 'you were very ingeniuine in the listing on the job board. If you want to hire people for an MLM, just be open about it. I wasted two hours coming out here tonight, that's not cool. Merry Christmas' and left to go drive home.
This response is especially amusing given that you said previously: &gt;But I also tried to break the concept that you could only get large raises by finding a new position. By telling your staff to seek out and take other offers, aren't you actually reinforcing this myth? And I'm sorry, I'm not trying to antagonize you over this. I know this is reddit and a pointless discussion, but I'm honestly a bit perplexed by your views.
When we're discussing naming confusion, we're talking--largely--about the average consumer/parent. Gamers like you and I heard about the Xbox One always on stuff, but most of the public? They do not follow gaming news at all. If you're imagining the typical clueless parent, they hear their kids ask for something, maybe spend ten minutes looking it up on Amazon, then decide to buy it. For them, this naming confusion is a big deal.
No more Ghibli? Did they close the studio?
Can we be friends? I live in Marietta, my wife and I love the Lord of the Rings. Heck, we have murals in the house of Rivendell and the Argonauths, and our wifi SSID is called 'Hobbiton'. We even got married to the song 'May it be' from the OST. I promise we're normal :D
OK, how the heck did Matt Smith get out of the Pandorica? Didn't he let himself out of the huge box? I felt like I barely understood the next whole episode, as I was trying to puzzle that out. Also, why does the change from Tennant to Smith seem like the upgraded all of the cameras, hired new directors and generally did a much better job of visually staging and filimg the show? Tennant's era kind of looked like crap most of the time.
Thanks for the great answers! it's sad to me that Tennent didn't get to experience the more serious visual producution style and excellent vEffects that Matt Smith had for his whole run.
Been using Reddit Relay / previously Reddit News, how does Flow compare?
Hey man, it's four months later. Did you make any progress? It'd be hella cool for you to pursue your dream of commercial volume sleuthing, and that'd make a great story at any tech or engineering interview. I'd pretty much hire you on the spot!
I'm sorry then, you're right, and I totally misinterpreted your response. Surely you can understand my confusion then :)
I wrote it up, here! http://foxdeploy.com/2015/05/04/super-fast-walkthrough-running-win10-preview-on-raspberry-pi-2-and-whats-it-like/ TLDR Summary : &gt;Plug in, connect network and boot. Done. It takes forever to boot, like five mins. You’ll first see a random Blue debugging screen with some clickable elements that don’t actually work. &gt;Eventually you’ll end up on a page like this, showing you the IP to manage this bad boy. &gt;Remote PowerShell works, just add the PC to your trustedHosts like using the WSman Cmdlets, and if you’re remoting from Win10, disable the PS ReadLine module (it will cause errors). For more info, follow the guide here. Remoting performance to the Reaspberry Pi is very, very slow. VERY slow. But it’s a work in progress. You can do it...but Nano is a weird beast. So far, there doesn't seem to be a way to interact with the MPIO pins from PowerShell. For that, you have to write a headless c# application. Once you write it though, you can easily wrap it in a function that takes params and use that to interact with the pins. In theory. I've got a blog post cooking with an advanced walkthrough of making a simple C# Raspberry Pi application, then wrapping it in a PowerShell function. It's on the back burner while I teach a couple of PowerShell classes through the end of summer.
Agreed. I, for one, would love to see a WMI or CIM class that interacts with the GPIO pins.
I wrote that very poorly. I was thinking multiple save states, which would be nice to have. You are write, you can in fact make a Save State.
How much money was squandered making Dobby-Tennant, for instance?
First you get the board...then you need a case. Then a carrying bag. Then some extra SD cards. Before you know it, you're building a Pi Cluster and refusing to go to work, dodging Pi Repotrucks and leaching electricity off of the Waffle House bathroom at 2:00 AM.
Whoa, how does this PushBullet friends thing work? I can add Pushbullet to my wife's phone and send her stuff from my own phone?
"An app is down, better reboot the whole VM host" WTF?! Who thinks like that?
I added a link to my original post. They got up to 1.5 PETABYTES before drives started failing! Also, it wasn't Tom's Hardware but [TechReport instead \(link to report\)](http://techreport.com/review/27062/the-ssd-endurance-experiment-only-two-remain-after-1-5pb)
I captured him then immediately lost interest in wow and stopped playing
Make one of echeyakee and sell it to me, please!
Huhwahwhey with a very short huh. It's actually hwah
My message to you has been to stop worrying about it. You'd have to intentionally be doing stresstests to ever approach the actual hardware failure rate. Unless you're doing that...don't worry about it. If you use tools like CrystalDiskInfo, you can see the amount of data written...but why bother? It's not going to impact you.
They're almost always called a field or hunting jacket. I got a very sharp one for like $40 at JCPenney, of all places
I've worked with semi biggish WordPress instances, and it's easy to have even a team of people, dedicated to approving comments and even posting as other people. He likely has two or three people helping him.
Good for him. He doesn't owe us anything.
How are the Witcher books?
Is Asus bad?
It takes roughly ten times the power to emulate something. So the 3ds running a port of dosBox, on a different architecture, and running Windows within that is frankly magical.
Throwaway and share the details
How much is a p? Is that a pence? Yall still use pences!?
Uh, is my cell phone automatically considered to be a metered connection?
Til that more than 100 incidents perpetrated by 400 guys is simply a molehill.
Give me the link
People are very unhappy as Lucky repeatedly mentioned, as recently as last month, that they're targeting 'around $350' or somewhere 'in that ballpark'. Most people wouldn't expect that to imply nearly double the amount referenced, and it was likely obvious to Lucky that they couldn't commit to that pricing months ago. Probably unwise to keep people's mental pricing anchored to such an unreasonably low amount. Conversely, the silent treatment we're getting from HTC makes a lot of sense.
Microsoft sells them to employees for $25, which is probably still a 20% markup, so yeah, I think $50 is a healthy profit margin.
This and the Rift, It's absolutely revolutionary, not sure why folks can't just budget about the price of a game a month, if they'd really like one.
Probably not, as Javascript is not likely to execute against the kernel the same ^i^don't^know^^^whatIm^talking^about
Do you have a blog?
What's bad about the xps15?
&gt;You are now mine, uh, if you want to be.
He was great as a dangerous glass cannon tearing shit up in Latin America in Soldier X. And he was cool dying from his techno organic virus. The coolest possible depiction on screen would be him being torn to pieces by the TO virus and ripping Apocalypse to shreds as Cable's last dying act. Plus he comes along with the whole Askani lore, and they're super cool too, so there's a lot of potential there.
I live in the suburbs of my town, and felt safe as I gradually dialed up the size of the explosion, using the presets. I had no idea some of those doomsday weapons existed. Such a horrific yield... I felt a sense of dread seep into my bones...
You should have down voted yourself.
You're at negative 2k+ karma and counting for this thread!
Congratulations, you played yourself.
It's so cold that the engine could lose a lot of heat due to convection alone.
I live in Georgia, and we get it all the time, too.
Sounds like the recruiter was asking if you knew what a table header is.
Wheels on Meals was so funny, one of my favorites. There's a new drunken master?!
Assault is yelling, battery is beating someone up.
ohhh....awww I was so excited :(
Dude, it's a body shop, those items are wayyyyyyyyyyyy too much for him and the budget he's likely to have.
I'm sorry if I came across poorly, I was on mobile and really groggy. The point I was trying to impart is that you don't have to stop at a crappy experience with inept service people. It should have been immediately apparent with a message like 'it's been a week and you've said nothing, I'll assume you're happy now' that these folks really can't do anything for you. If you need help finding the right people, let me know. Something like this issue you're experiencing might be a very big unreported story, and you could help get the word out about it.
My Tiburon overheated constantly, for years, and it was always the hoses or this or that. Finally, I decided to replace the radiator with an all aluminum racing style radiator. Never an issue again. Very easy install too.
Username means transient data transfer error, right?
Cows chew the grass, pulling milk out of the ground as they do it.
I bought a pair of SuperDry commander blue jeans back on black Friday, they look absolutely gorgeous, but they're tighter than 511s. My knees ache when I wear them, and there isn't enough give for me to kneel. I felt ecstatic to put on some Levi whatever model from Target, after a day of suffering in my SuperDrys.
I've been a ConfigMgr Consultant for four years now, I've never heard of cleaning up WSUS before. Do you guys do this? What's the impact of it, and why is it needed? Maybe hardware is so good now that I've not noticed the need to do this before now.
&gt;20 years earlier *due* to Had to read that sentence over and over to understand it. Sounds like the rest of that night probably wasn't so much fun.
I remember doing this in the quest with Echeyakee the white lion. Always my favorite pet, so I would hide somewhere safe and warg into him then prowl around the area where he spawned. So much fun chasing lowbies around.
I liked making magic food, is that still in the game?
Wow, I completely forgot about that place. They wouldn't let me in once because of my shoes!
Ahh, that explains a lot. I only ever configure updates for the current OS deployed with SCCM, and a subset of Office products, and then only Critical and Security updates, as most clients don't care for the other types of files. This would explain why I've not been impacted yet. Thanks!
You're Reframing the argument, which isn't what we're talking about here.
I'm working on this in powershell, to run natively on Windows systems. Will update here when done
I'd move the `drink beer` step up to ~ Step 3. Ideally, you want to be hitting the Ballmer Peak right around the restore :p
In my opinion $25 is a very small fee anyway I'm not sure why this is such a big deal.
How is it noticeable? I've never seen one but I'm theorizing that a monitor capable of more than 60 refreshes a second could therefore render more than 60 FPS in a game. Otherwise it doesn't matter what your gpu is capable of, you're stuck with the physical ability of the monitor. Is that right?
Fire something three moon tsu ha mu I got nothing. What's it mean?
I used to work in a call center for four years! The call software would tell us if you verified with the challenge or not, so we wouldn't have to ask so many questions. However, when trransfeing from one department to another, that information can become lost, and the same can happen if you go deep into one prompt tree then escape back to the root menu. I'm super judgmental of the operators when I call into a call center. It's an easy job.
Today, the GPO to disable the Windows Store only works for Education and Enterprise SKUs of Windows. Our fix is removing the Windows Store app itself during our provisioning process (SCCM Task Sequence). Two lines of PowerShell.
We just remove the store during the imaging process.
LTSB is only available to those with an ELA. He could use the Server Trial, or ask for Charity Licensing to use it.
Should have clarified. We DO have Enterprise Windows, but this still leaves you with the Windows store icon in the task bar and on the Start Screen. Furthermore, users can click it but get a message that 'this item is blocked by group policy'. So, to get around this we remove it during imaging. However, I do have SMB customers and they use MDT to deploy images...and are totally going to get boned by this GPO Change.
Plenty of companies run with a full AD deployment, with their own WSUS, but don't run Enterprise. I know a lot of folks work only in the Enterprise market, but SMBs by and large do NOT have Volume Licensing or Software Assurance.
I played Dance Dance Revolution in Japan before it came to the states. That's all I've got.
Is this a popular company? Never heard of them before
What an unsafe looking lab area. Broken glass, dirt, and then a full tank of oxygen next to propane.
Didn't think I'd ever be cheering for Theon Greyjoy. Chin up buddy, it's OK.
Wow, that sounds really weird. As a Sunbro, I wonder if I could throw lightning bolts with it!
This was a really funny joke from Microsoft's part at the MVP Summit last year. We'd all been really tearing into them for the way Windows 10 updates were being deployed, then in one of the hallways, this sign appeared. I think it was retweeted into the hundreds of times.
The Braves moving to Nashville? Horse shit, that would never have happened.
I'd love to vote in Mike Boyce to show my disapproval, but he has only 65 twitter followers. This is really bush league, and raises questions about his organization
Are Levi's 511's not a thing anymore? I absolutely LOVEEE mine, but they're listed as discontinued on Amazon now :( https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00WLLW9IM/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1
If you don't do this, there's no telling what might break. For instance, I forgot to update the ADK for one customer and found that USMT just wouldn't work, period at all. #You must update.
That's shit though, because this is one of thos classic From Software 'why the hell did that happen' moments.
I like the talking and stories, but don't like the clicking, subvocalization sounds.
What's the wire coming out of the top of your case?
What you're describing is blogging. There's no need to bring stack overflow into it, if you find the solution, write it up!
This is my favorite kind of reply. I suspected that 200ft was dangerously close to a rocket but didn't know precisely why or how it would be so. Thanks for the info. Do you know if anyone's ever simulated the effects of such exposure to a human?
What's this strange sensation? Is it...hope? Returning?
\#MalkavianMasterRace
That's a low incidence rate! But isn't that rate still responsible for cancer (I. E. Cancer is caused by errors in DNA replication)? If that's the case, that makes you wonder how often the cells in a body will replicate in a normal life span.
Sounds like a cancer fixing mechanism if I've ever heard of one, but I have no idea if it's possible to develop such behavior and then induce it into cells.
Thanks, I fixed the top URL.
If you note the section on the bottom, I'm accepting challenges. Share the task with me and I'll see how we can script this.
Full body shivers watching that one. This captures something I thought I'd forgotten about myself, my boyhood dream of adventure.
Me too. Gigantic monsters in every game. They're my favorite thing.
Does ionizing radiation affect inanimate objects? If so, you'd think radiation from the sun would quickly cause a structural collapse for a space elevator
This is more a bunch of different tactics you can use to download video files, some of which involve PowerShell. Youtube-dl is mostly for downloading Youtube files, I don't know if you could use it for other video services.
You could use Fiddler to record a session of connecting to the page with the video you want. when everything has loaded, start recording a session and then click play. Record that network traffic and try to replay it from PowerShell and see if the response is a bunch of video files. If so, then save them.
When the Microsoft portal updates (probably on Monday or Tuesday) you'll have the option to order a professional print of the certificate. They look super nice. I have a couple, you should definitely do it for your first cert. I think it's $10 maybe? They have some other goodies you can get too but none are that cool, IMHO.
Does it charge via a hand crank or something? The compromises this device makes (garbage chipset, old wifi standards, probably terrible storage performance too if they keep with the pattern) have totally dissuaded me from it.
Health soft cap? I'm at 26 or 7 and it seems like each point gives a much smaller amount of health than before.
You do like zero damage to him, even with a +8 weapon!
Me either. Gamer my whole life and always looked forward to VR. Then I tried on the rift and became immediately sick when the camera moved without me turning my head. It wasn't just a shirt lived sickness. No, it was nearly a day of feeling waves of nausea. This is why the military prohibited pilots from flying or driving within 24 hours of VR.
What's the rpo movie?
Just sell the refurbished one when it comes in and buy a G5 from ebay. You can get them in the low $400's now.
Ah, I've read the book but never seen it abbreviated before. Thanks for clarifying.
`&lt;jerk&gt;` Only a peasant seeks help from Microsoft Live Support. `&lt;/jerk&gt;` so, what's the problem, maybe we can help?
RHEL and Ubuntu containers on Windows is coming. Those will be acheived using Hyper-V.
I was thrilled to speak at my first big conference, and heard that they were taking photos of presenters. I got the photos and in the background behind me on the screen you can clearly see `Write-Host` over and over again.
AWS is a great example. It's easy to configure an application with a load balancer. We can use the load balancer to guage how many people are trying to hit our site at a given time. If traffic exceeds the capacity of one host, we can tell our web service to add another host to share the load. These new workers are just here to help us with traffic and keep our app responsive and fast. They will probably be instructed to pull down the newest source code on first boot, and be configured not to save any files locally. Instead, they'll probably get a shared drive, pooled among all of the other workers. ####Since they're not saving files locally, we really don't care about the host machine. As long as users have completed their session, it can die at any point. This is what it means to be stateless. The workers make their mark on the world by committing permanent changes to a DB or shared drive. So, new worker bees come online as needed. They don't need to be permanently online though, and don't need to preserve their history, so in that sense they are stateless. After the load drops, the unneeded little workers save their changes, and then go to sleep until needed again in the future. *Actually they're deleted but I always feel sad thinking about my workers dying or being killed, so I have to think about it in different terms*
#I'm wrong [Turns out you can do it and it looks weird AF](https://msdirectaccess.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/directaccess_otp_19.png?w=600&amp;h=228) DA is behind the scenes VPN. There's no user challenge, so no two factor.
Wow, I didn't know that, thanks. [If you're curious, here's what it looks like.](https://msdirectaccess.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/directaccess_otp_19.png?w=600&amp;h=228)
I was at this E3 and they were very cool guys, happy to be there. They gave us, a bunch of nerds from our college newspaper 30 mins of interview time and sent us off with very cool leather mouse pads with the Witcher logo.
SCCM 1606 adds an Azure role (optional) which effectively replaces Internet based client management. It's called Cloud Proxy, and can be a management point, software update point or dp. If they are employee owned devices, intune is great for managing them and doesn't even require an agent installed. However, it's not on par with everything you can do today with SCCM.
Sounds more like Ricoh uses the term series incorrectly then, not you.
The 960 just dropped in price like crazy now, and it can play pretty well. Actually...PM me, I might have something lying around for you.
Oh man, you need to act now then. Find the busiest people, the ones who are constantly swamped or who have to be involved in everything and partner up with them. Start taking tasks off of them and make sure you do a good job with them. If people are publically saying they think you're lazy, you have no idea whats being said behind closed doors and you want to put a lid on this fast.
Docker makes it SUPER easy to deploy your software anywhere. Previously, you'd have a long install script or maybe even a VM image that contained your installation. If you wanted to run your code in various places, you'd have the struggle to get it installed the right way. I spent days getting most deployments sorted out when trying to roll to production in my previous job. Days or weeks, because our dev team fundamentally didn't understand how to encapsulate the requirements for their software, so we'd deploy and it would ALWAYS fallover. In a Docker world, devs would be working, validating and building their software in a portable container. When they're done committing changes to it, rolling it out to our prod servers is a simple as killing the old instance, pulling down the bits for the new version, and turning it on. No more ten page install guides.
Well, I think you're right about the theory, but I think you've got the Firelinks swapped around. Ludleth clearly remembered being in Dark Firelink. He talks about it in the present to us. The description on the soul of the champion implies that we are the unknown warrior who killed the Gundyr and left him there with the sword in him. That world was swallowed by darkness, Ludleth decided to relink the fire and brought light back. And at some point, the Gundyr became invested with the abyss, which is why he transforms in the fight. It all makes sense. Light Firelink is in the future and we're going into the past (shortly after Ludleth relinked the fire) to kill the lords and bring their embers back to our time to continue linking the fire.
Docker basically makes it easy to do what you already could do. The cool part is allowing you to super easily run multiple containers side by side, and know that they won't shit all over each other. They will only shit on themselves.
This is a great point you're making. A VM is about as sandboxed as you can get. You've got a hypervisor coordinating actual activities on the baremetal, and your VMs queue up to run their commands (terrible and overly simplistic explanation warning). But in most conditions, hell nearly all, your VMs are not able to step into neighboring VMs memory space, write over their files, or destroy their neighbors. However, to do this you've got many copies of essentially the same thing. If you have five windows VMs which each service one app, you're essentially duplicating five full installs of WIndows, plus five copies of all of your programs prereqs. There could be hundreds of gigs of duplicated content there. Now, when you containerize, rather than five WIndows machines, you've got one, and each container is able to share prerequisites. This is great because you're able to cram way more services and usefulness onto the same hardware than you could with VMs. &gt;The key benefit of Docker is that it allows users to package an application with all of its dependencies into a standardized unit for software development. I think this was a crappy line from the original post. Containerizing gives us all of those cool features I mentioned, but the really neat thing about Docker is that there is no install script. When you're building an app and know you need X Y and Z prereqs all set up just so, you as the dev set it up and get it working within the container. When you release to the wild, you use that same container. You get it working, put it in the container, and you know it will work with no problems on the receiving end. Everything your app needs to run is bundled within the Docker Container, and you just hit start and boop, out pops your app working with zero issue.
Again, Docker makes this easy. It's a lot harder when you have many apps on a system to get each of their perms right. And what if all of them have common prereqs? If you go overboard locking down the perms, you suddenly are stuck duplicating copies of prerequisites (not fun) and you are doing a LOT of tweaking and hacking to make these things cohabitate. This is all stuff that then becomes hard to automate and reproduce, taking us away from the model of automated deployments and reliability. Manual stuff is super hard to get right consistently. I would argue that while you definitely can do all of this without Docker/Containers, having Docker makes this a lot easier, for all of the reasons I mentioned here.
Sorry, but you're not responding to my point about security and density perks. While I agree the package managers are great, you can't do all of the things Docker does (And which I've listed in this response and others here), with RPM or aptitude alone.
This is precisely what Docker is for. Well, one of the many things it is for. You don't need to worry about it working because...it's the same container, it would always work.
I'm saying you can cram more services as you're only shipping the app and it's dependencies, not the whole OS underneath it. The OS footprint *is* savings.
Do you just dislike it because it is popular?
Like in Dark Souls, you're striding around killing Hollows which are the same height as you, and suddenly you've got a Knight four feet taller with a eighteen foot broadsword running at you.
She (Olenna) was wearing mourning black as well when talking with the noodle kittens.
hey guys, I thought the MS docs for using Cloud Proxy were a bit laconic, so I wrote my own guide. This includes literally every thing you need to go from SCCM 1606 to managing clients anywhere in the world. 47 screenshots!
How do we know that the lannister family is broke?
I thought surely, no one could believe that Ned fathered Jon with Ned's own sister! And then my colleague at work asked if Ned was the dad. It is amazing how confused non book readers can be.
I always pick the sixth option.
This is the way it works today. The Intune features for SCCM are really all about bringing mobile devices into SCCM for a single pane of glass view. Using Intune to manage desktop and full blown PCs instead is a whole different use case. You're meant to be using Intune *instead* of SCCM, and that's why you don't see those PCs in the SCCM console. Conclusion: install the SCCM client on those machiens instead of the intune client. Intune can manage PCs but it's meant as a lightweight management alternative TO ConfigMgr. [If you want this to change, vote here](https://microsoftintune.uservoice.com/forums/291681-ideas/suggestions/12846222-manage-intune-pc-client-devices-in-sccm). But I don't think it will. Cathy Moya [MSFT] &gt; &gt; The reason we don’t manage the Intune fat client in the ConfigMgr console is if you have ConfigMgr, we expect you to install the Config Manager fat client on your PCs (or use MDM) and manage it all in Configuration Manager.
&gt;So, if I wanted to manage servers and mobile devices with SCCM, but Win10 desktops with Intune (but all from the single pane of glass in SCCM), that would not be possible? I would have to manage the Win10 PCs from the Intune console? You're right, you can't do that. Your windows machines should be managed by SCCM. The whole benefit of integrasting SCCM and InTune is that it brings your mobile devices into SCCM as well.
I read an article on the Verge, a host notorious for page jumping, and it the page jumping was totally resolved!
It did work for me. Instead of the page leaping all over, I could see the scroll bar briefly appear to reflect that the portion of the page I'm viewing has now changed, relative to the increased length of the document. So it worked for me on that same site.
Thanks for shouting out my user voice post! However this has been on uservoice for a year now and still hasn't shown up in a ConfigMgr release? Is it possible to have a road map to reflect when certain items might be worked on?
You guys seem to do a great job responding to the community and interacting through Twitter and UserVoice. It's awesome to see the regular progress in ConfigMgr. How come we don't see that in SCOM? I know OMS is the new hotness, but for orgs stuck on SCOM, it's sad to see how great things could be with regards to frequent updates and an engaged dev team like we have with SCCM, but know that we're not getting the love. That being said, I've had some highly voted feedback sitting open for months and months now. Some of these seem pretty simple to implement. Any word on what's happening with them? [Automatically Search all nodes](https://configurationmanager.uservoice.com/forums/300492-ideas/suggestions/8342127-automatically-search-all-sub-nodes) [Fix Supercedence Behavior](https://configurationmanager.uservoice.com/forums/300492-ideas/suggestions/11532669-fix-supercedence-behavior) [Add a 'jump to content source folder' option to packages and applications](https://configurationmanager.uservoice.com/forums/300492-ideas/suggestions/13073793-add-content-source-location-link-to-the-summary) Also, please just buy the rights to the name SCCM already. This product has to win some award for the most possible names.
Are there any cool things I would like in SQL 2016 as a ConfigMgr guy?
Why not just baked updates into your image twice a year?
Has there been any progress on the rebuilding of MDT in powershell? What do you guys think of it?
I've done dozens of deployment projects and for my customers we rarely reimage at the desk. Most imaging happens at a work bench wiht high speed switches, so normal traffic is vlaned away from desktop traffic. We don't care at all about the size of the WinPE boot image. Heck even with PowerShell and everything enabled, it's still tiny and transfers in ten seconds or less.
Could we get some more powershell Cmdlets. Today, most serious tasks (like redistribution of packages) involve working deep in WMI calling methods. This doesn't scare me, but I'd love for sccm to support more Cmdlets for common use cases
All of my customers love this feature, btw. Just as the soon to be sccm admin learns how much he can do with ConfigMgr and how much it will change his life (normally the third day of the project or so) I drop the bomb at lunch and tell them about Emory or the Australian bank. Then when they get the wide eyed look, I tell them about deployment verification and the verify steps in the task sequence. I'm a jerk.
Incense are spawning all of the starter Pokemon even in their evolved forms. I caught 3 wartortles today with it
Yes they will. I used an the incense today and found a bunch of wartortles and all the other starters
I got a bunch today, so your milage may vary.
Really cool!
I thought Caitlin Jenner is the name Bruce Jenner goes by after having a sec change. Then I find out she's a very popular fashion model. I'm so out of touch
You should hide little plush Pokémon for them to find. They're really cheap on ebay
They make dogs fight chickens? That sounds brutal.
It's not just that pit bulls are more aggressive than other dogs; they are quite aggressive but it's not just that. The reason pitbulls are so dangerous, is that they have very strong bite strength, and are generally very strong and agile dogs. So whereas any dog biting you is a big deal, a pitbull is much more life-threatening than a dachshund, or a Lhasa Apso. As far as numbers go, dachshund, chihuahua, and Lhasa Apso / shitzuh are much more likely to bite, but they have comparatively low bit strength.
With five giant and annoying ads too.
This is one of the most interesting articles I've ever read. Fascinating and it covered so many interesting topics. Mitochondria have their own DNA, they were their own organisms and gradually merged to create the advanced cells exhibited in all animal life on Earth. Then topics like the mother's curse, a name for the tendency for diseases and conditions which express in females to be selected out, but expressed only in males. Truly an awesome article. Thanks for sharing.
Could you provide an example of diseases which arise from mitochondrial DNA issues?
It's a lot like the amplified mobile pages (denoted by the phrase amp and a lightning bolt from a Google search). Google caches your site regularly if you enable amp and boosts your ratings in search (mobile and desktop). However on mobile devices, they serve the cache instead. So they're receiving your traffic. Knowing google, it's just a short while until they begin including their own ads on their cache of your traffic. So, I view it as inevitable content theft.
Countdown until he drops your phone begin 30... 29... 28...
Yep, most coffee drinks just have espresso and something. Espresso plus water = Americano Espresso plus milk = latte Espresso plus milk and foam = cappuccino Two espresso plus heavy cream = Doppio (I think this is a flat white as well)
WTF? Be her father? Her father was that guy who got turned in to a warthog. Unless...was this a spoiler?
Thanks for the interesting reply. Sounds like the hotel should have been built somewhere else, if the soil conditions were so poor.
A week of recovery for your wisdom teeth? I was fine within 18 hours. Seriously, went out with friends the next evening (didn't party, but I was able to enjoy myself)
Level 23, wife is level 25, we tend to have the game running while driving around (But don't play while driving!) and saw a Dragonite in our neighborhood about two months ago. He was VERY hard to catch. But we both caught him.
It's been a while since I've seen this movie. Why were the waves so big on this planet?
/u/Oracle343gspark explained it like this: &gt; The black hole's gravity. It was the closest planet to the black hole, which is also why time went slower on the planet. I've been thinking about what he means. Since the planet is a water covered planet like Earth, I think all of the water on it was pulled towards the black hole, just like our tides are caused the world over based on our own moon, which has a much smaller effect. Over time, this built and built until the culmination we see in the movie, where there are gigantic, 100 meter tall waves that slowly circle the whole planet.
I think that John Wick was too Hollywood. It was neat, but very much an action movie, while A History of Violence made me think.
How the heck would he survive all of those depleted uranium rounds being shot at him? If he has flesh and bones, I'm sorry but there's not way it would survive that kind of bombardment. Now, if they can give me a reasonable explanation of how this massive lizard is able to stand, support its own body weight, and what the heck it's been eating to grow and sustain such an incredible amount of musculature, then I will be happy to eat my popcorn.
I love Cable and the lore around him. Could you expand a bit as to what you're referring to? I thought the plan from the get-go was for Cable to be created to take down Apocalypse. Is that not the case?
I can't think of any examples from DS 3 that were as bad as this transition from Ds2.
Could you translate this into non-firefighter talk?
Thanks for the heads up, I just added it to my podcast app!
My first experience with this show (the original show, Takeshi's Castle, named after the famous Beat Takeshi, the Japanese Bruce Willis) was a subtitled version of it which I watched while flying to Japan for my exchange student trip in 2000, when I was a mere 15 years old. I was in euphoria from the excitement of the trip, and coupled with being sleepy from the flight, I was absolutely giddy. I don't think I have ever laughed as hard as I laughed from watching the show. Absolutely hilarious.
Thanks for the recommendation, I listened to it and, if anything I love him even more. I feel that they really captured why i love him so much as a character.
That's a track from fft as well
Good article but it doesn't have any new info. Anyone who has paid attention to the market or investing shows have heard these points a hundred times now.
That's cool as hell.
That looks wonderful! I hope it gets a pc release some day...
Aside from meeting my wife and having children and deciding to follow my managers advice to leave banking and get into IT, quitting drinking was the best thing I've ever done.
We got about an inch of snow but it's crusted in this quarter inch layer if bullshit ice that's really hard and sharp... This was enough to inspire me to go to WV or Pigeon Forge and get a cabin for snowy weather once a year
I dunno man, I really like the heaxagons and graphics
We 'forgot' to put the one back in our fancy rainfall shower head. Jesus Christ, it's like a pressure washer. And it does drain our heater in about ten minutes.
I'd want to build a cat tunnel. A nice plexi tunnel through the middle of the tank, with some illumination and air flow for the kitty to walk through the pond. Happy kitty.
The latter is the correct pronunciation xD
My two and a half year old daughter jumped onto the ottoman to sing along with 'Miraculous' on Netflix. Shit was so cute man, I started tearing up.
Nah man, you're fine. You just need to resolve never to have another zero day again. https://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/1q96b5/slug/cdah4af
I love this, no more Unbox Therapy videos in my feed.
What does assaulted mean in this context? In legal terms, it's being yelled at and threatened. Just curious what you mean.
She was way prettier sounding in the books.
Maybe I should go back and do her quest line then... Is this from TW3?
I think the photographer was exploiting her suffering. I want to help, but he should have comforted her.
Most warehouses I've worked at are giant OSHA violations with wires, packaging and plastiwrap everywhere. I can only imagine how tangled up this thing would be after rolling over wrap, ropes or wires.
Maybe the sender already typed his response and epilepsy guy replied really fast?
I've never had to worry about securing AD before, someone always did it for me. What's the worst thing about anonymous ldap? Wouldn't you need enumerate perms to request and my records?
I'm sure at least 5% of here are Windows Admins, for those of us, I thought it would be helpful to outline the ways we can add tab completion to our functions and cmdlets.
Part one of a two part series. In part two, we'll cover how to make custom object types and use PowerShell's dynamic type system to make it easier for users to tab, and thus not strain their delicate fingers.
I've never heard of these two methods before today. I'll look into them though, and then write about them if I'm able to understand it!
How does the 10% off code work? I don't think I'm seeing it here...
At checkout I had to enter the code a second time thanks
I think your computer is drunk
Was the n64 a huge success? I loved it and thought it had wonderful games, which I spent dozens of hours playing... But I was 10, so I wasn't exactly paying attention to sales figures.
I played in Japanese, as a true weeb. Mamonaku, nibansei noriba nanika nanika norimasu I may have forgotten some
Nintendo you've sold me. This console looks to be worth the price of entry, if I can get Zelda. I keep hoping to one day get an 'Old Man Link' game, which plays like Dark Souls mixed with zelda platforming and puzzles, in which you are essential Cable, traveling through the history of Hyrule, helping various Links throughout time to save their day. Bonus points if it includes Primer-esque notions of time travel and sacrifice, with Old Link living by proxy through his various past selves. The antagonist would be a fully realized Ganon, hounding him throughout time and corrupting Hyrule's history. A boy can dream.
18002553700
Spotted the fellow Dark Souls player.
Yes! Also your name... That's something I haven't heard in nearly fifteen years!
Yep yep there's literally nothing and says almost the same thing every time. And he interrupts Stephen constantly.
The appeal of Fallon is completely lost on me. Just seems like a vapid, feel good show, with Jimmy constantly laughing, even if things aren't funny at all.
I understand how Trump was elected. I live in Atlanta and work in IT, the recession never touched me. However middle America got screwed. Manufacturing and production had been leaving the country in droves and the recession was a perfect excuse to off shore even more. There is value and satisfaction to be gained by working. People want to work. Trump sold them on rebuilding this country and giving them back jobs. Of course its not possible to regain them all. We need one million new jobs a year to keep up with new workers entering the field, but we had a new of zero new jobs from 2006 to 2016. We're 10MM in the hole, and have only started new creation in the recent months. Even if we have massive construction projects... We can't employ everyone. And not everyone can work in service or programming jobs. So Trump told them what they wanted to hear, and got elected. Im not mad about it. But it's only going to get worse, sadly.
Nothing wrong with it, I just don't enjoy it. I have no qualms with others who like it though.
I'm very white with red hair, blue eyes and freckles. My brother and sister both have dark brown hair and a nice olive complexion and blue eyes. We all look alike but our coloring is all over the map. Same parents for all of us. This kind of variation is possible among any family.
I've kayaked through there. Absolutely beautiful. But there are a lot of stinging bug nests around those mangroves. And snakes. And the barnacles, I'm not sure why we don't just use them for scalpels, ludicrously sharp.
You think a R9 Fury nitro can run a vive? Never looked into it before...
How could you have an issue with him suggesting that every guy could benefit from some perspective on how to deal with this touchy situation? Maybe you were trying to be funny.. I don't understand what you were even trying to accomplish.
Can you please resize your browser before screen capping, you damn no drip bitch
This is so dumb I almost reflexively down voted you, OP
Guaranteed to get the party started
The first generation DS, the kind of dirty silver colored one, it had this hinge defect and would make an awful cracking noise when opened. Eventually you'd get light bleeding too.
Knowing them, I'll expect them to horde those games for the Switch. The argument that they couldn't perfectly emulate the games always irked me. No one need frame perfect emulation, people are playing these games on a browser, for Mario's sake! Totally drove me bonkers that I couldn't play most Metroid games on my 3DS without modding it.
I can practically smell the gooseberries
So happy I had a speaking coach helped me realize that I had that problem too. She taught me that it's better to take a pause, compose myself and say what I mean to say rather than to fill the air with those filler phrases. She was right.
What keeps her from getting a Windows laptop and running virtualbox for her Mac needs?
I seriously laugh at these unprepared presenters. My laptop bag is full of adapters for any occasion and it already has DisplayPort.
Anything you can do in bash you can do in Powershell nowadays.
Lol, be nice.
That makes me wonder I wonder why Apple has never partnered with someone to offer a remote desktop OS X cloud offering. Literally every other operating system is available RDP over the cloud.
He's probably just proving a point, but any good presenter is going to have their own display adapter, IMHO. I never depend on a venue to provide my adapters.
That's actually a very valid reason, and it raises the valid point that Apple wants people to buy its Hardware so they have no reason to optimize for the OS running anywhere else.
Hi guys! I went around and around trying to figure out exactly what happens to WinRM over HTTPS when certificates die. I ended up having to learn how WireShark and Fiddler work, and finally have documented some conclusive proof of what will happen to WinRM when certificates expire or are renewed! Hope this helps somebody, I spent weeks trying to find the answer myself last year.
Maybe update the post with a description of what this is meant to do? Your post didn't include that small bit of info :p
What does this 'swoop' mean from the two eights notes? [Link](http://imgur.com/FLOTCXr) I'm still learning, totally newbie (going through Yousician to learn, about 10 hours in), but when I play around, I find that these little three note chords sound kind of weak to me. I seem to remember something like sustatined or emphasized chords that have more notes and sound more 'full'. I can't remember what they're called. Anyone have any pointers on a 'fuller' sounding note, or ways I could add more notes? I've tried playing the same chord on left and right hand, that's getting close to it...
That's a good question. In my scenario this is an autorenewed cert from PKI. There's a couple ways this could go down: * Kerberos - "*just works"* * Cert expires, PKI online - Windows autorenews, WinRM auto selects new cert and fixes the listener * Cert expires, PKI offline - You're effed WinRM doesn't make its own certs.
&gt; Win XP to Win 7 Upgrades? Where is the PROFIT??? The biggest value to me is built-in Encryption options. Having Bitlocker on your devices means that a device being lost or stolen is only a $1k mistake, a blip on the radar, and not the generally horrifying outcome that could happen if the device weren't encrypted. Add to it generally improved capabilities, easier driver and device install, support for modern hardware, all of which make your employee's more productive; and upgrading the OS becomes a pretty easy sell. Furthermore, you need to make sure that the device your company deploys are comparable to employee's own devices. The employee having skill and being fluent with a device is very important to their productivity. If you're deploying an old and busted OS and they're using Windows 10 on everything, they'll feel shackled by the older OS.
Can you help me, this is what's happening here: joke . . . me
Ah, that makes sense. And you're right, this is what I was thinking of!
The wheel wills as the weave wills Just try saying thsat out loud!
I will say that I'm a tech enthusiast and love it, but pairing some devices to Bluetooth is a miserable experience. Especially lower end devices which make it very difficult to pair. Car systems especially can suck in this regard.
I dunno, I've got the XPS 13 too and it feels pretty slow running Windows 10 x64 with Chrome, Skype for Business and anything else running. I think they cheaped out too much on the SSD. I kind of expected it to have an NMVE drive, given that it ships with a m.2 drive, but in reality they chose a much slower drive.
I've had good blue tooth headphones too, but you have to admit, Apple has created something super clever in the pairing mechanism. I wish it were as easy on Android (I mean, of course I can figure it out, I don't have any issues) BUT it could be easier and Android OEMs could adapt this idea and the average user would really like it.
Thirdund of all!
It is so easy to fix all of that for a production role out though. If you are actually manually putting your hands on and configuring each machine more than just the first user, then you're doing something wrong. Source : I'm a consultant specializing in operating system deployment.
Why all the hate for Assange?
I'm sorry I don't understand what you're trying to say.
Going through this should include a paid bonus, I think. It's so smart, but somewhat arduous, so I think having an incentive to see this through would be a nice idea.
The original anime is great, very good show but ends horribly. It stops at a terrible, terrible point. The newer anime is pretty good for the first few episodes, but the music is generally much worse, and the show plods on (making 12 eps feel soo, soo slow). They rely on CGI with weird cell shading and it works earlier in the series then becomes absolutely horrible by the end. Still, it's Berserk and takes you through the awful Nozguh story arc. Overall I don't like the second series very much.
Does this mean my VC or Nintendo ID purchases will appear on the Switch?
What does PFY mean?
Please write a blog post about this. I want to know both WHY they needed something like this, how you would have done it if given full power, and how you ended up doing it.
Hilariously, this article has an interstitial banner ad.
I'm kind of curious, but I've never done the research, do you think that sites that run Google ads are more promoted and the curated stories feed of Google Now?
Right click, inspect element, backspace, enter Works to remove most terrible elements like this in chrome.
My wife had a pair. They are no bueno for female health.
Wrong. The IMEI is your phones hardware identifier. To make or spoof calls, someone would at a minimum need your IMSI, which is the hardware identifier of your SIM card. The SIM is the critical piece here. IMEI does not let them spoof your anything. But they could engage in shady practices and get it banned.
Think about it, if you buy a phone and put your SIM in it and it turns out the phone was stolen, it won't successfully connect for data (only 911). But you can still move your SIM into another device and use it. The IMEI merely identifies the hardware, the phone. Your phone number and texts? That's all bound to your SIM card and its security processor.
I've enjoyed reading your comments in this thread. Good stuff man
What makes you think that's going on?
I feel that we would build massive levies to protect the city.
I know that sentence is correct, but I just cannot abide sentences which begin with apropos.
Fill the jar with hot water and leave it for about five minutes. It will easily rinse out
At least get out of white Orchard (the tutorial place) in the witcher. The mechanics really start to click then. Of course it helps if you read the books.
Oh, that does sound right!
Holy smokes, I legitimately forgot about that movie, but you bringing up barn owls just sent a jolt along those dusty synapses, and now I remember the whole movie again. Kind of like being interviewed about what you saw in the woods... And only remembering barn owls.
I do a ton of work building images (like OS images) and moving from a three drive ssd raid 5 to a single nvme drive gave me colossal improvement in imaging speeds. Literally image Windows 10 and server 2016 in seven minutes now, opposed to 30 before.
We've all talked out of our asses before about something that was objectively proven false afterwards, with that in mind I would love you Elop to speak to how Android turned out.
Windows on ARM (woa) is getting a lot of traction and I would expect tons of devices to start hitting the market at the end of the year
This is probably as far from normal a thing as I've ever seen here. Amazingly huge red flags. I wonder if she lacks boundaries because of specific ways her parents acted in the past? Run, OP.
Windows RT only allowed for new metro-style applications, so you could only do Windows store apps, but it looked like normal windows. It was a bad idea. Windows on ARM will allow for all windows applications on an arm processor.
If he was running his SSD in achi mode, that could also cause some weird delays. I don't like cloning onto new hardware. Always reinstall.
You probably have a bootleg controller. They're everywhere on Amazon and ebay and just will not pair with Android phones. Sounds unbelievable but I had this same issue. Tried a friend's controller which came with his playstation and it immediately paired. I had a high accuracy scale so I measured both controllers and sure enough mine was slightly lighter than his and was missing a sticker on the back. Checked into it and it ended up being bootleg.
Buy the legit one, it will last forever and pair instantly with everything. Way better battery life too. How to find the real ones : they're the most expensive.
I think I forgot Djikatra is in the game. I saved dandelion and never went back to him. Actually I didn't do anything with Phillipa or Radavid or the guy in the caves (some soldier guy) Should I go see him?
The crones and Skellige are totally worth it though.
I did almost everything in Skellige, time to clear Velen. I swear this is the only game I'll ever need
In that quests defense the hearing Priscilla sing that song was absolutely beautiful.
At level 18 I took in the level 30 named fiend (forgot his name but he ate some guys son who was wearing a yellow tabard). I used all of my bombs and potions and was so thankful for alternative quen. It was an amazing battle. In the books, Geralt is going to die is he gets hit once or twice by these Giants. It actually made me feel like book Geralt. I'd like the monsters to always be dangerous and out level me by a bit.
Dark Souls combat is fantastic, it is very skill based, and most enemies can kill you in two hits, so it rewards you for dodging and rolling and interrupting your enemies. I really wish the Witcher played like Dark Souls, but it would lose a lot of the games character and cinematic fighting.
Those things are called leshen, or leshy. They're probably one of my favorite foes to fight. Actually you know what I just realized that I want? Random encounters with giant mean monsters. I feel like the worst I ever run into on the map is a leshen or a pack of wolves, or the occasional codpiece.
[This mod sounds pretty interesting](https://github.com/aschleg/witcher-3-enemy-scaling-and-other-changes). It makes enemies that you level less of a push over, while making enemies that greatly outlevel you a little more approachable. I actually like the mobs outleveling me being such a tremendous threat.
Did you find some comparable ones for the witcher 3?
I predict I'll be playing this game until the Witcher 4 releases some time in the 2020's.
I found one called 'Random Encounters' and it gave Geralt tourettes! I'll explain: * When Geralt sees a monster in close range, he'll say : 'shit' * The mod adds monsters with a customizable spawning threshold * I thought 15 minutes would be a good interval * it turns out the interval is in seconds I'd be fighting a group of soldiers, then "SHIT", a cocatrice, oh I can take it..but then "SHIT", more soldiers!...now it's getting REALLY ridiculous...SHIT a fiend! I didn't last long.
Trump was NOT my choice for President. However, I wouldn't say that Spicer doubled down, at all. From the article: &gt; &gt; "It was the most-watched inaugural," he said, when you add up TV ratings (which were comparatively small), in-person attendance (also comparatively small), and viewers of online streams. &gt; &gt; A reporter asked, "Just to clarify, you're not saying, and you weren't saying on Saturday, that it was the largest inaugural crowd in person?" &gt; &gt; "I am not," Spicer said. "I'm saying that it was the total largest audience witnessed 'in person and around the globe.'"
Why do they say that I have no idea what they referencing or why they do it it just drives me crazy!!!
I did* run that very command, but I still got the same error about missing those database binaries. I think I'm going to abandon this approach and look at running the docker container instead. I will say that I think the install of this product really is pretty terrible. edit: somehow typed the exact opposite of what I meant
Use patch my pc for enterprise with system center update publisher. It is incredibly cheap and powerful. PatchMyPc has some incredibly good and easy to follow documentation too. I've deployed it at about five companies now, from 500 to 6k users.
There are very, very few who passed that exam. It's like a unicorn certification. I took it, shit was really, really hard. Very good questions though.
Isn't a gambeson very thick layers of padded cloth? I've only learned of them from The Witcher, but that's what they look like!
I don't think it's necessary. If I really needed to test someone powershell skills I would give them a short test or ask them to talk about scripts they've personally written and personal problems they solved.
I try to be open minded, but I find this mutilation utterly horrifying and repugnant.
In the books, wasn't Geralt pretty sure that she is his mom?
This is what I would call ASMR. I tend to get those kinds of feelings when I'm near an artisan, like the time I asked this very soft spoken man at the Renaissance festival about his wood carvings. In that shop, the smell of sawdust rich in the air, he slowly described the sanding and staining process in this deliberate way. A pleasant breeze blew in and I just felt so relaxed. Sometimes, I get the same feeling in teavana, when the employees deliberately describe the teas and their origins, then waft the tea scent in my face. I think I go to Teavana a lot beacause of it.
I thought I was Christian, but wow, I think he looks good. That suit is on point.
The absolutely hilarious drinking scene in Kaer Mohren. Hearing Geralt become progressively more drunk and then the shenanigans they get up to. I've never played a game which made me laugh so much.
You know you can upgrade the witcher armor, right? Check your quest log and you should have some 'treasure hunt' quests for witcher gear. Go do them, starting with the low level ones. If you don't have any, go visit some blacksmiths and armorers and they normally sell the quest items. (it'll be a document with an explanation mark) A brief explanation if each another Wolven - looks like the other witcher like Eskel and Lambert, medium weight Cat - look like a ninja, light weight Ursine - super cool cold weather armor, fits right in at Skellige ,heavy armor Viper - if you wanna look like the guy from the Witcher 2, don't know the weight
They're in hierarch square, right next to the bank, you can't see it on the map easily
What is this? It looks like footage of various scenes from Wild Hunt.
Did you have any conflicts getting these add-ons working? I'm curious about the impact too of them
I was constantly laughing that entire scene. I like how you could be responsible and end the silliness, or you just egg them off. It was also hilarious when you played cards and Eskel obviously passed out during the game . He just stopped playing cards. Easiest win ever. If I didn't already completely love the game, that would have sold m me on it.
The scaling issues are real. Kind of regret getting the 4k xps for the same reason.
Right click the header, inspect element, delete. Should remove the offending elements!
Please excuse my ignorance but does this order specifically discriminate against someone based on their religion or is it centered on their country of origin for travel? Sorry I've had a busy weekend with kids and feel out of touch with what's happened.
It's astounding how quickly this schmuck can supplant our country firmly into the muck. Do citizens have no recourse?
I am not sure what you're talking about here, but as a parent, I just want to give this poor child a bath and a hot chocolate and wrap him up in a blanket.
Hey, don't bring the neopets into this!
I think you may have had a very minor seizure but I'm not a doctor. You need to call up your urgent care line and likely have a ecg
Urgent care, go now.
Or when someone is being too cute and makes use of every alias and shorthand. My goal is to write easily understood code. Sure, I sometimes sacrifice efficiency, but efficiency doesn't matter as much as suooorravokitt/supportability.
I tuned in to my local newstalk radio station for traffic today and caught Hannity. He was going off on the unmasking and the need to find leakers... And not a peep about us leaving the Paris accords, or any of the truly newsworthy items of the week. It's like a different world. I'm afraid I'm suffering from cognitive dissonance though, because I found the opinion and anger from his show totally make my skin crawl, and it was like I could not stomach it. I like to think I'm open minded and can handle people having differing opinions. I'm beginning to wonder if I am a part of the problem to.
It's either assault (if strong verbal threats are used), or could be classified as *menance* which is when someone threatening wields a weapon or dangerous object in an out-of-the-ordinary way. For instance, the person who crashed a car in Times Square a few weeks prior had been charged with menancing just a few months previously for wielding a large knife near a park (the location may be wrong). As soon as they start pushing or touching him with weapons like the bats, it becomes battery. It could be aggravated battery especially given the threats that proceed the encounter, if they were to hit him with a bat or ball.
I Miss Old Reddit SO Much
Most people turn off their brains and don't think through how anything works.
How do they expect to save face or gain anything by making this statement?
Azure doesn't suck at all, but AWS has a tremendous early mover advantage. Coupled with so much if the market being early movers too, and amazons Linux first focus, it is a hard market. Still Azure isn't a dumpster fire
You can! It was built from the ground up to bring the A I B I C model to Windows, while adapting to the reality that Windows is a DB and API based OS, while Linux is a files and services OS. If you work in Windows, you'll love powershell and it, being object native, is much easier than BUSH in some respects. You can select and compare members rather than indexing and manipulating a cursor.
You sound like Keith Olbermann.
And they smell like delicious olives
Hey, something I know about. It was obviously bs... Does that mean the electrical tape one was full of bs and funny references too and I just didn't understand any of them?
Speaking of toilets, you can easily increase your throughput by using the parabolic shape of your toilet. Simply apply alumina foil, or, if you're in s bind, break open multiple thermometers to harness the focusing power of the shape of the bowl Then suspend your laptop above the bowl. Newer laptops will also note the increase in humidity and us this to water cool your Cpu, but you can enable manual mode by plugging a USB cable in and dangling it into the water. Few people know that the third and fourth pins can transmit water!
My daughter is nearly the same age, so I feel like I can experience the same kind of palpable relief your family must have felt. Im so happy for you guys and I hope you guys go on some amazing vacations to celebrate. Do you have a go fund me setup? She looks beautiful! Congratulations
In the last year, I found myself having to manage Windows machines using MDM products like Air-Watch and Intune. In this post, I cover the options for silent mass enrollment, hope it helps! Feel free to hit me up with any of your own enrollment questions.
I hope he is under extreme protection between now and then. I've just got the feeling that something is going to happen...
I'd love that, to be a dragon!!
You fool you missed out on your chance to be an early investor in the Android Cloud robot watch
How so? I just listened to it and have a hard time thinking of a single point she won in that discussion.
Once a day Trump will be happy to talk about how he won the presidency, which I find to be a bit odd.
Bad idea man. I'd delete this
No that's going to end up playing like Skyrim and suck. I want a game with meaty combat, where anything can kill you. It should be Dark Souls style, but with the same kind of floaty, dreamlike story telling. Take place in the world of Game of Thrones but far in the future after the dragons have destroyed the Earth, and humanity is just barely holding on in small pockets against the undead. It's a perfect dark Souls style plot setup too!
Do you have any other favorite tricks like this one? I remember one shrine had huge balls rolling down a hill with water. You're supposed to use the ice spell to lock them in place...or you can use Stasis to launch the ball to the end of the stage, where it will land directly in the detector, beating the stage!
OMG I didn't know this scene was in the game! It made me cry in the books.
Can he run for president?
Your daughter is so cute! Mine is three and fascinated by bugs, lizards, you name it.
Mine take after me too *licks slug*
I worked for Siemens Completely forgotten and neglected IT managed services division. See, at one point, Xerox had a pretty decent IT services business going, and Siemens bought it out. Then totally forgot it existed. We'd go months without an e-mail from corporate, and when we got one, it would be in German. Eventually, we were bought out by Atos Origin, a French company, and then the e-mails changed to French. In four years, I never *MET* my bosses boss.
How the hell can they film that entire thing without overlaying the speed differences, or using the placement line graph again from the beginning? Big missed opportunity, I think!
Three times a week, uh huh
It's easy! You just eat three cans of beans and about a half gallon of yogurt a day!
I didn't vote for him, but I'm right there with you. I do suspect that he may owe some Russians some favors. I recall Trump bragging about Russian businessmen buying his properties for 10x their prices... I think some of those favors are being called in
Are the modern models as performant as previous designs, like the CPS 2500? Ive though about buying some from the store but wondered if older ones had better performance or features
Yup.
That art style is amazing. I would LOVE a Metroid game that looks like that. Instead, I'm buying every Metroidvania game released. Maybe if I buy enough of them, I'll get another Metroid game...
This guy making the post could easily lose his job. It's absolutely under blackout and he should have signed an NDA.
They even made fun of my name! Fliggbert Donglestein
Easy answer : use transcripts for something like this.
Memnoch is easily my favorite single book in the series.
I took my daughter to the Blue Ridge mountains when she was a completely unaware toddler with zero self preservation and my whole body was absolutely gripped with incredible fear as we approached any kind of barrier or fencing. The falls there were just... They were sickening to even look at. I have never felt so vigilant in my life as I was then. When we got back to the car, I practically melted into my seat with exhaustion
I'd love the game to have dark Souls style new monsters, new placement, new restrictions, etc. It's a fun world but I'd like some more monsters to fill it
I'd love to horribly play Linux and Lucy on that.
What?! It makes you jump higher? I remember thinking some skulls were only obtainable using grenade jumping or riding on your teammates shoulders... So much waste time...
What?! It makes you jump higher? I remember thinking some skulls were only obtainable using grenade jumping or riding on your teammates shoulders... So much waste time...
Just for back from four days out of town, this is just four days worth of mail from this election. Unbelievable.
One interesting pattern: every single ad against Ossoff has a mention of Nancy Pelosi. They use her name like it's an epithet
I got in to e3 for free back when it was only open to the press. This was the year that Twilight Princess was revealed and Miyamoto came on stage holding the Hylian Sword and shield. My friends and I got jobs at the college newspaper, and each wrote one or two articles for the Kennesaw State University and Georgia Tech newsletter about gaming around the campus. We submitted those as our press credentials.. And they were accepted! We enable to attend two years back in 05 and 06 (I'm guessing). It was a great experience and I got to interview the team from CDPR when they were in a tiny low tier booth off of the main show floor. This was before anyone knew who they were, and they gave us maybe 30 minutes and gave us each a very nice press kit with a leather school of the wolf emblem mouse pad. Awesome experience, I can dig up my photos if anyone wants to see what e3 was like 15 years ago
He should probably be making use of some formal writing assistance. I don't mean that he needs people to take over writing for him but that he should probably work with a team to help him break down the outline of what he needs to get done and then help him to brainstorm and think of the content for individual sections. I imagine with such a giant sprawling epic it would be very difficult to think of which way you want to go next and that kind of decision paralysis might keep him from writing anything at all for an hour for a day maybe for a month.
Me either, I just don't care anymore. I mean I look forward to the HBO shows but I don't ever think I'll hold physical finished books. I got used to this sensation by being a Robert Jordan fan previously.
I ran into him (actually, I'd been hoping to meet him and Sakaguchi the whole time I was at e3 about ten years ago). When I saw him near the restrooms, I just said 'boku no natsu yasumi no subette ga honto ni arigato gozaimasu', which translates to (crappily) thank you for everything from my summer vacations. I meant it as 'thanks for my childhood' but he looked very confused because a video game was released by Sony a few years previously to great acclaim in Japan called 'My summer vacations'. It sounded like I thought he made the game instead. *oh well*
We had the rotten egg condition and shortly after everything in the tank died. So sad...
Wow man, I'm so pissed on your behalf... Im happy you got out and I hope you have plenty of fun time in the park with your son
Appwiz.cpl brings up the old add remove programs. I think the products have more accessibility and shortcut features than ever. Universal powershell coverage for mass administration on all products is a huge win alone. Plus the Winkey + x hot key is incredibly useful as well! What else is frustrating to you? For instance if you're manually launching Windows Update to update servers a lot, tell me why and there might be an automated way to do it, which will be easier and more reliable for you (and hopefully less frustrating too ☺)
Is there a release date or rumored release coming up for Hollow Knight?
You'll need to pretty much immediately filter to the IP of your Switch. Get that from the network settings on your console, ip.src==YourSwitchIP Then, look for calls to Nintendo servers, which will be on 80 or 443. ip.src==YourSwitchIP &amp;&amp; tcp.port eq 80 or 443 Then you can start searching for body content of the packets to look for mentions of the known game or screen name of your sister's switch. This will lead you to recognizing the endpoint involved in that, which you could link to an outside service like Steam.
Hey, some of us aren't THAT dumb. *eats Crystal meth blunts while rolling coal in the Walmart parking lot* Edit: I live here and grew up in Acworth, so I'm allowed to hate my neighbors
#JON OSSOFF...CALIFORNIA... BARRAK OBAMA... NANCY PELOSI! That's the whole commercial.
I live here and you're completely correct. We had a one hour debate here with the two and Handel absolutely shat the bed, and offered no policy at all. In fact all of her attacks on Ossoff were word association tactics 'he's a Nancy Pelosi appointee, who worked in DC and California' That's it. That's her whole stance. Handel has been running for office for twenty years, time to give it up, girl.
And my confederate flag with tasteful nude Indian native American Lady fleece blanket too!
I'm sorry! I read the sidebar but didn't understand the distinction
It took me FOREVER to figure out what the hell 'buttery males ' meant. But her emails But her mails Buttery males Where the heck did that come from?
It really scares me that I need context of 'how is Fox news presenting this issue' to understand what my President is talking about. Let's step back for a minute and realize how fucking ridiculous it is that our president spends his time watching (and **commenting on news talk shows **)!! Never before have we had such a vindictive and vain president willing to dive into the fray. The era of a distinguished and educated person who acts with nuance and subtlety is evidently behind us.
The first step would be a false flag attack from the Korean army
Sorry, to a beginner (which I'm sure you guys get TONS of here) BitCoin is a good stand-in for any cryptocurrency. I didn't ask anything about ZCash, but instead how miners should choose which coins to mine. To me, this is a reasonable question for a Sub called BitcoinBeginners.
What does a street with permeable pavers even look like?
Whoa, Casca's eyes look very normal again here. When was this?
That was an emotional journey, but it makes sense that a road with loads of drain age would lead to sink hobos.
I love that song too! I looked it up once and printed out the music to play it. But then I forgot the name again
Have any proof? I've worked in kitchens in McDonald's, Zaxbys and Chik Fila, never seen any grill marks painted in, ever.
RemindMe! October 3rd, buy this game
Nothing quite as relaxing as him slamming the shit out of the metal coffee ground holder repeatedly.
You did an aggressively bad job on the painting
How would that affect the profitability of mining? And what about other coins like zec?
Readme should *always* include a description first of what it is first. Maybe I'm one of today's 10, 000 but I've never heard of a leavers script. Is this like a dead man's switch? The change long is nice to have though ☺
What's the idea behind this event? Is it a reboot of some kind?
I completely avoid it, by using the ForEach ($item in $collection) { #doStuff with $item here } The syntax is immediately familiar to people from other programming languages and makes my code much more easy to be understood. Even though it's cool that Powershell lets me jump in and do a for loop in the middle of a pipeline, that's a very Powershell concept that you don't see in other places and I always try to stick to programming norms for better understand ability in code review Etc
I didn't want to have to figure it out, it's always good to clearly label code. Who the heck will be googling 'leaver script' to find OPs code? No one. Step one to good sharing and basic SEO is to clearly explain it in the language your audience will expect it. The whole goal of sharing is for people to find and use it, right?
The name *was* kind of misleading though. Thanks for your other comment, I saved it to help talk folks through it next time the question comes up! Imagine if they'd called Intune Microsoft Azure SCCM. People would be rioting on the streets of UserVoice
One feature I'd love to see, since folks can login with their ad user account on an Azure ad joined machine. Allow multiple users on a machine. Maybe the machine gets a new property in that of 'allowed users' and then only syncs their passwords. Or, it could require Internet access for the first new domain user to login.
Okay I know I said I like to copy other programming languages structures but I don't go that far :-)
Good old Potomac accent, that
Dude you need to cross post this to /r/programming so we can get in the weeds about how you did this. My recommendation is wait till Monday for more bored programmers for the best discussion and attention
They use the concept of 'counting units' or 'counters' depend on what they're counting. Like we'd say 'one Nissan car', they'd say Nissan ha Ichi dai arimasu に 三は一台あります。
So best girl Yennefer actually smells like kiwi!?
Thanks for this info packed post. You remind me of Unidan in the best way. Just stay off the topic of crows...
Because of the cost, mothers don't seek out prenatal care which is bad for the baby and terrible for mom. On top of that, we also have babies later, giving us more time to be in bad health and eff our bodies up. We also are a hefty nation with generally poor eating habits, further contributing to the most dangerous common pregnancy complications. Most of these would be fixed if people didn't dread financial ruin upon entering a doctor's office.
Our answer to OSD is WDS, with the provisioning package baked into the image.
Has your father's thought process changed at all? I know with people that I've known, when things strike closer to home, the true nature of the situation becomes more apparent and can result in a change of view. Or doubling down. When people become conditioned and mentally view themselves as team X or Y, evidence to the contrary can be met with frustration and anger. *this sounds right...but those liberals like it. No, this must be wrong*
They sold a soundtrack only available through Nintendo Power that my parents got me for Christmas. It had a number of great songs, including a bunch of unused ones for Blast Corps and Starfox. I LOVED this version of the Starfox theme song. [Corneria Theme](https://youtu.be/PXIJQ61Mt6s) And I fell asleep listening to the water theme from Mario 64 for every night for years.
I still have the number memorized, as a very popular kid with a lot of friends, I spent a lot of time calling in and speaking with people who worked there, asking about upcoming games or if they had neat stuff they could send me. 1-800-255-3700 They sent me a history of Nintendo brochure, outlining their origins as a Japanese playing card company. I eventually began receiving very strange promotional VHS tapes, including one about Donkey Kong Country that went into depth about how many layers of snow they had in parallax in the snow stages, it was VERY 90's. I found [some of this video on YouTube ](https://youtu.be/wzgJSv3SEO4) Eventually I began receiving samples of some peripherals too, including a strange motion sensing controller which was horrible to use, the [TurboTouch 360](http://www.thevintagegamers.com/2013/10/peripheral-vision-turbo-touch-360-for-the-nes/). I did make me a beast at Zangiefs spinning moves though. Since Nintendo was there for me when I was a little dorklette, I've made sure to always stay with them, and have a Switch now. I look forward to teaching my children about Mario and Link as they grow up. Maybe we'll make a mecca to Nintendo Land in Universal Japan too!
This customer was interested because they wanted to get away from SCCM management of every machine and try some lighter weight management. SCCM adds a lot of complexity. If we stop taking it for granted that it is a must have, the MDM management story is getting better and better. Not every company wants the complexity or expense of SCCM. Getting Internet management basically for free with MDM makes it even more compelling, especially considering the difficulty a lot of folks have with PKI. So for smaller shops, shops with super mobile workforces, or companies wanting to move away from a big sccm management team, I think it can make sense, but there are shortcomings which have to be addressed. The bonus of management of all mobile devices with the same tool is a big plus. But It's not a one for one SCCM replacement at all. However, not every company needs that.
&gt;In medicine, comorbidity is the presence of one or more additional diseases or disorders co-occurring with (that is, concomitant or concurrent with) a primary disease or disorder; in the countable sense of the term, a comorbidity (pluralcomorbidities) is each additional disorder or disease. *this message was made by a bored guy on his toilet because he'd never heard of this word before*
Well, if your admins log on to end user machines ever they could leave their creds behind, if they don't have long enough pws
&gt;Me before having kids: who cares... &gt;Me after having kids: *crying intensifies*
Wow, I'm not sure how you knew that. Sure enough, me screwing with things in Trixx seems to have caused the clock to drop. http://imgur.com/95CTg2C I'll just leave it alone and keep adding ice cubes to my CPU cooler.
I'm using the 17.1.1 crimson driver, how about you?
I reset the settings in Sapphire Strixx by using the 'Reset' then 'apply' buttons. This got the GPU clock back up to 1060 Hz again. The only change I made from there was to increase the fan speed to 60%.
It is kind of similar. I don't recall the names of the chemicals but the first puts you to sleep, the second stops your heart and the final one stops your lungs
Yep, that will rehabilitate people and give them the skills they need to love a successful life after prison.
I really love his style! Especially for Wolvy and Rogue, it reminds me of Adam Warren.
