A slag tag?
I think that would be pretty easy! If I wanted to use the internet I could easily keep myself entertained with youtube/wikipedia/whatever for a day.
What would be a better choice?
Sideburn Sid. He was called Glenn and he lived on the army base with a load of huge snakes. Or the kid who used to pass out every time we did sex ed or anything even remotely related to genitals or reproduction. Poor bastard.
Yeah why those other guyz gotta bring the Pit down?!
A time where I need the money for something essential.
My farts.
There was a guy....I want to say Ben, here who slept with Peaches Geldof and posted pictures. I believe they took heroin together too. I would link but I just tried and got some pretty NSFW results so no dice.
A place to share and discuss almost anything online.
I think there should be a name for when you see like more than one bird. I suggest Fluck.
Why don't you guys have squash? Or why isn't it more common? Shit is tasty and pretty healthy and noway near as dull as water.
Ah you met Paul Moore, yeah he is kinda androgynous.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why use that word if you are going to have to explain it anyway?
Sorry I meant the drink, like cordial.
She...?
I did the same recently, someone pointed it out to me so thought I would do the same as I actually didn't realise!
It doesn't get read. Well it might, but it's not guaranteed which is why they suggest you don't.
OK well I ask because hopefully that might give you some insight into how he feels. He obviously likes those body types (as you like tall guys) but the fact that you aren't that exactly type isn't necessarily an issue, as his height isn't for you.
The best one hit wonder IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Google. &gt; -inurl:(htm|html|php) intitle:”index of” +”last modified” +”parent directory” +description +size +(wma|mp3) “Nirvana” Swap Nirvana for the band you want.
8 fingers and 1 thumb. I originally wrote 2 thumbs but realised I actually only use my right thumb for spaces, the left one is doing nothing!
ME?!
Shia.
Yeeah.
Marilyn Monroe is my guess.
All kinds of ways, reddit can be helpful - what sort of holiday are you hoping to take?
/r/IdLikeToKnowMoreAbout/ It's not actually interesting...yet.
I think you need Rick and Morty in your life, seems like you would enjoy it.
*This comment can only be viewed from IP Addresses from within Clark County, Nevada*
Hey I have seen you make this joke before!
Avatar and Titanic - showing audiences something they haven't seen before. Avengers - many popular characters with massive and loyal fans from various age ranges yet generic enough to appeal to others as an light action movie.
Clowns. I never really believe people when they say this, just think they are acting up for whatever reason.
Encarta.
Wiping your bum.
Well that depends, what time of day is it?
I admit I find that a little odd.
Do you like them or is it a convenience based diet?
What's American Cheese?
...Nookie?
Is that pickle as in gherkin or pickle as in chutney?
Where do you live and what makes it safer to eat there than elsewhere? Is that all meats or just certain ones?
Where do you come from?
The name Ants on a Log is so great. Not only because it does actually look like that, but it just has a nice flow/feel to it - not sure what the word I am looking for is. That guy said Cellar door was good but I prefer Ants on a Log.
And is she open to such things? I think you are eventually going to struggle if sex is off the cards but perhaps if you guys can explore alternative that will help.
Or China! Or Nigeria!
Sounds risky!
Bruce.
3 cups. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
A job for a company that has offices all over the world. I am currently trying to transfer from England to Australia.
Rad poisoning.
There is no magic, no. They are all tricks.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy works really well, maybe because it was originally started as a radio play.
Have sex with them.
Hunting?
The first time he did it - kinda pissed off and disappointed but sort of understood. Well she screwed him over pretty bad and he came back and all was good. Then he did it again with the next girl and that was pretty much it for me, haven't seen him since another mates wedding last year. I think it's a pretty shitty personality trait so it's his loss I guess, he has to live with it.
...not really.
A red light stops almost everyone but often people will blow through zebra crossings and the like so if someone stops and waits patiently for you and you raise a hand in thanks it's all good. Of course you aren't obliged to and nobody would really mind if you didn't, but it's courteous to.
Yeah I think we should probably use the correct interpretations, so cool.
Yeah but there is a grey area, some people will only stop if you are actually on it, some will stop if you are approaching etc. The law very rarely has to get involved in this interaction so a small bit of courtesy is fine with me. Being polite and courteous isn't really about *having* to do it.
You think I am coming across mad? That's odd.
Sunshine.
[Norwegian Recycling - Miracles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9qW6HEBo_c&amp;list=QL&amp;feature=BF) How can that not work!? Edit: Another great one: [Arrested Development - People Everyday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_4Y7Cei_bw)
Here is an /r/askscience post on this topic: [Why does coffee make you have to poop?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/1qb3x3/why_does_coffee_make_you_have_to_poop/)
A basic tool kit.
I think it's odd that everyone assumes they have those cars to be flashy or whatever. Maybe they like driving? Maybe they enjoy the performance?
Daily post.
I think that's fine. It wouldn't be my choice but I am probably less content in life and well balanced than this dude, he seems happy going to Butlins!
Someone asked about coffee a few hours ago, am I missing something? Anyway, 3 cups of coffee a day for me. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
Well that will probably take you more time but OK. Edit: Such a strange thing to downvote.
Why German?
Not really no.
Wrong thread?
Just you guys and N.Korea I think!
And then he woke up, and died.
Goats.
Oh yeah, really lame!
It's like paper, but for you snads!
Derek Paravicini. &gt; Paravicini was born extremely prematurely, at 25 weeks. His blindness was caused by oxygen therapy given during his time in a neonatal intensive care unit. This also affected his developing brain, resulting in his severe learning disability. He also has autism. &gt;He has absolute pitch and can play a piece of music after hearing it once. He began playing the piano by the age of two when his nanny gave him an old keyboard. His parents arranged for him to attend the Linden Lodge School for the Blind in London. On his introductory visit to the school, in the music room he broke free from his parents, then headed straight for a piano being played, and then pushed the player, Adam Ockelford, aside to take over. Ockelford encouraged him and arranged first weekly and then daily lessons. Aged seven, Paravicini gave his first concert in Tooting Leisure Centre in South London. [etc.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Paravicini)
I would have said Crocodile.
Are you saying people actually make use of their guts as handles during intercourse? It sounds like that's what you saying but...surely not?!
Why would you want him back beak-less? That's like 50% of the toucan.
I think many places would be find with the beard, but it might not be worth the risk. If you are struggling to find work you really don't want to give anyone an excuse not to hire you.
What did you think she meant?
Well of course, it's nice to have the basic tools to have a go though I think.
Anna Faris.
Nothing, you just work with people you don't bet on with. There are billions of other people out there, I am sure you would get on with some of them!
Cockapoo. My ex's mum was allergic but had one of these, they don't malt which helps a lot. Plus they are cute as fuck.
I just don't really mind being single, I guess. I don't trust myself in a relationship as I don't really know what I want and often am too independent and it just causes issues.
It being sunny. So rare here in the UK and it really makes my day so much better when the sun is shining. You guys in sunny places better appreciate it!
No more fairy bread for me!
True! Scrum halves I have played with have always been short yet formidable guys. Rugby is great in that pretty much any size of person can play a key role.
Come at me bro.
What are you thoughts regarding raising your kids with both parents but possibly unhappy vs raising your kids with divorced parents?
Have you been told not to discuss anything relating to the case?
What made you select that as the laptop you wanted?
Do you not think there is some aspect to it where people might not hit on those they perceive to be more attractive than them?
I have read some of the books and actually like that the show is different. It keeps things interesting.
Plus the factions.
This is about 10 minutes from my house! Yay?
How come?
I would like to see this done in other countries. Actually i wouldn't even 5 seconds of it has kind of pissed me off, but you get the point.
All part of the charm!
What made you select that as the laptop you wanted?
Witcher 3 is rated for 18 year olds, how do you feel about that rating having played the game at 13?
How old are you?
Well assuming there are no issues in this hypothetical relationship I would see that she is in the mood and attempting to get me into the mood also, it would work and we would make the beast with two backs. What happened OP? Did a guy just keep playing his game?
Nice, hopefully they have a similar temperament because he is by far the coolest cat I have ever met.
I actually only get this angry at my own stupidity.
Oh man, that sounds pretty inconvenient. Are they open decent hours?
Oh yeah that'll do!
That is a relief. I am hoping to come out there later in the year (for at least a year) so glad to know I will be able to get bladdered in a convenient way.
I think that is utter twaddle. Edit: Fuck I forgot about the no opinions rule, my bad!
Which was?
Thanks! Is that Castlemaine XXXX? They tried to bring that here years back but I guess it never really caught on!
I sent them a joke once, they completely ignored me. Bastards.
That's pretty fucked up man, they are terrible chips.
I wonder if it will be really quiet for a while, definitely going to organise a visit!
Where abouts in England? I love hearing outsider's opinions on the place I live!
Double, pretty much. Just image another of what you are seeing but several inches to one side. Both are equally real looking, it's kind of hard to explain. Everything is a bit blurrier than it should be too.
I have never tried to hold it for that long so I am not too sure, it doesn't really hurt but it is a little disorienting. I am always worried they might stay that way because I was cross eyed as a kid!
Advice.
Wasps.
The Internet - surely has to be on the list.
You are using ancient constrains but this is for the modern age!
Maybe they like the taste?
Procrastinate.
Typically between 5 pm and 7 pm.
Trolling because I asked you to clarify a comment? You idiot.
Just to be clear, there are currently twelve sovereign monarchies in Europe. We do have one (UK) and I ask myself this question from time to time!
Don't take this the wrong way but I would not be seen in public with you.
I didn't make a claim about nanny states so why would I list any? **You** did and I asked what you meant, you clearly are not able to answer so instead have just gone into cliche redditor mode, changing the subject and being snippy. Do us all a favour and don't talk about things you don't understand, would have saved us both the time.
How do you feel about all the white people on your land?
Your bread is just a bit sweet and I guess seems overly processed. Not too sure about the cucumbers, I was not aware they were any different to ours!
Salted is my favourite. The mixed stuff is pretty good though. Just sweet is very dull IMO and I don't particularly enjoy it.
Hmm, tough one! Probably Jamie. He starts off seeming like a stereotype but that soon falls away and even reverses itself. He puts up with an awful and arguably undeserved reputation and for the most part rises above it. He is funny as hell. He has a fucking badass gold hand that makes a cool noise when he catches a sword swing in it.
[I like this one.](https://holmesfromthecrypt.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/sandwitch.jpeg)
No.
Yep, I'll take rapey incest Jamie over her any day!
Always refuse their first offer, they will add a hundred or so at least. I wrote off my car earlier in the year and bought it back from them for the scrap value and fixed it with the rest if the payout. Worked out pretty well!
So only gangbangs are cheating?
I must be a miserable bastard because a free hug from a stranger would not make my day better.
I would buy as many ice pops as possible and give them out. Might help a little, it's pretty sunny here today.
Deck of cards. I spend hours and hours playing cards with my mates. A couple of quid should do it.
Yeah I just cannot find this cringeworthy. I get that others do so I am not moaning about the post, but it just looks like a dude in a amusingly lame sonic costume to me, nothing cringe about it!
"...I mean pregnant with emotion."
Ah that's cool. What do the meetups usually entail?
Ever been really surprised by what someone is like IRL compared to the image you had of them based on your online interactions?
Buy the best value items they have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FC3y9llDXuM
You claimed it so you prove it, I can't prove something doesn't exist - or rather I am not willing to.
How come?
Molly isn't new, unless you mean something other than MDMA?
A Ken Block donut.
[This Fahrenheit 451 cover is pretty cool.](http://i.imgur.com/icQ8bVC.jpg)
Sounds like a good way to bite your tongue...
Just you I think.
My sneezes are pretty violent, I can imagine hitting my chin on the desk and biting my tongue off. Pretty unlikely but still a concern!
Well the RLD in the Dam was part of what made me want to visit. It's just a really interesting and different situation so I was curious to see it in the flesh. I didn't sample any of the delights myself, I am not into that at all, but it was still awesome to eat a crepe in the sun watching hookers and johns do their thing.
Are you sure *he* is the asshole?
Are you hot?
Well I don't presume to speak on behalf of your particular asshole but I think maybe it would be good if other assholes dates the asshole boyfriends we are discussing.
Home abort....never mind.
Man my hobbies are track driving, coin collecting and gliding and nobody IRL gives a shit!
Well it's a little different here in the UK, but I don't have sky which I guess puts me in a similar situation. If it's a big game/match then I will probably go to the pub with mates to watch it. If it's PPV I will go to a mate who owns a huge TVs house. Sometimes just stream them if I am not too worried about quality. Luckily here you can catch a fair bit of sport without having Sky, the BBC can be pretty good plus ITV have coverage. Oh and my IP has a TV Business and provide me with free sport channels online which often have decent stuff on.
Watching the croupiers and tipping them. I can't gamble but I enjoy observing it.
Q. Seems more fun than an O.
Fuck that, it's Friday man I'm not going back you can't make me!
Spent a large percentage of my time on earth sat at a desk hating life.
[Maybe we could open the fridge every few minutes and see where that gets us.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3222to/i_have_just_turned_up_at_your_house_and_convinced/cq74lkp?context=3) Seems totally random which comments get gold and which don't, I have received it for informative comments and crappy jokes.
Oh my bad, I must have commented in the wrong thread! I was answering about unpopular pilot episodes so not surprising you didn't get it!
The fact that normal people can do unspeakably cruel and evil things given the right circumstances.
Awesome, [here is a taster.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V-k-p4wzxg)
Yeah sure. Though I have done it many times despite not liking it very much and I have a lot of mates who are rather keen on it/sell it who go to some lengths to get top stuff. This is in the UK so I don't doubt quality is generally lower than the norm in the States, there are exceptions though.
In the UK at least ecstacy means pills, usually of questionable purity. MDMA comes in crystals and is pure. I find the effect each has on me to be noticeably different.
They invented Hip Hop.
I can cook in a very basic sense. So I can do things like Pasta, Fajitas, stir fry etc - not really proper cooking but makes a good meal from ingredients. I can also so some basic things from scratch like Lasagne, shepherds/cottage pie, chilli con carne, pizza (I make the dough etc). I can also bake pretty well, I work in a rather female office so this has become a necessity. I can make a pretty some pretty lovely cakes!
Do many people outside of the UK know about Utopia? I never really see it mentioned myself. Great show, weird and violent.
I personally find Tetley's to be rather shit tea.
Which it is...right? What am I missing?
It's like Marmite for babies.
I don't see why not, people do stuff like this pretty often.
Or be Romeo Dunn. Apparently girls like that too.
Please give an example, I am a little doubtful of this one.
Fun Fact: There are called Mondegreens. OK that wasn't that fun, but the reason is kind of fun: &gt; [The term was inspired by "...and Lady Mondegreen," a misinterpretation of the line "...and laid him on the green," from the Scottish ballad "The Bonnie Earl o Moray."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondegreen) &gt;&gt; Ye Highlands and ye Lowlands, &gt;&gt; Oh, where hae ye been? &gt;&gt; They hae slain the Earl o' Moray, &gt;&gt; And laid him on the green. Yes I am available for parties.
Pasta, probably. Usually with chilli and tomato sauce. Once or twice a week, it's just so easy and delicious.
The English Midlands.
Running. Ever ran as fast as you can when pissed drunk? It's amazing, you feel like you are flying and the very real danger of face planting makes it exciting as well. Running sober fucking sucks.
He's a real character, he's a real character. It's been years.
No. Luck is just a word for when we don't really see the reasons/connections IMO. If you change something things get better you aren't more lucky, the chnges you made were good ones.
Fuck yeah I do! He is the best creature known to man. [Bonus, guarding the stables.](http://i.imgur.com/akrHizg.jpg)
Hmm, I save my for work most days and rarely encounter noisy poopers. Do you work with unhealthy people?
UK here. Currently....not a whole lot. It seems to vary wildly but at the moment there is a lot of focus on Europe/The EU, Greece, the FIFA/World Cup stuff. Of course there are always going to be stories coming out of everywhere but the spotlight does not currently appear to be on anything particularly US-centric.
Which bit? Edit: reread and I am guessing you are asking about the Helmet comment? It just means bellend or dickhead but is a bit more lighthearted.
Ah sorry I realised after commenting. It's just a more lighthearted way of calling someone a bellend of dickhead.
24 heures du mans - We leave tomorrow eve! Fallout 4 - Though I don't have the machine to play it yet.
Currently Reading The Gunslinger, liking it very much so far! Favourite book....man that's not easy. Maybe The Count of Monte Cristo.
Adventurous, strong willed, a little skeptical, open minded, fun, independent.
I would cure cancer. I am struggling to think how a war free world would work. When a people rise up against an cruel regime war is a fall out, how would that work?
Ah nice, which one? Hope they have a decent rapids! I have very fond memories of going there as a sprog.
I am making my annual pilgrimage to 24 Heures du Mans tomorrow and will be camping at the track until Monday. I am off to Devon in Aug with work mates for a bit of beach/boating/walking/drinking over a long weekend. Nothing else planned, trying to save up my pennies so I can head to Oz later in the year - more of a move than a holiday though.
All year?!
What poorly worded response.
Gout.
http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3934o0/you_marry_the_first_person_you_ever_had_sex_with/cs0cys2?context=3
You never know! I have been guilded for crappy jokes and for insightful comments - it seems pretty random!
Surely if her diet is going to remain as is then an increase in exercise can only help? I don't know much about this stuff tbh. I think it's also worth considering that she may enjoy the activity and decide herself that she could do with improving her fitness a little.
There is no such thing as luck.
Sounds like you have a better understanding of the science behind it than most, how do you think she would respond to a mostly rational chat about the health implications etc?
H҉o҉w҉ g҉o҉o҉d҉ t҉h҉e҉i҉r҉ o҉w҉n҉ f҉l҉e҉s҉h҉ i҉s҉ f҉o҉r҉ t҉h҉e҉m҉
Not really. More of a statement of fact with unfortunate consequences.
Pretty much anything geeky. People just don't believe me that I play MTG and like to binge Xbox all weekend etc.
Not quite! I am 6'1 but not particularly buff, I just have pretty varied interests which I think people are surprised by.
Personally I think it's best not to have an everyday demeanor that hints at sexually aggressive.
Pretty much just one thing really, I want to go to space. I know it's not likely. I have many more attainable things I would very much like to do but this one eclipses them all so greatly I don't think they are allowed on the list.
Blimey, that does sound kind of fucked. I honestly think I would go a bit mental if I couldn't have a decent bit of time off a few times a year!
Well I don't think this is the best comment you will get but perhaps it will help - here in Leamington Spa (50mins from Tamworth) things seem to match your specs fairly well. It's a town so won't be as hectic as heading out into Brum, there is a nice range of bars/pubs/clubs so you can have a chilled classy one of a grubby messy one if that ends up being needed. There is a pub here called the [Drawing Board](http://www.thedrawingboard.pub/) which is decorated with comics and stuff like that, might be a good place to organise some stuff. There is a strip club so if that ends up being requested you are covered. You could go to [Morgan's Bar](http://www.restaurant23.co.uk/#!/index.php) (above Restaurant 23) for some classy (and bloody nice) cocktails and/or food. Depending on when you are coming there might be some good live music on at the [Assembly.](http://www.leamingtonassembly.com/), often they have great cover bands. There is a shop in town called [BAM!](http://www.bam-ccg.co.uk/), they sell Comic books, Merchandise, Collectables, Warhammer, as well as Board and Trading Card games but you can also stop in and play - perhaps you could speak to them ahead and get something set up. There are a few pretty good vintage shops in town which you could always drop into when passing by, might be a good time to pic up some embarrassing attire for the rest of the evening. I would check out things around b'ham, there is a lot on there but I guess it might not feel that special if he goes there a lot.
Oh I kind of like him because of his love for cars and willingness/desire to share them with others.
I recently got a dashcam and am tempted to send my footage to the council, every day I catch buses going through red lights. Quite badly too, as in I have started moving through the junction only to have to stop when a bus comes flying through, I beeped at one and she just gave me a sort of defeated shrug which was kind of odd.
Got sources for any of that? Seems like nonfactual opinion to me.
What's the secret?
I think earth is dog heaven.
Something you can enjoy together while he is stuck in bed? I have no idea what that would be as I don't know you or your old man but is there a game you guys could play and enjoy each others company over? Could be a board game, and old n64 or whatever really. I think time with you will be the best gift you can give him. Edit: Sorry I somehow skipped your last sentence, perhaps something you could enjoy over the phone together?
Pretty much all top level comments on /r/relationships are god awful advice. The other day an entire thread of people told a guy he should lie about the fact he kissed his brothers wife.
They're probably pretty insecure, pretty dumb and pretty boring.
Any of the songs my mates and I played over and over on our summer trips after school finished.
Do you have 100 or more female friends or is one of them only part bang-able?
I wonder if we would starve before we ran out of oxygen...
Gotta be the [Pale Blue Dot](https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=pale%20blue%20dot) for me.
The Most Significant Other.
Dinosaurs of course.
Inflating a balloon and batting it around the house.
Surely anything you get here will be the opposite of personalised? What with us not knowing you or your fiance.
Did you kids just get this for homework or something? http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3a667x/describe_what_you_think_the_world_would_be_like/
Odd choice of words considering the negative health impact of being fat.
Ooooh! I got it....^^ShitIDon'tGotIt
[His lines in this add are hard to listen to without cringing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbHp2F8iX-I) Luther was great though. Love me some Fish Lips.
Apparently so, no idea what the actual point is though...it's not a relevant thing to bring up as far as I can tell!
It's a light, pleasant tingling, stop being a sissy!
She is very good at playing a posh old lady...wait.
They are Pakistani British. Or British Pakistani. OR Pakistani Britons.
You have enough shoes.
*Always ensure you rhyme,* *Of you might lose track of your poem.*
Lambo meet?
*Possibly* the most overrated film here on reddit.
Agnosticism, perhaps? I think it's perfectly normal to progress the way you are.
When you next lose a tooth you should put it in a small pot. Wait a few months then smell the pot. Die.
I like them! I think you would have to be a pretty cool looking guy to pull them off though. Are you a cool looking guy in general? Do you dress stylishly?
Perhaps?
Weird, I pronounce them both as spelled.
Harry Potter and the Enders Game. Harry is a cheeky fuck and gets his head paved in by a rowdy little fucker in a space suit.
The TV, probably.
I can find all reddit posts.
http://i.imgur.com/2YUZMw9.jpg That?
[Here you go!](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/37ebnm/kittens_in_storage/)
Won't that get a bit old once you turn 14?
Only teasing!
[Here you are.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/29qfnm/what_common_misconceptions_really_irk_you/cinik24)
Invite only or what? I am too far away anyways!
I am struggling with this one! There are so many stories that contain these elements!
[This?](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/30xrdu/til_that_139_of_americans_339_million_people_can/)
Nestle!...Oh wait. Erm, Monstato!....Oh fuck.
[How do you feel about these?](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=mens+hair+cuts+2015&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1230&amp;bih=585&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=2uiCVY_HC4LWU4zPg9gE&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ&amp;dpr=0.9) Anything you think you could pull off?
I think a little after that, maybe like 16-17? Maybe 14-15 is when average ones stop, heh.
That is fucking retarded.
I am a fan of dinner dates for first dates, I have noticed before that /r/askmen tends not to be. I like that you can't really hide behind the activity you are doing, you are face to face and engaged with one another. So I would take her to a nice restaurant then suggest a drink or 2 at a bar afterwards. See where things go.
Woah nsfw! Thanks for that OP (pics show automatically in RES)
Americans just like things to be more black and white in general, they are not as comfortable with nuance and the presence of grey areas in matter.
Weirdly, this worked for me - Set your alarm(s) a whole hour earlier. Your dumb morning brain won't be able to register that you have another potential hour or sweet sweet sleep and you will get up as you usually do, just an hour earlier. This sounds like a lot but instead of rushing your tits off to get out the house in 20 mins you will have an hour and 20 to get ready at a nice pace and not feel the need to burn the traffic lights to death when they turn red on you. I have one of those alarms on my phone where I tell it a half hour period I want to wake up in and then it tracks my movement for that half hour, when I am in light sleep it gets me up. It's really effective, if I do go back to sleep for 10 mins or whatever I usually feel way worse.
Don't be gel, I am sure you could pull them off!
What was the argument over the video game? That seems like a bad thing to lose a mate over!
Depends, am I wallowing or trying to cheer myself up? Wallowing - [Mazzy Star - Look On Down From The Bridge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwVXkM_YxMg) Cheering up - [Some cheesy poppy stuff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emOKaGi8u5U&amp;index=22&amp;list=FLv--jf8T3wWIih-MDmMz9sg) Bucking the fuck up - [Usually DnB](https://youtu.be/E_askVztOdM?t=62)
So you are saying you want to be a prostitute? Good one mate!
I remember when lazily acknowledging the funny parts of comments only got you a few hundred karma.
Well for a start I would collect more information than is currently being provided.
It was a pretty sweet gig yeah, they just ate food and fucked around (as you can see!). Yeah in the English Midlands, this all took place in Startford Upon Avon which I guess you may know as the place where Shakespeare was born.
Buy a dog.
Pottery. I saw that film.
I have had cats all my life and don't think I have ever seen one of their shits, they usually bury it right? I can't quite believe cats are shitting onto OPs plants.
It doesn't look like he has, no.
Do you think so? I think widening your social circles is one of the best ways for people who are not in education and don't work in a suitable environment for such things.
Cool, thanks. Would a guys voice not being deep be enough to put you off him?
Ah well yes in those instances I agree!
I think that's a little harsh, maybe they are just more casual in their approach to gaming?
I would say it's pretty meaningless IMO.
...dairy milk? Is it call Plain milk in some places?
I see I am getting downvoted...any reason why? Edit: My comments too, absurd way to react to a question.
I might consider the pregnancy yeah...the birth? Nooooo thanks.
Erm, the reasons are pretty well documented...
Well not really, no. Scottish accent is a British accent. There isn't really a British accent. Maybe you mean Received Pronunciation?
96.1% actually! Well, in the US at least.
Got a high school diploma? Sorry if that's a dumb question - I don't really know what one is so perhaps when you say no education that means you don't. Signal and track switch repairers earn a median salary of $55,450. Or you could apprentice as a Petroleum pump system operator, refinery operator or gauger. Median annual pay: $60,730. Subway or streetcar operators earn a median salary of $62,730 once you get through all the on the job training. Again if you are open to a lot of on the job training Electrical power-line installers and repairers earn a median annual pay of $63,250. Transportation inspectors - Median pay is $63,680. Hope that helps!
Well see you later then you bunch of pricks, what the hell even is this? Why am I the only one hey?! Fucks sake, just my luck. Can I at least get a statue or some shit? no? Well, bollocks to ya then.
....*Raises hand*
Well I guess that would be unsurprising, I don't get inklings related to specific comments or posts though.
They stole my wallet and gave me SARS.
Looks like a twenty pence piece but thinks she is a fifty pence piece! Yeah it works better in the states.
Magic Tricks. I mean, you ain't really magic but it looks great.
Well it's more to do with the success of their post than anything else I think. Posts with titles like that are generally well received.
But....your username.
Oh god this is perfect. OP people like this are a big part of the why.
Back peddle on what?
I am off to a wedding reception this evening, music festival tomorrow (just a small village one, was good last year though!) and seeing mates and preparing for a phone interview on Sunday. Should be good!
I am not trying to foster intelligent discourse, I am merely stating that when gun debates arise there is rarely any of it to be seen. Hence why OP felt the need to ask this question. Here you are calling me a dick and saying I attacked you based entirely on that comment, providing a rather hilarious example of the exact thing I am talking about.
Do they hold it atop a hill?
Good on ya! We will be expecting updates.
But is it funny? Spoiler: not even a little bit.
That's a little rich coming from the dude who wants to create fake text conversations in someones (private) phone in order to influence their "friends" (private) life. Boundries don't seem to mean much to you. I think it's wrong of you to assume you know how he should live his life better than he does. Don't you respect him at all? Your only place in this as his friend is to communicate any issues you have to him (if you really must) and support him in his decision. You don't get to dictate his life just to keep yourself happy. I think your friend can probably see right through you as you seem pretty dumb and he apparently holds your opinion in rather low regard already.
Well, some are.
[Foodfight!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uROQ9nplxIY) is simultaneously my favourite and least favourite animated movie.
I have not noticed a pattern myself.
I would be lost in space, somehow. I would also be in some kind of cool space suit that protected me. Clearly things have gone tits up and they think I am gone forever but something happens and I end up coming back to earth rapidly. So rapidly in fact that I hurtle towards the surface at insane speeds, the suit keeps me alive but it can't help me survive the impact. I hit the Gaza strip with enough speed to leave a crater the size of Israel...now known as the Marley crater.
I have not but I would certainly. I live in a pretty white area and have not happened to meet and hit it off with any girls who aren't white.
His kidding left!
It's been an hour OP, are you going to explain what you are on about or not?
Multiple dildos in butt.
A few decades... Edit: Screw you guys, it's right there in the damn title!
An assistant who worked on powerpoint presentations got told off for emailling his gf too much at work. To get around this he would type out his responses in the presentation then cut and paste them into email, this meant it was harder to look at his screen and spot him in outlook writing essays. This worked for a while but then one day I guess they were sending steamier than average emails and he ctrl+c'd when he should have ctrl+x'd. It was during a last minute change and was not spotted until the pres went to the client haha.
Yeah, kinda. I have a meal with my family and a cake at work. I then hold a field party in the summer months (BD is may) which is kind of my party but not really.
100% completely corruption free? I doubt it!
Specifically which evils?
Very little. I mean, the people I see engaging a lot in social media tend not to be people whose opinions I care about, so their likes or lack thereof are pretty insignificant to me.
Yeah, and kind of lame.
If everyone shut their eyes are once and turned off all recording equipment etc. the sky would turn green and the grass would go blue.
I swear every guy on reddit is in love with Taylor Swift. I just don't get it!
It's askreddit, they can ask what they want. If you don't want to share your business don't click on the question!
You gave [the same answer](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3apphl/fat_people_of_reddit_how_can_we_motivate_you_to/csertge) to OP...
How am I a troll?
Weirdly that is not purple.
Give you 5 more years to grow the fuck up, if you can't do it by then you all gets your eyes removed. Now you don't see skin colour. Yay.
Get back under your bridge.
Cover your mouth when you yawn, gross.
Cows moo Ducks quack Sheep baa Dogs woof Cats meow Owls Hoot/Twit Twoo Birds chirp Hens cluck UK. Edit: Also this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyVDUVJvDlM
I am not convinced that is the case. Perhaps there is a confirmation bias?
It doesn't matter. You don't matter. It's all insignificant. Hope that's better.
No point being sad about it!
They aren't good at tying shoe laces either.
Bless you. No, I am not religious. Edit: a comma
If you are heterosexual you do not have crushes on the same sex. You might like someone of the same sex and (tediously) characterise that as a crush, but it isn't.
Well surely that just tells you that those people are not 100% heterosexual? I agree that many people are on a scale when it comes to sexuality.
Quite a hard question to answer I think! I identify as heterosexual and I have never had any experiences with dudes nor felt the desire to but I doubt I am 100%.
OK then.
Literally opinion!
It's interesting and I enjoyed watching it but it's not all that funny, right? Or am I just missing it. God why am I saying this I am going to be downvoted to the kingdom of the dead...I love George but it's just a thought on this video.
Cheating on my ex. I don't really tend to regret things but this one is the exception.
Hold on, we have lots of those here!
Not really no, maybe it wold be a pink flag though - worth noting and keeping an eye out for any issues arising from the fact.
She sounds like trouble to me. She is keeping you interested without really committing to anything, my guess is that if you stop being there for her she will step things up a bit in order to get back 'on top' of the situation so to speak but nothing good will come of it. Move on, let her be upset and find yourself a girl who isn't playing games.
I don't think that's true, we absolutely do have a different cuisine to other countries. Sure there is a lot of cross over but to say it ain't any different it inaccurate IMO.
Too true, we love watching you guys try and play rugby/soccer!
Usually stuff to do with the fact that I apparently want to be far more independent when in a relationship than the girl does, ends up giving me no end of introspection and doubt and so on. It's pretty tedious.
Hell yeah, world cup this year!
It's kind of a shame I get downvoted for providing the facts!
No there are world cups for a lot of sports - soccer, rugby, cricket, ten pin, archery, gymnastics, badminton, fencing, shooting etc.
If you are interested the rugby WC starts on the 18th of September and the USA are in pool B with South Africa, Samoa, Scotland and Japan.
It varies, currently I am enjoying the shit out of Schofferhofer. I am an enthusiast in that I drink much and enjoy the hell out of it, I am no connoisseur though.
Gnats Piss man. He has the power to control gnats, specifically their piss. All fun and games till millions of Gnats swarm you and piddle all over you in front of your wife and kids.
Hey I would pay them to let me into the ISS, the salary is not a big part of that dream!
I have not but I think I can still say that you are treading on extremely thin ice! Tell us more about the situation, has she indicated an interest? Are you head over heels for her or just interested or what?
Hya hya hya hyaaaaaa!
...Biology?
Supergirl from the new TV series, she fine.
It's not a particularly nice drink, people chose it for the booze mostly.
I have always wondered this! My houesmate's gf came over at the weekend, I put a new roll in the bog on Saturday night and it was gone in the morning on Sunday!
&gt; tan/red/grey skin Eh?!
Sounds interesting, I am struggling to picture grey skin though...especially grey mixed with other colours!
A set of keys and some headphones.
What did you say?
Why so aggressive?
Calm down. You do seem pretty aggressive towards them so I wondered why. User for 2 months thinks he knows shit ha.
LOL ok. Christ I feel sorry for anyone who meets you in real life.
It's almost too easy!
Brilliant!
Oh he thinks insulting the "joke" is going to help, this is amazing.
From reddit or from the world?
Well his focus is going to be playing the game so I would just say have some food/drink/weed/whatever ready to go and just let him have at it!
Thanks man, that is incredibly helpful!
Great shout. I think they might be interested in specific client work I have done so will make sure I am ready to discuss them.
You need to explain to her that you are not comfortable with yourself when you are drunk and her insistence is pretty fucking uncool and immature.
If I could possibly trouble you for one more bit of info: if a requirement for the job is that 'your reputation precede you as a *job role*'...what specifically would one say regarding this? I am not sure I feel I qualify in this regard but it seems to be a somewhat waffley quality to have! Thanks again!
Cute is attractive without being particularly sexy. Hot is attractive including sexy. Cute girls can of course be sexy, but they come across more as sweet/innocent/nice.
That's pretty silly, there are plenty of male fans. Just because there might be more female fans doesn't really mean in *should* be discussed by them not us!
[Raging Speedhorn - Thumper.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlPv6A2FAJg) I like the aggression.
Guns.
"I am not really looking to settle."
I would not be interested, *at all*. I mean, genital warts alone is enough to put me off! As to your edit, I am 27.
Safe in what way? Smoking it has detrimental health effects so it's not safe in that regard. It is safer than that many people think? I believe so. If you eat it it's very safe. If you vape it it's very safe. There are of course exception, people with underlying mental health issues can encounter issues if they use weed excessively. It's use is mostly as a recreational drug but many are finding it has health benefits relating to a wide range of illnesses/conditions/ailments.
No both of those are pretty safe. Smoking it in a joint/bong/pipe etc is not as safe because you are inhaling smoke.
Well you might as well tel us what you would get!
Me too actually. I love a good Masaman.
You guys get Mr. Pepper at McDonalds? Dammit!
Love a good peshwari! There is a Cantonese in my Town called Ruby, odd.
How come?
Well if you ever get the chance I recommend it, it's really great!
Well if you ever visit England you will love the selection, there are 15+ curry houses in my town!
I don't do anything apart from the obvious. Salsa and pair yoga sound like they would just make it worse without actually helping!
Medical grade cosmetics? Appearance Plus.
Egg.
My mate and his family went on holiday and when they came back someone had shaved their cats ass. It was otherwise unscathed and didn't seem to be stressed out or anything.
The second time I snapped both bones in my forearm in half they fixed it with metal so I have scars all the way up both sides of my forearm. The one on the inside of my arm stretched a lot width ways so they redid it, this meant I got to watch them cut my arm open and snip out the scar tissue then stitch it back up, it was so coolgross!
...true!?
Bi-curious?
I used to watch Entourage and fucking haaaated the intro, such a shitty fucking song!
A guy I know recently got back from Thailand and got a blowie off a couple of ladyboys and had anal sex with another. He identifies as straight and I didn't argue because he is hard as nails.
I count anything that is anonymous as not being quite IRL.
Fermented herring.
I can't see people saying "I came across...." without my mind going to the gutter. Sometimes on reddit I see it and make a joke and get downvoted.
Dad?
Just get Zenmate and watch it on US Netflix man!
30 year old fat chicks like them, nobody else I know seems to.
I turned off the final episode of HIMYM about halfway though, so pretty fucking far!
Gene Wilder. It's a shame really.
Something I often wonder about is whether I am being daft by assuming certain women would not be interested. For example, if I see a girl covered in tattoos with face piercings and a partly shaved head and stuff I might be extremely attracted to her but I always assume she would have absolutely no desire to date me because I am nothing like that. I always assume they want some other alternative as fuck dude because, well, that's who you see them with 9 times out of ten.
Yeah kinda. Sometimes I think it would be cool/fun/rewarding to own a dog but then I visit my mate who owns one, it's a bit like that with babies.
Depends on the subreddit. I think with most link submissions (as opposed to text) you will see more success if you use a vague title, literal titles are not at all popular these days. So instead of 'Cat licking it's balls' you would say 'Jeremy loves a good fur ball' or something, that's an awful example but you get the point. It's good if you can make it a story of sorts too. So you would say 'I came home today to find jeremy has become addicted to fur balls'. Even better is if you add cliche reddit bollocks because, well, reddit likes cliche reddit bollocks. So you would put 'My cousin went online and this little gem just casually popped up on his newsfeed, jeremy loves a fur ball!'. And so on.
These are great!
Ah for that you need to put a line between paragraphs, so press enter twice basically when starting a new paragraph. OR you can just put a double space at the end of a line, then the next line will be another paragraph but with a smaller gap than the double enter method. Like This. *OR* Like this.
Uber: &gt; Uber is evolving the way the world moves. By seamlessly connecting riders to drivers through our apps, we make cities more accessible, opening up more possibilities for riders and more business for drivers. From our founding in 2009 to our launches in hundreds of cities today, Uber's rapidly expanding global presence continues to bring people and their cities closer. A lot of people are using this service in instances where they may previously have used a taxi service. Taxi businesses are being negatively impacted by this, and some believe this is unfair due to the fact that Uber drivers operate under less stringent restrictions than their own businesses. In France this has resulted in a strike by taxi drivers. The French are pretty vocal when they are pissed off and this is just an example of that.
/thread.
What's the most lighthearted car crash you have had? Gibberish.
Well no, it isn't really. BUT you seem to have taken his not talking to you as meaningful, perhaps he attributed similar meaning to your earlier action of not talking to him?
Well I don't have a new GF but I have new girls I am seeing and all that. I think about my ex most days, we broke up almost a year ago. I miss her in ways, not in a 'want her back' way but I miss her as a person, she was very fun and cool and just generally someone I would like to have around sometimes. But that's not really realistic.
My mate got implants and they look pretty good. Not cheap though but damn he gets a lot of girls and I can't help but think this is helped by him not being balding.
Everything, you guys are the whiniest bitches I can think of. Straight up, the community as a whole makes me cringe and want nothing to do with it.
Dude your head goes at the top not in the middle. I am 6'1 and my feet only just go off the end of beds.
I am white, male, over 6 foot, slim while eating what I like. I think I did OK.
&gt; thats all a person needs these days How do you mean?
Yeah I have seen many man boobs but none that I would call perky. Guys have such shit tits.
Would you expect otherwise in a thread asking for reasons people won the genetic lottery?
Oxygen.
That was a pretty bad decision.
Sack Racing. I love beating the marathon running guys at the work summer BBQ. There is even a full page photo of me mid leap in the companies graduate prospectus with the caption "Will you have fun at *company name*?". Oh dear.
Nothing like that at all as far as I can remember. I mean obviously there was a feeling of terror being unable to move but nothing visible or anything like that. Perhaps it wasn't sleep paralysis but I wondered for years what the hell it was then when I heard about SP figured that was the closest explanation thus far.
You either use the foresight you mention to get over it or you learn the hard way. Or you don't and are miserable, up to you mate.
Happy Birthday!
Shit, I take back my point.
True, though I remain optimistic. She can't get enough of this sweet, sweet sugar.
It's not wasted if you learn from it, I bet you have learned a tonne. I have no degree but work in a good company and am applying for senior jobs and getting interviews based on my experience. A degree is not the only route to success.
Well yes I have, not quite the same IMO though.
I turned it on towards the end and it was just him on an emtpy stage in silence, was pretty confusing. Eventually a song started and it was alright, I'm not a huge fan of kanye (or pop in general) but enjoy a few if his songs. I do kind of enjoy him as a person though, he seems kind of nuts and his ego makes him interesting. His voice isn't very good so it was just like listening to slightly worse versions of those songs.
He is like a shit, too late, weaker version of Ali G. No idea what the appeal is.
Holy crap that was bad, I haven't cringed so physically in a long time.
...rule34?
I am seeing this girl at the moment and it's really made me realise that my ex and I were not all that compatible in bed. This girl goes full Bambi legs every time and spends about 20 mins afterward in a daze telling me I am awesome. That sounds quite braggy but you did ask! I don't think my tricks/techniques have changed that much. It makes me feel really good, I enjoy it a lot and it's extremely hot seeing her react. I don't think my housemate likes it so much. I do occasionally feel like a walking sex toy for her but as I don't really want the relationship to go anywhere (complicated) I think that's OK.
/r/relationships don't explain your ban, they don't even warn you that you have broken a rule once or anything, just a ban and that's it. I commented on a post that had very little response, the guy was on a cruise with his gf and caught her getting fingered on the dance floor or something. He was pretty glum and had to spend the rest of the cruise stuck on the ship with her. I felt bad for the guy and thought it might amuse him to jokingly suggest he ask her to talk out on deck and that she might accidentally fall overboard. The mods in their infinite wisdom took that as me genuinely inciting violence and instabanned me. I did send them a polite PM asking about it but never heard back. Seemed pretty dumb to me.
I don't really know, girls sort of glance at me quite often but that's about it - could be checking me out or they could just be looking around I guess, I really don't know! If I smile they usually smile back but sometimes they will quickly look away when I spot them. I have a mate who gets checked out/hit on all the time so it certainly does happen more obviously. He goes into shops and then gets texts/emails half an hour later asking him out for a drink and stuff, it's kind of insane (he is a plumber so has his number and email on his van). He can just sit poolside on holiday and grunt and girls will come over and tell him their mates are interested and stuff. It's odd because I have plenty of attractive mates but this seems to be pretty rare for all but him!
You will see a clear divide in people's opinion on spoons. I think it hinges on how you feel about their food, if you are impressed by it you are likely to be the sort to rather enjoy spoons. If you find the food to be kind of awful then you are likely to be the sort to rather go somewhere with a little more character and a slightly higher price.
Mustard. I like most spicy/hot/strong flavours but I find mustard to be absolutely disgusting. It's a shame really as I love all the things it transitionally goes on and people tell me I am missing out but even a crisp with a slight mustard flavour is gag worthy for me!
Anything to do with religion, US politics, guns, feminism. I find they rarely offer anything of value and tend to just be idiots arguing in circles.
Hats (the classic sort as opposed to baseball caps etc). I like that wearing a hat out was the done thing, I think it would be cool to see everyone rocking classy hats.
Trainspotting, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Usual Suspects, The Truman Show, The Thing, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, The Prestige, The Pianist, The Matrix*
This is me looking terrible. Worked well for a redditgetsdrawn post though so I have it to hand! https://i.imgur.com/aEL56s3.jpg
How come you go back in time if he shot you?
You look engaged?
Ask him out for a drink? No it's not at all intimidating if a girl texts first!
I only kiss sluts.
I admit this is the case.
Huh, perhaps a trip to the opticians is needed.
Bad in humour or bad in taste? Because I thought you might be going for one of those but hoped not.
Well thanks!
Did you mentally or logistically prepare yourself for an 127 hours type scenario? Or at the very least practice your Franco?
In the UK we usually pretend to have spotted something in the direction away from the person, pretend to check our phones, see something intensely interesting on the group right at that moment etc.
Now I am curious how you lot seem to be acquainted with one another.
Ah cool, clearly you made quite an impression. Was the meetup fun? I am always curious about reddit meetups.
Make sure it's her butt she is talking about, never ass-ume!
Oh just your and Dajbman22's comments implying that I would think you were a slut if I met you.
I bet they aren't actually threatened or offended by your intelligence specifically, it's more likely to be how you come across. They might say that but...well people sugar coat things.
Just enough rash cream.
Probably.
Cock. Balls.
&gt; Couples
I used to work with a women who had some odd habits. One of them involved her pretty much constantly picking at her skin and eating it, usually it was scabs on her face but I also saw her go in for a bit of neck and lower back skin on a couple of occasions. She used to bring in cakes from time to time and force them on people. Though I have no real evidence to suggest there was skin in the cakes I can only assume she was up to her usual tricks while they were being made and that alone was enough to make eating the cakes undesirable. I made excuses for a while but it started getting pretty awkward and she was an otherwise lovely person. I ate the cakes. I fucking ate them man.
Oh cool, that surprises me a little - what sort of things?
It's the quickest and most efficient way to let people know how gentle a sir I really am.
Broke up with her.
Is he ticklish? If so, work on some holds (look em up!) then during your next bout you should momentarily tickle him which will put him in a vulnerable place, use this moment to engage the most suitable hold and see what you can do. I think that's you best bet at impressing him somewhat without just hurting him.
The hairier the hornier, a rule not many appreciate to their loss.
2 up the back and sides, blended quite high (no step). As much weight as possible out of the top, take the length down but leave enough so I can style it. I wear it to the side with the front up a wee bit.
He was the original lead singer of the Queens of Leon I think. He died in a plane crash while eating only blue M&amp;Ms so they had to replace him.
&gt;**Glitter Bomb.** So I guess pretty confusing but nice and succinct! [4168 points, mental.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/356fys/if_wars_were_won_by_being_the_most_annoying/cr1etm5?context=3)
Got back from my 11th 24 Hours of Le Mans a couple of weeks ago, it was bloody great! Definitely worth a visit!
How likely is it that you'll be with me for half 6? Mish was asking what the plan is
How much attention does the man bun garner?
"Obligatory ......." - Usually when they are jerking themselves off over getting a lot of upvotes etc. It's not obligatory you tit, you want to say it so you are. Don't hide behind that just because you know you sound like a tosser. You don't get to have it both ways!
Oh. Only dick head girls are like that.
12 Years a Slave.
Jiro Dreams of Sushi.
I am British, hmm what to pick. Probably The Bengal Famine.
I hardly think about it at all.
They might not base their diet on morals but rather on healthiness.
Poor people are quite unsightly. I mean, they get to look at this when I get to look at their grubby self.
I know a guy who took so much xbox he cracked a lung.
Gin and Tonic. Tastes good, British, refreshing, effective, simple.
I think the deliciousness is highly debatable. They are usually chosen for the booze alone.
Old fashioned?
Right but not everyone agrees on the best combination.
Man I love me an old fashioned, bit of a faff to make though!
Surely it's no more efficient than all the other alcohols with the same proof?
I think any place where controversial topics are discussed anonymously you are going to find most extremes.
If you find one you like, click a username you see there and look where else they post/comment. I find this is a really good way for finding similar subreddits
