maybe its new uniform for pride. Reused again next year?
Ramona is like Jax to me. Fun person to be acquaintances with but difficult to be close with. If you get upset with what either of these people say or do to you, you cant get angry at anyone but yourself because they don't care or have shame.
You need the right combo
Don't forget [Mr.President](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/07/23/65/072365e9406d458d59988f13b04724c6.jpg)
I feel like she gets leeway because she of her prior fame.
I understand her motivations though. Like deep down your parents would know that you really had premarital sex, drank or did whatever they don't approve of. But we pretend we didn't to keep the parents happy. No point getting them upset about things they refuse to accept.
With a mum like hers I am not surprised. Hopefully its just fillers and other reversible things she can stop with no ill effects one day
Its cause they dont pay for the food.
Kandi would finish eating regardless
I am assuming it was season 3.
Outside this sub Porsha seems to be a fan favourite.
More visible than the Great Wall
Boris is definitely in all the seasons.
I hope someone uploads this episode fast.
that wwhl interview was a start.
Lmao does it mean Ken/Katie?
Yeah but no one is fighting for James to be on like they are with Kristen
True. But to them this is more like a work trip masquerading as a birthday trip. If one person can't go they lose out on camera time.
not working today :( I think they all come from the same source.
lmao possibly. Poor Lisa, having to keep cheques just for Jax
He seems out of his head in his interviews.
she should know better?
Tom 1 because he looked after James before James and Kristen hooked up
Lisa tries but does he ever listen?
I hope thats her real reason and is using Jax's place for cheap rent
Add Kim Field's kids in too.
no wonder it sounded familiar. Other reality stars have used it too. It's the new "editing" excuse.
really? I guess Faith is more age appropriate than his previous girlfriend
The movie was a quick 90mins so I decided to quickly dot down what got my attention: - Kenya's acting feels alright on its own but when she is playing off someone it seems bad - [Kenya's kissy face was bad](http://i.imgur.com/L68ePli.jpg) - The actor who plays Boris' younger self looks nothing like him and actually looks older than Boris. Boris should have just put on a wig and shaved his stubble. David Banner's younger self looked more credible. - David Banner loves drawing booty in prison(I have to say his full name for some reason) - asking someone to check their bath water to get them to leave is the weirdest thing I have ever heard - Kenya and Boris live in a very ugly and tacky house - Totally not creepy that David Banner is looking at Kenya in the bathtub - Housekeeper speaks in English and then suddenly *"Me no speak English!"* wtf - TIL going to prison turns you gay - David Banner is one nosy houseguest and really wants to mess Boris' life for payback - Omg he is a monster! Just walking through the glass door to get that bossy housekeeper! - David Banner close your door when you are entertaining strippers! - Yeah David Banner's lady friend rub it into Kenya's face that she can't have children and can't cook - Nice close up of lady friend's tramp stamp at the breakfast table - Took almost an hour before Bai Ling got on the screen! - She is not disappointing! Her crazy orange outfit to her money belt - David Banner's lady friend really loves showing off her boobs whenever Kenya's around - I can't tell who is worse actor. Kenya or David Banner - I like how they had the cards catch on fire in the middle of the table to represent Boris losing - threesome with Kenya! - did Bai Ling forget how much money he owes her? - these gangsters don't seem to understand street value - [Kenya's totally uncomfortable sex face](http://i.imgur.com/eYKP07W.jpg) - lol the way Boris yelled "DEAD" was almost Arnie like - whats with these weird special effect sequences as metaphors - bye David Banner!
lol it wasn't LVP it was Dorinda! But LVP definitely embodies that
easily if Katie doesn't wear a crop top wedding dress
I am assuming its one of the two homes she got through the divorce?
It's a 90min movie so I'd say go for it, you might notice things that I didn't in my dot points. It's not The Room but it's not boring.
Omg that really annoyed me. I hate this cultural appropriation nonsense. My family is from South-East Asia and we don't get these people telling us how sacred henna and bindis are.
Shake that!
maybe they can get into it through you!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I would do if I didn't have to carry the things myself
Yeah. I think it feels slow because we are watching it week to week instead of a binge.
No wonder David hates reality tv. He wants it but he doesn't know how to act in front of the cameras.
what kind?
lol thats the best reasoning I have ever heard. I hope they do fat transfers to your boobs.
Single white female
I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and I think production told the others they would let Lisa know and then didn't to create drama
if she new boobs in private why would put it on tv?
* It took me a while to realise Stassi was right because her instant dislike of Scheana and her attempts to ostracise her really put me off. We haven't seen anything about Scheana at that point to understand Stassi's dislike other than her history as a mistress. * I grew to like Stassi for the first 2 seasons. 3rd season she was the worst. * Wasn't Ariana's brother with the guys at the Miami trip? Why would he lie? *
With this group Vegas is a dangerzone. At this moment the worst we know they have done is get ill advised tattoos.
Gotta keep up the illusion of being broke waitress. I swear either Scheana or Ariana have said that they are lawyer rich from VPR
I guess this baby's name won't be Kash
don't forget to stop at the Polo Lounge
Is Nicky the only semi normal one?
idk some celebrities like to confuse things by repeatedly putting their ring on and off
I wonder what Nene's chyron will say. Cynthia's friend?
What will it take for everyone to stop talking?
I hope Kathryn does too. There has to be a reason why becomes full time instead of being kept as a friend.
If Dorinda has a partnership with them featured on RHONY I would die. It's miles better than Jill's thing with Kodak.
omg the new gigi controversy?
I think its because we are so used to seeing these women's faces. A normal person who never touched things like this would have more expressive faces and can actually frown.
According to the bakery's website &gt;At Sweet Lady Jane we break our own eggs, peel our own apples, roll our own pastry, and squeeze our own lemons. We use only the finest imported chocolate, the freshest butter and cream, the highest quality in-season fruit, no mixes (as many bakeries do), and **no preservatives.**
thats a thinker of a comparison
Made me think of this [classic video about the DM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFfWykH05Gw)
Atlanta is the perfect franchise for people who complain on the BH threads every week that its too slow and there is no drama. There is real and manufactured drama on the show every week. I feel like this tally needs to be taken out before every episode of RHOA as a refresher
Pretty much I guess, otherwise this sub would be a much quieter place.
I think that event invited so many on the D list. Jill was there.
So true. Eddie barely seems to care and is just around as arm candy.
She seems like a very private person who is being thrust into talking about personal matters on national tv. How she treated Kenya wasn't right but was this the only way to get her to talk to Kenya?
Easily if they ever get on a professional shoot and they get styled.
I would have been fooled too if I hadn't watch Alex's recap videos before I saw a single episode of RHONY. It was interesting watching it that way.
The stress of the economy at the time and losing his job definitely didn't help either but I never thought about Alexis' possible impact.
So he is just doing an updated print version of the Fame Whorgas blog. Sadly none of the drama he and new cast members concocted was good as the stuff that happened between seasons 1-4.
If Cynthia didn't have the urge to bounce from relationships before she met Peter, she could have still been with him!!
I hope its with a montage of Porsha's bratty moments.
She really shouldn't be jealous of the kind of attention Porsha gets.
ikr It sucks there is only one source for the livestream.
With the way things are between Kandi and Phaedra I thought it would make more sense if Shamea or Demetria planned her baby shower.
Add her to the list too or even Don Juan.
Its crazy how stunted Porsha is.
your own family stole from you?!
The show may say its holiday for Jax and Tom's birthdays but it's a work trip in reality so I can see why he expects to be invited.
I chuckled at MJ's flashback!
They are doing a RHONY with 8 housewives.
Yeah when Kandi gets mad it's always deserved. With her family she has a high tolerance level and she doesn't drink either.
There seems to be no sign of Kim either. What has she done to deserve the peach?
I definitely see your side. If Kenya just treated her mother as someone who rescinded her rights as a parent. Her grandma pretty much adopted Kenya as her daughter.
Will we get a discussion thread going so we can watch at the same time?
He probably got a pity invite to the group activities through Max.
but then I saw there was someone called Ron Jr who was labelled Kenya's brother. I guess Caleb might be Ron Jrs son.
Idk why Scheana and Katie are so desperate to include her into the group.
Lmao I like how Tre took that as an insult. The bakeries inside my local supermarket are just as good as the chain bakeries we have here.
only in parking lots.
Or it's just not worth a costly lawsuit or don't want to cause the Streisand effect. Interest in what Jim has to say is dwindling away fast.
* The restaurants are big tourist spots thanks to the shows. * The trips the cast members take are fully planned and Lisa acting exasperated at them asking for time off is an act. * When the show isn't filming only one cast member works a token shift at a time as a tourist attraction.
Good on you! Changing your eating habits for the long run seems way more daunting to me than exercise.
So Tom and Ariana are going to be further ostracised from the group?
I knew it. It makes sense since that style of dress is more fashionable now.
James drinking = waterfalling fireball whiskey
Stassi's drug of choice was Adderall
They had blackout sex at that point?
That's true.
LVP sangria and Sav-B are like the show's drink
That's why. We watch this man not wash his hands and make our drinks!!!
That pool needs to be sanitised!
Which is the right thing to do but their friends are forcing them to interact a bit too soon imo
Scheana is the biggest hypocrite there is.
It really does since she flinches all the time in disgust when he goes for it.
never has been any other reasons for the entire group to hang out other than vacations and birthdays.
I have read a couple of articles from this source about Housewives and they seem a bit delusional. I can't put a finger on what exactly makes me feel that way.
I wonder how they afforded it or its just a photo op
they should have him on the line any time a VPR cast member is on.
So am I. The villan look really suits Max
yes! That was such a gross comment! I think when a girl is really a girls girl they don't have to announce it
and the supplement industry is so unregulated, who knows what's exactly in them.
I guess it was assumed to be the latin HW franchise because Bravo likes to market different franchises in neat packages. * Other than Kim Z there never has been another white cast member on RHOA. * Jersey is all Italians. * DC and Miami are the only casts that tried having a diverse cast.
its working?
Andy's trademark hi's like he does at the reunions
I don't think we will get anything totally juicy from Andy until he retires or leaves Bravo. He can't give away work secrets or openly bitch about a HW just yet.
It so damn hot today, I wish I can go to the pool
I think the worst is Kyle.
Kyle can go but I'm never tried of Lisa talking about her pets.
He only loves himself!
So random. Didn't think there would be KKB reference tonight
She probably did her "I'm up here and you're down there..." speech to Lisa
You can make a career debunking whatever Yo and Shannon endorse.
maybe they are in the HW context but they are not so different to what mainstream artists release today
I think that's good thing. Overhype can kill the show if it doesn't automatically deliver. Some people here really hate the slow burn drama and want ATL style fights every episode.
Made me think of doing a roast for this sub with a twist. Instead of a traditional roast, people would describe you like Lisar.
yes!
Stassi and Kristen are now the outsiders of the SUR group.
kind of dramatic when you compare it with that picture of her modelling with David from season 3
Ita about Teresa
could explain why her show was cancelled. He may not control programming anymore but he must have a lot of influence
I see it as payback for all the times Kyle imitated Lisa
Yeah someone was worried that it would attract trolls but I think this sub is well behaved.
true unless she learnt new skills from her bff The Devil aka Kris Jenner
It's not the first time I have seen an American think Aussie-style burgers are weird. Coriander in a burger doesn't sound too crazy. That's true about the meat. All they have is skewers of emu and roo.
After seeing some posts from fatlogic I can see that. The place where she got her surgery looks like an upscale spa and its called Feng Fitness. Not a very reassuring name for a top surgery clinic.
you never know canned beets can become the next hot ingredient. Kale used to be animal feed and decoration for salad bars.
She must be one of the youngest HWs ever
So true. There are so many artists who are not in the mainstream but are making bank in their niche. Artists today make their money through merchandise and live gigs
As an actual Melburnian, I say they do a pretty good job. Its the closest I have ever heard Americans do a normal aussie accent.
She looks to be the quiet one. Gizelle and Katie seem to be the biggest sources of drama based on the women talking each other.
Couldnt think they can outshine their normal levels of grossness as they are doing in that photo
I watch it to follow their jokes and participate in this sub. The discussion posts are hilarious
[I can't tell if OP wants to be the new Gigi or not. ](http://45.media.tumblr.com/a1721556559fad75a5a358494a9c56af/tumblr_nxks1fvuIb1ql5yr7o1_500.gif)
Really shows how much make up they all wear.
I have no idea what Charisse was saying
They are black
its funny what Alison was saying applied more to Camille than Kyle. By that time she was so drunk she was spewing shit.
I actually liked the emphasis on family life. I felt sorry for Luann's kids. They begged for her attention but she rather hang out with her niece and act young.
I liked that they found this good balance between the women interacting with family and each other. Im a fan of Silex because Simon is Australian and found Alex's awkwardness relatable. Its funny how his (and Bruce from RHOMelbourne) metrosexual ways confused people. They tried to front but couldn't which was funny.
has it been copy edited at least?
This Youtuber is so up his own ass he will never hire a ghostwriter and he gets his fans to give it 5 star reviews,attack people who leave proper critiques and accuses them of judging before reading.
Don't they normally do that due to lack of resources so they end up going back to their old habits? Teresa has no excuse in that regard, she has her extended family and Bravo supporting her.
I think its from the guest house.
The fact this book opens with her own birth and the overall quality of the book reminds me of Alan Partridge's autobiography. At least that one was bad intentionally.
I know she was complicit in her husband's crimes but do you think she knows enough to commit these crimes by herself?
Isn't she 35?
I have only seen from season 4. I think Tamra and Vicki viewed Gretchen as a threat. Ever since Slade called Vicki, Ms Piggy her face has been morphing into a plastic older version of Gretchen's. Bravo changes with what will bring the bigger ratings. People always complain when the housewives go on about their regular lives on camera, saying its boring and there is no drama.
Praying I can watch both on livestream tonight
A classy D.C. that doesn't have any Salahi's imo
They were great TV but awful people.
Most likely. But whenever he speaks out to the media its always feels like a slam against Phaedra
she bought her lawyer daughter as backup
this season's greatest injustice
like the ski trip?
What? I am so confused how Kenya's family drama has anything in common with Nene
Lol requiring loans to afford hair extensions is a bit naff
seems very metrosexual
Maybe lower your expectations to a NY or NJ standard
yeah I couldn't believe I found the Lala and James episode under Graham Norton
YES!
The laneways are not these women hangouts. Neither is the arty side unless Gamble goes back to work in Melbourne as an art consultant If there was a Hills or Made in Chelsea style show set here they would definitely hang out in those kinds of places.
Charisse and Karen are operating on normal people rules. They need to loosen up. Gizelle hasn't wasted any time acting like a seasoned reality star
Isn't it like super early morning over there? I am guessing people on reddit will relate more to VPR than RHOBH
She seems to love teasing attached guys
Scheana's on the top of this sub gives me fright. It looks nothing like her
Considering that she had to get black out drunk to have sex maybe not
so we can't blame Jax for them anymore?
I agree. Just once and never again for me.
They are still together so maybe not. Jax has the excuses down to a science.
I hope she an agenda for putting up with Jax. He has his excuses down pat, he always blames editing for his behaviour. He did it a lot in his AMA
closet organising is a fulltime job!
she and Nene reconciled but doesn't seem like a real friendship like it used to be
Between his toilet scene last week and this episode I think he forgot
In reality tv 20 years = old money
Nope still married but her book did get trashed in the media.
I like Max and Faith being the quiet young ones on the show.
they may play broke on tv but they do have money unless they are spending recklessly. Even though Shay isn't a full cast member he and Scheana can broker a deal where he gets discount for publicity
So true. It still seems a bit stupid that Karen and Charisse are lording over Gizelle when she belonged to Potomac society from birth and they had to marry rich husbands to get in.
Apart from her rude comments about etiquette she doesn't seem to show off any other personality traits
Don't think he is aware of the cameras anymore.
The show wasn't that interesting, it was only watchable thanks to the WWC podcast
That's stupid. If no one was talking about reality shows no one would know about her music
They all like Faith so she is always excused.
Wish my mother was like that. She would allow guests to always go on a tour through our house which isn't that interesting. One lady insisted on looking at my bedroom for a while until I told her look at the guest room and imagine it was green.
I was looking for it when I rewatched the episode. I see the resemblance but its not what I expected
I have low hopes that it will shock me.
It's better than the other other one's skills
its just flashing youtube logo :(
It seems to be a series of high and low points in the sisters' relationship with no obvious catalyst imo. Kyle outting her sister was a low and so was Brandi's involvement in their rift
True. I have been jaded by Bravo too much.
is Lisar the producer's plaything?
is he preaching? I thought he acted desperate for a peach.
maybe it was a little joke for the viewers?
Is it something people born on that birthdate do?
Its working for them
I think Ken's just on the defense immediately because of what happened in the past
Didn't Lisar and Eileen get bumper salaries because they are already well known? I remember some news state that Eileen got 6 figures
Someone needs to build an app for that
She was harmless apart from lying about her name and being a cheerleader but her husband Tariq was awful. My hate for him rubbed off on her.
It sucks that the level of expectations between Jax and Kristen are different but I guess Tom has always known Jax is not a trustworthy guy and Jax hasn't tried sabotaging Tom's new relationship.
It seems on par with RHOBH, mix the superficial and serious sides of Hollywood. The OJ Simpson stuff doesn't feel as intrusive because it has been public news for so long. Its amazing timing that this storyline is running at the same time as the upcoming American Crime Story anthology. It will one up the Brooks storyline that boosted RHOCs ratings.
No one gets paid well in their first seasons, unless you are already well known name. At least they won't get the pittance the VPR cast got paid.
and Kris Jenner
Ariana's mum tweeted that she reached out to Scheana [for entirely different reasons](http://cdn1-www.realitytea.com/assets/uploads/2016/01/ariana-madix-mom-twitter.jpg)
She was being auditioned as a HW but I guess it didnt work out because all would talk about was how much she hated her husband and didnt cause drama. Shs also missed the Paris trip where she could have redeemed herself.
they always seem to pick someone who is at the last end of their 15mins and need cash fast. The UK has their own selection of reality stars so I guess they prefer washed up entertainers from the US for the star power
Its hard finding bravolebrities doing shade properly since it goes against their dna. I can say for sure that RHOA cast are terrible at shade! Even One Direction members can throw better shade than this! Might have to resort to masters like Obama, Mariah, Martha and Aretha. For me I can't tell if when someone is being shady but I know for sure when its NOT shade.
Then the woman has no shade game because shade is subtle. Shade is more like a backhanded compliment so when you try to call it out you look like you are being irrational and rude, not the shade thrower. There is some shady behaviour going on due to Yolanda and Kyle from their fighting from season 4.
If only we were housewives you could have flown her over.
They didnt even record the taglines separately for the first season! So RHOC season 1
I feel like Keisha will be another Kim without the excuse of having kids.
Same. We wont get enough gossip for them even in their home countries! Don't see anything about Cheshire on uk gossip sites but I do get the odd Melbourne gossip item.
Someone on this sub said that they spoke this woman's daughter on twitter? She might become a 7th HW if there is a 2nd season.
someone went through the extended Potomac trailer and highlighted how often she showed up. I guess she could have been housewife no.7 if she didn't get disbarred
Lmao Guessing they are upgrading after all the flak they got for the house. I agree about the decor. It looks at least 15 years out of style.
At least she had edges then
So true! Melissa house looked pretty bad on the show when they got that evaluator to check it. Things were actually falling apart.
It's hilarious how her husband divorced her because she wanted to be a housewife so badly.
They had to do something since Danielle didnt want to come back. I blame the mess of season 3-4 being filmed back to back for all the problems. By the end of season 3 Tre and Mel had resolved their issues but as they watched season 3 while filming season 4 it caused problems. They had to hide the real reasons they were pissed off with eachother.
Omg I couldn't believe that she was seriously thinking of joining the show as Pinkie Vanderpump. Yeah Cedric seemed like her substitute son since her own son was in the midwest at the time.
Yeah its like they copied RHOC season 1 when they did the same thing. It's very jarring today. At least RHOC picked short sentences. Vicki's is a [classic] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5pVdzidjWQ)
Lol everyone this season doesn't want Lisa to own the colour pink. I just call Rinna, Lisar.
He might need to get that surgery that British socialite had after her nose collapsed from coke use. It involved cow bones
Her what? What season was it? Tammy was fired because she she came back with the guys to the house after the crew left and snuck past security. Basically violating security and since the crew weren't there who knows what would have happened between the housewives and that guy.
Lol Pinkie is a stripper name? It reminds me of a character from those Jeeves and Wooster books.
yeah he's pretty much keeping me here
I had this idea that the Potomac cast is a bunch of Kim Gs.
I think those guys are just passive viewers who take everything that is on screen at face value. No one is questioning a HW's or the producer's agendas, editing or following them on social media like this sub does. Yo has noticed there is scrutiny thats why she is deleting instagram shots
Gizelle should just let Karen borrow her wig.
I feel so #ettiquetteeducated
I hope this woman just styles her for red carpet and not her daily life
At least they have assistants and nannies to take care of it
LVP on the loo? Robyn in the shower last week wasn't a horrendous sight
Not sure what exactly but thats what /u/birdsofterrordise had said on her excellent blog
This lunch is doing the opposite to what Kim wanted
She looks as if she was wearing natural makeup looks without makeup!
Phaedra getting her own Walter lmao
I hope Potomac gets successful enough to get its own night
Sexy times with Ray Ray
Mrs Huger herself or her mole?
I am crying rn. Why is Karen conducting security checks for Charrise's party?
Denominations below $50 dont exist
Karen is pulling double duty as Quad and Lisa Nicole with the dramatics and the background checks. She can be her own one woman drama
I am totally the opposite. Can't stop!
Isn't the saying $2 bill. Maybe she thought it was beneath her and said $10. https://media.giphy.com/media/yJu2jIQZgPubm/giphy.gif
Imagining signs around Potomac, 'No bills below $20'
Can Potomac socialites be seen in such unsavory establishments?
It amazes me when girls from northern England and Scotland would go out clubbing in shorts and mini dresses without coats mid winter.
Oh god. I had to deal with that a lot at work. Everyone pays with 20s since its the smallest you can withdraw from the ATM.
Charisse and Karen only
I am sure they are all waiting for the renewal announcement to start renovations.
I think Ashley said panties wet in her really weird voice
Maybe she did have Lyme at one point but it's clearly not there anymore. She and her children don't seem to share similar symptoms other than vague tiredness and loss of memory. All the blame is being pointed to different things and there is no consistency. Its a life inspiration even though my dating preferences are closer to Katie R's.
I rewatched and had a good laugh
Yeah that would be gross. At least David seems to go for appropriately aged women.
gotta go all the way. It sounded too plausible. Mohammed's fiancee Shiva is the same age as the older Hadid sisters.
Yeah it really bugs me that she always speaks in absolutes instead of just saying she has good days and bad days. Daisy from Blood, Sweat and Heels was undergoing cancer treatment but didn't seem on her deathbed like Yolanda is.
too successful for lyme. The other one needed an excuse for her DUI and the other other one needed a media boost for his modelling career.
He probably is now, but that was his original prison and I am assuming where he was at the time of filming?
Yes that's what I meant.
Makes sense why I am liking it so far.
&gt;Karen is Hanky Best comparison so far. He is working but he seems to come from an accomplished family.
Isn't this the mother/daughter therapy show?
True but she probably needs the reality money and thinks this will tell her side of the story http://www.realitytea.com/2015/12/14/kim-richards-new-reality-show-with-daughter-kimberly-jackson-filming-therapy/
yeah spoke too soon Its not as horrible as the time it crashed in the middle of the opening credits of RHOBH. The streaming service overwhelmingly prefers Atlanta.
There is another therapy show Kim is casted on?
I am assuming next year same time unless it becomes a hit like Melbourne and can move to a different time.
Dropped up 30mins before the new episode started :(
Ah this new upcoming one seems to be like a celeb version
Jealous she won't get access to Lisa's fabulousness while Faith is
I don't under Scheana slut shaming, you are no better than Lala and haven't redeemed yourself
That was a low.
She thinks she is Sur Queen.
I hope its not the guy Kristen is actually going out with right now
Most of us swallowed Scheana's victim act and she looks fun so I can see it.
Are you saying her current drag queen makeup artist isn't good enough?
I wanted to see my home city Melbourne and then I moved around different franchises. OC and NY were the last franchises I watched.
Its not the colour thats awful to me. Its the flat style!
Guillermo's face being so in focus and Lisa's is so blurred by photoshop its hilarious
thats a crazy idea but I see it. I thought they haven't done it yet because the tattoo itself has to heal?
/u/tallwindycitychik has elaborated on the reply to me above
Scheana is just jealous her music producer husband isn't doing much
no one can be that savvy I think we just need time for people to come out and spill
The US should join the rest of the world and make it 18!
Its silly. Can't people just go to Canada or Mexico and drink their hearts away anyway?
How did Kylie Jenner do it at 18 on KUWTK?
They were natural once but I think plumps them up because age thins your lip
Taking a break. We need Kathryn time now
She is nosy like us and always suspicious of new people due to Brandi and Cedric
NO MOAR LYME!!
Love it keep the storyline moving
Oh Kyle, love what she did with the seating arrangements
Kyle let "that orangutan leave her cage"
I am not 100% but she definitely looks it in her younger photos
Next week after the first episode of that mini series
Brandi
I wish this was in the episode. I love the silly bonding moments in BH.
I guess they are ok if you don't do them on a regular basis.
These look like awful attempts at boudoir photos for her husband. She would benefit so much from lashes and filling in her brows
&gt;LVP is a digger but she goes directly to the person and asks them, she doesn't ask other people which makes her more genuine in my opinion Yes that's totally the difference in why Lisa questioning Kyle or Eileen didn't feel as bad as Kyle questioning her about Mohamed. Its unfair to ask what another person's opinion is.
I hope it just performance anxiety.
We have solved everything. The other one has Lyme for sure!
if this party is a 2 parter I will be very happy.
best comparison
Wish I could upvote this post more than once
scheduling?
Looks very promising. Hope the 8 Housewives can deliver another great season
He needs the book? That lawyer on the Teresa special behaved like a babysitter making sure Joe didn't incriminate himself on telly and ensuring everyone stayed on message.
That's true but the point is why this picture was posted after yesterdays episode?
He stole another pair from the hotel. Jax does love pilfering things
His song is so corny and only fit for vines.
The WWC guys had the best description for the rabbi. He is basically the Jewish version of the OC pastures.
he got caught the night before and no one probably found out until the next day? Or they found off camera time so they had to recreate the scene?
Seeing Jax's face on a sidebar is a welcome relief after Charrisse's.
Maybe at their age they can't drink heavily and do it anymore on the same night. Aren't they all 30+ now apart from the 4 younger ones?
I find the Katie and Tom thing weird. Is it the fact they are filming? Which they can never say. I feel like they are always drunk. Who day drinks on the beach hiding tequila in tampons and sunscreen flasks. After a night of heavy drinking the night before and later on that day too.
Its the baby of Kim's Bride of Frankenstein wig
Phaedra's baby shower never fails to make me laugh. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1uzRH6CbFI Everything about Phaedra season 3 is hilarious, from her boughetto ways to her lying about her due date.
I don't like Scheana but that wasn't porn, that show was as graphic as a game of thrones sex scene. I agree she and Katie are just jealous of Lala
I would like Australia's New Jersey minus all the bankruptcies.
Same it wasn't another Jax and GG.
I was thinking their faking happened in s8 which is what this episode will be about. Peggy was s6
you should be asking Kim Z. Popping out 4 in such a short time...
Might as well read the breakdown by Fame Whorgas where they highlight all the lies and creepy advice she and Joe give in the book. His words of wisdom are pretty awful.
Just the reunion. She was pretty blah on the show. I have yet to finish season 3
I wonder if that's why her insta was set to private again.
She should have uninvited herself to her own party
It's like an outburst of anger over 8 years they have known each other.
It certainly was made to cater to us.
Nah it's her Asian side
I guess the so called source saw the Farahani cases and thought it was Reza.
I felt bad for Jason. He was this normal guy who got thrust into the spotlight. I still believe B leaked her own pregnancy.
there is special balm that people sell to make your downstairs area look pinker
makes me miss Heather. Carole definitely is a reflection of whoever she hangs out with.
yeah that was nice. That jumpsuit was like her version of going Erika [Jayne](http://www.lifetimetv.co.uk/sites/default/files/styles/max412/public/assets/square/RHoBH6-Erika.jpg?itok=embZsiyn)
&gt;This married reality show cast member is not at all what he appears to be. He claims to have a variety of businesses on the show. However, he holds no trademarks on any of the products and businesses he pushes on the show. In addition, he has a number of financial and legal problems including a history of foreclosures and bad debts. I have no idea if he even has a job, but it certainly not the one he portrays on the show. His business partners are equally as fake. Word on the street is he runs with a few of his cast mates who enjoy partying to the fullest. In fact, I’ve been told he completely missed the birth of one of his children while out on a two day bender. He’s not a southerner, let alone a southern gentleman. It’s all scripted TV. I hope this post doesn't break the rules since the original blind is from banned source but has been reposted on Blind Gossip.
Yes! I knew I heard the story of JD missing the birth of his child before.
I think she has explained that her home life was abusive due to the father with her mother being the main victim. Alex vouched for it so I don't think she is over exaggerating for a storyline or sympathy
I knew it! It was long overdue. I liked Heather's daughters wearing the dresses and holding oranges it was cute.
If there is a need someone will fill it.
Maybe sell an aspiration is better descriptor. Here is a review http://iasshole.org/?p=1771
Nope that flashback had the key elements. Luann asking B what the drink she ordered is called and B says it's Skinny girl's margarita. Which Luann mishears and renames it Skinnygirl margarita.
I am waiting for Bethenny/Jules fight that has been promised.
It certainly does roll of the tongue better than The Skinny Girl's Margarita.
I think she was just joking.
This is so old school getting bootleg copies
Andy said this episode took over the period of 2 and half hours. Which is nuts.
I heard conflicting rules like Luann is allowed to a courtesy Countess title until she gets married or the courtesy title is only reserved for the Counts first wife. Luann was no.4. Either way its just her trademark not an actual title.
Yes. She apparently had a successful business selling cashmere and she was working somewhere until Richard died.
They are planning an NYE wedding atm
So I have been watching all the spin off Housewives shows and finally landed on Don't be Tardy. I am really confused on who is at fault for the fractured relationship between Kim and her mother. I am not the biggest Kim fan and I found her order to ban everyone from her home and get a port-a-potty for the wedding ridiculous. If privacy at your home is so important why not hold it somewhere else? It seems to me that Kim is taking her mother's seemingly minor complaints as character assassination. I am trying to figure out whether Kim and Kroy cutting their parents off is on them or their families to blame?
I am equal fans of Luann and Bethenny but I understand going postal after a decade of stuff, most we which probably never made it to our screens due to editing and how often these women hang out in their free time.
Rino did show up on the Teresa checks in special. I don't think the twins can ever mesh with Tre after being the only cast members to call her out on her prison sentence. Why do all the people calling out Tre and Joe have to be the worst?
Claudia had no storyline except her disgusting feet.
Have you tried her spin off? That might you a reason.
I would too if I was being paid
They are still together because she is his only income source and I guess not getting married until they get a reality show or Slade clears his debts.
I like the colour scheme and the idea but the artwork ruin it for me. That modern squiggle might look better in person.
The only difference was Bethenny said Skinny Girl's Margarita and Luann heard Skinny Girl Margarita
Geez Tommy and GG were the voices of reason this episode. Wish Tommy would turn the volume down. The comedy show was painful predictably and glad Shervin is back even though he has no storyline other than GG and his lack of game. On next week's preview, how many businesses is Asa planning on promoting on this show?
Karen Huger's Mole has a [Twitter]( https://mobile.twitter.com/karenhugersmole) and so does her [Hair]( https://mobile.twitter.com/karenhugershair) There is also Slave Joanna's [Twitter]( https://mobile.twitter.com/slavejoanna) Plus Yolanda's [Fridge]( https://mobile.twitter.com/yolandasfridge)
MJs mum being cause is a no brainer but his other points were very insightful. I hope they stay together.
The kaftans seems the most legit and in the past she seemed to focus on one thing per season.
She might get accepted for that celebrity dating app that rejected Brandi.
Why does Pat keep hosting all male dinners? The guys on this show are 10x more dramatic than a dinner involving Kathryn, Cameran, Landom, Danni, Jennifer and Elizabeth will be. Plus I hope Craig's old boss chews him out again and so done with these accusations of paternity. I believe Kathryn that they had the test already and TRav is just humouring JD instead of shutting it down.
Omg it looks like beautiful room they had ruined with the tacky bright furniture and those weirdly placed floral arrangements.
Wow his old boss's house = dream
His old boss is so on point.
Poor Shep so many rejections this week
She made marriage pact with him! I wonder if she would follow it up.
They were shelves and couldn't see from each side of table.
They normally mention if it's the season finale.
They probably left once they were done filming for the day
Apparently the boat was a storyline and she was living somewhere else which probably didn't go with her single and struggling storyline
Next week
The Charleston homes are beautiful though.
Nope.
Her crime is not being able spin it in a fun likable way.
I think most of their psychics are good enough to praise their clients which Allison didn't bother doing.
Both but if I had to choose it would be Dallas. SC yesterday was a quiet episode before the shitstorm next week
Right wing paper who are hire the worst columnists. Currently very Anti-migration and sexist with their side bar of shame. And in the past were openly racist and homophobic . The book Flat Earth News goes into detail how the Daily Mail works especially their churnalism which is directly creating news from press releases, social media and copy from sources without referencing or ensuring their accuracy because the journalists working their are under the pump to produce copy and publish content. Great for showbiz news but not my news source of choice for real things. I hate read it a lot but a lot of people don't want to give this website traffic. I would have posted from another source if they ran a similar story with the pictures.
Very. Blind Gossip is good at creating stories from articles and filling in the blanks.
I mean Masterchef Australia lol. No one trash talks and they only help each other out. I hate the sabotaging and strategic scoring on other shows.
Disappointed the phrase 'My Journey' wasnt in the title
Sad it's not something that can ever be regulated, we are expected to do our own informed decisions from independent research. They can only go after people who call themselves doctors without medical degrees or peddle snake oil.
Carole would do it for her friend Yo.
Clearly he is a [model]( http://surrestaurant.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/4.jpg)
In the world of churnalism and listicles Reddit is the perfect source for other media to poach from
I am sure she knows about more than one. These guys actually hang out with each other without the show. The Delesseps either had an open marriage or they cheated on each other.
Where has Ramona disappeared to?
And they are free. I really want to see what kind of work they do that grants college credits
She not using Santa's present?
Maybe it's the jammies Dorindas gave
She takes too much on the drive up to Berkshires
She definitely does. Eileen wasn't worth her sky high salary and I hope she got a pay cut last season.
Me too. So much vitriol in the words.
I think Bethenny is sucking off her life energy.
It's winter here so my nose gets as congested as theirs and I can't afford the marching powder.
She was very careful not to go overboard on the almonds.
I was going to hunt down that space age disco reunion dress
If Mia Farrow has to Google a picture of her daughter to wish her happy birthday, Luann doesn't seem so far fetched.
[Story checks out]( https://www.instagram.com/p/yX71iPkNoe/?hl=en)
I think she looked better. I know the blonde is her thing now but I can imagine the darker hair would be more flattering
Used his real name? Setter isn't his real surname.
True. Some people were saying that even the real deal Lyme is hard to diagnose. I just hope GG doesn't have to produce medical records to shut these guys up.
&gt; as all three so far have been from shows produced by Evolution. So true! I just felt Jersey was a good candidate because it has so many secrets. With RHONY I think Jill and Andy are probably on better terms and I bet Jill regrets not talking part in the 100th special. If Bravo offers to pay for Alex's costs to travel to NY maybe she would participate.
Finally got my wireless mouse to start working again. Took me 2 weeks to realise I had put in the new battery upside down.
Too much! .5 Almonds!
It's Vicki vs Tamra again. Lizzie was meant to fight with Tamra last season but backed out
I wish we could see the two groups fighting.
Monday
I don't see the point of skipping at all especially RHONY
It's sad that even today Ryan is a mess. I guess it's real life where people never change.
I am shocked.
It would have been perfect if they let Luann wear red. OGs in red!
I hope LVP has the sense from blocking them from filming
I see it too with her story about being mistaken for the Filipino nanny. I bet it never happened though but probably what she taught of herself when she goes out with her kids.
Lmao yolanda would never. She and Gigi are too important
Brandi looks very pretty in the Talking heads which I assume was done by a professional. Hopefully she keeps a makeup artist on retainer if there is a season 2
If it's only coming from one source it's not believable. This reeks of lacking research and jumping the gun.
It's interesting to get someone's impression after a binge watch. I remember watching RHOC 10 every week and just getting bored. The Brooks cancer drama felt really drawn out and people seem to be avoiding the topic (all which I take back after RHOBH s6!). As I understand Lizzie agreed to downgrade because she didn't want to go up against Tamra. There was meant to be another wife Katie Hamilton who dropped out due to drama with her husband. Without these other women on the show the season felt really bare and Megan really irritating until she started investigating. Apart from RHONY (which is so intense that break is required) I tend to enjoy these shows more on a binge than weekly.
I wish the producers didn't listen to Mike and shown all the stuff they managed to film.
Can they? That would be like changing the VPR theme
Most of the NY and ATL women are successful independently. Shows the OC mindset where most of the cast traded up and married wealthy men except for Vicki and Shannon. Really disliked Jim on how he demanded Alexis gave up her dream/storyline dreams to cater to him. Took him until their last season not to look like an asshole but it was too late. I like the theory that until Alexis joined the cast Simon seemed pretty happy with Tamra but that season onwards wanted the same relationship as the Bellino's.
Is it overly detailed as if the author is bragging or dropping extra details like American Psycho to show how ridiculous the characters are?
Someone other Asa has to be bankrolling her ventures every season and her cool house on Venice Beach. How she ever afford?
I dont think they have what it takes to have truly dramatic reunion. Prove me wrong Dallas!
The woman did further her wealth with each husband. Its not like Landon wants true love.
I think thats how she and count lasted so long until the he wanted to be with his new wife
But loses that around Bethenny
She only has 5 good summers left
The best I reckon is LVP.
Luann is the Counts 4th wife. I thought the courtesy title was for the first wife.
That means I would have to be on par with the Melbourne crew.
I think the puffy face came from the IVF treatments she was doing like Kenya.
Its so funny now after listening to Cary bragging about her natural looking Botox
Without the wealth.
They come off better in the facebook videos they released last season
Jeanna likes getting invited to parties she has no business being at every season.
I would think so since it's on the wrong hand.
I want the cameras to follow the interns around too. Make it the VPR of the east coast.
I'll play twister and CAH with them.
She can be both. I thought her dad was Native American heritage.
If there is anyone from Melbourne I want it would be Gamble.
With watermelon radish?
I found Dorindas paid promos more believable than any of the other girls (like Luann's ad for Sushi Roxx) not because Doris' acting skills.
I say give it to her. It would be like seeing Kim G as a HW
I want the element of surprise I got from Luann. Like the Count was one facet of her crazy interesting life. Someone like Kandi and Lisar seem too high profile for this kind of special. It totally makes sense to air the special about a HW whose show is currently airing so I was expecting one about an OC wife.
I am not American either but I assume everyone else is unless I know otherwise
Comments on the OG source are doubting the story because its from Star Magazine so this is interesting if its true. Is this Michael like his namesake from RHONY? With their marriage troubles. Should we be on divorce look out for these guys too? Kelly does describe herself as married but available.
Try from an earlier episode. The episodes were shorter and there was less impressions and in jokes that delays the discussions.
Nice and reserved is not how I would describe someone who threatened to go Oklahoma on a cast mates ass.
You mean Asa's Diamond water?
Have to add Madam Paulette's and Home Goods.
Next season. Asa's ceviche pop ups with music, art and kaftans.
Just need to chip in 3k for the monthly rent.
That scene of Tommy arriving at the hotel is the quietest I have ever seen him so far.
Yeah. The statistics are not in Kroys favour. I feel bad for the kids who all explicitly always have to wear hats all the time.
This video of Porsha and Phaedra rubbing butts and dancing was too funny not to share.
The guy kinda looks like Shep in the eyes.
Ikr if Kathryn could just rein herself in everyone would support her.
It's very Shahs
I wonder how many times it took for her to learn that.
The twins seem more like Terry. Especially Max.
Her lips in her talking head I have to argue is far worse.
They left because of their own family drama which they didn't want to air on the show. Have you read the Fame Whorgas blog?
It's a real website without content to this day
Kathryn is my birthday twin and I can't imagine a life like hers. Don't have the energy.
No she wasnt. She had a tagline, she was in the opening credits and the cameras followed her life separate from the other women.
JD and Craig as conmen duo is something I would see
I was reading the vulture recap and I get what Brian was saying that maybe Terry will relate to his children better when they are older.
Cast walking off the set isn't as dramatic anymore. Really disappointed in Clay. If he can't study for the bar and isn't working for JD I would assume his job right now is the show, the odd modelling gig, social media posts and club appearances. All very solid career choices.
She already upgraded to a new guy. Not sure how rich he is.
Glad someone looked at Clay's weird school and verified this thesis claim. I am starting to feel like Craig is living a lie. With each new one covering for the last.
The Dubrows always have contrived drama that they plan to a tee and resolve it on camera. Terry definitely has a flair for the dramatics like announcing to the group he threatened divorce in one of their arguments.
It's cause Thomas acts all contrite and apologises for his bad behaviour. Doesn't matter how sincere he is when compared to Kathryn who doesn't think she did anything wrong. I do feel bad for her for not getting her valid povs across to the group.
The entire site is a good read. The blogger is kind enough to categorise posts.
Nope. They just know she is a sick lady. I wouldn't have scrutinised her story is it wasn't for this sub
Delores seems to have taken her friend Caroline's mantle
Michael?
At least she is open about it!
I don't blame Bethenny for her meltdown. A decade is too much not to snap.
The whole notary thing? I guess they come off trustworthy being from a small town.
I only spotted 3 bottles on the shelf. Not that crazy.
I think rendering Sonja and Bethenny speechless with the photo spoke for itself. It will be a hilarious reunion question if it's never addressed on the show.
The Shahs seating chart is [out](http://www.bravotv.com/sites/nbcubravotv/files/styles/blog-post--mobile/public/dish-062916-shahs-seating-chart.jpg?itok=yAP_Jl70) and it's not interesting enough for its own post.
Brandon. I think Kenya's craziness is an act.
She is the 2nd longest serving Housewife
Exactly. Maybe Carole and Beth eat very little but they dont have such weird relationship with food.
