Sounds good. Had any good free food recently?
&gt; evil, that they're all millionaires, or racist How is being a millionaire lumped in with being evil or a racist? I don't get the anti-wealth sentiment at all.
The 'herbal' is superfluous: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=jazz+cigarette
It's not bad, but Orange Juice and Lemonade is an awesome mix.
Spot on I think. I am by no means wealthy myself, but I view those who are as successful / talented. Sure some people get their wealth passed on to them, but if I was successful, I'd want my earnings to go to my kids so they could also have the best start in life.
Ouch; poor you. The games industry is thankless world.
I think the notion that you should aim to not drink for 2 days a week is a good one, it's very easily to follow and probably does you a lot of good, if you do drink every day. That said, the idea on a number of units a day, and especially lowering that limit for men, is not so smart. Many people I know, including myself, don't drink frequently but tend to drink a lot when we do. For better or worse, getting pissed is a national pass time. What ever guidance is given out should somehow incorporate how frequently getting pissed is safe to do. Simply labelling anything over 3 pints as binge drinking is a sure fire way to get the guide ignored.
He was more or less right too: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qvcw79.jpg
Speaking personally, after an substantial acid trip the last thing I want to do is trip again; to be honest to go 'back in' within 24 hours is like not even getting head straight in the interim.
No, I don't know if I'd feel comfortable with that. Usually by the end of the peak I am right about ready to return to normality. Especially if I've had any 'passage of time' perception alterations -- which I always do. I could see myself doing it with shrooms, I don't feel half as depleted afterwards as I do on acid and the shorter trip time would allow some recuperation between trips.
I've been to Nashville (6), and I can tell you that this list is a load of shit.
Nah, you just put your towel over theres. Claim you never saw theirs (Varpiss dich!) and then when they've gone you've bagged yourself a free towel.
Except labels have per 100g and per serving values.
Sugar is getting scape-goated for our shittylife styles so hard.
&gt; every single one of us acted more responsibly How can you except a collective (the populous) to act with more responsibility, when we've made it abundantly clear that 'the state' will mop up the mess and foot the bill.
That we should have an actual free market? I don't think that's the vibe I got from the top level comment.
Yeah, I agree 'serving size' is utterly arbitrary and almost always too small. Coca-cola (for example) know full well you're not going to split that 500ml bottle with anyone, why is a serving size for 250ml.
Yep, this is what I thought, this is also why I look suspiciously at the 'NHS is the most efficient system in the world' type arguments. You don't have to look far to see obvious ways in which it could (should!) be improved.
Why would you blame privatisation when it's the private sections of the NHS who are doing it best? IE it seems to be privately managed GP surgeries who are actually installing the notification infrastructure. That makes utterly no sense to me.
Not following, sorry. Sounds like a load of lowest common denominator BS to me. &gt; Only profitable surgeries will do stuff like this. Or surgeries who can see that they'd probably be profitable if less appointments were missed?
Don't eat off the track, problem solved.
I do it the other way round. 105 groupset, Ultegra and DA consumables. For some reason I find that the chain and cassette seems to make the biggest impact to shift quality.
The operating companies are running monopolies on the lines. What makes you think the government would be any more or less efficient?
&gt; but at least use accurate and fair comparisons. Is that with any sort of rail card or advance booking? I think my comparison is fair: Manchester to York is 90mins, an off peak single is £27.50. That's a single train to go 70 odd miles. What's worse is that in the evenings and weekends the Transpennine trains are utterly rammed, you're lucky to be able to sit on the floor, more frequently your are stood packed like sardines.
The Armenian Taverna and El Rincon come to mind.
You mean Martin Shkreli, who was recently arrest for fraud? Yeah, he too found it out it's not that easy.
No I saw that. To address: &gt; I find that over here in Sweden, there is a huge markup on Swedish meat just like it was in the UK directly. I don't find that to be the case, the British beef sold in the Aldi near me is almost suspiciously cheap!
&gt; "the stupid get what they deserve." That's not really the way I view it. I consider myself to be a libertarian, why should I (or by extension the state) control the actions of others which only effect themselves? To be honest I think the alternative is more offensive, to think that people with bad habits, like eating shit and smoking, are 'too stupid' to know what they're doing to themselves and therefore must be protected by big brother. &gt; Hoping the death rate from obesity saves the country money looks like wonky economics. I didn't say I hope they die, I merely pointed out that might be the case. And with that, I have already conceded that the NHS point, but to be honest that just makes me think that the NHS should change -- I personally don't like the idea that personal responsibility is undermined by it.
Yes you're right, that will be my in, I'll try those next.
&gt; I think most smokers admit its stupid. But then again cigarettes are actual drugs. Intelligent people can do stupid things, they make the decision, they weight up the risks. It's their choice. &gt; Under libertarianism can I sue drug dealers for the problems caused in society by addiction? No under libertarian society drugs would be legal, taxed and regulated. And no, you couldn't sue for your addiction, that's like people suing McDonalds for making them fat. &gt; I don't have an easy answer. There is no easy answer *if* you choose *act*. We just get a load of half arsed measures like taxes with loopholes (see 'Pringles are not crisps') or having alter the quality of the product. &gt; Maybe stricter regulation to put less sugar in drinks. But then it wouldn't taste as good. Or the sugar taken out would be substituted with artificial sweeteners that come with their own issues. &gt; It's not a simple equation of one is freedom and the other is authoritarian. Why isn't it, either we let people do as they wish and let them pay the consequences bad decisions or we have to tell people what to do or manipulate them into doing by other methods. &gt; Their freedom to profit from drinks costs me money. Yeah I simply don't see it that way, I see it as people not being able to control what they eat and drink is costing you money. Do you see that Vineyards of France costing you money because middle alcoholism is rampant? What about cheese producers?
&gt; we have decided to let things carry on as they were. You know that? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20811289
How. Someone assembling something doesn't need a degree in EE, now will they necessarily do a better job; they'll just cost a lot more.
No they're echo chambers because they are. Comments about communism and other far left opinions get upvoted and repeated. Yet these are clearly out of line with the opinions of the general population. Furthermore, it's not my opinion that the Conservatives won the General election (my second example). Yet if you were here when the election was going on all pro-conservative posts were slated and anything pro labour was heralded.
In the past I have put my best recorded power for a range of times realistic times I anticipate getting in a TT or Hill climb. IE if I anticipate a TT taking between 18-22mins depending on weather than I'll stick the best power I have got for that duration, and what speed would achieve that time over a distance. The benefit of this is that it allows you to really ride on your limit, you don't have to worry about blowing up because a head wind has added 2 mins to your time or because you haven't ridden the course before and took the range of times from strava! This only works in maximum single effort events though becuase you're working off your best ever powers, in a road race you've got to factor in fatigue.
Could have just left it at 'Audi'.
What do you mean by flexing, stretching? I don't think there is any harm in that, I find get restless legs. 60km a day is quite a lot; are you riding at the weekend as well? You should be scheduling in some rest days and/or recovery rides. And yes, taking detours is an extremely effective way of packing training in to a busy work life. For example, I do a 40 mile ride from work to home. I this extension takes me up to long hills. I take it easy on the flat and then really push it on the hills -- this to some degree ensures some quality in the training, rather than just riding at a constant pace all the time.
I am on the fence. The 'issue' is that you know when there is helicopter about. It's not 'all the time'. With technology you could effectively have an eye in the sky at all times. Everything you do in your own back garden, (or hell, with thermal imaging, in your own home) is basically reviewable at any time. Not sure I am comfortable with where it could go.
Indeed, actually I find them a real pain, they seem to fly over predominantly poor areas, which is somewhat understandable as they tend to be high crime areas and also low rent, so suitable for a grow. But they do their helicopter runs at like 2 or 3 in the morning. There's no way on earth they'd get a way with that in more affluent areas, it just seems like it shits on the people who are already the most disillusioned with the police service.
Just increases the cost every crash :/
Yeah you probably have a fantastic V02max then. You'd probably get your best bang for your buck training with intervals in the 2 to 5 min range, slap in some longer rides to get you used to the distances and build up your endurance. Good luck
I disagree, he was playing the role of an investigative journalist. It's on him to do some basic research about dose for fucks sake. And it's just basic reasoning to realise that of course you can over do it, what would be he like if he didn't 1/4 of that much. I mean if you watch the video he's fully caning those bags down.
Lemmy was a scientist. I don't know anyone else who has personally researched the same quantity of compounds in their life time.
Wait the intern description mandates a gender? That's fucked up.
I meant it tongue in cheek -- if I remember when I was studying CS (not so long ago) it was hard to tell whether CS or GP had a more disportioncate gender balance because when you are comparing numbers less than 10% in a cohort of less than 200 people well it only takes a couple of people to sway the statistic. But either way we're comparing the colour of the pot to the kettle.
But it's only banned 'in competition'. Unless you're referring to the law which is bound to change (generally speaking 'in the west') over the next 15 years or so.
Hmm maybe it's different in the sort of 'middle level' programming. I've always worked places where performance is important, so we generally do things in low level languages (C, C++, Fortran, asm) and then have high level stuff like python do the top level stuff. I think it's nearly impossible for a QA to jump into the lower level stuff; unless they were really selling themselves short whilst QAing.
The problem is there really isn't such thing as 'unhealthy food'. It's all to do with moderation and quantity. A block of beef-dripping or a bag of sugar is terrible for you if you just ate that .. but both are ingredients in otherwise healthy dishes. Further more even the likes of chocolate fit around a balanced diet is not unhealthy in the slightest.
&gt; If competing in a sanctioned event, the ethical action is to not consume banned substances. What, ever? A year before, A month before, a week before, a day before, the morning before? What?
We should ban escalators, and changing building regs so all ceilings must be double height. :P
Are you joking?
You're better at this than me. I love the idea of backwards elevators.
Get high?
No thank you. I think you are being purposefully dense if you consider someone a snob because they don't want to mix with those in the print works or deansgate locks.
To be honest I'd happily sacrifice the moderate areo benefits of my 'normal' frame like pressfit BBs and internal cable routing any day for the ease of maintenance. I'd be kidding nobody to think my results this season are going to be in anyway determined by them.
Fine. Actually, I'm changing my stance, I am happy to be a snob if that's who you're going to define it.
What do you mean unwrapped it? Removed the shrink wrap -- you can still return it -- if it's warped it's not going to be resold. Did you purchase with cash or card, if the latter just use your bank statement inplace of the receipt.
&gt; And if it doesn't, I'm ashamed to admit I'll just torrent it. Why would you be ashamed?
The problem with cassettes (although admittedly the same is true of turntables) is that fewer and fewer people have cassette decks any more.
I'd rather it change so that all suspects are anon until guilty rather than the law remain as is and have people lives ruined.
&gt; My general approach is to adjust my FTP based on what I'm regularly hitting intervals at. This is pretty much what I do, I just adjust my intervals iteratively based on what I've done before. I've had good results doing this, as I TT, the last thing I want add to my routine is extra all out efforts!
Sure but if I go to the pub with friends, it would seem rather arbitrary to just stop drinking just as I am starting to 'loosen up'. Also some people aren't naturally all that talkative and social, like myself, I find I have a much better time if I do have &gt; 3 drinks. The problem I have, in case you were wondering, is that clearly there is a need for some guidelines; but the way these guidelines are worded and presented are just setting themselves up to be ignored. The guidelines need to take into account that some people are going binge drink (by their definitions), something along the lines of 'don't get shit faced more often then every X weeks' is going to be more effective than telling people to never do it.
I drink it for it's wisdom.
&gt; increase in cancer Yeah but this doesn't sound any more tangible than the 'red meat' and 'processed pork' scares we keep hearing about. But we don't hear about restrictive government guidelines about those.
See my other comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/400foo/need_to_up_my_bleep_test_score_asap/cyqokoq But in addition, to fatesurge's point, you're not going to be building and muscle, just getting CV system running efficiently again so you want to be eating a diet high in carbs.
I agree, XP was a decent OS for non tech savy computer users. Every version of windows since may look shinier but isn't actually any better. For technical users Linux of some description I feel Linux is a no-brainier even with it's flaws. For other professional (but non technical) computer users OSX feels like the best compromise. My 2p at least.
Cool, please report back with what training, rest and diet you do; and how you do in your test.
Overshadowed by Goldeneye, but PD was it's spiritual successor and quite frankly, an even better multi player. Good call.
&gt; and it is beneficial for sprinters like Kittel or Sagan It's beneficial for everyone. I agree. But just like healthy fats, if you are eating a healthy balanced diet then you're going to be getting enough. For example a typical meal for me might be a Chilli Con Carne (which I make in bulk and reheat through the week) with a ton of brown rice. I suspect I eat more protein than most people, because like most cyclists (even with a calories deficit) I eat much more than most people. Purely anecdotally, with such a diet, I've not struggled to increase my power and loose weight riding 5 days a week.
That;s a better idea. Also, I don't see why you'd give it away straight away; just give it away in your will. 25mil is a lot, but it's not going to cure cancer or fix africa; the world won't miss it.
It's just a depressing prospect, that's just not fun to ride. Better just doing X minute TT efforts on the road, at least going fast is fun.
Thank for your patronising response. I am bowie fan too, I still don't think the term 'Pop Genius' is in anyway belittling of him. Bowie's work is different things to different people.
I donit know of anywhere in particular, but I pretty much exclusively use Air BnB these days.
Meh I thought it was ok. Salted Caramel seems to be a bit of a food-fat at the moment.
The problem is I have even less self control. 5x40 still means I'd eat 200g in one go but will have paid more to do so. The only way I can control myself is to not buy it in the first place.
Still? I seems like it's only really just been launched in this country.
Don't be a chugger though, otherwise your just robbing the vulnerable.
Firms which already have developed the code would be able to bid for the contract. They'd be able to put a more competitive bid in because they've already written the code. I'd be very surprised with current contractors the UK uses, like Hitachi don't have automated transit code already.
Jerusalem. Failing that something by the Beatles or even Bowie giving the timing, Heroes would be pretty cool.
I would like to think that this can somehow be used to bolster his Craig Charles Funk &amp; Soul night too. Like once the battle commences, Craig goes and hits the desks and provides the sound track whilst hitting racks. This has to happen
&gt; Unfortunately, having overtrained last season, I'm still not back to where I was so haven't been on the bike as much as I'd like. When did you stop, if you haven't ridden since last season you performance has dropped because you haven't been training NOT because you are still over trained.
Purely for weight loss. The weight loss is really for hilly Road Races and HCs though. Some people also believe it makes you system more efficient at using fat for fuel, but I wouldn't bank on that.
Ringo?
What's more is at least at Aldi it comes in real beetus grade quantiles like 200g, no fannying around with 100g or the crappy minified 92g blocks.
&gt; Lindt/GB are more midrange than premium Londoners :/
York is a tourist city famous for it's chocolate. Also I was sort of joking; I was jesting at the idea that Lindt isn't a premium brand. To be honest I'd say the good Aldi &amp; Lidl blocks are 'mid range' and super market own brand is low end.
Well after reading the first article it's hard to blame them.
In the old days a super computer was exactly that, a single very expensive machine. However once computers became mainstream it became much cheaper to connect together a lot of commodity hardware and split up the tasks you want to run on it to run across all of the system. So a modern super computer is made up of nodes, each node is not unlike a normal high end server. Any custom hardware that is unlike your average server goes into the technology the nodes used to communicate with one another, the interconnect, not the CPU, Memory or storage. What makes a super computer fast is number of nodes and the code that's designed to run in parallel, not that any one particular node is anything special.
The title of the article is a bit shit, but the content of the research is not. In the last 5 years or so, one of the driving reasons why legalisation has been resisted in the UK is because of the notion that it stunts the learning capacity of those under their mid twenties.
When you say: &gt; to ride with the old team occasionally. What do you mean by 'ride with', simply going out on the weekend for fun or training? Dude that's absolutely fine, unless the team you are joining is paying you and has a full training schedule lined up for you then go out and ride with who ever you want. I am probably in a lower cat than you, but I ride with elites and down from all sorts of clubs and teams. I think the only problem you might run into is if you fob off riding with you current team to ride with others.
Anecdotally, I've found it to be the case with a wide range of different grasses and hashes including pollen.
Yeah 100g of cabury's is mid range, that's branded shit! (perhaps it's quality not longer justifies it's price, but that's another matter). Tesco's basics for 19p per 100g (or whatever it actually costs) is low end. I'd describe that as cheap. Green &amp; blacks is not something I would buy very often so it's a premium product. If Hotel Chocolat is £4 for 100g then I'd basically never buy that, that's 'exclusive' or whatever is above premium. PS: There is clearly no top end there, I could pay a chocolateer to go and craft me the finest bar of chocolate with all the finest ingredients and it's going to cost £1000s, but that doesn't, at least to me, stop something G&amp;B being premium.
I don't actually see that point you are making. I am saying different people are affected differently. Me and my friend and both be sat in the same room smoking the same stuff and have different effects -- ie I become lethargic, he becomes creative. Regardless of what it is we are smoking. I don't see what your *facts* have to do with that.
Compared to mine, it is. :P (it's a HTC Desire before you ask).
haha, well it's 'replaced' my Galaxy S2 (which people also told me was out of date) when I broke it.
It could also possibly highlight a career path with a starting salary of 23-70k. It's not the row that'd put me off, it's the 70 (or 90) hour working week, fuck that.
Yep, that's got to be pretty high up there. Skelmersdale has a bicycle race, does it go around any of the scenic surrounding countryside, nope, around the industrial estate. :/
They've already had their say, and they could have been any more clear and unanimous.
I don't see how bending over and giving in to Argentina every time it throw's it's toys out of the pram would strengthen us in the eyes of the UK. It's pretty well known that Argentina only brings this issue up when there are issues at home.
&gt; Hey guys, fancy changing that thing that has been ingrained into your culture for 1000 years That's not quite fair, it's not as though there will be many-if-any second generation Muslims (or migrants in general) who will not learn English. Not learning the language of the country they live in is hardly a pillar of anyone's culture. These measures are just about setting a standard for first generation migrants and providing a mechanism to achieve it.
&gt; Have you not considered that they actually might feel more comfortable amongst their own culture? How would they know if they can't speak the language of the wider community? Secondly, there is nothing wrong with being comfortable, but you also have to be somewhat *functional* in your environment too. If the only people you can deal with is your Family and perhaps inner community then that's not a productive situation to be in.
I fail to see your point.
Haha deleted in shame. Another coffee, I need.
Well that's a separate issue, but it probably goes to show how floored many religions based on holy scriptures are.
&gt; You gotta think the ammo used Is quite often a 1 shot deal Well presumably not if you have you practice for 2 hours after church every sunday.
&gt; irrelevant I think this might be the wrong word, unless Societies are also not a thing at Aber (including debate societies, student radio...).
Ring up your mobile phone provider (if you are on contract) and complain that the battery life on your phone is terrible. They will then tell you, you have too many apps including X, Y &amp; Z running the background.
I don't know if they even have to pay, or if it's given to them.
On turbo the easiest way to hold a power is to find what speed a power correlates too, then hold the speed. Then you get a flat power line. I find that much easier than trying to use 1, 3, 10 or 30 second powers directly. Also power is not the only important metric. There are some long descents I do where actually I do use speed to see whether I am improving. (braking less, going fast round corners). Finally for TT &amp; Hill Climb comps, I use speed to predict how long the effort is going to take, then alter my power accordingly. Admittedly GPS speed is more than accurate enough for that. EDIT: Just so you know, I wouldn't upgrade my garmin for these reason alone. Nor would I run the hokey GSC10, but the newer wheel-hub sensors are nice enough to use like this.
From a purely musical point of view, I think straight ahead-jazz largely lacks the spark that made Jazz good in the first place, innovation. That's by no means limited to Marsalis. Nor should it mean he should stop doing what he enjoys. Perhaps if Blue Train was released today I might not be overly impressed, but given it's historic set and setting it is. EDIT: (to add) I personally don't really care if Musicians are arses unless it becomes overly obnoxious (I am put off Kayne types). Which on a not so musical point of view, I think Wynton can be. I don't know much about his opinions, but I do know he doesn't like Lester Bowie, yet I personally find the Art Chicago Ensemble far more interesting then anything I've heard from Wynton.
Definitely up there, probably on par with Sketches in Spain. I think in a Silent Way is the album that deserves the attention Bitches Brew gets. I mean I've listened to BB whilst tripping on acid, and it is supremely good, but IASW is always first rate whatever the weather!
I was recently talking to a Private Hire (as an oppose to a Black Cab) driver on the way back from the airport. He told me his employer, I believe our cities biggests cab operator, wouldn't employ any driver worked for Uber, even if they stopped. I asked if that was legal, he didn't know. He said it'd be ok if he became a black cab driver or worked for another agency, he could come back then, but not from uber.
The sound of ETHIOPIAN AIRLINES, Going to great lengths to please.
They fear the new business model I presume. Whilst black cabs and private hire have always been at odds with each other, they both have subtly different roles. Uber can fill both use cases and undercut them both simultaneously. From the sounds of it, the particular driver I was talking to didn't see Uber as some big threat at the end of the day he could always work for Uber to. But it seems like the managers saw it as a threat to their business.
Yeah there is definitely some kinks that need to be iron out, but resistance seems like the worse way to go about it. On an ideological level I love the idea of connecting the consumer to to the providers who can pretty much be anybody.
The album, Expensive Shit, from which Water No Get Enemy is off is a classic it's worth listening to as a whole! I also really dig the live album he did with Ginger Baker. * [Expensive Shit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUNkimxj0Vo) * [Fela Kuti - Live! (with GB)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20UbO62UJUg)
I had the pleasure of seeing Femi play live recently, absolutely fantastic.
Nearly. What actually happens is that a service 'comes to your area' and you can elect to have the endpoint installed into your house ala NTL/Virgin. You make it sound like there is no precedent. Furthermore, how long do you think it's going to be before wireless and satellite technologies are going to be sufficiently powerful enough to compete with copper? Probably not much longer than it'd take for the government to take over the Internet infrastructure. Finally, from what I understand it is only the 'last mile' which has to be leased from BT, a lot of ISPs such as Sky have their own inter exchange technologies. So the government would be acquiring the one bit of technology that is the most likely to go out of date.
The impressive thing here is that this wasn't even a warmup -&gt; straight into a test. It looks like he'd been riding around in threshold beforehand and then done some sort of ramp test prior.
So, ermm, it's not universal?
&gt; Why spend millions on your own FTTH network for a city, when you can sign a contract and get nationwide coverage for less? Yes and that is the question ISPs must ask themselves. If they come to the conclusion that it's better for them to lease, then fine. But that doesn't mean we need to nationalise what is being leased. Say the UK had a really strong pencil making business. But all of the pencil making companies decided that it was cheaper for them to just buy their graphite from one supplier, it doesn't then mean we should nationalise that graphite supplier.
&gt; but it's an extremely hard bet to keep up with physical connections. It doesn't really need to, it just has to serve up a product people will pay for at a certain price point. It may never apply to torrenters and gamers, but if your grandma can ask her email and play bingo online for 4quid a month then there's potential. I also think people are focusing far too much on what available TODAY, that's not important.
Why? Even if it was true, why would you want it stopped? Your course of action would be to * Not go * Write a letter to the organiser.
Did you read his comment? The places mentioned are/were typically much cheaper to live in (at least somewhere nice) for a reasonable price. The rent and house prices round those parts have already started going up significantly. That sucks if rent there or are looking to buy in the future. Most people round here don't want london-a-like house pricing or commute times.
I've never heard of this list. Why do you care?
&gt; Yeah I meant cooking everything at home, without eating out But what did you do before? I mean if you used to buy a bad of frozen chips it's probably going to be more expensive than that. USing the Chilli Example, I made a batch of that which will do six meals Yesturday. * The meat, 1lbs of lean beef, was 3quid from the butcher in the arnedale * I bought a couple of peppers, chillis, onion, a few carrots from the fruit &amp; veg stall across the road for like around 2quid total (I had spare I'll use for other dishes) * Then less than 1quid for a tin of chopped tomatoes &amp; 2 tins of kidney beans form Ald So like probably 6 total + cost of rice (buy that in bulk, works out to be pennies). I am certain I could get that down further if I bought everything from Aldi but I like buying just the quantities I use (less shit to go off in your fridge if you don't end up using it). And it also tastes great to boot. The biggest cost by far is time. It takes about an hour to chop it all up and cook it which is longer than it takes to whack a frozen pizza in the oven or get a burger from the takeaway. EDIT: yes, under 150 should be easily doable.
&gt; CON - No more pleasure riding, anything under 180 watts feels like a waste of time . You just need to do recovery rides on rest days. I use my Power meter to stay under 180 for them.
Porridge before hand, I use 100g of oats for a big ride. Then snack on bananas &amp; flapjacks mid ride. And perhaps stop for a mid ride meal.
You mean that death trap cycle path which goes behind the bus stops? Yeah I still cycle on the road there.
The same way 'Free Palestine' is related to just about every cause going.
&gt; increase sprint speed &gt; wife .. increase her ability to keep up Do you make attacks whilst out with your wife on the bike! I mean if you just want her to keep up it might be more fruitful to ensure she is drafting you to the fullest extent possible.
Yes but I think the onus is on you to explain why collaboration would imply a worse service.
I am not doubting you, but I don't suppose you have a strava link, that'd be a damn impressive heart rate!
Ah ok There is some youtube footage of low pass in wales, where they really are as low as your photoshopped made it look! https://youtu.be/3o-Eaixw6ec
You seem to know a little too much about this ;)
This is clearly a personal matter. I personally hate riding without power. I am a data nerd. I love knowing where I am objectively.
Right and the worst that happen is that you got knocked over. Get hit by a car and you brake a leg or die.
Hearing all sort of cool stuff here, everything from Gogo penguim to the the Mahavishnu orchestra.
&gt; I'd spend roughly that much on petrol doing that each week, and it would take longer by car, and I'd have to pay parking! You're comparing it to a car. Compared to a bus or bike it's expensive. And yes, the further you go, and the long duration of ticket you buy the better value it appears, granted. But if you want an on the day return to and from say chorlton to Peter Square it's £3.90. That all said, I am actually a fan of the tram system, unlike buses, it gets vehicles off the road in meaningful way.
So she didn't die, and he stopped? Also I am not defending those arseholes, what **I am** however saying is that those arseholes don't warrant unnecessary legislation that'd discourage people from cycling, something I believe we should be heavily encouraging. &gt; Everything you type is uniformed and self righteous. I am the only one to cite sources, sorry but you Mate's Grans doesn't count.
&gt; I don't TT ... theres any benefit Nope, don't bother if you don't intend to TT.
Seems a bit chicken and egg. I am not the same person I was before going through puberty, I hold very few of the same beliefs or interests. I don't think gender is beyond the influence of puberty.
I don't think it's the price but the rate of change. Furthermore you have to live in ever shittier areas to get something decent for 100k. The place in the Northern Quarter you've listed is a fucking shoe box, done up to a high standard but it's tiny. Look how close the sofa is to the TV. What's more in 5 years time that'll be 200k.
&gt; I think it was probably getting older, more intelligent and more educated that changed your beliefs and interests, not getting more body hair. Perhaps for some but certainly not all in their entirety, I mean you honestly don't think a fairly radical change in your body/brain chemistry, especially in the levels of testosterone and estrogen is going to have any effect on your gender and sexuality?
They were sold because GB had declared the end of Boom and Bust. In a world WITH Boom &amp; Bust gold reserves are hardly useless.
I wouldn't have been in the position to buy anything of value back then. So no. Further more, my point as I have said elsewhere is that this is the pot calling the kettle black, not that the gold or the publicly owned shared, should or should not be sold.
Basically, if I have a ride as a part of my training plan that I NEED to do outdoor then I schedule it in early in the training week. If the weather is really poor I sub it out for some training I can do indoors, then reschedule it for the next non-rest day. And repeat until the weather isn't shit. If come the last day of your training week the weather is still awful it's either time to man-up, or just drop it in favour of something similar like sweetspot training. But I find it rather unusual for the weather to be terrible for an entire week. Even here in the UK.
&gt; Simon Danczuk, Jess Phillips, Diane Abbott There is a glaring omission from the list.
To be fair, he was popular amongst (most) citizens.
*Labour party members != The electorate* Besides that argument also applies to Simon Danczuk, Jess Phillips, Diane Abbott. They were all elected by their constituents. Red-Ed didn't loose the election because he was too left wing. What's more is Corbyn has to make the case for reform in a climate of growth and rising employment under the tories.
&gt; You could say ed lost the election for not being left wing enough You could say that, but you'd be wrong.
Yes but a Rega RP1 is like what 230quid? Which given OPs assertion: &gt; Out of curiously I looked at an inflation calc to see what 1990s £100 would be in today's money. Sure enough, it's £228. And that's made in the UK so it's hardly a far east job.
&gt; If someone is unable to get by on £300 for a day then they are an idiot and are of no use to the public. Not every role in parliment has to be 'use to the public'. Some need to be use to industry, the economy, the military...
300-400ppm of what?
&gt; It's already dropped 10% Well if it's already dropped 10% and most people haven't noticed any discernible difference then I think we can take another 10%. Furthermore, a weaker is not necessarily a bad thing. It makes it easier to sell our products aboard and makes it cheaper for others to travel here. Finally, I'd argue it's a price worth paying to be able to self govern.
Wow, I didn't realise that Garmin actually got rid of the touch screen on the 5XX line. It's a good move, the touchscreen on my Edge 1000 is junk.
&gt; my guess is that there is a link between taste and healthiness but it would seem hyperpalatable junk can deceive the taste bud Well I think there is a link between how much energy is stored in food and how 'tasty' it is. 'Back in the day' when there wasn't an abundance food we'd need to seek out the most calorific foods to survive. There was a BBC doc' from not long ago which went into this, and they talked about how the most 'dangerous' foods where not high fat, or high sugar foods, but rather the two mixed together in equal ratios (think cake, doughnouts....)
&gt; but the MEPs this country elected did not even attend the meeting. So if our MEPs didn't attend the meeting, then they should have been no barrier to the tariffs.
Well I think it started with Hoy in Athens and the moment carried on into Sydney, spun out into the Team Sky then another successful Olympics in Beijing and London. Before that UK cyclists where rather mediocre apart from in Timetrialing (Boardman, Obree). Although it doesn't really affect racing all that much; cycling has sort of (and perhaps regrettable) replaced golf and the new rich old man way to spend a weekend.
Not sure I dig the font of the quotation, but other than that looks good.
&gt; and the later I stay up the more likely I am to want to snack on junk food. Is there any reason you are staying up later? Go to bed! Ontop of that a trick I use is to brush your teeth once you've eaten your last meal. Finally, if you are still finding yourself hungry at night, instead of succumbing to the whim of snacking, make your evening meal smaller and the schedule another small meal later on.
It's more important you enjoy your holiday. Just go eat &amp; drink and be happy without worry.
Good shout, also counter to what a lot of people here are suggesting, I'd also consider upping your intake from starchy (low GI) carbs like Rice, potatoes &amp; oats. See how you feel, monitor not just your weight but also your progressions in the gym and general mood. I'd also recommend you see a doctor like others have said, but I would put money on them telling you after you told them you are eating 1100calories that 'You should eat more' &amp; 'You don't need to be on such a restrictive diet'.
Do you actually ride as a sport or are you just making that up? Perhaps you define 'big quads' differently to me, but I race bikes and have much bigger legs then any lifter I know. All from riding my bike, not from being in the gym.
&gt; Perhaps you define 'big quads' differently to me
It's certainly a more complex issue than I first thought having looked into it. The council also charge the likes of the amateur football clubs who use the park as well as any other organised activity. HOWEVER, I think in this day and age of obesity *any* (running, cycling, football, cricket...) volunteer based physical activity should be actively encourage and subsidised where necessary.
haha I hate the word bomb proof used to describe wheels. I am pretty sure it's used to jinx any wheelset that I bought. But yeah, they make good wheels.
Ermm that's the point. The audience aren't supposed to argue each other there supposed to challenge the PM's viewpoint.
thanks
We're getting plenty, and there is far more to the health of the country than the ecomony.
Well to be play devils advocate. In this case any politician worth their salt would be dead against such a move. Whereas leaving the EU splits even those who are elected to know better.
Mate, so long as toast, fried bread &amp; hash browns are all present then you can add chips too. The real issue here is, where s the black pudding!?
I had countless issues with the Garmin Premium HRM strap. Junk.
Link (again)?
viewing figures said otherwise for the old show, and (especially when the new Clarkson show is out) will no doubt tell the rest of the story again for the new one.
This is an interesting matter, if you stay on this sub long enough, you'd be forgiven for thinking that Caffiene (esp. Coffee) is some wonder cure for all aliments and drinking 6 mugs a day is not only *not bad* but is the *ideal minimum*. As a caffeine addict, like yourself, I call BS on this notion. Whilst I am sure the science into the effects that caffeine has on our physical bodies is solid, there is not doubt that there is an effect on our mental health and our quality of life. The following thing, in my opinion, negatively affect somebodies quality of life: * Not being able to think straight in the morning until having had one or many cups of coffee, * Withdrawal effects (as you've mentioned, when you can't get coffee) * The cyclic effect it can have on you sleep patterns, (drink coffee, stay up late, need more coffee to get you started the next day). * The diminishing returns of the 'caffeine kick', I now barely feel the effects of caffiene now, rather it's used to remove the effects of the withdrawl. A few things I do to cut down the amount of coffee that I drink and reduce the negative effects it has: * Don't drink coffee past midday, not only does this mean you'll drink less, but it also means that your brain will be used to functioning without it. Finally you are also drinking it when it's going to help you the most and reducing the effects that it'll have on your sleep. * Drink tea instead of coffee in the afternoon. Still a nice warming drink, has plenty of benefits of it's own too and unlike cocoa is quite low in calories (I add a splash of semiskimmed milk). * Only drink GOOD coffee. Lifes too short for shit coffee and if there is a bit of a process involved in making it (like a cafetiere, aeropress, esspresso machine) then you might think twice about making it if you're only going to rush it down to fill a gap in the day.
A one hour climb? Fuck, if I were lucky enough to have a race over that terrain I'd be glued to my power number and hold exactly what I know I can do Froome style.
I don't know why you'd of got soreness that one time, but I race bikes and the biggest macro we need the most for cycling are carbs (at least if you want perform well). You don't need *that much* muscle for road cycling (unlike track sprinting) and thus don't really require any additional protein other than what you can get from a balanced diet.
You know the difference between an advert and a review right? Getting a McLaren signed race driver to come and drive the McLaren whilst pointing out how nice the leather is, and how good the new sat nav is. That's not a review. It's not interesting.
Is that the case here? No. Right thought so. What you are describing is an incredibly rare condition which when conflicts arise can be dealt with on a case by case basis.
Leave campaign is not the same as UKIP. If anything UKIP have been surprising quite through this whole process, I suspect they realise their presence will do more harm than good.
Where did you get the idea I wasn't calm, because I used the word 'shit'?
Manchester has an almost exclusively Labour council (bar one out of 96 councillors who is Lib Dem) and yet our homeless problems are spiraling out of control to. Nor do I think Manchester city council have any different 'rules' in terms of getting housing, ie being sober.
Target demographic ^(runs for cover)
There are frequent stops between Heaton Chapel and Levenshulme between Manchester &amp; Stockport.
You're worrying way too much. There are plenty of people who eat one big meal a day and do fine.
You don't see that there are clearly two different matters here? You can be against BBC using positive discrimination but also think that the Sun is generally full of shit.
I 100% agree with the other commenters, it's on her to prove her point. Hell I've never even heard that as a rumor, let alone as myth or even a fact.
They obviously also have the capacity to grill. For the price point, then I think it's perfectly fine. I mean what do you expect for a beer &amp; burger for 4.99 or whatever it is.
IDK when I was in America most places selling 'Craft beer' where still just 'Sports Bars' (ie big plasma TVs plastered everywhere showing all the sports). And for the most part their 'Craft beer' wasn't any better than the 'local ales' you can get at any decent free house. To be honest I'd rather just go to an old man pub. It's just that 'Craft beer' is still a novelty in the USA so attracts a younger demographic, whereas a ale is the standard here in the UK. Also depending on where you go in the USA, you still get racists rants.
Looks alright to me. People will try and bend *your* diet to fit *their* macros but that looks well within a reasonable range.
Exactly, if it's got no merit of it's own let it fail. I don't think it'll be as though we're loosing anything, JJ&amp;H's show will be the spiritual successor.
**Make sure your eating enough.** If you are attempting to eat a large caloric deficit, but ultimately fail most nights, then try a small deficit. Sure in an 'ideal world' where you don't fail you won't loose weight as quick, but in the real world being able to stick to it will be better in the long run. **Brush your teeth after eating what is supposed to be your last meal**. If like me you find brushing your teeth a massive pain in the arse, then you'll not want to have to do it again for the sake of some snack you don't really want anyway. Also it'll probably taste horrid.
If you enjoy drinking chocolate milk then you don't have to deny yourself of it completely, it's actually a really good post cardio recovery drink!
Pretty sure the majority of Europeans (or at least Brits) don't floss at all. I mean I brush my teeth twice a day, but I never bother flossing, I don't think I even own dental floss.
Regrettably that's not quite true, if you join any sort of society then they are governed under the Unions rules and normally (at least when I was at uni) there was a small yearly charge to join the soc (like 15quid), some which went to the union. So ironically, joining your universities debate soc would fund these muppets.
* breakfast: porridge * Lunch: a rice, potato, pasta base with some sort of meaty sauce like curry, chilli or bolognese. * pre-exercise: more porridge * Dinner: same as lunch, try and eat it as soon as finishing my workout as possible. That might sound like a lot of carbs and not a lot of protein, but I am eating about 3-4000calories - mostly cardio - a day and I probably consume the same amount or more of protein as the average gym goer but bulk out the rest of my calorific requirement with carbs.
I get he has baggage (I've never watched anything else by him) but he didn't say anything in that video I disagree with. Often the biggest nutters can be the most correct when it comes to civil rights. Reminds me of David Icke, utterly off the wall - except on the subject matter of the surveillance state where I most agree with what I've heard him say.
Well not if he values his reputation after having seen the wreck Evans' has made of it so far.
&gt; which are thwarted by eating junk food Are you still getting salt (specifically sodium) and are you keeping hydrated enough? Also have you gone from drinking lots of carbonated soft drinks to only water? In which case it could be caffeine withdrawals. Second of all, eating clean means different things to different people; for some people that means meeting an ambitous calorific goal, for some people HCLW, HFLC, eating only whole foods, eating only raw foods, being vegan... Without know what it means to you and what you've come from it's be hard give any more advice.
Ok your description of 'clean' sounds great, nothing there sounds like it should be causing headaches. I think the problem may still be salt, try adding some to your oats, it tastes great! The only other thing I could think of is if you're running an overly large calorific deficit? Is this diet supposed to help you loose weight or just be healthy at the weight you are?
&gt; First off, don't have any junk food in the house to be begin with I completely agree, I have to be honest with myself and realize that I have utterly no self control - anytime I buy any unhealthy food the notion that I'll ration it out goes out of window. The only way to avoid it happening is not to buy that shit in the first place.
&gt; This one is a personal choice - exercise For weight loss sure, for healthy living I'd argue not so. &gt; Lastly - it should be cheap or nearly free I completely agree, a healthy whole foods diet should be cheaper than the alternative not more expensive!
The idea of the recovery drink is the replenish your glycogen stores after high energy exercise like cycling or running in the window afterwards where you body will stores any carbs you take in as glycogen in your muscles and liver. Chocolate milk works so well because it has loads of simple carbohydrates (which spike you insulin to transport the carbs) and a good amount of protein (from the milk). It has been shown that the presence of protein helps replenish glycogen stores. &gt; I don't really want the added sugars and calories. The whole point of the chocolate milk thing is too take in the sugar and store it a glycogen, without the sugar it's pointless. To expand, if you're goal is to loose weight this is still beneficial because it means you will recover quicker - cardio doesn't just use glycogen, but rather it uses a percentage of glycogen and a percentage of fat (this ratio changes depending on effort level). See the glycogen as kindling and fat as main fuel. If I go on a bike ride and burn 1000 calories, I might have used up 400 calories of glycogen and 500 calories of fat - I want to replenish the 400calories ASAP this will allow me to recover quicker and feel fresh for my next session. This in no way negates *calories in-calories out*. What this does do is optimise the quality of your exercise and recovery thus increasing your ability to expend more energy next time.
&gt; If UK vote brexit I'll have to leave, Sorry but where have you got that idea from. You won't have to leave at all. It might affect those who are not already here and want to do unskilled work, but for those who are already here nobodies going to make you leave. In fact, one of the concerns of Brexit is that there will be an influx of migrants in the time between us deciding to leave and actually leaving.
What percentage of the people you deal with day to day are under 45? 70%?
&gt; wont be free movement of immigration Well: 1. There *might* not be free movement, but there will still be movement. Plenty of our skilled industries rely on immigration 2. There is a difference between stopping free movement and kicking everyone who is already here out. 3. We will more than likely have to continue with free movement of people if we wish to remain in the Free Market. 4. If we kicked out all the immigrants who are already here our country would collapse. &gt; in fact brexit huge appeal is that they wont let people in to the country willy nilly Not letting people in 'willy nilly' is not the same as turfing people who are already here out. Also, given then way you've phrased it, is that such an unreasonable position for some people to hold? Why should EU citizens have be treat different with regards to immigration than citizens from any other country, especially say countries of the Common Wealth who we've traditionally had close ties with.
yes I certainly hope there will be a larger 18-24 turnout, not because I want it to go one way or another but because the more who vote the better it is for democracy in general.
&gt; I am not American, but I do come from a commonwealth country that aims is a part of an organisation that aims to function and become just as progressive as the EU. Exactly, and would it be better if we (the UK) could make trade deals with you(!) without having to wait for the EU. Furthermore don't you think it's crazy that EU citizen can come and work in UK easier than you can? &gt; Yes, I would agree that Brexit will not necessarily result in the UK suffering immediately Actually the immediate future is when Brexit would hurt us the most. As: 1. There would be an influx of migrants in the period of time between deciding and putting our new immigration policy (whatever that may be) in place. 2. Whilst we hammer out our own trade deals.
&gt; Correct me if I'm wrong but the UK-Singapore alliance is pretty strong on its own with or without the EU We might have a strong partnership generally speaking, however it is illegal under EU rules for us to have our own trade deals with non-EU countries. &gt; Given the UK is (correct me on this one) becoming an aging population, I think you lot will benefit from the easy talent flow from the EU which comprises of mainly developed countries It's interesting you bring this up, increasing our population to meet the demands of an aging population to me seems like an incredibly short sighed solution for two reasons: * What happens when our new larger working-age population gets old, do we need even more migration. Subjectively I believe that the UK is getting full. I subjectively believe that we have built over more green space than I'd like to already. * The whole of Europe has an aging population, we're just making the problem worse somewhere else by 'taking' all their young working age citizens.
&gt; You know we have a monarchy, right? Wrong, we're a constitutional monarchy. &gt; A constitutional monarchy is a form of government in which a monarch acts as head of state within the parameters of a written (i.e., codified), unwritten (i.e., uncodified) or blended constitution. That is compatible with a democracy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_monarchy &gt; The present-day concept of a constitutional monarchy developed in the United Kingdom, where the democratically elected parliaments, and their leader, the prime minister, exercise power, with the monarchs having ceded power and remaining as a titular position
&gt; exacerbate this economic problem across Europe Well the UK is not a member of the Eurozone, I feel the UK leaving may well exacerbate the problems if Europe decides to give us a really shitty deal. IE Cutting off the nose to spite the face.
&gt; UKs shitty civil liberties Could you fill me in here, are you just saying that because the Tories are in power? In terms of workers rights the UK protects these over and above what the EU demands (if we are so bad wouldn't we be work at the bare minimum we could get away with); whether this is the number of holidays or the amount paternity leave you are entitled to.
&gt; I don't think you understand how trade and sales work. Wrong, if they add a trade tariff to say the price of a BMW than all of a sudden a Jaguar (British/Indian) or a Lexus (Japanese) suddenly looks a lot more appealing stopping the European manufactures from being competitive. There isn't much the EU makes that we can't get elsewhere. It's a buyers market.
I am not going to address your first few points because I need to get to the pub and they're rabbit holes we can never reach conclusions on. &gt; If they want out, why would they want access to the single market? Because the single market is what we originally signed up to, and if the EU represented that original form today then staying in would be a no-brainer for me. &gt; you can't just show them the middle finger one day and then ask them for your benefits back on the next Except I don't want to show them the middle finger, I just want to say, thank you have a nice day but we're doing to do something else from now on.
Yes there is a full stop between the two phrases. Increased population means we need more houses. Just because it's not migrants living in the newly built houses doesn't mean the newly built houses aren't a symptom of population growth. I am not arguing this any further, your not going to convince me with this line of inquiry.
What does this have to do with competitive cycling?
&gt; The original idea of the EU probably was to create a federal state The original idea, the one we signed up to, was a Single Market. &gt; but ultimately the EU has no power without public support. And we haven't been asked since then. &gt; and similar rules would be part of the new free trade agreements which we would make should we leave. Well nobody knows what these new trade deals will look like yet, but that is certainly a real possibility. Bet it'd be a lot easier for us to change the trade deal down the line than it seems like it would of us to 'change the EU from the inside'. &gt; because we carry only about 5-10% of the economic clout of the EU trade bloc I have no idea how you've calculated economic clout, and also the difference between 5 and 10% is huge. What I do know is that we buy high-value goods from the EU than we sell back to them - goods we could buy from elsewhere and goods we could even make ourselves, I think what ever deal, whether that be a trade deal or terms to join just the Single market would be favourable. It's a buyers market.
Don't forget Tour De Trump. https://youtu.be/-4ufHfCZGN4
How is this argument any different to the hovercraft company who is struggling to sell to their large market in Brazil but is struggling because the UK can't strike a trade deal with them independently? You are the beneficiary of the current scheme in which there are currently losers. You *may* lose under another model where other can thrive. (the example I gave was on the BBC but I can't find a websource for it, 'kent online' covers it though: http://www.kentonline.co.uk/kent-business/county-news/british-hover-craft-boss-joins-leave-campaign-97076/) EDIT: if you're going to downvote, at least tell me why.
Yes because belittling those who you disagree with rather than engaging them is how you win arguments.
&gt; I haven't downvoted anything Thanks, I wasn't accusing you personally ;) &gt;And your comparison is using services vs products, even better you're using a highly niche product such as hovercraft.... Sorry but from what you describe you are a niche too &gt; That just happens to be the niche we've built for ourselves. And your use of the word 'industry' made me assume you making something, ie a product. &gt; And your comparison is also using an example of Brazil, one Country thousands of miles away.... I am not sure I see the difference, a pay customer is a paying customer. &gt;If you really believe that potential loss of business to Europe would be compensated for by increased sales of niche products to Brazil, then I think you need a reality check. That wasn't my argument. My argument is that you gave a single anecdotal example - and there is *nothing* wrong with that - where a company could potentially suffer if we left. I was providing a single anecdotal example to show that there are companies who'd benefit. Of course I am not expecting you to vote to leave, I am not even certain which way I am voting. What I am saying is that your anecdote is not a compelling reason for other people to come to a conclusion one way or another. I hope that made sense.
Sorry how does anything you just wrote justify belittling your opposition - the matter I was critique you on.
&gt; Apart from on someone who wants him to be serious all the time. The beauty of the internet is that we have no way of knowing. And ultimately the bottom line is I will discredit the opinion of anyone who can not even emphasise with an opposition that accounts for nearly 50% of the vote.
But specifically in the case of Rand she was strongly against the use of force and violence.
But there are already conceived rights to the park. In reference to America, (not that I agree with her) Rand was arguing that the land was not owned by anybody and therefore it should be ripe for the taking. Charging someone else to use property that they don't have a claim over is closer to how she portrays Orren making Rearden-Metal in Atlas Shrugged.
What's your point. 20 &lt; 52.
When you start going really slowly up hill, then your wheel is not spinning at a constant rate, rather surging on your down stroke and then slows when fighting the pull of gravity one your dead spot. The lighter your wheels, the less impact the constant accelerations have.
I watched a documentary called 'Rise of the foot solider' very eye opening.
Yeah I know what you mean, I was being a bit pedantic - but I hate the notion that fight someone involuntarily is ok so long as there standing. On the otherhand, if two packs of idiots want to beat voluntarily beat 7 shades of shit out of each other then by all means let them crack on.
regrettably sad.
Much shame.
I think you are looking at this the wrong way. You know what foods you like, right? And you must know that some are going to be healthier than others? I mean a Chilli packed with veg is going to be a lot healthier than 'heart attack burger' right? The best recipe book is the internet, just google the items you want to cook, then to know how many calories are in it just add up all the ingrediants that you put in going off the nutritional information on the back of it's packaging or found out from online resources. Then just divide the amount of calories in the entire thing you've made by the number of portions you want to get from it.
Although i accept you suffixed your statement with it being an opinion, bare in mind that OP is 14. They really don't *need* to be eating any more meat than they are doing. Obviously I won't critique you on the vegetables point, fruit and veg are always good.
Although there is nothing inherently wrong with it, I really don't think you should be using Protein supplements at the age of 14. Just eat some real food! If you want to make up those calories eat another banana! Also whilst I think it's awesome you are eating this well at your age, don't take it TOO seriously either - if you friends are going out for pizza every so often you should total go and enjoy that too. Life is for living etc..
Expense. Protein is considerably more expensive than other energy sources. Secondly, I don't really think a 14year old after having satisfied the basic dietary requirements should really be need to macro/micro manage every aspect of their diet. And as you say, That's just my opinion :)
Dude, you're 22. How do you not have control over what you eat? You're an adult. Move out of your parents place and cook for yourself. No offence but you need to get a grip and start taking responsibility.
But if one thing should be it's when our elected polictians want to change the rules of the game by which they play. We vote on FPPvsAV and the Scottish voted in their referendum. The EU referendum is LONG overdue, we should have been asked the second it started to deviate from being more than a single market.
&gt; might look into getting a visa for Canada or the USA Sorry but maybe I am missing something. Why would these countries be better than an independent Britain?
To be fair to him, he's actually done a pretty good job as Justice Secretary reforming prisons. Specifically trying to send less people to them.
Except the MEP don't make the laws, the commission do, the head of whom is appointed by the MEP (and never actually elected himself) and he goes onto select his commission from more nominated (never elected) commissioners.
&gt; facts, facts are what clever people use to fool them But 'the facts' are irrelevant. It's an ideological vote. Do you want to be a part of a bigger super-state that makes 12% of our laws or do you want to be sovereign. Everything else is irrelevant. Yes the facts might suggest that we'd head into a disputably small recession, but most peoples ideologies trump that. It's this smugness in the irrelevant that disillusions those who are swinging to the leave camp.
That would entirely depend under what terms we'd be able to negoaite. If, as I suspect, they'd be favorable and not negate all the reasons from leaving the EU in the first place then yes of course. If the EU had remained a Single Market, then voting Remain would be a no-brainer.
Remind me again how that allows me to vote for the Commission?
&gt; cheap workforce without having to give them any benefits. Which is terrible for the wages of minimum wage works in this country.
Sorry, what control over you does the Royal Family have?
&gt; cabinet ministers in the UK. But the cabinet IS elected, they are just normal MPs. The commission is not formed from MEPs.
&gt; I'd rather be an EU slave than an American one Good, well you can be both if we stay in and TTIP goes through.
Fine, then vote for a party who want to dethrone the monarch.
Very compelling too.
&gt; He is elected by the European Parliament and by the Commission How is he elected by the commission, when it is he who selects the commission? How do we the people fire him?
&gt; You're basically saying 'I don't like democracy if its complicated'. Not at all, but there is a lot to be said for system that can be easily understood. Also I never said **I** was against AV, STV or MMP. I said the UK would never have elected to use it over FPP.
But there is a clear way to vote them out.
&gt; Surely in a supply and demand economy if people don't take up jobs theirs demand for then wages will have to increase to get people to take them Except supply doesn't dry up, this countries minimum wage is a lot of money in the eyes of someone from eastern Europe and there are no barriers for them coming here. This is why big business is so strongly in favour Remain.
&gt; I think I'm eating too many carbs, but also don't know if there are any alternatives, specifically for breakfast and dinner? No your not. If you are struggling to loose weight you are eating too many calories. Reduce the quantity of what you are eating.
Right keep a log of what you eat; measure everything. Just for a couple of weeks. Calculate your calorific intake from that. If after those couple of weeks you've not lost anything, then take 500 calories away from that total and eat that instead. If you're serious about loosing weight then you need a more scientific approach.
Which goes to show what a shit-show-sham the EU is if Germany can decide that for the entire union
&gt; If benefits to migrants are cut Are you kidding. Migrants don't come here to claim benefits. They come her to work, which is admirable - but unsustainable if left unchecked.
Because you are comparing leaving the EU to burning your house down. How isn't that fear mongering?
Then what the fuck is the UNFCC all about then? You can say it's ineffective but you can't say the EU is the only body that has tried. Although it's still far to early to say what effect the Paris Agreement will have.
Were the people asked in the poll given 5 seconds to research the figures first?
&gt; I recommend rice bran oil for cooking rather than olive oil, as olive oil Additionally, the plain old cheap 'vegetable' oil is often Rapeseed oil in some countries (like the UK) which is high quality. It should say what type of oil it is on the back.
haha, well I was hoping for a response from them. Your comment is implied otherwise.
&gt; my comfort is more valuable than your hard work This assumes that I'd consume the content if there weren't ads. Which is incorrect. I got rid of my TV because of adverts. Watching the content when I otherwise wouldn't doesn't deprive the content creator of anything - they're not even paying for the hosting. Which brings me onto my final points: * If the content creator would rather I didn't watch their video if I was going to skip the ads, then the type of content is probably not something I'd enjoy anyway. * Surely it's better I watch the content then can spread the message and engage in discussion about it with other people who are not so offended by adverts?
It is your view that "The British education system is fundamentally flawed, and should be completely overhauled" Yet none of the reason you've given are fundemental issues that could easily be ammended without overhaul. 1) Uniforms. Why is this necessary? School children wearing uniforms can neither be seen as fundamental flaw nor could the overnight removal of this practice be seen as an overhaul. The school would still function in the same way it does today. &gt; 3) Mandatory school prayer. This one definitely takes the cake. British schools are required by law to have a once-daily act of public worship, and this is required to be of a "broadly Christian character", or something like that. Many schools do not do this and there is no come upance. The reasons some schools still do it is because they are religious schools. If the view you'd like changing is 'I think religious schools should be outlawed than please make another thread'.
It's not a fucking possession. It's not physical. Your using the same arguments those god awful MPA 'You wouldn't steal a car' PSAs use. &gt; Your logic justifies acts such as dine and dashing Absolutely not. The restaurant has to pay for the cooks time, the food costs, the waiter service, the building costs... if I eat there and do not pay then the restaurant is out of pocket. A closer equivalence is looking through the window of a restaurant I could never afford to eat at, and then going home and trying to recreate the recipe in my kitchen. Yes I 'stole' their recipe, but the restaurant isn't out of pocket, nor have they lost potential custom because I couldn't afford to eat there.
No **I** said that. I was making the point that I'd already address the argument you were making by quoting a previous post I'd made.
&gt; Great idea, David. You fucking stupid twat. How is it Cameron's fault alone. Where is JC in all of this?
I really hope so. I am currently likely vote leave (I swung over from 'remain'), but if I felt like the EU weren't so ambivalent about us - and give us some leway on our borders but also set in stone a roadmap as to how they'll address the Democratic deficit then I'd definitely consider switching back.
Watch it from the beginning, the section on train-poster is fantastic.
Actually imagine the quality of the jokes if Top Gear with Clarkson would be like through the referendum.
I know what sovereignty and self governance are thank you, no need to be a smug cunt. &gt; Neither do you, with the outright admission of the Leave campaign, which makes it more humorous. Of course, I fully accept it's a step into the unknown. But I am willing to take it for the sake of democracy that aligns closer with my own ideals.
Really, I have to cite that the EU has free movement of people? Really, fine: * http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catId=457 &gt; Free movement of workers is a fundamental principle of the Treaty enshrined in Article 45 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union I honestly have to cite that the UK imposes restrictions on non-EU migrants. Gee fine. * https://www.gov.uk/guidance/immigration-rules Granted I should probably have cited that we didn't restrict polish migrants when they joined but it isn't central to my argument. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_enlargement_of_the_European_Union#Free_movement_issues Of course 'widely considered' is an opinion, but I'll use Reddit's favourite lefty-rag as a source: * http://www.theguardian.com/news/2015/mar/24/how-immigration-came-to-haunt-labour-inside-story &gt; Virtually all politicians now agree that the failure to impose transitional controls was a mistake
&gt; Yes, only years prior it was the European Coal and Steel Community. The question asked in 1975 was: &gt; Do you think the United Kingdom should stay in the European Community (the Common Market)? * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom_European_Communities_membership_referendum,_1975 I don't think it's unrealistic to suggest that we deviated from a 'European Community' and/or a 'Common Market'. &gt; Let's say France and Britain have completely different standards. Let's say France has lower standards. Therefore energy stations in France can be built cheaper and run cheaper as they don't have to worry so much about emissions. It then becomes an incentive for Britain to import energy from France instead of producing it, giving the French company an unfair advantage. That level of indirection in logic can be used to justify anything though. You could make the case that we should have a union-wide speed limit so that cars driven in one country are safe to be used across the union. It's far fetched IMO. They should just admit it's a power grab, the intentions can be benevolent but that's how I see it. I accept that someone could subjectively see that differently, but I'm not going to change my view.
Dude, those old foks (vets) are the ones you WANT to train with when starting out. Ideally at least once every other week. They might be old and even slow, but I bet you they'll take a better line on a fast descent then you, I bet you they're better at sheltering behind other riders when they're not on the front, I bet you they pace themselves better, I bet you they handle their bike better than you. And most importantly they know all the best routes, with the best cafes and even pubs along the way. You're going to want and even need in some countries to be in a club before you can race.
Twice a day is fine, just know that you're not going to be able to do two intense sessions in one day, furthermore bear in mind you still need to factor in recovery time. Even more so with 2x a day training. I normally train 2x a day if I miss a few training sessions due to life commitments. So I come into it very well rested. Normally it might be something like Hill Reps in the morning, than a casual ride with friends in the evening.
&gt; What exactly is wrong with a super state? Nothing, if and only if you can convince the nation democratically vote to enter it.
I am 99% certain that was an american voice actor. She probably just read the script as it was presenter to her. I could definitely imagine someone who doesn't know about bikes mispronouncing Chamois.
He's right on three issuse: * Carbs * Power Meter * Spin2win Wrong on everything else.
&gt; That seems like the anti-EU myth that it is undemocratic. It's not, it's just not direct democracy It's both. The problem is what is and isn't democratic is subjective. For some people democratic would mean they are governed directly by those who have been elected. To them the addition of layers of indirection effectively weak the democratic-bond between the people and the rulers. And other people are happy so long as they can see that there is a process from some form of election all the way up to the president, regardless of how many layers they didn't get a direct say in. Another way in which it's subjectively democratic, is because the power was taken way from the British government undemocratically. That is the role of our domestic politicians has changed since 1975 when we voted to join the 'European Community and Common Market' (no mention of union) - since then powers have move from west minster to brussels undemocratically. The workings of the institution itself *might* be democratic, but our place in it isn't. The final way in which I believe it's subjectively undemocratic is because we have talk about granularity. The problem is what is 'the people' As another commenter has already noted, there is no single 'European Identity'. The people in many peoples eyes therefore must surely mean the nations - in our case Britain: I mean we never had a referendum to say otherwise. The issue is that if our democratically elected MEPs in Brussels all vote the same way then our nation can still be strong armed by a continental majority into doing something we don't want to. Exactly this has happened recent in the European Ports Services directive.
Really? America are doing a better job with TTIP than David Cameron did trying to get a better deal for Britian. What's more is we have a lot of clout as a net importer, the deals we strike with Europe will be from the perspective of a buyer in a buyers market.
&gt; How does removing the immigrants help? Because there would be no demand to do unskilled yet physically demanding work for minimum wage when unskilled but not demanding work or dare I say benefits is an alternative. &gt; It would make sure that native brits would get the job, Well no, there would be no job because nobody who is acustom to the quality of life we except in the UK would do a job that demanding for minimum wage. &gt; it wouldn't do anything to up the wages The supply of applicants for such roles would dry up (because there would be fewer unskilled migrants) and employers (such as industrial farms and sports direct) would be force to pay a more realistic wage for difficulty of the work. (we already know UK nationals are not apply for those roles, it's used as an excuse as to why employers don't hire brits in the first place) &gt; if you need money you'll do the job. Except unemployment is down, there are other jobs - you could work in a call centre or stack shelves. Why on earth would you want to lug bricks around a site unless the level of pay meets the level of work. **EDIT:** Afterthought: flip it on it's head. You're a farmer, you need staff to do physical labour in your field for harvest time only. You put an advert out, and you get only a handful applications from UK nationals because tough seasonal work is neither a good deal nor a long term solution for somebody in the UK. You however get plenty applicants from Eastern Europe who will happily come here, live in an over filled house share with little overhead for 4 months then go home where the minimum wage accumulated would actually be significant. You have two options. Increase the wage to attract uk nationals, to fairly compensate them. Employ the Eastern European migrants. I could never condemn an employer for doing the latter, nor would I ever condemn them migrants for seeking that work (it's admirable actually). But it'll never help increase the wages of those who do that work.
Has anyone said he isn't or are you just stating the obvious?
There won't be many pro riders who'd balk at a Sky contract from fear of being a 'boring drone'.
Indeed, I've made my case elsewhere - but in short the only say we've had in the matter was when we were asked whether we wanted to join European Community (the Common Market) in 1975, which has nothing to do with what it's become.
The biggest issue is that you'll of lost your cardio vascular capacity. You literally will have less blood and it'll be lower quality. Your heart will also have forgotten some what how to be effective under load. After breaking my collarbone, I found that after doing rides which really got my HR up and help it there for a bit - that I noticed the most benefit.
40g of Dark Chocolate provides some benefits in some high level athletes. The best is apparently 70% lindt - supposedly they use a different process for 85 and above which affects the favanols which is where the benefit comes from.
&gt; paint leave as the most sane kind of argument Get a grip man. What a ridiculous thing to say. Leave is a campaign for an idea. Not everyone who will vote for leave aligns with a campaign. If it was a leave campaigner who was killed would you be applying that same logic - I doubt it. &gt; have-I-got-trousers-on-my-head-again Although reddit doesn't appear to want to acknowledge this as though it'd absolve what he was done, but this guy is clearly mentally ill.
That's not a very good analogy. Because that's be like saying they're going put their money back into a sinking ship. Which would not be the case.
urghh. that means your teabag will be in contact with cold milk.
The teabag never gets to brew with the water at boiling point. I have no idea what this milk breaking down stuff is all about.
How is modern lard or beef dripping different to the 18th century stuff?
* Work on your FTP. Plenty of resources on how to do that online (GCN has at least 10 videos on the matter) * Race frequently, enter lots of club &amp; open 10. doing 2 or 3 a week will only help you until you really start to get to the sharp end. * Read this: http://cyclingtips.com/2010/04/biggest-bang-for-your-buck-in-time-trial-equipment/ Expanding on the last point, TT extensions, Aero helmet and skinsuit .. sort it!
On big complex issues, with emotive &amp; subjective elements it doesn't help at all. Things like elections and the EU referendum. But how many trivial pub arguments (completely unrelated to politics) can be shut down in a single google search. When I feel like people are about come out with some BS these days I'll just let them know that I will google it.
Additionally leather brooks saddles is the saddle of choice for the UK long distance crowd. It never stops raining here so I doubt you should make that your concern. If I didn't race I'd probably use a brooks.
I think a hybrid of both approaches is correct. Use the book as a mechanism to get inside the head of someone with a completely different philosophy on life. I learnt a lot from the book - I most certainly don't agree with much of what she wrote - but I took away the importance of traits like self-determination and self-responsibility that the people who run this world rate highly. ...That said, I found the Galt speech incredibly hard going.
Did you watch the Youtube/Huffpost/Telegraph debate? The host kept trying to put in google search data and the panellists - especially Boris was getting extremely tired of how frequently X-trivial thing had been googled over the last 4 months.
Skag does that.
In or out the UK will remain a rich &amp; influential country. What is this life altering disaster you are talking about?
Confidence and uncertainty. Don't sweat it, it's far far far too early to be worried.
Brexit is definitely the preferred outcome for big business. GS, JPM &amp; MS were all big backers of the remain campaign.
&gt; I completely agree that remain should have done a better and more positive job here, but leave's campaign has been disgusting Your bias is showing. I was 'undecided' right up until the last moment. Both campaigns were equally full of shit and constantly misrepresented the others position.
Isolation to freely interact with the rest of the world.
Get a grip EDIT: this sub laughable, such sore losers.
The arguing is DONE, you lost by vote, remember?
&gt; there's always something. That something has always been aspects of the EU. And quite frankly, the EU has ignored us at every turn. The reason it's in EU benefit to give us favourable deals with Common market is because we are a net importer it's in the EU interest.
&gt; Hint three: Your comment was an incredibly gendered one. Hence. How on earth you can throw that at me? You are the one who used the term Womanly. Or is it ok when women use it?
We should have an referendum and leave the internet them.
Yes, because we were in the EC before the Euro. The EC became the EU and they couldn't force us to adopt the Euro. We're not alone in this status either: Demark has it's own currency too. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maastricht_Treaty * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currencies_of_the_European_Union
Do we know if anyone has successfully got them to replace their stages with the ANT+ drop out problem yet?
&gt; A lot of Scotland aren't even against the euro haha what? one of then SNPs key points that they were at pains to stress at the referendum was that they could keep the pound. Now they'd be forced to take the Euro (all new EU members must) so that selling point is down the shitter along with the oil-value.
Yeah they replaced mine with the water leaking issue and gave me one (gen2) with the ANT+ dropout issue. What a joke. I bought a Pioneer unit for my TT bike, slightly more expensive (very slight) but WAY more reliable. It's a different class of product.
Still doesn't need the wiggle. Although I do think Copenhagen has the be infra in the world. I much prefer their primarily 'integrated' rather than segregated approach.
I can assure you that &gt; 50% is not arbitrary. I've heard that it's also known as a 'majority'.
Actually he represented out fishing industry rather well. The fishing industry didn't want to campaign in the EU, they overwhelming wanted out. To them have our waters fished by Dutch trawlers was not acceptable.
Why? We would have of also of joined at &gt;50.
Can you seriously not see the difference between 18 and 16? I held radically different views between leaving secondary school living with my parents and after my first year of uni living away managing my own money &amp; life.
Tangential: Can we please stop saying 'salty'?
A boost for the option listed first on the ballot. MP will change their names enmass to start with the letter 'a' or even non letter characters.
That same argument could be made by saying. Well actually I matured much more between 5 and 12 than I did between 12 and 16 therefore you should be able to vote at 12. We have to set the line somewhere, you're just looking for a reason to complain about the outcome of the Referendum. And just like Scottish referendum, it wouldn't have made any difference because: * Turn out would be low * Some percentage of that low turn out would still vote leave
I'd say it's a persons civic duty to be informed about what it is they're voting for. But in the reality of people not enacting that responsibility - I'd rather they had the option to not vote.
Some percentage of people would feel compelled to vote on way or another: *I've not dragged my arse out of bed to vote 'none of the above'*. I really do wish more people would actually vote, and as-importantly get engaged with politics. But this, I hope, could be done with a cultural change rather than by force. Also (and I know know how Aus' does it) do you actually make people vote? Do you punish those who don't vote?
True. I certainly have. However you can't deny that an 18 year old is an adult. A 16yo is still a child.
&gt; My flatmate is a Spanish nurse and is now looking to go leave the country this year &gt;European are talking about how and when they are going to leave the country and where they will go Why? Nobody who is already here, especially if they are in working, *especially* if it's in skilled jobs like nursing is going to be made to leave.
Projection. If something is going to be doomed it's the EU. Once another big hitter leaves the EU (Denmark, Holland, France) it's done for.
I genuinely don't know which way you're imply that landslide will go. Why would you vote to leave when: * Scotland can now get it's fishing industry back * Scotland would have to adopt the Euro (like all new EU member states) * Oil prices are lower than they were at the last Scot ref &amp; have proven to be turbulant
Why won't they? Oil is not as valuable and is much more turbulent than when Scotland lost their last referendum, and should they (which'd be the whole point) want to rejoin the EU then they'd have to adopt the Euro. Bare in mind, just like the 'leave win' in England, the remain majority in Scotland wasn't that vast and turn out was pretty poor. I suspect a of the 'remain voters' where the same people who voted out in the Scot ref. And any of those who voted to leave the EU would vote to keep the EU together. Anyway, we don't really need to speculate, I suspect a Scottish referendum is on the cards - my money is on it failing.
Ok sure, but my point stands, what makes you think all of those would rather leave the UK than join the EU? Especially given my two main points (the Euro and Oil).
&gt; You voted to give up Britian's influence over the EU and europe bc of the smugness No, I voted to 'probably' loose a very small amount of influence for a myriad (7 I've detailed) of reasons including but not limited to smugness - the most important of which is not wanting to be a part of a Federal 'United States of Europe'. &gt; That is incredible stupid. Yes keep belittling those you don't agree with, and you'll keep finding yourself on the loosing side. The misrepresentation of the opposition has consistently been the most toxic part of this whole process.
I don't think it's ironic, that's exactly what I expect for that very reason.
Which lie did I vote according to?
They'd just win again. Labour is down the shitter and whilst the Lib Dems would see somewhat of revival, it wouldn't be enough. All you actually risk is UKIP gaining some serious ground if people fear that certain outcomes could 'undo' the referendum.
Yes, and it's exactly that sort of attitude and system which made people vote to leave the union.
Because that'd be changing the rules of the game until it met your desired outcome.
Are you joking? At least where I live we have loads of Romanian beggars and rose sellers. I used to live next to a 2up 2down filled with them .. like mattresses on the floor in the front room and suspicious mafia visits in blacked out BMWs. I'd take hard working Pols any day.
Laughably the French may well be the next to leave.
&gt; parliament will disapprove of enacting Article 50 They can disapprove of it all they want, they'll still have to do. Do you want UKIP in power? Because that'd put UKIP in power, fuck I'd actually support it in the face of such anti-democracy.
It's not so much that the people of this sub have changed their opinion. It's that this sub has become a ludicrous echo chamber that any dissenting voice have upped and left (IE didn't vote labour, didn't vote remain).
Is that the actual number? (I honest know nothing about cars). I'd of though it'd of been 10x that. Sure the profit from 4000 doesn't cover the R&amp;D costs. EDIT: Yep: http://www.speedhunters.com/2013/08/aston-martin-at-gaydon-the-dream-factory/ Rather surprising.
My mate's uncles bastard son owns an Aston branch and has caught dengue fever and taken up skag. He now sells used Rovers on autotrader.
I guess this problem with self-fix when France leave the EU too.
&gt; I think the point was that calling a referendum was stupid. I think calling the referendum so long after the EC had clearly morphed a long way from the Common Market and into the EU was the stupid thing. We should have of had been given the decision a long time ago when it became clear that the EU is a march towards federal union.
That's because humans are fickle and have moved on. The 'I am going to move to canada' posts on my Facebook feed have also dried up.
God lets hope they don't if our politicians try and weasel out of the will of the people. We've made this decision, we've got to live with the consequences. Positive &amp; negative.
We could not have introduced a pts based system for EU citizens. That is a core tennent of the Eu
&gt; /r/UK is one of the higher quality subreddits IMO. Bahahahahaha, oh pull the other one. The hysterical hubris displayed here in the last few days has been tragic to say the least.
It takes about 6 moths minimum to get a working visa for Canada, so either you don't intend to be there for long, or you've been planning that long before Brexit.
I hope you read this under the mountain of downvotes I will receive, but don't expect an un bias rationale answer from this sub or reddit in general. Many, at least 52%, of the people in the UK are generally happy and optimistic about our future. As am I, and I was weary before voting. ...David Cameron clearly feels as though he was left with no choice but leave. I think more than a few people are a bit pissed to say the least as he explicitly said he wouldn't leave and now we'll probably wind up with an PM we didn't elect. That said, I am still overall generally speaking positive going forward.
Sorry but I am not even going to consider opening an Independent link, they've proven themselves to be far from impartial.
Well luckily for him there is no strong opposition.
The referendum in 1975 was for the European Community and Common Market (their words). That doesn't resemble the European Union we've just voted to leave.
As some one else some where else correct me on, apparently only 30% of leave voters listed immigration as their core issue. That's still a lot, but we still don't know whether or not we'll be able to control that (it looks like the EU doesn't even want us to have a Norway type deal!). And seriously, I don't know anyone who thought that they'd get 350mil to spend on the NHS. I am certain there are uninformed leave voters out there, but there are also uninformed remain voters who thought that leaving the EU would mean they couldn't go on holiday to spain, or expats would be forced home. Let's see how it pans out, hey?
Ride the tram with the App open. Only buy a ticket if the inspectors come round. Don't sit next to the door so you won't be the first to be asked. Better yet, just cycle
Sorry, but there is plenty of condemnation of the racists from the British public - unattributed. Why would you automatically attribute it to just those who voted remain? Stop being so arrogant as to think that the majority of those who don't agree with you on one matter must hold abhorrent views in every other facet of opinion.
Extremely well put.
Well first I'd have to ask you whether you are in favour of a federal united states of Europe?
I'd vote for David Davis any day of the week. I have a lot of respect for him.
Then you are lucky. I live in the UK where it's pretty much permanently rainy. Gen1 stages sold well here, yet I don't know a single person who still has a working Gen1 stages. I was sent a Gen2 as a replacement for my Gen1 (water ingress), I frequently get drop outs. Especially if I ride with my hands on the tops. I am not making this up, I have utterly nothing to gain, google either issue and you'll see that I am not alone either. And to be fair to Stages they were very good at replacing the first gen units.
My non drive side Pioneer does but to be honest it's kind of worth it, the cadence reporting is much more reliable than stages especially when changing gear. What I would say is don't waste time with the double sided adhesive, just bind the magnet to your frame with electrical type.
fuck me then. Every time I've tripped I've always wanted to be in a nice quite or relaxed environment. The last thing I'd want is to be surging in a road race with riders a couple of inches away on every axis!
Many people voted Tory because of the offer of a referendum. There weren't many people who voted FOR a referendum that they wanted to fail.
Wow that's awesome, I didn't know that was possible with ANT+. Are there any other noticeable improvements?
You're at it again. Your rhetoric is toxic. &gt; even now you morons can't justify leaving &gt; just repeating the same moronic load of shit over and over It's almost like different people have different opinions. Fancy that. No doubt you also think all leave campaigners are also riddled regret.
Yeah that's true enough, but my point is that it's not like this referendum was hidden in anyway. It was promised and delivered. &gt; I don't think anyone actually expected a referendum I think that, whilst true for many, show the sort grotesque complacency towards those who elected the Tories on that basis, and I'd argue it's that same sort of complacency is what lead to remain loosing.
&gt; but of course you don't want to know about that argument No, I don't want to be in an argument with YOU. My history shows I have no problem stating my opinions. Good Day.
Oh man, this argument that vote leaves were all duped and now are all racked with regret it completely phony. Remain lost because the 18-24 demographic didn't turn up on voting day. The over 40s demographic are just as stead fast in their desire to leave the union and turned up to make their voice heard.
Can some explain what this 'based' thing is all about. I honestly don't know what it means.
Why don't you ask the Norweign people who, despite their leaders desires, still want remain outside the EU but in the EEA. Additionally they only have to accept 21% of the EUs laws &amp; directives, meanwhile EU members have at accept 100% (obviously) and we arguably didn't have much clout anyway.
Unless you know how they voted that goes both ways.
I replied to a comment that made that the assumption that the people making the attackers where voters at all. Do you think this guy votes? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo3ldSEavQg
In that case I am for an FTA over a EEA membership.
I see. (I don't but ignore me).
&gt; The EU have been pretty clear this isn't on the table Sorry you are going to have source that claim. The EU has plenty of FTAs without free movement of people: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union_free_trade_agreements The only thing 'they've' said is that joining the EEA without FMoP is not going to happen, which is understandable.
Merkel is if anything the most sympathetic to the UKs situation at the moment. To address the link you've provided: &gt; such as the single market, without accepting principles like free movement when it negotiates its exit from the bloc. An FTA would allow to trade WITH the common market whilst not being in it. And I completely agree with her, if we are to be in the EEA or the single market it's reasonable that we should be able to cherry pick. The article doesn't mention Free Trade Agreements at all. &gt; Looking at that agreement it seems that only Korea have actually got a deal in place Indeed, this was stated as one of the reason to leave, it takes an eternity to agree and enact Trade Agreements with the EU, the UK could be much more agile in setting these up on it's own.
&gt; if you're choosing between a Jag or a Beemer price may well not be your primary concern What about a Skoda and Nissan? &gt; What about the French? What about them, they're up next for a referendum. Especially if the plans for an EU army are progressed (I hope they aren't). &gt; We're weaker here, its a fact That's definitely not a 'fact'. There are lots of economic benefits (as well as the well discussed negatives) to Brexit. Although I would personally speaking agree with the economic experts who suggest that we are worse out, but I don't think we are much worse out. Furthermore it's far to early to say. The GBP, FTSE100 &amp; even the FTSE250 are slowly creeping back up and are in a similar position to where they were at the end of feb. * http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/prices-and-markets/stocks/indices/ftse-indices.html Furthermore you've also moved the conversation onto a subject I don't necessarily disagree with you on. I was and still are talking about why we are likely to get as FTA, I assume you now accept that is definitely still an option? And with that, I'd remind you the vote is done, leave won. We now need to be as optimistic as possible and shoot for the best possible deal we can get. I never have believed that Brexit is a dichotomy between the 'land of milk and honey' and 'the apocalypse' - we're talking about a two potentially bright futures of the UK.
You make it sound like Scotland HAVE left. They haven't been given a referendum, let alone made their decision yet. There are plenty of reasons that the Scottish who voted to remain would also vote to remain in a post brexit united kingdom, mainly that Scotlands trades a lot more with the rest of UK (65%) than it does with the EU: https://fullfact.org/scotland/scotlands-international-trade-under-independence/
How do you expect to blame them? Did you even read the thread?
&gt; ...But why don't you want it? What is the argument for rejecting a political union with Europe as a concept? On this point alone. There is a perceived notion that the EU has a direction in mind, like a business it has a vision and mission statement. This is not controlled by the people but the elites at the top. Yes our MEPs and even the heads of state get to pick over laws and directives made by the appointed civil servants. But at best they're only picking over the details. It's like asking whether something could 'technically work' rather than 'should we do this' and more importantly 'is this what the people want'. (Which also leads onto who are 'the people'). Furthermore, even when a directive or law fails to pass through the heads of states or European Parliament it goes away for a bit, a few amendments are made and then it comes back. Until the objections are gone. The problem is that the direction doesn't change just the details. I personally don't want to live under such a system. Sorry.
Do you regret loading your questions to the point of absurdity?
Thank you, you've told me all I need to know. You don't have to dig out the statistics, instead just name one peice EU legislature that applies to us but that we don't enact?
I believe that you don't know for sure. Sure enough to phrase your question the way you did. Bare in mind this sub and it's users are chronically on the wrong side of public opinion. And I absolutely don't believe that NI is going anywhere. Scotland will ask for and vote in a referendum, but it will be another close one, to close to call now.
Nope. I voted leave but expect remain.
But the FTSE250 is recovering steadily too. It's not back to pre-brexit but it's trend is upwards and considerably more consistent that the 100 too.
&gt; It has no need to deviate from these terms now, so it won't With the exception of them saying that they will not let us in the Single Market unless we except free movement of people (which we already knew/assumed) they haven't ruled anything in or out. As I've already said, as net importers, we have the whip hand. &gt; Well, considering that there are no more British domestic car companies A car made here by a foreign company would not incur tariffs. The same way McDonalds don't pay tariffs on every Big Mac they sell. And with that, we do actually build a lot of cars here, furthermore if we could buy them from any other country who we establish a good deal with. PS: Newsnight has just covered how the French Fiance mister is starting to hint that the UK might be able to get the EU to budge on SM access and FMoP.
I see. Although I can easily see why Sheffield voted out. It's a Northern city that feels neglected by the great and good in London and isn't benefiting from the 'Northern Powerhouse' the same way Manchester &amp; Leeds are. They'd rather take a leap into the unknown then drudge on with the status quo.
To be fair to them, if their aim was to give the political elite a bloody nose, then the working class and ignored northern areas have done it and done it to great effect.
That makes no sense. If that was the case you'd expect and inverse relationship between the pound and the FTSE250. But the opposite is true. The FTSE250 started going up when the GBP started going up to. In fact the value of the FTSE250 is a smoothed out mirror of the GBP-USD graph. Be honest, if the pound up, the pound went down, FTSE up or down you'd try and spin it one way or another to fit your narrative - but the realities don't bore it out.
I couldn't disagree more for two reasons: * 'everything will be fine' expect our democracy will be a joke (not debating this point, don't bother) * the markets have already accounted for us leaving - that's what that huge dip was after the referendum * uncertainty is what causes turmoil in the markets not invoking a.50 leaves us in a state of uncertainly 'will they, won't they?' * Business are putting of decision about hiring, firing &amp; investment until they know what sort of deal we are going to get. Not invoking a.50 just means those decisions will never get made.
&gt; We weren't expecting consistent drops anyway, What? The FTSE250 is consistent but it's not dropping. It's growing. &gt; expects our economy will change the way many of us have been predicting Sorry not following. * FTSE250 is on it's way back to old levels * FTSE100 is back. * Pound is up, it may not hit the old highs but if it settles around 1.4 that'd great (1.34 now). If I'd of listened to /r/uk before the referendum I'd be taking my pay cheque home in a wheel barrow and using bank notes to paper my walls. That's said, I am not going to say it's going to be perfect. I generally agree with the assessment that the UK economy will grow 1-2% less fast than if we hadn't left over the next 18months. But quite frankly, we knew there would be short term pain - and it's a price worth pay for the major reasons many voted out. EDIT: The FTSE250 is now actually at the same value it was on the 16th of this month, and much higher than it was in Feb.
What else where they supposed to do, just put up with be ignored be consecutive governments of all parties?
It'd be funnier if he stood for the Labour leadership, that'd be a curve ball nobody would of seen coming.
Thank you. I'd already edited it from 'would have of' to 'would've of'. But I guess I was still wrong.
It pains me to agree. But if she resided over the Tory leader whilst we get to grips with our new relationship the EU I could deal with that. Although I'd like to see a General Election once it's stabalised. I find TM far too authoritarian for my liking.
IDK. I don't actually use it.
Indeed. Although to play devils advocate. Much of what the 'Northern Powerhouse' requires is convincing companies based in London to open offices in the North. That's easier to do if your offices are in the south. But still.
&gt; Is this the end of the Conservatives as we know them? No, they've lost some credibility for sure, but most of his has been laid on specific members like Cameron (for calling the referendum and bugging off), not the party as a whole. Furthermore there are still untarred characters in the party: Thersa May for example Finally, in terms of 'if there was a vote today' the conservatives wouldn't come off anywhere nearly as badly as the second biggest party, Labour. &gt; If so, how can the Conservatives maintain rule? Because they were elected on the manifesto pledge to give us the referendum. They did, and we voted out. &gt; Is there a general feeling the Conservatives won't survive the next election? No. &gt; If so, how do the lame ducks expect to create and enforce policy? Right now we need strong leadership not bickering and infighting. I honestly think if some one beit Gove or May steps up and leads the Tories and becomes prime minster the general public would go along with it. Besides there is no strong alternative. &gt; And finally: political forces may attempt to reverse the referendum, I hope not, what's done is done as you say. &gt; re-align the UK's new economic reality Labour yes, the Lib Dems no, the latter wants to capital under the displeasure with the decision and win over the 'remain' voters whilst labour is in disarray. &gt; somehow convince Scotland and NI to remain in the union? If you look at the Gordon Browns statements today, that's already in motion. Further more Sturgeon was politely snubbed down by the EU yesterday.
Don't talk nonsense. You've been listening to the Reddit echo chamber too long. Gordon Brown made some very good points today, and will hopefully set the tone for the 'better together' argument. * Oil is much less valuable then it was at the last referendum * The currency is uncertain post Brexit (New EU member must adopt the Euro) * Scotland trades much more with the UK than it does with the EU. I am not saying that Scotland definitely won't vote to leave. But it's more likely they'll stay IMO.
This is regrettably my position also. I've stated here a few times that I actually think Nick did a great job in coalition - and would like to see the LD be a coalition partner again in the future (probably the most likely optimistic outcome). But they won't win my vote on the platform of overturning a democratic decision.
I really don't understand this. Here in the UK loads of us use a 'homebrew' 1x setup and it works fine. TTs are normally flat and you're not reacting to attacks, so you're not changing gears in panic. I've happily just used a single chainring up front with no catcher and it works fine. I've not found cross chaining is really not a problem either - the majority of the time you're in the middle of your block. I think running a narrow range cassette like a 11-23 or 25 helps no end too, but if you need more than that you'd probably want a second chain ring too boot.
Yes he should have. The result would have been the same but Labour would have won back their working class vote, and lost there city-liberals who are pushing the party into unelectability. At least then there'd be a proper opposition in parliament and the 2020 ge will be a 2 horse race not a shoe-in.
Undercurrent, ha. At least under new labour the shit they introduced was scary (how many government databases for just about everything). Luckily their ID card scheme fell flat on it's arse.
&gt; But FoM will push all unskilled jobs **down to the minimum** I might not be minimum itself. 10quid an hour still isn't great if you want to buy a house or have kids...
Fad diets are hardly new. The ones in the Doc' are a dumb waste of money and make you jump through arbitrary hoops but there no where near as dangerous as past fads like Atkins.
I was a leave voter, but it was a very close call. I think there are plenty of very good reasons to have voted remain. I do, however, think that many people voted remain (or said they voted remain) due to fear of being branded a racist or being lumped together with Farage by the less tolerant (see /r/uk). There are definitely people I avoid talking to about the subject with.
You say that but [one in three children (England and Wales) are born to non British parents](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10532695/Nine-in-10-babies-born-in-parts-of-Britain-have-a-foreign-parent.html). So if you worked in midwifery or paediatrics then you'll probably run into this all the time. Also I suspect a GP would spend a disproportionate amount of time dealing with young families and the elderly. The former would increase exposure to the associated issues too - especially if non-british families have more children on average. Whereas if you deal with cancer or dementia care, you may infrequently find this an issue, but that doesn't stop it being a real issue for the above mentioned departments.
&gt; Suffice to say I disagree on some of those That is fine, I fully empathise with the Remain PoV, I honestly nearly voted Remain and decided in the polling station. That said I have hardened to my decision and do firmly believe it was the right one; I guess that is some facet of human nature. Ultimately my real belief is 'What is democratic' and 'What is democracy' is subjective. If we accept that a democracy is defined by: 1. A political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections; 2. The active participation of the people, as citizens, in politics and civic life; 3. Protection of the human rights of all citizens, 4. A rule of law, in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens Then I think the EU scores highly on 3 and 4. But I would also would assert that the EU falls short heavily on point 2 and somewhat on 1. 1 because I think the commission is the true government and the MEPs are the scrutineers. I am not saying the British system is perfect by those metrics, I just think we have a much better chance of changing it and the places it falls short are less immutable.
&gt; Sure, follow an ideology that throws the country off an economic cliff. Just don't expect everyone to be cool with it. Yet to happen. &gt; You cannot compare this to a general election. Brexit and a general election are utterly different things. Both are democracy in action.
I have already explain in detail why I believe that Brexit was the right decision on balance. I did not mean for the above remark to be interpreted as saying we should vote Brexit to spite Dave. But Dave wouldn't have gone to Brussels if he had thought our current deal was adequate - so to come back with no real improvement implies that it's not good enough *and* shows how immutable to reform the EU is.
Irrogence too. Like David Cameron and his post referendum planning.
&gt; The labour party now is different now thanks to Corbyn Agreed, accept that the majority of the parliamentary MPs in the Labour party are the same people who vote were a part of Blair &amp; Brown's government. These are the exact same MPs who only months ago tried to repeated oust him from his role. I am actually quite impressed by the ability to swallow their intense dislike for him and his ideals and rally around him for the election. But you can tell their support is only skin deep when the likes of Diane Abbot is the Shadow Foreign Sec' -- doesn't anybody more competent want to step up and take that role? &gt; I beg you to codify l consider him for the vote No chance, I could not vote for somebody who wants to significantly expand the role and size of the state and make the private sector pick up the tab. Based entirely on the false notation that increasing Corporation Tax will increase Tax take linearly whilst all correlations suggest that it'll do the opposite, and at a time where all OECD nations are doing the polar opposite. * https://www.cato.org/blog/corporate-tax-rates-revenues-britain * http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/oecd_cit_rates_panel_2013-1024x471.png &gt; May is just another hollow husk of a politician who won't change a thing I'd rather things stay the same then lurch sharply to the left. I could get behind Farron's view of the future for the UK -- but he looses all credibility with his stance on Brexit. &gt; It's everyone but the 1% I believe it's everyone but the 5%. Except it's not really, the vast majority of us are employed and our employers pay corp tax. Increasing the tax rate on our employers will have an effect on either us employees (in wage growth) or us as consumers (prices will go up). &gt; Sure he may not have a immigration policy that you like Don't assume anything about me, his immigrations policy is the least of my concerns - if anything I prefer it to May's hard caps. But I do not consider it an important issue. &gt; and I live in an area that's kind of a left wing Haven for other races. I don't really know what you mean by that or what argument you are making. Are you suggesting that I am racists or live in a sheltered area -- I can assure you neither are true. Being tolerant has nothing to do with mass expansion of the state.
Diane video? Link?
Some of the things he is says are just facts - it's not twisting JC words in anyway to have him say that he's against the renewal of Trident. And whilst there is missing context for the examples of him calling 'Hama friends' and similar - it doesn't really change the point - regardless of context that's simply not language that someone who should be opposing those groups be using. Think about it this way: *I have invited my friends from ISIS...* yeah, no.
So long as it's servable with Gravy or Custard I am open.
I'd of thought around 5quid a day for 2 people. We cook everything from scratch and 'bulk out' our meals with veg and whatever carbs (rice, oats, potato) and try and contain our eating to the meal itself - rather than snacking between meals which greatly adds to the expense.
They're not really 'simple' like, refined sugars. Depending on the quality of those carbs I'd describe most of those as complex. Oats, basmati rice, wholewheat bread, potatoes, good quality pasta are all great carb sources.
Rice makes you feel sluggish? What sort of rice do you use and how do you make it? Rice is my go to 'feeling light' fuel.
&gt; but frankly those are all pretty refined still Oats and rice are refined? I don't think so.
&gt; Brexit has caused that much uncertainty and instability they should I think you are missing the fact that the UK is a massive net contributor to the EUs funding. &gt; For many years, Britain and Germany were the only significant net contributors to the EU budget. Now, however, there are ten countries who pay more in than they get back. In terms of total contribution, Britain remains the second biggest payer behind Germany. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/0/how-much-do-we-spend-on-the-eu-and-what-else-could-it-pay-for/ We also make up 15% of the EUs GDP https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(nominal) I totally agree, if we were to stay now we wouldn't be viewed favourably and I wouldn't expect any favours -- however I still think they'd rather we stayed. &gt; Regarding the domino effect a hard brexit would have the opposite effect I don't know what you class as 'hard brexit', but Brexit + FTA with the EU would be an extremely attractive offer to the other more developed EU nations and the nations that'd benefit by having their own currency. &gt; Further, there is so much scope and variation on what is regarded as a good deal. CETA or better would be considered a good deal. A bespoke FTA with safeguards for services would be the optimum -- although it's questionable whether we even need that given that Wallstreet is able perform Euro clearing without being in the EU. &gt; What if TM did another U-turn and decided a good deal is EEA or EFTA She couldn't unless the EU was to give us control of FoM, in which case I think most leavers would be fine with EEA or EFTA. But that seems extremely unlikely. &gt; want the opportunity vote it down and go hard brexit. Again, what is HB? Is leaving with an FTA HB or not?
&gt; He remains adamant that there are no lasting consequences to this fast food binge, I couldn't say there are no lasting consequences but if this is a time limited to a couple of weeks after which he will return to eating a good high quality diet to be honest I think the damage is going to be very limited. Especially if this is an infrequent occurrence (less than once a year). But I would stress, this is not the sort of diet I'd want to eat if I actually want to 'feel good' or do any sort of hard physical or cognitive work (is this business trip?) &gt; although he also drinks 4-6 beers each day, so I'm not sure replacing soda with beer is a nutritionally advantageous choice. This is going to be doing far more damage that the shitty food. Does he drink like this outside of this trip? Additionally you said that he has maintained is calorific balance? Well 6 pints is 1000 - 1200kcal + 2xMcDonalds a day -- are you sure this is true? &gt; and that we were retarded for suggesting there's a problem with The problem is less physiological other such a short time period, but as I said before this is not a diet for your body and mind to operate at anything like peak performance - and god only knows what his digestive system is like. So to clarify. 1. The food he is eating is nutritionally very poor, and he'll probably feel the consequences of this whilst he is on this 'diet'. 2. The beer is in my opinion a bigger issue than the food and I find it hard to believe with that intake he is calorifically balanced. 3. That said it is a limited period of time, whilst he'll probably feel shoddy now or soon after the trip, it's nothing that returning to a good quality diet after wouldn't remedy. Finally, WHAT THE FUCK, he's in London - surrounded by great culinary experiences to be had - perhaps the greatest range and quality in the world. Literally any type of food you can imagine, both good and bad for you! Hell even if he is craving burger &amp; chips there are so much better options (Honest Burgers in Soho is so fucking good) and yet he is eating the worst America has to offer - twice a day? To be honest it's worth putting on a couple of lbs if he is taking advantage of some of the amazing food on offer.
Yes, my facebook feed (and thus my peer group and demographic) is littered with some seriously anti-tory propogranda. There is no way I'd publicly announce that I'd far rather see May in power than JC. Admittedly, I don't know why that'd stop somebody from giving an honest answer to a polling agency - but it has in the past.
Are you delusional? The reason LDs are unpopular right now is because of their utterly ridiculous stance on Brexit.
Yeah that's totally the reason.
Yep muselli is great, I just don't find it as filling as porridge either per gram or per calorie (presumable because the oats soak up much more water/milk and are bulkier). I also find I end up adding way more high calorie dried fruit - I love raisins. But I am fan.
\ref{Diane abbot's arsehole}
There is a documentry called Gold Finger which followed a secret service agent scupper a notorious villain who was attempting to raid fort Knox.
Do you realise the Independent is a terrible news source.
David Davis is supposed to a supremely good MP, you might not agree with his stance on Brexit - but look at the previous issues he's championed. He is very much into preserving civil liberties and has clashed with his own party on these matters. A labour through-and-through friend of mine lives in his constituency and has written to him a number of times and each time he has received well thought out responses. More than can be said for many other MPs. Boris John might play the clown but to be honest I don't think he's done a bad job a FS so far. And I have a lot of respect for the work he did as London Mayor - especially for the cycling infrastructure. I profoundly disagree with TMs stance on civil liberties, but there is no doubt that she is ruthlessly effective. For this parliamentary term, and this term alone, I will put having someone like her above having somebody who promises me everything I want but who's character is ropey.
&gt; Isn't that lower than the 28% back in 2010? Yes and the world has moved on no end since 2010. All other OECD nations have reduced their Corporation tax, and yes 26% might be lower than the G7 average but if our game plan is to attract foreign investment we need to be better than average. And don't forget Brexit, which will happen, is already making the UK look like a ropey place to invest, no need to twist the knife too. http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/oecd_cit_rates_panel_2013-1024x471.png
I don't know who the 'their' is in your statement. But I think Labour's economic stance is nothing short of fantasy.
Their Brexit stance is untenable. The idea that we'll have a second ref is basically license for the EU negotiators to give us a really shit deal because they'd have nothing to loose in doing so 'worst case' is we reject it and stay in the EU and 'best case' is we accept a deal which greatly strengthens the EUs hand. Only by having 'no deal' on the table and no second referendum do I see the UK achieve the best possible outcome.
2nd referendum will probably end up going the same way (and to be honest - so it should!), but by stating that we'll have one we are just giving the EU license to give us a really shit deal in the hope that their 3rd biggest net contributor (2nd per capita) won't leave. It's asinine.
* Ireland 12.5% * Netherlands: Dutch Sandwich https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_Sandwich And &gt; France 34%, Italy 31%, Japan 30% Germany 30% France is the only place in that list like us and are generally seen as 'business-unfriendly'. Germany has a much stronger manufacturing basing. Italy and Japan both have stagnant economies and should used as an example of what not to do.
Uber only really operates in dense cities where there is a strong business case. In such places your polling station is probably only a stones through away. Usually less than a 10min walk. I bet you can uber to station, have the car keep it's engine running if there is no queue (which probably correlates with non-surge charge times) get-in-vote-and-leave and get home for less than a tenner.
&gt; Johnson's constant foreign gaffes that the EU will take great delight in. You say that, but to be quite frank, in the short time he's been in office as Foreign Sec' I think he's done a decent job. Anything you think he's done wrong whilst being in office?
Playing politics with police numbers seems like a really good way of wasting a ton money in the coming electoral term whilst not actually solving any problems. Police numbers were cut because crime levels have dropped. What we need is better use of Intelligence and continuing to train our existing forces for 'exceptional circumstances'. We're just going to wind up with a load of low paid bobbies and PSCOs.
Did the typo in anyway negate what I said?
&gt; Vs the conservative brexit fountain of prosperity? That ones real, the Labour magic money tree is fake, right? Out of: 1. 2nd referendum 2. 'no deal is not an option' 3. 'no deal is better than a bad deal'. Of those 3, yes the third is by far my preference and the only one which actually makes sense. &gt; Torys will prioritize the wealthy and labour will prioritize the poor, The Tories will prioritise business and investment, that's secures jobs in the long run. &gt; How anyone who isn't wealthy can vote tory is beyond me. Although you see people being interviewed on the street, across the spectrum, and they haven't a clue. It's embarrassing. I watched Iranians queuing to vote being interviewed on C4 and their grasp of issues both internal and international was incredible. Compare that to the retards packing the UK high street. "Theresa May is the only choice because... Terrorism". How the fuck has terrorism affected you in the slightest??? Jesus. I weep for the country that the UK could be, if only you weren't on such a direct path to becoming a complete oligarchy. What anecdote and diatribe. Perhaps C4 have an agenda to push 'Tory votes are like you an me, Labour votes are Iranian'. Why are you watching such gutter press to form your opinion about the UK? It's that sort of press along with the Independent and Social media that re-enforces the 'in out group' phenomenon.
&gt; . Good luck with that "no deal", literally the worst deal Not at all. I can imagine allsort of 'deals' which are worse than 'no deal'. But that's to miss the point, by having 'no deal' on the table we ensure that the likihood of having both no-deal and a bad-deal is greatly diminished. &gt; Forget about how completely awful that will be for the economy for a second, you won't even be able to send planes into the EU! Hahaha, what are you talking about. Are you honestly telling me there are no international flights between non-EU countries and the EU? I am pretty sure I've take a flight to the USA before. Additionally, the USA is on of the members of the Open Skies arrangement and the arrangement includes non-EU nations like Switzerland. &gt; Have you even spent as much as a nanosecond thinking about what "no deal" actually entails? Yes of course. But there is no political will for no-deal. Neither side wants it. It's lose-lose when we could have win-win. But by not having it on the table - we leave the door open for win-lose. &gt; You do know your best case scenario is to become a member in all but name a la Norway? Not at all. We want to end FoM with the EU and we want to stop funding the EU. &gt; Or is the tory fountain of prosperity going to save the day? Also not at all. The win-win case is a trade deal like CETA with reassurances about Euro-clearing &amp; passporting (which shouldn't be an issue because New York can also clear Euros). Thank you for completely dodging my rebuttal about C4, I'll take that as acceptance of the argument.
I accept that after Brexit, that productive &amp; wage growth is the big issue of the day. I do not believe that anything JC is proposing will actually solve that in the long run. And to be honest, I suspect the long term economic damage that increasing CT to 26% would have would potentially put people out of work - and possibly also drive down wages (more people to do fewer jobs).
Statistically, going off polling data, there'll be far more people voting Tory for the firs time too.
No, the reasons we have the things you've mentioned is because we have a colossal deficit. &gt; tl;dr If things are so great I never said they were, I just think they'll be worse under Corbyn. &gt; why are they so shit? Try living in an actually shit country, give greece a go.
&gt; And if they actually cared about reducing it, why not go after tax avoidance? Ermm, well they are. And additionally how much money do you actually think can be saved by doing so? &gt; Bloody hell, most of them have multiple accounts in Panama That's evasion not avoidance, you can't clamp down on that which is not illegal. &gt; But our local post offices Are private enterprises. &gt; libraries are the things that have to go for the good of the nation? That's the local council. The issue there is that your local council has to pay for social care (as is) for an ageing society. With a bit of luck the elderly will pay a greater percentage of this cost going forward.
Forgetting something called PFI? Additionally the real issue is that we have an ageing population in a time when health care has never been so expensive.
Really? I am pretty sure it's still made up of the new-labour PLP who have spent the last year repeatedly trying to oust Corbyn. The Manifesto has changed, the front bench has taken a *serious* dive, but the party is very much the same.
&gt; It'd be nice to stop this echo chamber and return to business as usual. Going to need to roll back to at least 2015 to do that.
d). mental illness/dellusion
Says who? Crime is falling all across the west regardless of police levels.
There is really no need if it was an honest mistake and he obliged in putting it away. I agree it's not kosher and Op was right to correct them, but can we not act like we are living in 1984 just yet and grassing up our neighbours to the Thought Police.
&gt; Neither of those should be displayed at a polling station. This is beyond careless. I totally agree. Which is why I said: &gt; I agree it's not kosher and Op was right to correct them But it doesn't make somebody a Cunt or Prick. Like Wayne's World said, 'Be excellent to each other'.
Q1 is always slow.
Disagrees with you -&gt; cunts. Yep, this is the productive attitude.
Well as a self professed Blairite that's hardly surprising, is it.
&gt; average so they weren't exactly breaking the bank. That's tangental. It's the way in which they paid for it, not the extent.
Wishful thinking. I mean don't get me wrong, I am not saying we won't end up with a 'bodged brexit', but we will end up with a brexit.
Sure. Plenty of people have an alcoholic beverage once or twice a week. Smoke a joint once or twice a month. But it's undeniable that a negative addictive drugs have the obvious side effect of being addictive and some people end up over consuming and/or becoming reliant on it.
&gt; Then don't drink more than 1-2 cups. Sure, and only have one beer. Totally doable, very easy for many, very easy to overdo it for some. &gt; I've been a coffee drinker for 10 years. I never increase the amount I drink. Wow! Great anecdote you should publish that in the BMJ.
Please can you define 'negative heralth effects'? Have you drank six cups of coffee a day for an extended period of time? Not being able to get work done until you've had a couple of cups, and crashing between them. Not being able to sleep because you are still wired. &gt; This is not my experience with daily caffeine consumption Good anecdote. I am not saying that coffee is crack cocaine. But some people (myself included without a bit of forethought) easily get up to drinking it throughout the day.
And just like Pinerello, the frameset alone costs nearly double what my entire bike cost.
I don't have any frames to add to the list, but I'd like to add my name to the list of voices who would much rather seem the bike industry return the the tried and true thread BSA BB.
The Bowman looks like a bargain, but I can't help thinking you get what you pay for, it's suspiciously heavy (frameset is over a kilo) which suggests that it might have quite a generic/clunky layup and have a rather harsh ride.
a 400g tin contains 240g of drained &amp; rinsed kidney beans. 100g of drained &amp; rinsed kidney beans have 6.9g of protein. So that's 16.5g of protein per tin.
&gt; and giving the money to the working class with the new £10/hr wage You what? It's a 'wage' not a government handout. Taxing corps doesn't help create any more of these higher wage jobs. In fact you are just squeezing the corps from both sides.
And oats &amp; Lentils.
If you are eating whole foods (rather than processed shit) I would suspect most people could stand to eat quite a bit less protein.
&gt; but low fat milk has additives Maybe in your country. &gt; low fat milk vs full fat milk? Also I never really know what is meant by 'low fat milk'. In the UK there are 3 main teirs of milk Whole (4% fat), Semi-skimmed (2%) and Skimmed (0-1% fat). Semi is by far the most popular. It would seem odd to me to compare Whole to Skimmed missing out what the majority of people are actually consuming. All three are just milk that has been pasteurized and almost always Homogenised. Nothing else is added, just the amount of fat that 'reintroduced' in the P&amp;H process is varied. 'Whole milk' is nothing like raw milk - ie milk straight from a cow, all super market milk is processed product. &gt; suppose so it doesn't seem so watery Skimmed milk is watery. &gt; I'm one of the people that reacts poorly to those added ingredients. What are those ingredients?
boiled and bake potatoes. Although realistically probably boiled as you're less likely to add things like butter or cheese and additionally some of the starches might actually be removed in the cooking process.
Ok, but if that is the case, the solution is to start doing so not start supplementing around the problem.
Do you honestly think Angela Merkel would have acted any different to TM? Really - I can't imagine AM going for the bleeding hearts role that JC always seems to adopt. Yet nobody is questioning her ability as a leader.
Perceived coolness. Nobody looks cooler then when chowing down on a steak! Doctors recommend beef!
Can you cook? Are you overweight? If you are tranisitioning to living on your own the 100% best thing you can do right now is learn how to cook meals from scratch using fresh whole ingredients. Try a new dish every few days, make severals meals worth at a time.
&gt; Non-diet coke is gross and bad for you anyway Clearly subjective, and demonstrably incorrect. Normal coke is sold all around the world for a reason - because many people think it tastes great. &gt; not sure why anyone would drink it even without the tax I love a cold glass of full sugar coke after exercising on a hot day. One of the best feelings ever.
Sorry but some people are just hard wired this way, and hell why can't you enjoy food? (if you enjoy it, then it can be rewarding). If you can tell somebody they shouldn't but then it's just a ticking time bomb until they crack.
Good god, it's not 1992, you are not going to get BSE from any cut of beef. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bovine_spongiform_encephalopathy#/media/File:ESB_UK-1987-2008.svg
Moderation and context. Drinking normal coke like it's water, bad for you. Drinking normal coke in moderation as a part of balanced diet or after period of activity (like exercise). Not bad for you. Eating sugary/fatty/salty/alcoholic food &amp; drink is not a bad thing, it's a part of enjoying life stress free.
I have a eastern european partner and I don't worry about this in slightest. The UK government (and any other major party) wants to guarentee the rights of current EU citizens. And I can't see any situation where the government could attempt to prize apart relationships and get away with it.
Define a ridiculous amount? A can of brand cola soft drink is 139calories. That's fucking northing. I accept that polishing of a 6 pack or 2l bottle is going contribute significantly to your daily calories without providing much nutrition or satiation but in isolation a can is not a lot energy and in moderation is fine Is it because it's a mass market product by a conglomerate? How much sugar do you think is in say a slice of homemade apple pie (in a fuck ton) - do you hold home made deserts to the same distain, can you have those in moderation? You come across as somebody who has bought into the 'sugar is evil' kool-aid.
&gt; consumes 93.2 grams of sugar daily, which is 19 teaspoons, this is a big problem The problem is that people consume too much of everything. Sugar, fat, salt, red meat, processed food, alcohol. We've just decided to scapegoat sugar for the time being as a mechanism to not take responsibility for our own health.
&gt; after which the taste of sugar dominates Which is clearly subjective. Don't like it, don't buy it. It's not like there aren't less sugary alternatives. The market in Dark Chocolate and even sugar free chocolates has expanded rapidly in recent years.
I cook for 6 and refrigerate or freeze 5. I then don't have to cook for a couple of days and have healthy food to take into work. Definitely a lot cheaper than eating shite and a lot better for you too.
Which is exactly why I said: &gt; AND you are getting the nutrients you otherwise need They are empty, but you've got to afford yourself some pleasures in life. I personally couldn't get all the nutrients I require whilst giving up 500kcals - and to be honest I doubt OP can too. But realistically - you can definitely fact in say 1/3 of that, like a can of coke with your evening meal or lunch.
&gt; There are practically no health benefits to the average person to consuming additional non-fibrous sugar outside of what you can normally get in your diet No, but there is more to life, and dare I say nutrition, than pure health benefits and daily guidelines. &gt; at what you want but don't pretend it's healthy for you. I don't think anybody is saying it is an actively good thing to do - healthwise - but it's not catastrophic either if it fits inside of a generally balanced diet.
I'd argue you need to do a harder cardio session - 130 is fuck all. Your heart is your most important muscle.
Yeah and why's that? Because it'd step on their toes, they are big culprits of that in Europe. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_Sandwich * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Irish_arrangement So they can get fucked right off the bat if that's the argument.
That's a waste of a chicken IMO - it doesn't look to thin at all. Might not be great for a roast, but easily parted up and used other dishes leaving the bones to make stock. Also if you boil that whole thing, you're going to have a very high fat yield, which if you don't skim it will make a very greasy stock which will go racid much quicker.
My GF is romanian, I am not in the slightest bit worried she'll be deported, I mean why on earth would she be?
If it's small part it up and whack it in a curry :) ...and as you say use the carcass for stock.
Do it! My favourites at the moment would be a Red Thai Curry with veg, Chicken Madras or (current winner) Trinidad Chicken Curry (with Scotch bonnets!). Cheap &amp; healthy too.
&gt; Orwellian I didn't want to put that in my original comment, but it seems like the 'More-Equal' party than anything else.
Ignore Keto, it's a load of shite and no good for competitive sports.
&gt; It's bad to eat refined sugar period. Bullshit there are no 'bad' foods except perhaps transfats, context is key. I mean take advice from a guy who has to go without eating to 'calms their gut down'.
&gt; Corbyn still struggles to command a majority even with all other seats Which'd have to include the DUP making the argument flat. And lets not forget that SF don't actually take their seats in parliment - so those are as good as useless.
Plenty of Vegans and Vegetarians who *should* do not supplement b12. So presumably the trace amounts found in much less steralised food is enough to get by off - even if sub-optimally.
Chips != Fries though. Fries are the shit you are served in McDonalds. Chips are chunkier and should much more potatoy
I personally love eating my salads raw &amp; undressed - vegetables taste great! But a addressing that I do like is a low fat Yoghurt with mint. If you use a think (like a greek) yoghurt it makes a great dip too.
And in the context of Fish and Chips, Chips != Fries.
Not really sure what your point is? I think it's been discussed to death that sprinklers were not the issue with Grenfell and would have been unlikely to have helped. Introducing new Sprinkler regs *may* happen as a knee jerk reaction but ultimately would be a waste of money.
But they don't even really do that. The buildings are designed to encapsulate fire into a single flat. There are countless examples of the design principle working. The issue is that the external cladding installed by the councils where flammable and transfer the fire from one encapsulated unit to another circumventing the design principle.
ah ok, great.
No we don't.
Because 'game' type sports require burst of high effort energy output. That means glycogen. You can get a way with 'burning fat' for steady state sport like long distance running, but when you need to do intense amounts of effort nothing beats carbs. Additionally this is a 15 year old, they shouldn't be on any sort diet which restricts which food groups they can eat.
&gt; The strangest part is brexit vote by party - why did nearly 30% of UKIP voters vote remain? Only 8 people said they supported UKIP, and it's 25% not 30% percent. That's 2 people which is statistically meaningless.
