That is what I was thinking. That the White Walker would freeze the bay and send the howling undead hoards after the boats.
Most likely to be wheelchair accessible.
My 40 year old friend in Colorado posted this to his timeline. I will start with the obvious. Cutting off a person's welfare check would be a violation of the 1st amendment. Secondly the racist is angle is incredible. Not all black people in the US are receiving welfare benefits. Sigh...
But capitalism...
One of the most horrible nights of my life. I had to watch standard cable.
Yeah the best part. When I call him on being racist he says that he can't help it he is from the "South". I point out that Colorado wasn't a state until 1876. Well after the Civil War.
That is what I tell my friend when he starts in with that shit. He doesn't bring it up around me much anymore.
Yes. At least I would think that would be a first amendment violation.
I had some Simpson's game for a short time. It was when my phone started yelling at me to come play in Homer Simpson's voice that I uninstalled and deleted the app.
You should tell her that you want to prevent future cheating by having an open relationship. Than bring home a second girlfriend. I wonder how quick the shit would hit that fan in that case.
Reading the reviews for this movie. It sounds like Cameron Crowe has a lot more to apologize for than the casting of Emma Stone.
I would leave him alone. He might freeze your head.
The Lufftwaffe was largely destroyed by D-Day. The Pointblank plan had been conceived and instituted in early 1943. This was a joint Anglo-American campaign to the destroy the Lufftwaffe and German industrial targets. Pointblank was very successful in depleting the Luftwaffe. Eisenhower promised his troops that any aircraft they would see would be allied aircraft. A promise that for the most part was true. Essentially allied forces had depleted the Luftwaffe to near inoperable levels and rule the skies of Fortress Europe. Source: D-Day the invasion of Normandy June 6, 1944, Randy Holderfield &amp; Michael J. Varhola.
I think she meant to say most Fox News polls show the world has a "lower regard".
I am on the US west coast. I have not seen a digital price tag anywhere. Would make sense.
I was pretty disappointed that the wrote Stannis sacrificing his daughter into the script. I think that Stannis would never have done that and that it was out of character for him.
Stannis typically killed those who had broken a law or otherwise were wrong. Renley was not next in line for succession to the Iron Throne. Yet he was trying to claim the kingship for himself. Yes He killed countless others. He typically is a harsh man who will force those guilty of crimes to face punishment. Consider good Sir Davos. Sacrificing his daughter to the Red God is out of character IMO.
Wow and they did it poorly as well. It is possible to change just the hair color without changing the rest of the image. In this case the designer just altered the whole image and not just the hair color. I have worked in commercial printing. We often would change a small portion of an image to show the different colors that the product came in instead of taking multiple pictures.
Don't disillusion the racists.
Can't say I blame him for making this choice. A bullet to the head beats weeks of torture and a slow beheading or being burned alive in my book.
Come for the donuts. Stay for the revolution.
I gave you an upvote for being honest about liking "The Village". No go be ashamed of yourself in the corner.
I remember all the little signs that pointed to Bruce Willis being dead. My main problem with signs was that water was acid to the aliens. The ending just went off the rails in my opinion.
I think there is also a natural desire to explain the world around us. Religion would provide clues to our origin and why the world works the way it does.
I agree with you. I do think that we naturally need to believe in something. Religion or otherwise. I would suspect it is part of trying to understand our place in the universe.
If you look at the world wide population as a whole. Caucasians are a minority. So I would imagine that they will be a minority in heaven. Thus the answer is yes there will be minorities in heaven.
The problem is you think that rich people are affected by the same laws as the rest of us.
The next post from these people should be about all the loafers on welfare. Never mind that so many minimum wage people use SNAP and other programs to make ends meet.
I am not sure why a study needed to be done on this topic. Seems like it is an obvious conclusion.
When your history lessons come from Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck. You have to expect a few things will get skipped.
Cthulu for President. Why vote for the lesser evil?
I had to use crutches for a short time after knee surgery. I completely understand the urge to chuck them in the trash.
This guy is turning into an angry old man way too soon.
Chainsaw would fix that.
The term your looking for is Oligarchy. Welcome to the new political shift in America.
I gave you an upvote. Maybe people didn't recognize the song title. Besides. We've got bigger problems now.
For a god of light who is supposed to chase away the terrors of the dark. The Red God sure requires some pretty terrible sacrifices.
Upvote for the picture of Al Bundy.
Aluminum or any other non-ferrous metal.
Hell I am white and got hassled by a woman in an expensive area in the middle of the day because I was parked on the street in my car. My job has me driving around to visit people in their homes. Sometimes if I am early or need a break. I will take a few minutes and play a game on my phone or read a book. One day as I was doing this. A woman pulls out of her driveway. I was parked in front of her house and asks me if I need help. I told her I was fine. After a couple more questions. She then told me they had a neighbor watch in effect. I responded that I would keep an eye out for suspicious behavior. She drove off at that point.
Does the rate include your own pit or would I have to share?
I think you better touch it to make sure it is transmitting a charge.
It might be an all inclusive package.
Because we wouldn't be a representative democracy at that point. The system of government you are outlining is referred to as an Oligarchy. The de facto system we have in place now. If you really want to understand why it would be bad. Read up on the history post civil war up until the end of the great depression. Pay particular attention to the rise of the union movement and the "robber barons".
It would basically end up and Oligarchy. Voting and power would be consolidated into a handful of wealthy families. Politicians would be elected to serve who serve the interests of a small portion of the population. Laws would be passed that only serve a very narrow interest of wealth and money. Much like the system we have in place now.
Last year when it was looking like the hawks were going to lose the NFC championship to Green Bay. I told by my father in law that being a Mariners fan has prepared me for disappointment.
Hey Dan Savage himself said that with pot and gay marriage legalized in Washington State. He wasn't really sure what to with the Stranger.
I knew a guy who was on LSTs. He said it stood for launch slow target.
Not the same thing. Also being on LSD while storming the beaches of Normandy or Guam would have been a bad idea. It would have been historically impossible as well.
My Father in law who lives near Detroit says that he won't go through the Detroit city limits without a gun. Too Dangerous. I am guessing he meant some of the area around the city as well.
Hopefully they will get things turned around. I know the new Mayor is working on getting investment set up in the city of Detroit and it seems like a lot of the citizens would like to have a better city.
Don't look at me. I have been trying to figure out for years where to turn in my application for millionaire playboy.
I don't know man. The little one looks shifty as hell.
As far as I can tell most of the white ones. A little less incest might help your family trees.
Developers have been doing this all over Seattle as well. You will have a street full of older craftsman style houses. Then bam on ultra-modern zero lot line house.
Let's see firing upon a US military installation. I wonder what is going to happen after that. Please don't breed. You are not needed in the gene pool.
Damn you fucktards are stupid. Fort Sumter wasn't in a "foreign country". It was in the US. Perhaps a geography course would be in order for you.
I am surprised they didn't use the photo of W holding hands with the king of Saudi Arabia. That wasn't very presidential.
Get over yourself and get your teeth fixed. The South is a bunch of whinny bitches that lost and now we have deal with you stupid shits. You lost the fucking war that you tried to start with the US. There is no grand heritage. The Stars and Bars is a symbol of a slavery and treason. No amount of historical revision will ever fix that.
And conspiracy theories start on 3...2...1. On a serious note my condolences to his family. May they find peace.
Perhaps he personally wants to check for the terrible crime. I know it is a lot to take on, but for the sake of humanity someone has too.
What if the values you are raised with say that one person is better or more valuable than another person based on the color of their skin?
That and South Carolina flies the confederate flag on the state grounds. While all of the other flags were lowered to half-mast after the shooting. The Confederate flag was not lowered. In their defense it takes a special legal vote of the state legislature to lower that flag. Still it appears to be a real dick move after the racially motivated killings of nine blacks.
That was my first thought as well. Seems like Breitbart panders to the absolute worst side of the conservative mindset.
Well found my spot to survive the zombie apocalypse.
I think that is a somewhat apt comparison. However at the time of Lincoln's election. I don't think any new laws concerning slavery had been passed. Much of the reason for secession was based on a worry that laws outlawing slavery would be passed by a northern government unfamiliar with the "peculiar institution" of slavery. I think they had a right to be worried as well. The abolitionist movement had been gaining steam and the underground railroad that moved slaves from the southern part of the country to Canada was in full effect. This might be a good question to bounce over to /r/askhistorians. If we can keep the conversation to historical fact it might prove illuminating.
Oh it will come. Don't think for a moment that Bethesda will give up that revenue stream.
I am just waiting for the zombies to wade out of the water.
If they were alive today they would be some sort of immortal being and very suspect in my opinion.
Nice. I saw them at Memorial Stadium in '95. Freaking awesome show.
I just read that Sarah Palin got dumped by Fox News. I am thinking the Palin star is fading fast at this point.
But the debate over immigration is primarily of Hispanics coming to the US. When someone says illegal immigrant what is the first image that pops into your mind? Regardless of whether this was meant in a racial way or not. The issue is deeply tied in with race at this point.
They could save money by not eating out twice a week that is for sure. As for the phone and some of the other stuff. Sometimes people save up to buy something special or get a gift. Thus they may not be part of the problem.
I don't recall life being fair.
He wasn't and it is a stupid question. Now go sit in the corner and be ashamed.
I have about 2 minutes max in that sub before I want to go and stab my eyes out with a pen.
Don't forget that Canada has that scary socialized medicine complete with death panels. Source my ass.
I like the other part of the logic that getting into the undisturbed tomb is really hard. Yet a convenient exit straight to the street exists. Looking at you Assassin's Creed.
That was my first thought. Pow right in boys.
Please don't cloud the issue with facts.
Well that has got to be a niche market.
But blacks need to get over the whole slavery thing.
Given the mess in Europe at the end of WWII. I can't blame the POWs for wanting to stay. Canada didn't get bombed back to the stone age during the war.
Bookmarking this page. I have read some of these books but not all of them. Loved Snow Crash, though I think Diamond Age is in many ways a better story. Neuromancer obviously, but they should have included Burning Chrome. Looking forward to checking out some of the other books on this list.
I especially like the line about stop living in the past were weren't born in. Umm a little projection their guys?
I was wondering that myself. They use the term homofacism while having the communist hammer and sickle included on image. I guess just throwing as much stuff against the wall to see what sticks.
There is also no actual citation that the photos shown actually correspond with where they were supposedly taken. Additionally if you area running an elaborate psyop. It seems like you would not use the same actors.
I thought it was the Rothschilds in league with the lizard people?
I don't know a lot about your LePage, but he sounds like a real piece of work. I read this article about him a few days ago. I don't think he is just kidding that much. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/06/25/paul-lepage-really-doesnt-like-journalists/
I suspect with Melisandre recently returned to the Wall the John will be resurrected by her.
How do I get that job?
Plenty of places to make poor choices on Aurora Ave North.
The movie largely got panned by the critics and ignored by audiences. Personally I always liked this move for making fun of Hollywood action flicks. I think most people didn't get the joke that Arnie was trying to make.
Had a mom bring in her teenage daughter to get passport photos. The girl was on the phone. The mom asked me to take the photos. I responded sure as soon as she is ready and went to help the next customer. When I took the photo. The girl immediately pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and resumed the conversation.
The French also hesitated to attack when the pikes set up. This gave time for the pikemen to get into place.
The Nazis also staged a few false flag attacks to make it appear that the Polish were attacking German interests. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gleiwitz_incident
Best bet by law enforcement is to turn of the water and power and wait until the food runs out. See how long they will stand on principle with empty bellies.
I can hear the conversation now. Dang it Cletus you were supposed to pack the food. Better get on the facebook and ask for help.
That is a u-boat captains worst nightmare.
Morocco Mexico. Close enough. They both start with an M.
Nope that proves the lizard people are involved.
Pretty sure the occupy wall street movement wasn't made up of gun toting idiots stating they were willing to kill and die for the public land they occupied.
I think it was him saying all Mexicans are rapists and all Muslims are violent terrorists that caused people to call him a racist. Plus the enthusiastic support of the [white nationalists](http://www.npr.org/2015/09/03/437195328/how-white-nationalist-groups-found-their-candidate-in-donald-trump) may have confused the issues.
They don't even want the land. They want to be able to use the land free of charge, and not have to worry about any damage to the land.
My favorite on a long drive when I get drowsy is to pull over and stretch my legs. It can be so easy to start feeling like our nodding off and so dangerous.
Whatever makes you happy.
I am disappointed that the Westboro Baptist Church hasn't announced plans to picket Lemmy's funeral.
Let's hope you brush your face. I think shaving your teeth could lead to and urgent care visit.
Nixon was implicated in a break in of the Democratic National committee at the Watergate Hotel. Nixon and his administration later tried to deflect and end the investigation into the break in. After a lengthy investigation and some bitter court battles Nixon was forced to release taped conversations that indicated he was aware of and had authorized the break in. Facing near certain impeachment Nixon chose to resign and was pardoned for any crimes he may have committed by Gerald Ford who took over the office of the President after Nixon's resignation. [Summary of the Watergate Scandal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watergate_scandal)
The Benghazi investigation has been going on for what 3 years now. If they haven't uncovered anything at this point. I doubt anything new will suddenly appear. Talk about beating a dead horse.
it means we need Maxwell Smart with his shoe phone on the case.
There are a lot of people who agree with him.
The only debate over Obama's place of birth is from the far right crowd who hate him. The majority of the people believe Obama was born in Hawaii just as his birth certificate states.
Hawaii became a US territory in 1898. Unless Obama is Nosferatu, He was born long after 1898.
Knowing Obama he would deny that he is Nosferatu. Since you can't trust the guy he must be since he would be lying.
Sounds like they life vests were designed by Trump.
The problem is most people end up voting for the person the dislike the least.
How are they defending the constitution by demanding free use of public lands to make money?
No the writer is stating we should stop arresting refugees for terrorism. I am not sure why they would prefer those attacks to happen but whatever.
But it seems like such a good idea when you are staggering around drunk.
You will be banned and your post deleted faster than a tea bagger eating a dozen Krispy Kremes.
Where I live you can't fry things in lard and sell them anymore. They put a ban on using those types of fats an oils to cook. You can use them at home but a business cannot.
The sad part, any person with halfway decent Photoshop knowledge can make a mask and change just the dress color. But no the company had to choose the cheap option.
Isn't Trump consistently trailing in polls that discuss the general election?
[This](http://dilbert.com/strip/2008-11-02) was one of my favorite Dilbert strips.
This is the cheap option. They color corrected the entire image instead of creating a mask. A mask in Photoshop allows for color correction of one segment of the image. The person responsible for changing the dress color clearly doesn't know how to make a mask. This is why paying a little extra for to a graphic designer can be a good idea. Then you don't have the She-Hulk wearing a purple dress.
That is terrible.
I don't think Scott Adams did that one.
Shhhhh don't disillusion the conservatives.
I remember being so happy when I got a 10GB hard drive in the late 90's. God how things have changed. Edit:10GB not MB
Meant 10 GB hard drive.
That has to be a stolen ID. There is no way that woman is 36. She looks closer to 50.
This from the people who want to change the 14th amendment to prevent "anchor babies".
That is pretty close to spot on. Made me laugh at least.
The comic is most likely from the UK. Tories and Labour are two of the major political parties.
I think the shoes really complete the outfit.
Not as odd as you might think. [Odin](http://thevikingworld.pbworks.com/w/page/3917372/The%20Role%20of%20Odinism%20in%20Contemporary%20White%20Supremacist%20Movements) worship has become part of some white nationalist movements.
I use improved feint with my unchained rogue. It works well as far as eliminating your opponents dex bonus so you get sneak attack damage. What I didn't do was TWF. I didn't like the minuses I received on the second attack. I am working on [Dodge](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/dodge-combat---final) and [mobility](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/mobility-combat---final) feat. I want to get [spring attack](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/spring-attack-combat---final). This will allow me to flank, attack and move back. Since I tend to be squishy when hit.
I think this has to do with money. Candidates like Cruz and Clinton have a great deal of support from the moneyed elite. They both will help shape US policy for to benefit Wall Street and the 1%. Those same people have a lot of media control as well. It can be easy to push the narrative you want when you control the information.
I am a little surprised that Cruz didn't go into televangelism. He seems like the perfect sort for it.
There is a also a lot of talking heads who push the whole watch out for the poor and thugs. They are coming to take your guns and money.
I think the best part was that the police spent a month or more on "undercover" operations to catch them. Really a month to tell they were doing something wrong?
We typically read in English from left to right. This has been the established reading method for some time. Leaving words out of order changes how we read. It isn't impossible to understand but it can seem disjointed and odd sometime.
I don't much about his family history. Aside from his dad was from Cuba, and ended up in Canada married to his mom who is American.
Maybe he and Rush can head to Costa Rica together. I can see it now. Bill and Rush's excellent adventure.
Cause the police will totally know you are a good guy with a gun. So you won't get shot by them.
You should look into getting a French Press. One of my favorite ways of making coffee.
Marxism and Islam don't have anything to do with each other. In fact they would be incompatible.
I had a guy do this one time. He was paying for like $10.00 worth of stuff with a hundred dollar bill. He was the first customer of the day, and we started with $75.00 in the till. The assistant manager on duty broke the bill so he could pay.
I want to see both of them crying.
So far I have done little of the main quest. I suppose I ought to get around too it sooner or later.
I am unfamiliar with the term wazzock. Can someone explain?
Thank you. It was a term I haven't heard before.
Knowing four Bowie songs is still better than the 20 somethings when Jerry Garcia died. Most of them knew Trucking and sometimes Touch of Gray.
Video would have been better with the original black powder they used. Great big clouds of black smoke obscuring the view was all part of the fun.
This is also way oversimplified. Raising some people's wages to a living wage, doesn't mean they earn the same as a CEO. It means they won't have to use food stamps to make ends meet.
The problem is the analogy is bad and whoever made this should feel bad.
Even a single shot produces a fair bit of smoke. Granted with the wind blowing it away is goes quickly. Even with the guy shooting a semi-auto with black powder loaded rounds. I would suspect if you had hundreds of rifles firing all at once and cannons added into the mix. You probably didn't want the wind blowing your way on the battlefield.
I work with older people. I have seen them get worse bruising than this when they hit a door frame.
That would be bruising. She probably fell and hit her elbow on the floor. I am sorry to hear about your dad. That must have been difficult. I hope you have found peace.
Were you inspired by the Psychos in Borderlands for your character?
The dog looks like he is getting ready to fuck someone up.
This song gives me chills when I listen to it. I think Lane knew he was going to die young.
That is what I was curious about. How much of a hit will it be to be pro refugee. It seems like Europe is stuck between a rock and a hard place right now. You have upward of a million people trying to flee a war zone. Which is a true humanitarian problem. At the same time some of those same refugees. Don't understand or accept western cultural values. Honestly I don't think there are any good answers.
An interesting map. I especially like how it talks about each of the ships and describes how they were sunk.
Nope a friend of my had to drive through Oregon a couple of months ago. Was really surprised when he stopped to fill up his gas tank.
Is it possible to use the strange orbits of the objects in the Kuiper belt to narrow down where to look? If I remember correctly Jupiter has an effect on objects in the asteroid belt.
Essentially not enough data to go on at this point. Must be both magical and frustrating to be an astronomer.
My current group has a gunslinger in it. I decided my halfling rogue views firearms as magical? possibly demonic. When we have some interpersonal interactions I make sure to ask him about the clearly evil and unsettling magic involved with weapons. He has assured me they are not evil or magical in any way.
That is exactly what is being taken away from them. Some southerners have a funny ideal of liberty.
Here I was thinking the answer was Jeb Bush.
Thank you. I was unaware of this incident. On a side note I am betting those monuments are probably not federal. More likely state or city.
A little Radaway should take care of that no problem.
Not satire. During the Vietnam War there were stories of returning troops being spit on by anti-war protesters. I don't think it actually happened though.
It seems to me that the people you hear the most are on the fringes. I don't know if it is because they yell the most or what. I can understand your concern. When you feel like everyone has gone insane instead of being rational. To be fair, I also think that the moderate conservative and ultra right wing needs to part ways. It often from my perspective appears that any candidate who doesn't stick to an almost fundamentalist orthodoxy is ejected from the modern republican party. Anyway good luck and I hope some sanity will return soon.
Kilpatrick should keep his fool mouth shut. He cannot in anyway help.
Not a bad theory to be honest. Your are right about the if it bleeds it leads mentality on the news.
Didn't know Jeb was still in the race. As far as I can tell, the only two republicans left are Trump and Cruz.
We usually fight over access to resources. We are not that far removed from the animal kingdom.
I would suggest the beginners box and then move to RotRL. Better to get a feel for the game in my opinion.
It is difficult to have a serious discussion when one or both sides simply engage in name calling or appeals to emotion.
When you consider that Donald Trump is getting support from the white nationalist crowd. This meme looks even dumber than usual.
Thanks, not surprised by this reaction. Having so many people move in so suddenly who have completely different religion, custom and culture is going to cause a backlash. Especially when those same people are bringing so much crime with them.
A friend of mine had a bumper sticker that read "Nuke a gay whale for Jesus".
Well that's a few million down the drain. Was this bad navigation?
Ted Cruz fits most of these talking points as well.
My Grandfather was stationed in China during WWII. He was part of the Army Air Corp. He told me one time that they were told not to help people if they saw them in distress because they would then have to care for the person.
There is a lot about punishment in the ideology as well. If you have sex that they don't like then you should get get diseases, get pregnant and be punished or you sinful ways.
I have always thought it was weird that FDR has been given a pass on agreeing to hand half of Europe over to Stalin. I guess in some ways he was caught between the Devil and the deep blue sea. It is too bad that he was not more cognizant of Stalin's goals.
Interesting. I would have thought with FDR's declining health that they would have tried to keep Truman in the loop even more. Sad that they didn't. Do you have any good suggestions for reading on the transition of power after FDR's death?
Well all three of the black people in Maine should be careful from now on.
I didn't realize we where dragging the Hillary is a lesbian attack out of the closet. Did you finally drop the Benghazi attack?
I am not sure why they would complain about someone getting Pell Grants. That usually means they are going to school to gain skills for a job that won't require public assistance.
Hitler was a national socialist, not a democratic socialist. In fact if you look at the types of programs they established they weren't very good socialists either.
We have tried with our son. He is six. Still leaves a turd in the toilet unless we tell him to flush. No idea why.
That is probably the problem. Most of my perks are in things like gun nut, science, local leader etc. I need to look at the damage added perks. thanks.
Looking through the perks I think I need to put points into the gunslinger, rifleman, commando perks. That would help substantially.
I think they are making the assumption that most graphic designers are hipsters types with beards and flannel.
I had a friend like that in High School. He listened to obscure bands that made Metallica look like a bunch of pussies. Turned out his parents were hard core born again Christians. I think he mostly did it to piss them off.
What gets me right in the feels is that all the music that was the soundtrack for High School is now classic rock. Man I remember when it was just released new and singular.
With the democratic party going full retard and running Hillary Clinton, I can only hope that Trump will be one term President.
Some claim Obama was a gay prostitute, thus Michelle must be a transgender woman. They also claim their daughters were either kidnapped as children or loaned by another couple. No I am not joking.
Two of my all time I hate these songs Ebn Ozn [AEIOU Sometimes Y](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAAldg3I3uQ) and Darkness [I believe in a thing called love](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKjZuykKY1I)
[Stupid Girl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1N29vkIT3eo) by Garbage seems appropriate.
Bush was the one who established Homeland Security and the No Child Left Behind Program.
Next up, Watership Down.
It clearly wasn't written by the one Scottish guy. He would have used the word cunt at some point.
Used to be the area just north Denny Park was good for catching unknown rashes. You will probably have to head up Aurora these days.
I really wonder how this would hold up in court. They have evidence of him destroying something, however they can't prove what he destroyed. At least I don't think they can. It is clear from the video the cop didn't look at it for very long.
If your source is anything from worldnetdaily I am going to discount it immediately.
The Mistborn Trilogy by Sanders is very good too. Can fill in the void while waiting for the next book in the Stormlight Archives.
I think I just threw up a little bit in my mouth.
I rarely use power armor when I play. I wore power armor when exploring the glowing sea. Mostly for protection from radiation damage. If you put points into things like Ninja, Sandman, Rifleman and gunslinger, you can do lots of damage and sneak around.
You should talk to the stepmother. One of the best things you can do is set boundaries. Explain to her that you will work with her to drive your sister back and forth, but beyond that you won't answer any questions that she may have.
Looks like they ran out of magenta ink. Also the registration is off. You can see where the collar and bow ties in the hair don't line up.
Ali's refusal to be drafted led to some serious consequences to his boxing career. Ali knew that it would happen that way and still chose to take the unpopular stance. That isn't cowardice.
I don't know what your set up for gaming is, but our group banned laptop computers at the table. I have had groups were we tracked the player sheets and some other stuff with each of us having a laptop. This also caused a lot of distraction at times. Current group has banned laptops, we do have one the GM uses to look up stuff or we can use phones to check rules. Otherwise it is largely pencil and paper.
This may not be well know, but placing your hands around your throat with your thumbs together is supposed to be the universal sign that a person is chocking.
Just wait unit all the music you listened to as a teen starts being described as classic rock or whatever you listened too.
For the most part anything you do on company computers with company software can be tracked. It is really best to assume when using company stuff that you are being monitored. This would include email usage, internet usage, chat programs etc.
I am skipping /all until after the election. I can only take so many posts about Trump.
A zoologist on NPR stated that a 10 foot alligator can hide in 12 inches of water. That would be hard to avoid in the dark.
I have always loved the [P-38 Lightning](http://www.lockheedmartin.com/content/lockheed/us/100years/stories/p-38/_jcr_content/center_content/image.img.jpg/1418140188897.jpg). This was the aircraft that shot down Admiral Yamamoto in 1943.
I can't disagree with you on that. The parents should not have let the child near the water. I have to say though, I come from a state that doesn't have any alligators. It would be hard for me to wrap my mind around them being a danger without some warning. Also when you staying at Disney World, it might not occur to you that the danger is present.
If you believe in the [prosperity theology](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prosperity_theology) you can ignore the parts about helping the poor.
Dick's Drive In has a long history of caring for its employees.
There were people saying the same thing about Bush in 2008. I think they will switch targets.
My dad was in the Navy. They nicknamed the captain of his ship Ricochet Rick, because the guy was notorious for hitting piers when docking.
You should cross post this to /r/crappydesign.
The sad part is it was very clear to me in the video that the officer had no desire to arrest the guy. He gave him several opportunities to present his ID and registration to avoid arrest.
As long as they also take the debt run up by W I am all for it.
If I am ever in Houston I will make a point of visiting the USS Texas. Looks like a lot of fun.
They didn't know how the disease was spread. It was 100% fatal and it frightened people. Morticians refused to bury the bodies of people who died of AIDS. As others have stated it was seen as a disease for gays, and druggies. With Reagan in office who cared what happened to those people. It was pretty ugly for a while.
So is their going to be any actual consequences or will Rangel be excluded from a few clubs for a month or two?
I am a lifelong Mariners fan. I am used to disappointment. Edit: Thank you for the Reddit Gold.
Look into getting [improved feint](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/improved-feint-combat---final) for your rogue. This allows you to apply sneak attack damage after a successful bluff. Keep in mind you add sneak attack damage whenever you can deny an opponent their dex bonus. This includes if you go first in the first round of combat, you can flank the opponent, or they are tripped or grappled. In addition see if your DM will allow you use an unchained rogue. He may already I don't know. As for weapons and equipment the DM may want to consider adding a few extra items that would fit the small character. I am playing a Halfling rogue currently but my DM has been spreading the loot out so we all get neat stuff.
I know they were a great team, but they still never made it to a world series.
No the Mariners cap is a great idea. We love our baseball team, we are just used to them blowing every season.
Last time I checked Cubs were doing well this year.
Thing is it would be a no win situation for Michelle. If she did wear Armani and stuff like that all the time they he would describe her as an uppity snob, using taxpayer money to fund her lavish lifestyle.
I don't know what state you are in but call Adult Protective Services or whatever agency handles this sort of thing right away. This fits a classic abuse pattern and needs to be investigated.
In my experience it isn't uncommon for people who were out there to find religion and suddenly go really hard core. Often it seems like converts are way worse than those raised in a religion.
I don't think we can make it to the Superbowl either. I am watching the New England/Miami game and it is amazing how consistency of New England's offense and defense.
Well I could pull the plug you ungrateful shit.
You need a plate of dog biscuits and a bowel of champagne to complete the image.
There not going to drink from a champagne flute, how would a dog fit is tongue in there?
It's like dealing with a five year old.
I have only one legendary and so far have not gotten any new ones. Supposedly according to the drop rate I should have gotten another at this point.
Ask and though shall receive. [Conservapedia](http://www.conservapedia.com/Main_Page) in all of its glory. I don't think they are as crazy as infowars though.
Don't worry about it for now. You don't have all of your abilities and you have a lot more levels and gear to go before it becomes a problem. Once you hit Legion content, get your artifact weapon and get your item level up then start worrying about your DPS. Besides you are still learning the game and the character at this point. Enjoy and have fun.
You need to head to Outland. They have the lvl 60 to 70 content. If you are playing horde you can find a portal to Outland in the cleft of shadows in Orgrimmar. At I think that is it. It is still a grind, but the quests will be for lvl 60 and above depending on the area.
If you buy the base game you get all the add-ons except for Legion which is the most recent one. You can buy game time with in game tokens however those tokens usually go for between 30,000 to 50,000 gold. You won't make that kind of money until you hit max level. Even at max you should be prepared to do lots of gold farming to buy a token. It might be worth it if you play for 3-4 months. You don't have to pay for all the months. Just the ones you play. My suggestion would be to load up the free trial which allows you to play up to level 20. Get a feel for the game and if you like it than pay for the [base game](https://us.battle.net/shop/en/product/world-of-warcraft) it is only 9.99. You also get one month free. If you like it stick with it, if you don't drop it. Gives you some options without having to pay lots of money.
Nope they are or were being serious when the launched the website.
Use the tab key to select targets, it is pretty much shit but the best thing you have. Just verify the target, nothing will get you kicked from a group faster than ninja pulling something the group tank isn't engaged with.
That's not crappy design, that is brilliant.
I want to see Leia go the only way she knows how. A death ride in a crippled ship against a fleet of first order star destroyers.
Clearly not in Washington State. They would have espresso too.
I would hope they would be smart enough to take whatever deal the DA offers and avoid a jury trial. Of course they haven't shown a lot of brains up to this point so who knows.
We will see what the DA decides to do in this case. I don't have enough knowledge about how the legal system works to really argue what will happen. I do think that the chance of a jury trial is slim, unless they are really stupid, and think they can get a not guilty verdict. Otherwise they are looking at a lot of jail time for a savage, senseless act of violence.
I don't know. I am unsure who can or can't bring hate crime charges.
You should also buy the [dignified headmasters charge](http://www.wowhead.com/item=42947/dignified-headmasters-charge) staff from the same vendor. It will run you 750g. One thing to consider with Heirlooms is once you buy one you can use it for any eligible new character so they are worth it in the long run. You can even use them if you switch to a different server.
The Bacon Identity The Bacon Crashers The Bacon Who Loved Me Bacon and Me
You won't get the artifact until at least level 98, you really want an weapon that increases intellect. That staff is for the time being the one you want.
I think I lost a few IQ points by clicking on that link.
Can't argue with you on that.
Don't forget Nixon. He did some positive things, but the whole wire tapping your political enemies thing was very bad.
Anyone know how to activate these items. I have gotten a few and did complete the Diablo 20th anniversary achievement, but not sure what to do next. I tried right clicking, but didn't seem to work.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Perfect, thank you.
The Screaming Trees and the Reverend Horton Heat opening for Soundgarden in 96. One of the best shows I have seen.
You can hit need on them. There is a random roll so if someone else signals need you may not get the item. Other players may pass if they have the pet already so I wouldn't worry too much about it.
Part of the problem is that people are willing to believe that Trump likes to have hookers pee on him or each other or something. Says a lot about what we think of him. Secondly I wouldn't be surprised if Putin did have some sort of dirt or financial control of Trump. So it hooks into stuff that is believable even if the overall story sounds outrageous.
The media loves salacious rumors. Golden showers and whores are absolutely perfect to get attention.
They at least need to get on the same page and send the same message. Otherwise you will have a real mess.
You need to add a little speaker box that makes the murloc sound when you press it.
Or it could be because Trump has some serious character deficiencies that make it at least somewhat believable. I find it odd that many of the same people who believe Obama is a secret muslim, gay, atheist married to a trans woman seem to think that Trump can do no wrong and is being attacked by the dishonest media.
There are some on the right who believe and I not making this up, that Obama is gay, Michelle is a trans-woman and the daughters were kidnapped to fool America into thinking they are a family.
That totally explains why all the modern neo-nazis supported Hillary during the campaign.
Yet Trump is the one who told it like it is.
I am glad someone got a laugh, I really need to proof read stuff before I hit post.
For ten bucks per account you can get all the expansions except for legion and a month of game time. After that it is up to you.
I once tried vodka and white grape juice because I simply didn't have any other mixers. It was so bad I dumped it down the sink.
Mantaray wouldn't work since the riverbeast goes on both land and water. You would need to get the water strider.
The problem is they usually have a couple of kids from different moms at young age before they die in an auto accident.
I got pulled over doing deliveries when I worked for Kinko's. Was in the van and everything. The officer was really nice, told me to slow down and thankfully didn't write me a ticket.
Nuke a gay whale for Jesus.
Well...but you know..Hillary....
Don't forget r/conspiracy those guys have gone full Donald. You never want to go full Donald.
Bah begone with your "facts". I know what I feel is true. /s
One of my coworkers is Gambian and he has gone from being very excited about a regime change to worrying about a civil war.
My father in law was probably on board when this picture was taken. He was on the maiden cruise for the Ranger when it traveled from the Atlantic ocean to the Pacific ocean.
I hope it can be resolved with little or no violence. Gambia deserves better than what they have gotten.
You sure he isn't a leprechaun in disguise?
This guy will also tell you that Hitler was a leftist. So no history isn't their strong suit.
I was raised Lutheran and totally understand you.
I was going to say that I really don't like resorting to violence and I dislike that this happened. Then I read his comments and decided fuck that guy he needs more than a punch to the face.
W was really good at glossing over his 1% upbringing and presenting himself as a regular guy. Something Romney was unable to emulate in 2012.
Well why don't we go back to when you could work a blue collar job and afford all those things.
Trump might be a Mets fan but I doubt it because he doesn't like losers.
[Zoot Suit Riot!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IqH3uliwJY)
Buckle up, this is a good indication about how the next four years are going to play out.
For you DK you might want to skip the heirlooms. They only scale up top level 60, you start at 55 and will level fast to 60. After 60 you have to buy upgrade items that are very expensive. The heirlooms are also expensive, each piece of clothing is 500 gold and weapons cost 750 gold. Heirlooms are designed for leveling alts quickly. Once you get your main to max level and have 20,000 gold to spend. One advantage of heirlooms, is once you buy it you have access to it for any alt you create no matter what realm or faction. So you could move to a brand new server and be able to quickly level alts. Good luck and have fun playing.
Wrong!
I have a 110 WW Monk, with an ilvl 862. I can flatten groups of 110 level mobs, take on elites etc. It took a while to get the artifact weapon up, but so worth the effort. I am really enjoying the character right now. I just wish the rest of my guild would catch up so we can do mythic progression.
I wonder how long it will be before Bernie is disappeared to Gitmo?
Pretty much any of the compilation of short stories written by Patrick F McManus. Especially the ones where he talks about his childhood. Really funny guy and some great stories to boot.
so far I have only one other appearance and it isn't the one you described. But hey sooner or later right?
I think they are wrong. Conway provides endless entertainment and a good luck into the mind of Trump. I would really like them to keep her on the air.
Adoptive couples tend to prefer white girls to adopt. That makes the pool very small. Try being a black boy up for adoption, fun times.
Lincoln didn't outright want to bring about an end to Slavery, but the republican party had added abolition of slavery as part of their platform. There was also a push to not allow expansion of slavery to new states in the western part of the US, even if those stats were south of the Mason-Dixon line.
You should probably look at doing world quests and finishing the quest lines in the broken isle area. I think you need to be at least ilvl830 for mythic raiding and a lot of groups won't pick you up until you are at least 850. If you can find a guild that wants to do mythic tier raiding and sign up. It would at least get you out of the rut.
Because the Russians don't want them released.
I received a legendary item when I turned in the world quests. I have also gotten them as drops on heroic level dungeons.
No they did a push pull asking voters in South Carolina would you be more likely or less likely to vote for John McCain for president if you knew he had fathered an illegitimate black child? This was in reference to his adopted daughter from Bangladesh. So it was just outright racism.
We are playing Edge of the Empire about 10 years after the end of the clone wars. My group is trying to make money while avoiding imperial and pirates alike.
That would explain why all those neo-nazis, KKK, and other hate groups fully backed Hillary. /s
I work for hospice care and we have had a jump recently in average deaths. Most of them are dying of the root disease, but the flu going around isn't helping.
I got written up at a nursing home I worked at for calling in sick when I had bronchitis and was taking anti-biotics. I missed a total of four days of work. It was really stupid. I quit two months later and started a new job.
WoD uses Hexweave cloth for all of its recipes. I haven't gotten any drops of the actual cloth itself. You have to take the sumptuous fur drops and turn them into hexweave. This is done by using the tailoring emporium and by a daily thing you can do to create the cloth. It is slow and a real pain. I have gotten hexweave through the blington 5000 on occasion. Not a lot but every bit helps. Legion uses Shal' Dorie silk for all of its recipes. The silk drops often from killing mobs and is easy to get. However the higher level recipes require imbued silk. Something you make by combining the silk with arkhana. Arkhana is gained by disenchanting items. To further complicate the issue many of the higher level recipes have to be gained by doing dungeon quests sometimes on mythic levels. To sum up, you have to produce all of your hexweave cloth, a slow process. Shal dorie silk is easier to come by but higher level recipes can be difficult to obtain and producing the needed items can take time. On the other hand the 24 slot shal dorie silk bags are often in demand and I was able to sell 6 on the AH for 675 gold in less than 24 hours.
I am sure an equal or even greater number of women marched into the voting booths and voted for Hillary. Making this statement really stupid and disrespectful.
And your source for that would be?
The also sell this [Smiths](http://picture-cdn.wheretoget.it/4pwz6a-i.jpg) Shirt
Yeah that is the joke.
You just have to do the passive-aggressive Seattle thing at it will all work out fine.
I don't really like either the UK or US version of the office. That style of cringe comedy bothers me, and I just turn it off after a bit. But yeah Trump is really similar to the boss.
American Sniper might have some competition from Red Dawn and Iron Eagle.
What a great idea, let's start a trade war with our second largest trading partner. What could go wrong?
The original Battlefront and Battlefront II games are in high demand after the disappointing release of the new version of Battlefront. I have a copy for the xbox I could get around $50-$60 for on Ebay so no it surprisingly isn't overpriced. Just a classic in demand game.
Midget tranny porn for the win!
Posted by the same people who are fine with two women kissing. But hey lesbian sex is much easier to fap too.
I think this was the guy who asked the guards to save last meal pizza for later.
The short answer is no this wouldn't work.
Depends do you want to heal, tank or do DPS? The windwalker monk is higher ranked than the ret pally. However the prot pally IMO is a better tank and easier to learn. Not sure how the heals stack up between the holy and mistweaver specs. At the same time, play what you want and you enjoy. Try both and see which class feels better. Good luck and have fun.
There is a guild finder in the game. Allows you to peruse guilds, get an idea of how busy the guild is and membership. You can also join a guild and leave if you end up not liking the guild.
But I thought we wanted prayer back in school? I have seen plenty of memes claiming that school shootings are a direct result of not allowing a teacher led prayer.
Actually he did it day one when he refused to divest his business interests before taking the oath of office.
I think they went overboard on the photoshopping.
As far as I can tell the crusades were mostly about clearing out noble born fourth and fifth sons who would never stand to inherit the family lands.
Thanks for that tip. I will have to look up how to unlock it. I haven't done a lot in WoD. Started playing a few months before legion came out so I have been spending most of my time in the Broken Isles.
You should call the [Connecticut Department of Health](http://www.ct.gov/dph/cwp/view.asp?a=3121&amp;q=389520) under impaired practitioners. This is a mandated reporter situation. I would expect that when you make the call you will probably see the entire office shut down. I don't believe the doctor isn't at least aware of what's going on. Good luck.
One of the characters is named Major Major who was promoted to a major in the US army. So a character called shithead would not be out of place.
Check the laws in New York, but the county I live in you are guaranteed a 10 minute break for every 2 hours worked and a 30 minute lunch if you work longer than 4 hours. He may not be able to legally stop you from taking a break. One a side note anyone who is that controlling is going to make for a bad work environment and I would suggest you get out as fast as you can.
I has been a long time since I read the book and I don't recall. I should reread it.
Trump is used to being able to threaten people and get his way. The problem now is those threats are very public and it will be obvious when he is unable or unwilling to follow through. Surprise business and government actually work differently.
Sometimes your family is the people you choose, not the one your born into.
That is what I would refer to as "visually exciting".
I gonna put this promise into the same basket as Trump's promise to release his tax returns and to sue all the women who stated he assaulted them. I am going to put the chances of him testifying under oath as somewhere between zero to none.
Even if Trump is impeached, his effect on the judiciary will be felt for a good 30 or more years. I guess the republicans are be happy about all the Obama nominees they spent years blocking.
That is some old school baseball. I don't think you are allowed to hit the catcher like that anymore.
They tried a test system in the U-District a while back were you could buy coupons from some of the local business that you could hand out. Stuff like a burger at Jack-in-the-Box or other food or clothing items. It was hoped the system would keep people from using the money to buy drugs or alcohol and spend it on stuff that they use. Not sure if that ever took off.
You think it wasn't? The runner went in head first he didn't slide.
It used to be pretty common to slide into or hit the catcher to force them to drop the ball or miss the tag. I think that is why the MLB changed the out to simply tagging home plate, too many injuries.
I laughed at this because I am drunk and find this funny.
Comey called Trump a liar during his testimony. There were also several instances where Comey stated that he could not answer in an open session. That cannot in any way, shape or form be claimed that Comey said Trump did nothing wrong.
Uh we had a hearing because Donald Trump fired James Comey after Comey refused to stop investigation Michael Flynn. Trump admitted as much in his early morning tweets and if that is the case it could be considered obstruction of justice and raises questions about Trump's connections to a hostile foreign government. Claiming Comey is some special snowflake who got his feelings hurt is such bullshit.
Correct me if I am wrong by aren't anarcho-capitalists an oxymoron? If you are a capitalist about the last thing you want in your home country anyway is anarchy and the threat that someone could steal your money are wares.
Probably, I don't recall how it the experiment worked out. I haven't heard anything further about it, so I am guessing it was discontinued at some point.
Sounds to me like they want to go back to the era of the robber barons with little to no oversight and no worker protections.
They don't want to believe that Trump has done anything wrong. I have a few conservative friends and the current line they are spewing is that Trump is doing exactly what he said he would and the liberals and entrenched government doesn't like it. On a thread about the Trump-Russian investigation he said that they should be looking into Hillary's ties to Soros instead. It is all just bat shit crazy stuff to avoid admitting that Trump is an idiot and he is screwing everything up by the numbers.
That's a bold move Cotton. Let's see how it works out for them.
I would suggest they read up on the French revolution.
Too bad this won't work in America.
I really hope that is photoshopped over the original image. I can't think of any circumstances where this would be considered funny. Given how pixelated it is compared to the other two I am going to believe this image has bean altered.
Reminds me of when I took my son to one of those fancy cupcake places. He ate all the frosting off the top of the cupcake and was done. I think he was about 4 at the time.
Remember Obama was both a weak pussy and a ruthless dictator want to be.
The TV evangelical types tend to be far more concerned with their bank account than the word of god.
Yeah not really, only 23% of the population voted and it is a non-binding resolution. I don't see our congress taking up Puerto Rico's statehood bid anytime soon. Plus how the hell are we supposed to put 51 stars on the flag?
That works.
If you can gather up stuff like your birth certificate, passport, etc. That way you have them. Put them somewhere safe that your parents can't get too.
Don't forget MacArthur wanting to seed the area north of the Yalu river with radioactive material to keep China out of North Korea.
I have a sudden desire to crank Huey Louis and the News.
So the guy who degraded his opponents with derogatory nicknames is complaining about the viciousness of politics?
A player who liked to throw around racial slurs. We told him to knock it off as it wasn't appropriate.
Pretty sure the Brotherhood would keep them out.
Real world racial slurs referring to the sand elves in the game, it was a custom setup as sandn****rs.
Sounds like a jerk who had to face the real world consequences of his bullying and didn't like it.
My favorite part of this is that the terrorist group Isis is lumped in with news services. What the actual fuck?
I live on the west coast of the US and we have some species of trees that require fire for the seed pods to open. Not an uncommon occurrence in the plant world I guess.
[Juggalos](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juggalo) are fans of the band Insane Clown Posse. Also you can get marijuanas in pretty much any west coast state legally anymore.
Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett explained it well in *Good Omens*. &gt;*NOTE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE AND AMERICANS: One shilling = Five Pee. It helps to understand the antique finances of the Witchfinder Army if you know the original British monetary system: &gt;Two farthings = One Ha'penny. Two ha'pennies = One Penny. Three pennies = A Thrupenny Bit. Two Thrupences = A Sixpence. Two Sixpences = One Shilling, or Bob. Two Bob = A Florin. One Florin and One Sixpence = Half a Crown. Four Half Crowns = Ten Bob Note. Two Ten Bob Notes = One Pound (or 240 pennies). One Pound and One Shilling = One Guinea. &gt;The British resisted decimalized currency for a long time because they thought it was too complicated." Good Omens By Neil Gaiman &amp; Terry Pratchett 1990 Ace mass-market edition / May 1996 / P.# 178
No wouldn't call what you did bullying, I meant to say he was acting like a bully and than upset when he got kicked out. If you want to talk about how evil the brown people are you going to need to do it with your other neo-nazi buddies. Not in some random group that includes said brown people.
Don't forget the Mormons, they went to Utah for a reason.
I would really need to have someone from the UK weigh in because I am not 100% sure. This was a footnote in the book Good Omens, and both Gaiman and Pratchett love to write funny little blurbs.
I don't know how they would possibly file a lawsuit, this would be like a drug dealer telling a buyer that he is calling the cops because the buyer payed with counterfeit money.
If it is a choice between feeling hot and stuffy in a helmet or having my brains splattered across the pavement I will go with the helmet. Besides you can buy the half style helmet and a pair of goggles if you don't like the full helmet
Not stupid just desperate and believed that the mine would employ hundreds of people at middle class wages. It was when I read that Arby's employs more people than the entire coal industry that I realized how stupid it is to try to reinvigorate coal.
While a John Lithgow joker would have been fun I don't know if he would have been as much of a menacing psycho as Nicholson.
I am so glad to live in a part of the US that doesn't have alligators.
A long time ago I worked swing shift, would stay up late and sleep in since I didn't start work until 3. Than they started construction next me. Hard to sleep when all you hear is heavy equipment moving around.
I worked in a nursing home and had a guy who was like that. No idea where he was or why he was there most of the time. One time he came out of his room and started demanding to know where the plane was. I told him it was delayed in Chicago due to snow and he should go lay down until it was ready. You end up laughing at this type of stuff because otherwise it would make you cry.
I think it is more a we know they dun something bad, now lets lock em up.
I am going to go with they didn't produce the PDF properly and the printer didn't have the font causing all the text to really freak out. Because if somebody designed it this way they need to be cut into little itty bitty pieces and buried alive.
Sessions doesn't recall if he swore loyalty to Trump or not.
It really doesn't matter what you do, they want to criticize you for something, anything. Keep doing what you are doing, as long as you are eating healthy and at a good weight you are fine. Do seek help if you have an eating disorder but otherwise do your best to ignore your dad.
But this gives republicans such a great chance to play the victim card and complain about unhinged leftist violence. Why would not give them that opportunity. I noticed Trump is going to speak about the shooting in a few hours, when it took him days to say anything about the Portland stabbing.
We used to have state run liquor stores in my state, but you could buy beer and wine at the grocery store. Funny that Canada really hasn't updated its laws in a while.
I am guessing that because Trudeau doesn't want to end refugees from Syria and won't immediately kick out all the Muslims in Canada that it makes him a convert. At least I think that is the logic they are using.
They didn't get rich by writing checks.
Not really a scam but I have seen similar stuff. They are trying to make it look legit so you will respond to whatever crappy offer they have.
You can add relics to the artifact weapons that raise the ilvl, you will also want to unlock the 3rd relic slot via the order hall missions.
That was the first thing I noticed, if I was there I would have done my best to claim that part.
I would suspect this is Putin trying to cause as much chaos as possible in the US and Nato.
You left out when Gingrich stated Clinton could not be president due to his infidelity while Gingrich was involved in an extra-marital affair.
Yeah that is totally going to happen.
Good God Bill and Hillary Clinton have to be the two most investigated politicians in the US. A little red meat for the people who still believe in Trump and want Hillary in jail for reasons.
She needs to call Adult Protective Services or the equivalent in your state and report the incident to them. Not her assault but the harm to the resident they are the ones who would investigate. Do it soon since scratches and bruises heal. She can call the police to file a complaint against the supervising nurse that attacked her, I would also call the corporate HR department and labor and industry in your state. Corporate HR may well try to sweep it under the rug as well since it would be bad news, but Labor and Industry should be able to protect her. She is a mandated reporter and bringing bruises and other wounds to her supervisor is part of her job. I would also suggest she starts looking for a new job, perhaps home health might be better nursing homes are pretty much shit shows in my opinion.
I have some conservative friends who live in small towns in the midwest. They were convinced that all the major cities were burning after the election because all the liberals were rampaging and destroying everything. Not even close of course but that fits into the right wing narrative far more than peaceful protests.
I don't think that he even believes it, he claimed in a his children's custody case that he is simply portraying a character.
I wonder if Garrison will end up in the loony bin if Trump gets impeached. It is clear that it won't take much for Ben to snap.
I think he overlooked that part that Trump is not only stupid, but also lazy.
Whenever I read stuff like this I always think that the people who answered that chocolate milk comes from brown cows are just screwing with the survey and not answering honestly. God knows if I took a survey like this I would give some crazy answers.
Ahh okay that makes sense. I am sure Jones doesn't want to lose whatever audience he has and saying he is playing a character might not sit well with them.
Just an added bit of racism to season the whole pile of shit. Surprised they didn't add pictures of watermelon and fried chicken.
Didn't Trump just complain a few days ago that he was now be investigated on one of his tweets?
I have had this happen once with the mount, it is funny when it does.
When the state of Georgia launched a crackdown on illegal immigrants it caused a huge amount of problems for the agricultural sector. Not sure if they backed off that yet or not.
First off next time she calls and wants to whine at you tell her no, just no. Don't be mean, don't throw a fit, don't call her names. Ask her if there is an emergency with the kids or if they would like to talk to you. My ex is a narcissist and would do shit like this all the time. I stopped giving her any positive feedback and when she realized I wouldn't engage her in the way I wanted she stopped. It won't solve the problem of her not calling you on father's day and I would suggest having a lawyer around just in case, but I am very serious about not engaging her.
I can see Paul Ryan now "but...but it is your fucking bill you idiot".
I feel like we are back into the cold war to a certain extent. Maybe without the absolute feel of world ending doom that marked the first one but a cold war nonetheless. Complete with proxy wars and lots of international posturing on both sides.
IN the PJ20 movie Stone was talking about Vedder climbing on stage, and said he was constantly worried that Veder would fall and kill himself.
Yeah this sounds like something straight out of an old Monty Python episode.
God I had some nitwit a while back talking about her "investment" in her brand new BMW. I wanted tell her she was an idiot if she thought the car was somehow going to be anywhere near the value she bought it at in a year or two.
LOL that pretty much sums it up.
They may just want to avoid the pitchforks.
They did an experiment with some quiet pavement where I live. Worked great for a while but a couple of years later and in my opinion it doesn't seem to make that much of a difference.
No Gacy liked to kill people dressed as a clown or some other weird shit.
I am not a big fan of sexual content in games. I know it is a bit stupid but I feel like it is a bit awkward to include into games.
This is the difference between being a guardian cop and a warrior cop. We need more guardian cops on the beat and fewer warrior cops.
A bartender I knew said that he would never break up a fight between two women because of things like this. He saw a woman take off her stiletto heel and start hitting another woman with it. He had no problem breaking up a couple of guys fighting though.
It doesn't have to make sense, it is more about shifting blame from far right white nationalists onto the "evil" government.
Some people in Texas were literally up in arms over the Jade Helm exercise in 2015, They were convinced that Obama was going to take their guns and throw them into interment camps to further his tyrannical socialist goals.
The term you are looking for is oligarchy.
The old gods care not for you or your sacrifice you insignificant mortal.
I rented a condo with my ex along time ago and a guy who was partially blind lived on the top floor. I would see him all the time begging on the streets. He may have needed the money since I have no idea what his finances or but it still seemed strange. He would also try to cop a feel on women in the elevator by acting really blind while reaching for the buttons.
You could always get a [Utilikilt](http://www.utilikilts.com/).
You can find the ancient mana crystals all over Suramar, not just in or around the city. Also when in disguise keep an eye out for the guys with the glowing orb over their heads. They are the ones who unmask you.
Yup the DNC totally released all those embarrassing emails so they could later go after Trump when he won the presidency for Russian collusion. Totally makes sense.
I would suggest playing around with a few classes and see what you like. Blizzard keeps altering the DPS outputs so the class that is really good today isn't overpowered in the next patch.
Wait so he is still pushing that Obama did lots of illegal stuff that he can't prove? Sadly his supporters will still believe him.
Of course you vote for him after all the liberal is probably worse and will kill thousands of babies through forced abortions, Gay marriage AAAHHH AAAHHHH Gurns!!!!!
I'm not a lawyer or anything but couldn't this be considered witness tampering?
Hate to break it to you but Comey is generally considered a great deal more trustworthy than Trump. Trump making a statement that Comey better hope there isn't any tapes of their conversation, than later saying that he didn't have any tapes is at best just bizarre. Perhaps Trump should focus on running the government instead of worrying about what the news is saying about him.
A hostile foreign power attempting to sway our election should always be looked into.
I don't like when the US gets involved in foreign countries and affairs, but I also don't like when other countries interfere with US elections. It is pretty common to be unhappy when someone outside the family so to speak starts sticking there nose where it doesn't belong. When you add that Russia appeared to attempt to interfere with at the recent French election and the overall muscular foreign policy advocated by Putin it makes me and the rest of the Nato countries worry.
I suspect the CIA, FBI, and NSA at least would disagree with you. Perhaps a little less right wing propaganda and a little more time paying attention. I know that the right wing would like the whole Russia thing to go away, but Trump hasn't helped himself and insisting it is all some sort of dem/deep state plot isn't going to work except with the hard 33% who don't care.
One of my favorite parts in *Cryptonomicon* by Neal Stephenson. Yes it is fictional but still funny. It is part of an interview conducted by future president Ronald Reagan and one of the main characters Bobby Shaftoe &gt;Ronald Reagan has a stack of three by five cards in his lap. He skids up a new one: "What advice do you, as the youngest American fighting man ever to win both the Navy Cross and the Silver Star, have for any young Marines on their way to Guadalcanal?" Shaftoe doesn't have to think very long... "Just kill the one with the sword first." "Ah...Smarrrt—you target them because they're the officers, right?" "No, fuckhead!" Shaftoe yells. "You kill 'em because they've got fucking swords! You ever had anyone running at you waving a fucking sword?"
The Beastie Boys ended up more in the alternative music category than the rap category. I still hear them on both the local rock station and the alternative music station.
Keeping his pimp hand strong I see.
What continues to amaze me is that these are stupid lies. They aren't the type of lies that are hard to disprove or if you fudge the numbers a bit they could be true, they are just plain stupid. And yet no one seems to be able to call Trump out on it or at least Trump refuses to listen.
The republicans and the right wing media would have gone bug nuts if Obama had started talking about Russian interference and Putin's desire to elect Trump. It was a no win situation for him.
Well he is Russian so more likely drunk on vodka, everything else is pretty accurate.
Who would have know that massive brain trauma might kill him?
That is why we need an investigation you nitwits.
You can always call child protective services or the equivalent in Utah. They would investigate and make a determination on what they discover.
Sometimes they like to go back to the same spot, but you are right. Calling the police might be a better choice, the police would be able to do a CPS referral and at the very least get the child somewhere safe right away.
I haven't been in this type of situation, so I don't know what the results would be. I think if you call the police and explain the situation they don't give your name to the person they are investigating. At least I hope they won't However I could see them putting a low priority on it. As for the meddling you are going to kick over a can of worms no matter what you do and the safety of the child is the most important part.
One thing I really miss that digital music downloads has killed is going to the record store and browsing through the albums looking for something cool.
I am impressed that the car is still going after all that damage. Not to many vehicles that can take a hit like that and keep going. I do hope the guy was only going a short distance.
It varies depending on where you live, but where I live the process is very easy. Primarily you go to court, fill out some paperwork, you may be able to do this online, you talk to a judge and than they order new legal documentation with the name change. After that you will want to get all your other stuff changed, bank accounts, leases etc. I don't think it even costs that much, I changed my name a long time ago and I don't recall it costing more than $50.
It looks like her overall hull integrity is good. The ship doesn't appear to be listing or taking on water. Sure the bow was shot to hell and she lost the forward mast, but the guns are still in place and she clearly is floating well.
I would like to hear how Obama is a traitor. I am pretty sure that if Obama had committed treason the GOP would have found out about and had him impeached.
If you don't have any large holes in the hull and the ship isn't on fire I think you can count yourself in good shape.
They skipped over the part where white men fought a violent and destructive war before being able to abolish slavery.
I am sure the vice president of the Unites States has plenty of free time to do unscheduled things. /s
The dude is shit out of luck. The thing about adoption is you become the legal father on the birth certificate along with all of the legal stuff that entails. I get that he doesn't want to pay child support, but according to the state he is the legal father of the child and unless someone else adopts the child he will be paying support for the duration.
There is also a guild finder on your hot bar. You can use that to look up guilds, look at membership and see what they say about the guild. You might prefer a larger active group or a raiding oriented group or maybe just a chill bunch of people doing stuff. So always good to think about what you are looking for before joining.
To me it is one thing if you do something stupid and get hurt, but a whole different matter if your screw up hurts others.
Gotta love how being anti facist is now bad, but being ~~a neo nazi~~ alt right is okay.
You may want to involve a lawyer if you can afford one. Most likely you have a similar name as the father and the state is just throwing out a wide net to see if they can find the person. This type of stuff really sucks and I wish that they would use a little logic and reasoning instead of saying welp close enough.
Usually there are clauses in contracts that IP created while working for the company belongs to the company. You would most likely have to hire an attorney familiar with IP rights and copyright to and even then their is not guarantee of winning a lawsuit. It might be in your best interest to consult someone who understands all the applicable laws and and can give you good advice on where you stand.
When Trump starting complaining that no Democrats were working with him to overturn the ACA my eyes rolled so far back into my head that I still can't see straight.
I guess Branco either forgot or never lived through the Bill Clinton era when the republicans spent years and millions of dollars looking for anything to impeach him over.
I would suspect that it goes back to Trump's ego and what a great negotiator he believes himself to be.
I think you can be even short but not by much. I knew a girl in high school how wanted to join the navy and she was only an inch over the min height requirement. I think the was just a tad over 5', don't remember 100% because it was a long time ago.
Reminds me of the old joke Jesus loves you but everyone else thinks your an ass. Very typical narc behavior on your moms part. She clearly didn't do anything wrong so she feels no need to apologize, they then complain that everyone treats them poorly and don't understand why they don't have friends.
Perhaps Norway should point out that running submarines and airplanes close to Norwegian territory will also hurt ties between the two countries.
Thanks, I was unsure if it was or wasn't.
The kid with the daddy shirt is totally straight by the way, no cuck here.
It helps that Trump and the Enquirer owner are friends. I get a good chuckle when I am in the check out line over whatever pro Trump propaganda they are pushing this week. I am still waiting for Obama to be arrested for wire tapping Trump tower. The Enquirer promised it would be the trial of the century.
Well I know when I go to my communists meetings to get my check from George Soros for all the protesting I do that they have been pushing death to Jews, blacks, and gays and a desire to create a single homogeneous society.
With how quickly a well geared party can roll normal and heroic dungeons I find the wait time for the portals to suck.
Any chance of getting your desk moved? Maybe to somewhere not so loud. I would check with your supervisor and coworkers and come up with a performance index that shows the current environment is effecting not only your job but your coworkers jobs. One thing every company understands is money and if you can show that they are losing money that would get them to change the system really quick.
I can see the timeline on this now. Friday 3:25 pm EST Nunes take over investigation. Saturday 12:18 EST US military attacks targets in Syria. Saturday 7:22 am Nunes announces that the investigation is over and Trump did nothing wrong. The media is still covering the Syria strikes and doesn't say much about the end of the investigation.
Reminds of the old "where's the beef" Wendy's commercials.
Is the mom on hospice care or a home health care at all? Those places provide a social worker to help with placement into a nursing home or an adult family home. expecting her to basically be the 24 hour caregiver is to much for anyone. I will bet you money that when the mom dies her dad will expect her to stay and take care of him in the same manner.
My ex's heart.
I think he is more of a turd that should be flushed down a toilet and ignored.
Sounds like you should be posting on r/raisedbynarcissists. They can at least offer you a support group for shitty parents.
I wonder if they would be so blase about it if it was their mom, dad or sibling who was dying of a treatable disease but couldn't get insurance.
Out of curiosity why was she unable to get a new plan?
If you are ordering from Amazon they have secured lockers at local stores you can send stuff too. That would be better than having to deal with a load of snide comments every time.
LBJ would supposedly hold meetings with some of his staff while he was on the can taking his morning shit as well.
Do it today before the "wife" cleans him out and disappears. I would also get family in there full time to care for him and keep and eye on her.
Pretty sure you could put Obama in just about any clothes and he would look good in them.
In a perfect world it should, however in the world we live in none of the actions that Trump and the republican party have taken will be looked at even if Trump is impeached.
Don't forget the Soros/Clinton/Obama/deep state conspiracy to remove Trump to make America a communist, Muslim caliphate.
I hope this thing has air conditioning, otherwise the soldier is going to die of heat stroke long before he can shoot his rifle.
The people who make this kind of shit would love to stick all liberals into internment camps and remove any rights for them to vote. Hell I saw one a while back about how all the sanctuary cities were in open revolt to the US government and troops should be sent in to remove elected officials to be replaced by government approved officials. Yep that is some real freedom they are advocating.
I play a WW monk and really enjoy it, you have good AoE for for dungeons due to fist of fury, spinning kick and when you get the artifact weapon forward wind strike. You also get a really nice set of healing buffs and up to I think level 90 you can get a daily xp bonus so you level faster. Another nice aspect of the monk is you can respec to tank or heals if you would like to try either spec. I haven't tried heals much, but I do like the tank spec, good for guild groups. I haven't played the rogue much so I can't really say how it would stack up compared to the monk.
