I thought it was #69....
This might be a way to defeat school vouchers - get Satanists together to start a voucher school, the atheists, the Wiccans, etc, etc. Uproar ensues, program is shut down after many dollars spent on attorneys.
Perpetual Motion
Insurance companies will charge appropriately - if you want to keep one at home in a gun safe, you'll pay one price. You want to CC, you'll pay a higher price, commensurate with the risks of there being a payout. You have a problem with that?
I never understood the appeal of Hollister. It's named after a shitty town that has a zillion earthquakes a year and half the houses in town have cracked foundations due to the fault.
Some friends of mine at University of Tennessee in 76 were taking a course in the geology of the National Parks. The professor didn't know jack shit about the pronounciations, and I am forever stuck with "Too-o-loom Meadows" in my mind. Tuolumne is pronounced tuh-WALL-uh-mee, folks.
There's a reason why they are referred to as **F**ound **O**n **R**oad **D**ead
Will they recuse themselves? Probably not.
Maybe it Fucked Over Road Device...
That short wheelbase means it's lousy for towing, though.
When it's charm and personality are "You can send your kids off to the Persian Gulf to get the oil I need to drive this stupidly impractical resource guzzling vehicle as compensation for my other shortcoming", I think I'll take a pass.
I was in college and was visiting a friend at CalTech the Tuesday before the original Star Wars opened. Went to dinner with him, they made an announcement at dinner that there was going to be car pooling sign ups for a trip to see it that Friday. Much cheering and hollering ensued.
Are they from virgin camels?
That oil train is gonna derail and blow up the basement.
I worked for the guy who brought those locomotives to our railroad many years ago as general manager. He totally ignored the practicalities of using those engines for our service, and they were in the shop half the time - couldn't make transition, all sorts of electrical problems.
My mom asked me what I wanted for Christmas. I did a lot of baking, and I needed a good pyrex measuring cup. She got me a cheap plastic measuring cup instead.
Classic fatherhood moment for my brother- Step daughter, loudly, in crowded shopping mall "You are NOT my father" She was a bit of trouble to raise.
This is why we need a constitutional amendment that if a presidential nominee is not voted upon with 60 days, they are automatically confirmed for their office. Enough of this bullshit.
Get an ID card? Our local DMV isn't on a bus route, isn't open on Saturday. So non-drivers have to get somebody to take them to the DMV during the work week, wait through the DMV process, etc. etc. The whole idea is to knock out a percentage of the voters who would tend to vote Democratic. The Republicans are just playing the percentages - and destroying the concept of democracy.
They just wanted to see if he was truly out. No reaction? Time to start going in.
Edited to reflect that.
Walker doesn't think far enough ahead - he's probably thinking that by taking such socially conservative stands, he can win the primaries and be the nominee. But he fails to recognize that this is now a losing position in the general election.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Build a transmission system and a lot of wind turbines across the great plains to provide electricty to run battery powered autos. For those that need long range, use the electricity to generate hydrogen trhough electrolysis. Electrify the major rail routes to reduce fuel consumption there. Those actions would get us off imported oil pretty darn fast.
Those who invested in mortgage backed securities that the banksters were trading against with false bond ratings behind them certainly lost a lot and should be compensated.
And the alternative if the Fed hadn't done it? They would have gone under. No net damage, suit dismissed.
Yes, I recognize that, but some banksters did sell to individual investors. Our local school district played the market by borrowing at their tax exempt rate and investing in MBS securities at a higher rate. Value of the underlying investment crashed pretty much as soon as they bought it. Mucho buckos for the lawyers later, they got their money back - S&amp;P had applied a rating that was obviously fraudulent.
And our military expenditures are a major reason why our (US) economy is being dragged down.....
If it had been an ordinary risk, that would be one thing. However, because S&amp;P gave them a undeserved favorable rating, the investors were defrauded. The banksters were selling many of these investments, going into the market and selling theirs*and then going out on the market to devalue them further by selling short*.
The $3.6 billion deficit represented a wish list budget from the various departments, which they never get. The better figure is probably around $1.2 billion. The amount of borrowing has increased, and budget gimmicks abound. Walker has set up some very large structural deficits for the future, with further cuts to the income tax on the top brackets.
Who would want to watch?
Hey, Walker's trying to do the same with our state Supreme Court. He got a constitutional amendment passed that changed how the Chief Justice was selected because he didn't like the one that had the slot because of seniority. And now the court is to decide a major case about Walker's campaign coordination with independent committees. And at least two of the members of the Supreme Court face the same legal issue, but are not recusing themselves.
Thanks for confirming that I made the right decision to not get a trampoline for my kids when they were growing up.
Of course they consider this to be a market distorting subsidy. But $100 billion in annual defense costs in the Persian Gulf? that's "protecting 'Murica's interests".
&gt; Rail is not a enumerated power of the federal government, Neither were the air force or NASA. Railroads were a technology invented after the Constitution was written, and is a logical extension of post roads. Besides, it's also covered under the "promote the general welfare" clause. Just about anything can be justified by that language.
We still have private railroads. They haul freight. However, they couldn't compete in the passenger market against a subsidized highway system and subsidized airlines. Do I wish passenger rail was not subsidized? Yes. But I recognize that is not realistic for unsubsidized rail passenger service to compete against subsidized services.
That's $834 million over 10 years, or $83 million per year. Amtrak is mandated to provide food service on trains that run over a certain number of hours. And it's not just hamburgers - it's things like french toast for breakfasts and full fledged dinners. Do you expect people who will be on a train for a day or two, like on the western routes, to bring enough food for brown bagging their entire journey? Averaged out across their system, it only amounts to $2.83 per rider. I know that the state supported train from Maine to Boston, which contracts out the food service, only has a loss of 37 cents per passenger - but you have to remember, those passengers are on the train for only a very short time, and only need microwaveable stuff and coffee, not full fledged breakfasts, lunches, and dinners.
&gt; that clause doesn't invalidate the rest of the constitution it needs to work within the framework work it sets up. It is just as valid as a clause as all the others. It works on a stand alone basis. Yes, it literally is up to congress to figure what they want to justify as promoting the general welfare. I suppose you're one of those who wants to go back to "original intent" of the framers, right?
I expect her to use a junior grade producer to do some research. 10 minutes of research assistant's time would have cleared this up before hand. Sean Hannity claimed the Stevens Creek Elementary School "Banned the Declaration of Independence" back in 2004 or 2005. Really? You actually think a school banned the DoI? Don't you think that is counter intuitive enough that it deserves a few minutes of a research assistant's time? Not Mr. Hannity, he was shooting for the triple takedown of California, by association liberals, and public schools, and pretty much got away with it. (It was a false claim)
I saw Russ Feingold's notes for a 20-30 minute speech at the state Democratic convention. One page with about 50 words handwritten on it.
He continued to lie. Even the teacher involved in the lawsuit said on stage with Hannity "that is a bit of a stretch". The teacher was a "Christian Nation" type, whose principal had required him to get her approval of supplemental teaching materials because he had gotten to religiony in class and parents had complained. The principal told him that he couldn't use a document that emphasized the theological references in the DoI ("Divine Providence", "Nature's God", etc.), teacher sued, a Christian rights advocacy group provided the attorneys, and touted it as "school banned the DoI", even though it was in the textbooks and hung in the library. Went through the usual echo chamber, and Hannity picked it up, school got all sorts of nasty and threatening emails and phone calls, had to bring in the sheriff's department for a while. I'm disappointed the school district didn't sue Hannity for slander.
Not hard to miss them in the grass. I came within two feet of mowing one of them with the haybine.
He should spend exactly as much time in prison as what the victim was sentenced to.
I saw all sorts f two legged animals in the city.
I wonder what punishments they have for white collar crime.
That's why mandatory background checks for all sales are needed to make it an *enforceable* law.
But the law is largely unenforceable - that's why mandatory background checks are necessary to make it enforceable.
The Missouri study found that loosening gun laws increased the murder rate, even after adjusting for changes in demographics. The Connecticut study finds that tightening gun purchase laws reduced the murder rate. What more evidence do you need?
&gt; It fails to discuss how gun violence is decreasing across the United States as a whole, The Connecticut study adjusted for that. They found 40% fewer guns murders than if the state had just followed the national trend. Read the article.
Mandatory background checks are much more enforceable.
The Missouri study accounted for changes/differences in demographics, which your "32% higher" probably doesn't.
Mandatory background checks are designed more to keep people from selling to the wrong person. It is enforceable because police can go undercover, and if they can do a single buy without the seller doing the background check, they can arrest the seller on the spot. Presently, the loophole is the "knowingly" sell to a felon phrase. So there are a lot the sellers who just want to make a buck who aren't willing to ask. And when they tell you "no questions asked", we all know what's going on.
There's either a sign, or look on the post for the crossbucks, or if it is a signalized crossing, there should be a nearby metal box, usually 5-8 feet tall, and there is often a sticker on the side of that with the phone number.
i used to work for a railroad. One day in winter, I had to go out and look at a diamond (a place where tracks cross each other) and looked and listened before I walked up to the diamond. Within a minute, I had a train practically on top of me - they can be very quiet if there is snow on the ground.
I ship stuff by rail, in my own cars. Each car is specialized for the commodity it hauls. Goes back empty to the origin point for the next load. Generally, only boxcars and flatcars have a chance of being loaded both ways. But even for those, there are predominate directions of loaded travel , such as hauling lumber and paper out of forested regions towards consumers, but not much headed back towards the forested region.
Yeah, try all sorts of tricks while the train is coming at you..... First, get OUT OF THE CAR, call the phone number on the crossbuck post, sign, or signal box. Then figure out if it's safe to try your remedies.
Considering the consequences (loose guns on the street), I should think the law abiding citizens would want there to be mandatory background checks in order to cut down on crime. Background checks can be set up to be done on the internet, or through your local PD.
Not a sensitive spot - it happened before I met my ex - no apology needed. I just post this whenever I read about people using strangling to enhance the sexual experience so that we don't have horny teens left ignorant and in the dark about what could go wrong.
Congrats, and welcome to the club!
Is it an industry track, or a mainline? Mainlines should all have some sort of signage, not sure about industry tracks.
If he wins, what will call that thing on his head? First Muskrat? First Hairpiece?
Naw, it's missing Walker. His lies catching up to him will be hilarious.
&gt; My selling a pistol I don't want online has absolutely zero effect on illegal firearms. Yeah, right. Who are you selling it to? Some guy who asks "You don't need any identification from me, do you?" And if it's not you, it'll be somebody else who sells it to him. That's why background checks need to be required to staunch the flow of guns from the legal side of life to the illegal side of life.
I didn't say it would stop him - it'll be hilarious when somebody asks him "Are you in favor of voter id requirements?" Of course, he'll say yes, "to prevent voter fraud." Then the followup question will be "But didn't you illegally vote for Ronald Reagan yourself?" (Walker claims to have voted for Reagan in '88, but he was to young to vote in that election.) No Jiffy Pop for me this election, I want the good stuff - air popped, plenty of real butter.
There's a lot of people who commit felonies for fun and profit. Especially profit.
Came here to say this should be on the list. Damn scary what they do to those kids.
&gt; If he's buying and selling phones off craiglist, he probably doesn't expect them to be stolen. Doesn't expect them to be stolen? Yeah, riiiiight......
Put a [GORE] label on it, please.
It's not the tax rate that is the problem, it's the credits, deductions, exemptions, and definitions of what income and expenses are. We SHOULD soak the rich. They are the only ones who have the serious money, and they don't need very much more money to survive.
I'm not talking about a 90% marginal top rate like we had under Eisenhower. But certainly something higher then the 15% rate that is paid on long term capital gains. (BTW, at the rate I'm going, I do expect to be in the upper 10% this year under normal accounting rules, but I won't pay a lot of taxes because of the accelerated depreciation rules)
He knew what the environment was when he was making the 250K jobs promise. And he failed miserably.
That is where the job growth has been, defending Walker from the investigations for campaign finance violations.
&gt; Accelerated depreciation is a loophole that leftists hate. When you can write off a railcar in 7 years (they have a 50 year life) or a nuclear power plant in 15 years, with similarly ridiculous short tax depreciation lives for all other kinds of machinery, that's a distortion that subsidizes capital goods as compared to labor. So any profit maximizing business is going to spend a little more on machinery to replace labor than if the deprecition schedules were more reasonably related to the life of the equipment. Capital begets tax laws begets more profit. The money holders win again. Back in the late 1970's people were buying railcars as investments. They'd put 20% down, got 10% back as investment tax credit, plus double declining balance depreciation. They would send the railcars out onto the national system to earn per diem rents, and be earning well over a 75% RONI because of the way financing and tax laws interact. When I buy capital goods for my small business, the banker wants to see what it does to my taxes. And if I can get Uncle Sam to effectively pay for 25-30% of my capital purchases, my banker is happy. i think it is helpful for small businesses, because it is so difficult to get capital, but bad for employment in the long run.
I support the goal of creating jobs, it's just that Walker is going about it the wrong way, and the results prove that out. He barely reached 50% of his goal. The economy grows from the middle class out. Not trickle down. Not supply side. From the demand side. Scott Walker has screwed up in so many ways just so he can position himself to win the Republican nomination. When he took on the public employee unions he scared that entire sector of the workforce to hunker down and conserve their cash instead of spending it. High speed rail? Nope, it involved those stinky federal dollars. Expand health insurance coverage for the poor? Nope, again it involved icky federal dollars. Alternative energy? Can't have that here, smells too green and pure - despite the fact that we have two companies that build the towers for wind turbines in our state and many more businesses involved in supplying electrical transmission equipment. So the wind developers made their investments elsewhere. But if those dollars had come to our state, we would have had more money flowing through our economy *at the proper strata so it would generate jobs through the multiplier effect*. But no, Walker gave tax cuts to businesses and the rich, and those dollars don't circulate in the economic strata where jobs are created. Further, by showing such an ideological bent in furtherance of his presidential ambitions, he chased away businesses in bio-tech. If you ran a business that was involved in stem cell research, would you bring your business here knowing that Walker may go on a pro-life bender and pass a bill that hurts your company just so he can boost his cred with that segment of the republican presidential primary voting base? And the tax cuts to encourage job growth - any businessperson recognizes they are both fiscally and politically unsustainable, so the question is what is the tax structure going to be in the future? He's created such uncertainty on taxation that businesses are wary of locating here because they don't know what the tax code is going to look like just 5 years out. Now on highway funding, they are showing that they are not willing to tax to pay for what they have committed to. It looks like the Zoo interchange rebuild is going to be badly delayed, even though it is a project that has already been started. Result? One giant traffic nightmare at the state's busiest interchange for years to come. Or instead of taxing as appropriate, the republicans are considering borrowing more to pay for these projects - weighing down the state with more debt, which is going to limit our options in the future. Up until now, Walker has had free reign with the legislature rubber stamping every one of his ideas. *He had his chance, and we have the results, and despite having the 2nd highest potential for growth of all the states (according to the Philadelphia Fed) we came in 35th for job growth.* How's that for success? So Walker has screwed up in just about every way possible. If you really wanted to bring jobs to Wisconsin, you'd do just about the opposite of what Walker has done. Edits: add paragraph, clarity
Yes I do it because if I want a loan from my banker, he would think I'm nuts not to. I disagree with the rules, but I have to play the game within the rules.
I'm still paying off debt from a spectacularly bad year in 1999. I could have declared bankruptcy and walked away with the home intact, but no, I decided to do the right thing, borrowed money, and paid off my suppliers. At this point, I'm just making sure I have enough for a reasonable retirement. I'm only paying myself half of what I earned 20 years ago working for another company. And the last thing I want is more "stuff".
How to tell the difference between a black bear and a grizzly: 1. Check the molars 2. Look for gunshot wounds in the back.
&gt;Reasonable retirement of at least 10 mill? Now you're being an asshole. I'm thinking $2 million, and I'm 57 already, so I have to get crackin'.
They should just ban the sale of manufactured cigarettes, but allow for the sale of tobacco and rolling supplies. The trouble and taste of crappy hand rolled cigarettes will turn most smokers off right away.
I like his policies. I am concerned about his age. I'd be really inclined to vote for him if he'd learn to get those stray hairs under control so he doesn't look like some doddering old crackpot. Image is important on TV.
Because Hillary is married to the first black president.
&gt; limiting magazine size doesn't solve any problems. IIRR, both the Tucson shooter and the Portland shooter were taken down while changing magazines. the more frequently they have to change magazines, the more opportunity to disrupt them.
It's always easy to create scenarios where you will need MOAR GUNZ, be it firing speed or magazine capacity. "The little old lady might have her home invaded by a gang of 30 thugs on PCP. She needs a fully automatic gun with 100 round magazine to take them down if that ever happens." &gt;I live in black and grizzly territory, and also boar/Javelina territory. Javelina and grizzlies don't share the same range.....and generally boars and bears live at different elevations. Wikipedia lists the weight of a full grown adult javelina as 44 to 88 pounds. And you're worried about that? Or are you worried about little old ladies out on their ATV's being attacked by javelinas? I smell something..... Keeps your scenarios realistic, and don't expect the vast majority of us to be subject to 100 round drum magazines just because you want to go out and tempt the bears.
&gt; and 4-5 guys break in, How realistic is that? &gt;I would feel much more comfortable with 30 rounds in one magazine than 10. And there's a lot of us who would feel more comfortable with a magazine limit of 10. Namely all those who live in cities and suburbs. You're asking all those people to take extra risk because you want to live in a remote area and protect yourself against a generally unrealistic scenario where you are going to take down 4 or 5 guys without them hitting you? Only in movies are the bad guys such lousy shots.
Actually, there are quite a few enlightened multi millionaires and bilionaires, such as the [Patriotic Millionaires](http://patrioticmillionaires.org/) who think along the same lines as Sanders. Buffett and Gates both support higher marginal tax rates on the welathy.
&gt; I'm not asking you to take any extra risk. Yes, you are asking me to take more risk that there will be a crazed guy at the shopping mall or movie theater who wants to get his name on the front page and has greater capacity to do so. &gt;All I'm trying to do is to have you see why people want to keep their constitutional right to have more than ten rounds in their firearm. They have a constitutional right to a firearm. However, the Supreme Court has ruled that aspects can be regulated, at this point there is no "constitutional right" to have magazines of greater than 10 round capacity. Or at least that apparently hasn't been tested in the courts. &gt;Bears, coyotes, etc are an issue that people watch for everyday and god forbid you get stuck on a trail with only ten rounds and you encounter a bear, you better make those ten shots count and pray it runs or dies. How come whenever the talk is of limiting magazines to ten rounds, that is poo-poo'ed because an experienced shooter can change magazines in 1.7 seconds, but when it comes time to defend yourself against a bear, that 10 round magazine is an undue burden to change out? The past two summers, I've hiked over 160 miles in the Sierras. How many bears did I see? One, 25 minutes after getting out to the trailhead and waiting to be picked up.
&gt;Nowhere in the SC decision did they talk about regulating ammunition capacity. The language of "dangerous and unusual weapons" can be used to limit magazine capacity, much like machine guns are restricted because of their firing speed. The bear/magazine capacity argument is this: Whenever there is a discussion about limiting magazines to 10 rounds to hinder mass shooters, pro-gun people will say, "Heck, with practice, anybody can change a magazine in 2 seconds. Therefore a restriction on magazine capacity won't slow down a mass shooter." Okay, then why can't "anybody with practice" change out a magazine fast enough in a bear attack? You can't say it **won't** slow down the mass shooter, and in the next breath say it **will** slow you down defending yourself from the bear.
&gt; I'm glad you didn't see but one bear when in the Sierras. About the Sierra bears - when bear/human management rules went into effect in the 1990's regarding food storage, it has made a dramatic difference. I heard a ranger talk where they explained that negative bear/human interactions with property damage are down by 85% from pre-regulation levels. Backpackers are required to use bear resistant canisters for food storage, all food is required to be stored in heavy metal bear resistant boxes instead of your vehicle. An interesting side result is that the bears have lost their aggressiveness, and are much more timid and easily scared off by yelling at them - because they have found that they can't get food from humans and vehicles anymore.
doobie doobie doo...
&gt; They wouldn't push a bunch of mercs down into Mexico, armed with US military gear, Oh, you mean like the US has done in the banana republics?
Because the prohibited types of guns will be too available for criminals to get. Got to make it a national law to be really effective. Just like the Chicago laws on handguns. Don't have to drive very far to get around the prohibitions.
I'm just pointing out that the US certainly isn't as pure as the driven snow on this issue.
On September 6, 1962 a 20 pound chunk of Sputnik IV [landed in Manitowoc, WI](http://www.roadsideamerica.com/story/12959). Although that one was apparently a heavier one that could survive re-entry better than the Sputnik shown here.
May not think after this.
Considering most music loses it's number of plays after three months, it's a pretty shitty move on Apple's part. Especially when you consider Apple's wealth.
Sale *and possession* of extended magazines or kits to extend should be illegal. It's a little harder to rig up such a large boulder than going to a store to get a gun. The "Mental health! Mental health!" cry is just a diversion for the NRA to delay any action on equipment. Yes, it is a problem. And yes, I wish the media wouldn't publicize the shooter's names to discourage those who are seeking fame. But because mental health is such a squishy science - one man's psych's psycho may fall within another psych's range of normal - it is very hard to legislate. However, I do favor the legislation like what they have in California - relatives can request confiscation of guns from people whom they have concerns, and the individual has a right to get a hearing within 21 days. I've known a couple of people whom I would have liked to invoked that law on.
Got my son believing that the [Mount Sutro Tower](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sutro_Tower) was the crate the Transamerica Pyramid came in.
Actually there was [one link](http://www.cnbc.com/id/101634240) that discussed a survey of millionaires regarding taxation. I chose not to use it because the description is somewhat screwy - it says almost two thirds want to be taxed more in one part, but in another part says "51 percent of American millionaires believe inequality is a "major problem" for the U.S., and of those, nearly two-thirds support higher taxes". So I couldn't figure out if it was 2/3'rds of all millionaires or just 2/3rd's of millionaires who believe income inequality is a problem. But it is an interesting read, albeit short on details.
&gt; You forgot to mention that the all-season tires will not kill you before they start eating you. Has happened.
Where do they send orphaned baby chicks? Foster Farms (for those who don't get it, [Foster Farms](http://www.fosterfarms.com/) is a brand of packaged chicken meat)
I still hold a grudge against Sears. I applied for a Sears card out of college - I had a good paying job with a major company, I had graduated in three years from college, but was denied. My brother, who took five years to graduate and didn't have a job, got a mailing for one, applied, and got it. 37 years later, I still hold that grudge.
When the entire plant is nothing but a bt factory, I don't think you've reduced pesticide use..........
&gt; Walmart specialize is low prices Not really. They may have a crappy made in China/Malaysia/Pakistan/Honduras knockoff product in most categories that is cheap, but when comparing name brand items against other stores, you'll find they are the same price or higher.
&gt;because the maids that came to clean would be seeing the educational materials Actually this type of shenanigans is common amongst the big charities. Sending out a fundrasiing letter? Include a few tidbits about their cause de nom, and chalk up a bunch of "education" expenses.
Better performance art than that guy that drank the blue dye.
No, you're not dying. You're already dead.
Niagara has several bottling plants, so just because it's Niagara water doesn't mean it's part of the recall. Check the codes.
Toilet paper rolls can go in the recyclables.
Contrary opinion here- Back in the 40's and 50's or so, tonsillectomies were a common procedure to cure chronic sore throats. However, the usefulness of this in most cases has been discredited, and we no longer do the volume of tonsillectomies that we used to. Would you have wanted mandatory tonsillectomies? Likewise for circumcision.... you can hear the "..for the prevention of the spread of STD's" from some quarters now, right? Would you want those to be mandatory?
No, he added to the discussion. There are indeed "fat germs" that affect your gut and your cravings. It is important that we acknowledge that these exist, so research can work further on solving the problem.
We we moved to a farm, we took our kids in to the doctor for shots, checkups, etc. The previous owners had horses, and the doctor told us to let the kids run around barefoot to get little nicks and cuts with tetanus germs so they would be naturally immune. Better than the shot, she said.
And of course the viruses mutate all the time. I lived around a fairly progressive Amish community, they vaccinated. Got whooping cough, apparently a mutated strain had gone through the Amish like wildfire and spread to the larger community. Vaccines aren't the perfect panacea they are made out to be.
I was thinking more along the lines of "Draw me like those french girls". Maybe it's been too long since I've had any sex......
She is a beautiful Republican Princess after all....
Take it for a walk! This oughtta be good!
&gt; would require a very large (illegal) immigrant labor force likely from Mexico to do all the weeding, I've done some damn fine weed control just by panting rye as a cover/plowdown crop and cultivating, thank you. Rotary hoes and the cultivation tools made by the [Bezzerides Brothers](http://bezzerides.com/) make it pretty easy, actually.
&gt;Monsanto is not involved in manipulation of reddit comments to my knowledge, Of all the topics that come up, GMO's, guns and nuclear are the ones that I suspect have professional PR people participating. Answers are just too slick and PR-ish for them to be amateurs.
Doesn't look like it's having sex to me.
Enhance!
ECM- Electronic Counter Measures
The paper industry of Wisconsin thanks you.
I'm on Reddit.
Family tree or family wreath?
In college, I was stopped on the sidewalk by a gal who asked if I was looking for a summer job. I asked what it was, and she said she couldn't really explain it at the moment, but emphasized it was for a subsidiary of the LA Times. Kind of an orangeish flag, but I decided to show up the following evening because the LA Times was a respectable company. It was a group interview of 10-12 people, they were selling these student reference books that seemed kind of worthless, but it was more of a presentation than an interview. It hit me *"They're selling me on this job. It must be shitty."* It actually turned into a high pressure sales pitch for a job doing high pressure sales pitching door to door. You'd go to Memphis (it's now Nashville) on your own dime for the initial training, and then work on the on other side of the country (so it would be more difficult for you to quit and get back). Yes, folks, it was the [Southwestern Company](http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?25239-Southwestern-Company-a-scam/), which at the time was a subsidiary of the LA Times. I was looking for an out, when the presenter said "Now I'm sure there are some of you who aren't interested after hearing about this job. If so, we can part as friends now..." I stood up faster than I thought possible, said "Dinner is more important than this." and walked out, and a couple other did too. I'm sure once those of us walked out, we were tagged by the presenter as losers, and those who stayed were the strong winners, etc. etc.
You forgot "To be able to blame somebody else if the information turns out to be wrong."
&gt; he does look funny though ill give you that It's just about the same for half the humans I know.
&gt; The whole point of vouchers is to get the poor families in the expensive-ish private schools. **No.** The whole point of vouchers is to provide a kickback to religious voters by Republicans. I know voucher programs are mostly *sold as* "gettin' the po' folks kids out of the failing ghetto schools". When Wisconsin expanded it's voucher programs, there was an article in the paper about a family that used it to send their daughter to a religious school. They were prepared to pay the tuition themselves, but applied for a voucher and got it. Tell me how that got a poor kid out of a ghetto school?
We need some atheists and the Church of Satan to set up schools to see how much non-discrimination there is.....
&gt; ...but our rights really have been under attack... While my physical body has been under attack.....
And the cycle continues....
The NRA keeps saying the first steps should be keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill. Seeing as how the mentally ill A. Half the time don't recognize they are ill, and B. half the time refuse to get help; then how are you going to keep guns away from the mentally ill? This strikes me as a reasonable way to achieve that goal. I have a cousin who certainly should not have guns, I also have a friend who, if you read his internet postings, should not have guns. How else are we gong to stop these crazies from getting guns?
&gt; those gun owners are idiots who shouldn't own guns I fully agree.
Not to mention the pressure required to hold that much moisture in the air before the rain would have raised temperatures to "poach"
Looks like prison wasn't kind to Mr. Hovind.
I once had a creationist apologetic tell me that Hovind's alma mater, "Patriot University" was a "distinguished academic institution".
Maggot FTFY
I don't see why he ties a tax on speculative transaction to college education. Just tax speculative transactions - 50% of income from all trades done round trip within a week - ie, bought on a Tuesday, sold that following Friday. The conservatives would say "Whoa!, why would anybody work harder if they are going to be taxed like that! Laffer curve!" But in reality it is just a computer that has been given instructions making the trades. There's still plenty of leverage of the computer programmer's time. Free college is a worthy idea - but don't tie it to this tax.
I think the correct Trump signal would be a muskrat.
&gt; You can't buy a guy as an illinois resident in Indiana or Wisconsin if you don't have a license to purchase in Illinois.... Just go to a gun show, ask around who isn't an FFL, ask the non-FFL sellers if there's no questions asked, and get your gun.
[Cow Tools](http://agonist.org/cow_tools_revisiting_a_comic_masterpiece/)
In 1972, two buddies and I were riding our bicycles from San Jose to Malibu. After a night of camping at Pinnacles Nat'l Monument (now a Nat'l Park) we got up real early because we had a long hot day ahead of us. It was just starting to show where the sun would be rising when we left the park, and the road goes out through a valley. We started hearing noises on the hillsides above us. The noise could only be described as half machine, half animal. We all started pedaling a little faster, and we kept hearing it, but none of us said anything. We just kept incrementing our speed up a little faster, a little faster, until we were practically sprinting the hell out of there. We got to the junction with the highway, didn't bother with the stop sign and headed south, still close to sprinting speed. After a little while, we took a break at the top of a hill, and then we all confirmed we had heard it, noted how freaky it was, and that was the end of it.
Protecting 'Murica from Terrists!!
I think discourse began sinking to new lows when: 1. Morton Downey Jr. would yell "pablum puker" at any notion that was liberal on his show. 2. Reagan would make statements that , while on the face were true to some degree, completely misrepresented the situation, such as "trees cause pollution". 4. Rush Limbaugh started the "us vs. them" meme in full force, while playing loose with the facts. However, most people recognized him as the blowhard he is. 5. Sean Hannity packaged his slanderous use of "facts" with his alter-boy persona to make it respectable. Combine that with journalists afraid to call out the bullshit because they would be denied access and media companies with no sense of social responsibility but only a concern for the bottom line, and that's why American politics has descended into the Trump gutter.
&gt; That had been true since the beginning in Sacramento when Reagan was inaugurated as governor at midnight because, it was reported, that was the hour this woman set after perusing the zodiac. I remember there were reports at the time that the midnight swearing in was done because he feared "the communists" would disrupt the inauguration.
There's also the psychic income of working at a university in a generally relaxed atmosphere and the opportunity to teach a new generation of young people the things you know. Some people value those things over the almighty buck.
The problem it's one of those "give them an inch, they'll take a mile". Next thing you know the teachers will be "saying a little prayer".
The principal is everybody's PAL!
&gt; By driving religion out of the public sector entirely, that would be tantamount to favoring atheism. No, the government should not take a stand either favoring theism or favoring atheism or opposing either. The government should not concern itself with such matters.
If we sent in a bunch of Black Lives Matter protesters to join forces with the Militia types against the "evil gubmint", the militia guys would probably blow their own brains out at the sight of the BLM folks walking up to the building. Problem solved.
&gt;from land he perfectly legally held The government cancelled his grazing rights lease, Bundy hadn't paid his grazing fees, Bundy was just a moochin' welfare queeen rancher.
&gt; They're hypocrites and terrorists. I would say anarchists.
The term 'ammosexual' does pretty accurately describes them with one word.
Pick cotton? Seriously? They have machines for that these days, Mr. Bundy......
&gt; Bonus points if they have to walk past an embarrassing banner or something. You mean like "Mission Accomplished"? /s
But for these guys, weapons are their sexual outlet.
There is a lot of BS coming from the government. But these are definitely not the replacements we are looking for.
The Sovereign Citizen and Posse Comitatus movements are self styled constitutional experts who couldn't get a job teaching the constitution to kindergartners. Their theories are largely designed to back up an anti-tax slant, many of them are tax protesters who claim the IRS doesn't have authority to tax them. Yes, they are stupid fucking hicks, and unfortunately they tend to fuck without birth control, so they are reproducing.
No, double jeopardy is when the government tries you a first time, and you are found not guilty, the government can't prosecute you again a second time for the same crime.
and it's mostly a rest stop for birds.....
The building is on winter hours 8-4 Mon-Thursday, 8-3 on Fridays. One report I read said there are only 12 militia types in the building, a report that came from a woman who is a sympathizer who brought them food. I'm tempted to call the building and ask them WTF is going on?
They bring their open-carry weapons to BUrns, OR to intimidate the locals.
He was often considered the first "black" president. Google it.
Suggest you read up on the [Endorsement Test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endorsement_test) &gt;I fail to see how those passing references violate anyone's ability to embrace whatever religious or non-religious beliefs they choose to in the U.S. It doesn't infringe upon the ability of strong willed people to make their own religious choices, but it is often used by supporters of the favored religion a evidence of the superiority of said religion. Weak willed people will accept this as proof of the virtue of that religion. I believe Sandra Day O'Connor put it best in [Lynch v. Donnelly](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynch_v._Donnelly): "The Establishment Clause prohibits government from making adherence to a religion relevant in any way to a person's standing in the political community. Government can run afoul of that prohibition in two principal ways. One is excessive entanglement with religious institutions ...The second and more direct infringement is government endorsement or disapproval of religion. Endorsement sends a message to nonadherents that they are outsiders, not full members of the political community, and an accompanying message to adherents that they are insiders, favored members of the political community." &gt;how does a general reference to God infringe It infringes upon atheists in a society where the government isn't supposed to endorse any sets of religious beliefs. &gt;It's the moral principles that underpin those religious references which have made the U.S. what is once was and could be again... The"moral principles" are fairly universal and not the result of "one true religion's" particular enlightened dogma. I read a wonderful analogy a while ago. It goes like this- The founding fathers of our country created a wonderful societal stew. It consisted of an economic framework for business to be transacted, a governmental framework for the proper regulation, development and defense of the country, and an educational framework of free public education all as part of creating a nourishing stew to grow communities and our country. However, there were those who insisted upon spicing up the stew with seasonings. Many wanted to season the communal stew pot with a heavy dose of salt. Others preferred a lighter dose of salt, some wanted pepper, others preferred paprika instead of salt. Some preferred to have no salt or seasonings at all. Those who wanted the heavy dose of salt kept on trying to sneak it into the communal stew pot. This led to many disagreements and arguing, during which the communal kettle of stew was ignored and the stew was overcooked and burned, ruining much of it. The remainder was ladled out into individual bowls, and each person was allowed to season their bowl as they wanted, or not season it at all. Everyone was nourished by it, and everyone got the taste of stew they wanted that way. Everyone can contribute to and get the benefits of our communal stew pot. But leave the seasoning out and let everybody spice their own bowl of stew as they please - otherwise it leads to too much disagreement.
A lot of federal actions are covered under the general welfare clause - Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: "The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;" "General welfare" can be pretty much anything Congress deems to be worthy.
Upvote for "Yeehawdists"
A lot of federal actions are covered under the general welfare clause - Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: "The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;" "General welfare" can be pretty much anything Congress deems to be worthy.
&gt; arson that did less than $1000 in damages I know a lot of that area is sagebrush, but I suspect they did more than $1000 in damages when burning 140 acres.
Throwing temper tantrums and waving your guns around because you think you need to project a bigger dick is being peaceful.
&gt; so we can afford a slower more measured approach. You don't want to give them time to accumulate arms and supplies.
&gt; The militiamen didn't show up until the BLM rode up in MRAPS and beat the family tazering and assaulting them. Bullshit.
More like "wanting the government to give them something for free by brandishing arms" vs. "protesting black people being killed with impunity"
&gt; This leaves the people living there in a very strange position where they have basically no opportunities to make a living from the land. They have been given opportunities to make a living off the land - at very cheap below market rental rates. Our collective values have changed, and we value portions of the landscape for wilderness, wildlife habitat, or open space. So the collectively owned land is now re-purposed for that. Same thing happens in urban and suburban America - the city wants a developer put up a shopping mall? They'll use eminent domain to take land that *you actually own, not rent.*
Well, maybe a half dozen!
The sentence was probably under appeal by the prosecutor all that time, so it wasn't like the possibility of more time wasn't sprung on them after they got out of jail.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Hunted meats are very rare on the market. For example, here in Wisconsin, deer season is only a short period of time. Most of the places that process the meat do not get the state certification and inspections to sell the meat, they only return to you the meat from the carcass you brought in. I doubt that the market would develop more, due to the meat processors not knowing how long a carcass had taken from being on the hoof to being delivered to the plant, and the cost of hunted meat. Further, here in Wisconsin, chronic wasting disease has infected the deer herd, so that raises more issues that have to be dealt with.
&gt; From their point of view, the case has no merit and they believe the men are innocent. They are not the trier of fact. The court found them guilty. &gt;but they have not harmed anyone, or anyones' personal property as of yet. They are waving their guns around as an intimidation campaign. &gt;Lastly, since when is protesting treason? When they call for overthrowing the government. &gt;Please, be less quick to spread this hateful nonsense. Can't you see they are spreading hateful nonsense?
I favor the approach where we send a bunch of armed Black Lives Matter folks in to join with them. The yeehawdists* would probably commit suicide first. * tip of the hat to u/ChronosFT for the first place I saw the term.
The old "how come there are no transitional fossils?" trick. Yes there are transitional fossils. Some evolutionary lineages are fairly complete. But there are a lot that we just haven't found yet. I'm amazed that scientists can find as many fossils as they can, because conditions have to be reasonably favorable for them to form. Much less they get buried under layers of rock, which makes it exponentially harder to find them. We see the transitions in so may other lineages, why should we expect there to be no more transitional fossils in our lineage? We just haven't found them yet. Evolution provides a theory that allows for predictions of outcomes, and those predictions have been found to be true. Now were are supposed to accept the christian's special pleading that it didn't work for humans?
When Occupy took over that park in New York, it was sort of on the basis that it was a public forum. When they tried to shut down the shipping in and out of the Port of Oakland, the police reacted and removed them. The wildlife refuge HQ is not a public forum. IIRR, aside from the Oakland protesters (whom I agree went too far) Occupy did not use the direct threat of violence to further their cause. The Bundys are almost solely using violence or the threat thereof to promote their cause.
It's not the friend to a friend sales that are the biggest problem. It's the no questions asked sale between people who don't know each other. Requiring background checks for all sales makes the law very enforceable - cops can just go undercover and make one buy without the background check to lay charges. Right now, they would have to do a lot more investigation - probably 50 to 100 times the man hours - to establish that someone is truly engaged in the business of selling guns.
49% of the guns came from out of state. It would be interesting to see what percent of guns recovered in Chicago were actually initially sold in Chicago. &gt;Chicago (or, more specificially, a very few communities in Chicago)) with stricter gun control continues to have problems despite the multitude of gun control laws that they've tried. And all that gun control seems to have an effect on [reducing the murder rate below other comparable urban areas](http://www.parentsagainstgunviolence.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Chicago-all-1024x621.jpg)
&gt; Dealers licenses are required when selling multiple firearms repetitively. If the sellers follow the law. It's been demonstrated that sellers who claim they "aren't engaged in the business" (and thus don't need an FFL) show up a multiple gun shows. Not engaged in the business? Riiiiiight.......
&gt; Because that's 100% false. No, it's 100% bullshit.
The NRA needs to keep the "mental health" excuse as a distraction....
&gt;Your average urban motorist is far, far more willing to murder someone with their car to avoid a few seconds of delay than the government is to arrest a white protester. Hmmmm....maybe we could arrange for a temporary detour of a US highway right through the wildlife refuge.......
Need to pass a law real fast that occupying a federal building is a crime, with a sentence of minimum 1 year for each day occupied. Could be justified on the basis of all the money spent to deal with them.
How about a scratchy recording of Judy Garland singing "Over the Rainbow" repeatedly? Or maybe that scene from [PeeWee's Big Adventure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoJrjjy0WeU) where he annoys the fuck out of everybody, played at jet engine decibel volume?
&gt; Should we start dropping JDAMs and Hellfires on them? No. Don't we have some new weapons we could test on them?
But they forgot their snacks!
&gt; the fact that they are not posing an imminent threat to anyone. But if we don't put a stop to this nonsense, they will be back and be an imminent threat someplace else.
So it's "We know you're sick, but we'll let you keep your destructive weapon." That is just as bad. No easy solution. That's why California's law to allow relatives to report people who shouldn't have weapons to authorities for a hearing is a good idea - it's not the gun owner who has to turn themselves in, other observers can.
Well, I guess you have to draw a line someplace......
It was snacks they forgot to bring and asked for on Twitter. I hope they at least remembered to bring their blankies for their naptime.
KERMIT! PUT THE CUP DOWN!!
This is actually very true - in Yosemite, bear human conflicts are down by 85%, and there's been a corresponding drop in property damage to cars. Further, it has changed the whole bear/human dynamic. Bears know they can't get food from backpackers out on the trail because they use bear canisters. So they rarely bother the backpackers, and if they do, they aren't aggressive, the are timid and can easily be scared away. I hiked the 211 mile John Muir Trail 2013-2015. Did not see a single bear on the trail. Only saw one 25 minutes after finishing my 2014 segment at the trailhead at Road's End in King's Canyon - 15 miles off the trail.
PLUS a $25 bag fee
Time for the Satanic Church to distribute literature!
&gt; Yeah but Romney never really seemed like a person Corporations like Romney are people too!
How tough could it be? Sarah Palin got one.
Is that allowed in the rules?
My business sells road salt. I've been down in a couple of salt mines in the US. Unless the lift stopped in the middle, it's no biggie. It's still kind of no biggie if it does stop in mid-lift or descent, because they have an open top that you can easily drop down a man-basket to winch the miners up one at a time. Even if it stopped at the bottom, all modern mines in the US have a second way out, usually done through a ventilation shaft. It's only if the miners are in a location underground where a collapse could isolat them from both shafts that it would be a problem. The biggest deposit of salt runs from Hutchinson,KS to Carlsbad NM. It's a mix of salt, gypsum, potash (potassium chloride) and other chlorides in trace amounts. It varies in thickness, some places as much as 500 feet thick, but the road salt mines in Kansas only mine out a layer of 10-15 feet thick, because that's the only strata that is pure enough to meet the purity level required for road salt (95% pure).
Didn't know that.
I used the TCPA to sue some junk faxers (TravelComm,etc.) back around 2004 but didn't collect. Are you having any success collecting from the travel faxers?
Many commercial insurance policies have riders that exclude coverage for TCPA violations.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
"Hot damn! Just moved up a position!" thought most of the others...
Only if you speak mock Swedish.
&gt;Whatever you show me &gt;I'll think I can touch &gt;So if you don't want that &gt;Then don't show me much. So it's okay for the guys to touch if she shows?
Back when personalized place first came out, I personally saw the 4 PLAY in California, and reportedly there is a TI 3VOM out there (think about it as viewed in a rear view mirror). [My all time favorite, though...](http://thestir.cafemom.com/toddler/114641/license_plate_advises_eat_the)
Buddy of mine from high school pilots for American. For a long time, was 6,000 seniority positions above a former astronaut.
Hey Donald, have you ever considered that once you've whipped the masses into a fury and they kick out the Muslims, they might come after the Jews? Remember, your daughter is Jewish......
Plot twist - It's an Icelandic restaurant owned by an Albanian.
I personally feel the Supreme Court got it right in *Roe v Wade*. In the beginning stages of pregnancy, the rights of the mother outweigh the rights of the fetus, but as time goes on, the rights of the fetus increase to being roughly equivalent to the mother. However, I look at it from some pragmatic standpoints too. In the US, depending on what specific question you ask and how it is asked, 45% to 65% of Americans since *Roe v Wade* have supported the right to choice. **Thus, we have no consensus that it is morally wrong.** Without that consensus, you have to look at the issue from hard-nosed purely public policy perspectives. These perspectives may seem cold hearted, but now we are just weighing non-moralistic pros and cons: 1. Allowing legal abortion means desperate women won't have to go to dangerous back alley abortionists, which is good. 2. From the state's perspective, allowing abortion allows women to not be burdened with children during their education years, which will allow them to be higher earning more productive members of society. 3. It is certainly cheaper, on average, for the state to allow and pay for abortions than to pay for the social services &amp; welfare benefits that single mothers need. 4. It leads to fewer unwanted children who will suffer in unloving situations. Sure, the woman can put the child up for adoption, but familial pressures may interfere with that choice. 5. Preventing childbirth prior to the mother being part of a family unit that can afford a family is one of the surest ways to prevent poverty. 6. In the event there is a late term condition that threatens the life and health of the mother, an abortion preserves the life of the woman that the state has spent a small fortune educating, preserving the states' investment in that woman. There is no point in risking an adult (or nearly-adult) woman's life for the sake of possibly trying to "save" a pre-term infant. That is why I support the absolute right of choice (except for sex selection when no sex-linked genetic conditions are involved) up through halfway through the pregnancy (roughly 18 weeks), and the right to abortion through the full term when the life or health of the mother is threatened, or there is a defect in the fetus that will render unto it a significantly impaired life. I would also have the state do measures to encourage adoptions, such as offering free health care to the mother. But overall, **I am vastly more interested in solving the problem of unplanned pregnancies than in arguing about abortion**. Studies such as the [St. Louis](https://medicine.wustl.edu/news/access-to-free-birth-control-reduces-abortion-rates/) and [Colorado](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/06/science/colorados-push-against-teenage-pregnancies-is-a-startling-success.html?_r=0) experiments have shown that providing birth control and comprehensive reproduction information will drastically reduce the number of unplanned pregnancies and reduce the number of abortions. Edit: I also want to add that I do think we lose a bit of our sense of humanity and value of life with the sheer volume of abortions that are being performed, much like a child learning the cold realities of taking excess kittens and puppies to a non-no-kill animal shelter. We humans are more than electrons whirring around proton and neutron nuclei, we have a spirit, and that spirit is damaged by unnecessary killing and violence. So spay and neuter your pets, and make sure everyone one has access to birth control. I think Planned Parenthood should change their slogan from "Every child a wanted child" to "Every pregnancy a wanted pregnancy". But after saying all that, I would never think it's any of my damn business to question the motivations of a woman seeking an abortion. Edit #2: The question of when human life begins is more philosophical than scientific. Is a 64 cell blastocyst a human? No. Is a fetus one day from being born a human? You can't say no to that. Science can tell the stage of development, but philosophy tells us if it has crossed the line to a human. Making laws based on philosophy is about the same as making laws based on religion - it's not sound government.
And in fact they are often unenforceable. Background checks? Biggest loophole in the world. It's only when background checks are required for ALL sales that it actually becomes enforceable.
Saggy pants, going down!
I like Bernie and will probably vote for him. However, he needs to create a little more excitement about his campaign. Otherwise, the media is going to ignore him. Come out with a comprehensive energy policy? The media will ignore you. A tax plan that balances the budget? Snoozefest. I don't want Bernie to Trumpify his campaign, insulting the other candidates and our intelligence. But he's got to make himself more exciting.
It's screaming "Hand me down!"
The availability of the guns to criminals.
I disagree, but what do you propose?
The US has the highest per capita gun ownership of all developed countries. We also have the highest gun death rate of all developed countries. Do you see a link? Any questions? All the stuff the NRA spouts is just to divert attention from meaningful gun control, and your response is pretty much the same.
People like myself disagree with the style of farming involved with GMO's for herbicide tolerance - spray the hell out of everything.
The spraying of Roundup on everything can be an issue for [human health.](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/roundup-ingredient-probably-carcinogenic-humans/)
In The Next Karate Kid Mr. Miyagi totally deflates an attacker by blowing on him. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATqYqCaYMpc (crappy quality video of the movie on a TV screen, but it gets the point across) I think showing your friend that scene will emphasize that a lot of the show at church is psychological - and she just may have been "blown down" by the pastor.
No, he got the gun from the guy who buys 5 guns a month legally. Or from the guy at the gun show who claims he isn't "engaged in the business" of selling firearms, so he doesn't do background checks and doesn't ask questions.
Then each neighborhood needs a turret gun that automatically detects hacked turrets in the individual stores, and sends a 6 inch shell to blow up the rogue turret guns. The only thing to stop a bad turret gun is a good turret gun.
Don't be so culturally insensitive. They are *urban folks.*
&gt;[Handguns].. cannot be legally sold in any context, even non-dealer to non-dealer, without a background check. Yes, even at gun shows. Bullshit. [Scroll down for map of states and what they allow](http://www.governing.com/gov-data/safety-justice/gun-show-firearms-bankground-checks-state-laws-map.html)
Peter, Paul, and Mary for me.
And then they cut the amount of general fund money that goes to schools. Scientific Games, the company that makes the scratch off tickets lobbied for lotteries in many states, picking the current underfunded government aspect and "sold" the legislatures and the public that it would solve those problems. In California, it was schools. In Wisconsin, it was property tax relief. There's only so many dollars in an economy. Spending them to buy scratch off tickets so they loottery can give half of it back isn't an efficient way to tax. Republicans like the lottery because it's not taxing rich folk or corporations. The net economic effect though is awful, especially these million dollar payouts - it takes money away from poor people, who have a very high utility for that money (improving diet, education or housing, for example) and gives a good chunk of it to people who now have so much money, their utility of the extra money is now pretty low. The overall utility of the economy declines. We also have to deal with the side effects - the only two employees I've fired were because they were taking cash out of the till - and both were lottery players.
Sure it's positive on average, just like on average you can wade across the San Francisco Bay because it's average depth is only 3 feet. But you have to be that insanely lucky person in order for it to be a positive outcome, and you will not get enough chances or enough of a grubstake to play it enough times over your life in order to achieve that positive expected value. For 99.999999% of the players, it will be a financial negative.
Not sure this is the Supreme Court you want to bring this issue to.
Perfect match - a mediocre team for a mediocre city.
I can see the NRA coming up with the slogan "Black Guns Matter!"
Wasn't there a discrepancy in the number of boars that came rushing down the hill?
When I pay my Chase credit card, the money is withdrawn from my Chase checking account instantaneously, but is not credited to the credit card until the following day. Chase says it's because the checking account is actually Chase - Wisconsin, but the credit card is Chase - South Dakota.
Somebody has to make a profit on everything in MURICA
How thoughtful! Without any good looking women out there, they are surely sticking their guns up their asses.
Uhhh...[it wasn't bears.....](http://dicksbymail.com/?gclid=COnHkMPdqcoCFYEsHwod-FsGZw)
I think my blood sugar level just climbed 100 points, yeeech! Well, actually it's probably my blood saccharin level.....
This is a version of Christine McConnell that I could get into.
I married a gal who wasn't quite honest with me about how much of a believer she was. I helped her when she became youth leader at her church (I didn't go to church at all), but her mother and her minister kept on telling her she had to leave me, because I was not a believer. Finally she started saying I was a sinner, and I just wasn't going to put up with that crap. 33 year marriage, now over. (There were other issues, I wasn't the perfect attentive hubby, but the whole religion thing became a big problem.) You might have a chance to dodge a bullet here.
If they had sugar free ones, that would be perfect.
That's just NRA shills. They seemed to have been told not to comment on the Oregon situtation.
The problems were: * The buyers of homes were lulled into thinking that real estate values would always go up, so they kept bidding homes prices beyond what local market could actually afford * The mortgage brokers were incentivized to push as many mortgages as they could, since they got their fees up front, and nothing bad happened to them when the loans defaulted * The bankers packaging the loans were incentivized to shove the crappy ones onto the market and keep the better ones for themselves, or sell them all to make a buck for this quarter's earnings. * The ratings agencies were incentivized to put high ratings on the loan packages in order to earn more ratings business for the fees they got. * The buyers of the CDO's, MBS's etc. weren't smart enough to recognize what was happening in the market, and were misled by the inflated ratings. Another point - some people like to blame the Community Reinvestment Act (with not too subtle undertones of "they shouldn't have lent to darkeys") but that was not the problem. The biggest problem was from mortgage brokers, who aren't subject to the CRA who were doing liar loans, ARM's and interest only loans, and the problem was largely ex-urban (McMansions out in the country) and people who thought they could make money flipping houses. Unwinding the problem got a lot more difficult because the mortgages had been sliced and diced into tranches of riskiness, so there may have been multiple holders of the mortgages.
Obama let guns onto Amtrak trains and into National Parks. So which party support gun rights?
Here is a simiple question you need to ask yourself- The Christian God committed genocide, encouraged the rape of women, the killing of disobedient children. Not to mention drowning millions of innocent baby animals in The Flood - because he was p.o.'ed at the humans for not following him, a fairly vain justification for his actions. These are moral standards that we mere mortals of today find repugnant. So why would you worship a god who doesn't meet the moral standards we humans hold each other to? Hasn't our human society evolved to be better than that described in the bible?
&gt; as a way to "combat" godless communism. And it worked! Just 34 years later the Soviet Union collapsed!
Many of those "less energy than it takes to produce" studies were done badly. For example, the first studies didn't even give any credit to the byproduct distiller's grains. Others studies had trouble establishing an energy value for distillers grains, because the input is a starch with calories for feed, while the distiller's grains output is mostly a protein. Also, the assumption was made that additional corn would be grown on marginal corn land. I haven't seen any evidence of this. The plants have gotten more efficient. Generally, a plant can hit 1.5 - 1.75 energy output to input ratio if they dry the distiller's grain for shipment. If they don't and feed it locally, it's not hard to hit 2.0 output to input ratio. Biodiesel is better, with generally around a 4-5 output to input ratio. However, neither is all that great. We need to have around a EROEI (energy returned on energy invested) of [around 10 to avoid the energy cliff](https://search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?p=energy+cliff&amp;ei=UTF-8&amp;hspart=mozilla&amp;hsimp=yhs-001) The energy cliff represent the point where the EROEI gets so low that we become "energy slaves", expending all of our effort to gather the energy to maintain society as we know it.
In the US, virtually all ethanol is made from corn. In Brazil, it's almost all made from sugar byproducts. The blended ratio is just the percentage of ethanol - most highway fuel in the US is 10% ethanol, E85 is 85% ethanol.
If they missed the hot dog stand, they'd have a pretty good chance of hitting the Pentagon. And the rest of the DC metro area.....
The hot dog stand in the middle of the Pentagon would be Mustard's Last Stand.
Who the hell exercises in 90-100 degree (F) temperatures with 80-90% humidity? That's when this thing performs the best.
&gt; 90% of them are like kids who want to bring their toys to school. And 99% are a little off kilter. Any place becomes more dangerous when these guys walk in.
With high potency to provide prostate support.
But the cop was a good guy with a gun. Surely he would have stopped this crime.
Actually you are pretty close. The edges of the brick have a higher surface area to volume ratio than the center portions of the brick. Therefore, the edges cool down faster, center stay warmer longer.
Half the time the reason for this is so people don't rock the machines back and forth and then have them tilt over onto themselves, killing them.
Maybe it's a [potato bug.](http://potatobugs.com/)
Can I get the tin foil concession for your neighborhood?
Buddy of mine has a machine business that makes cam parts for VW. VW built a plant in China, the Chinese required 50% of the cams be manufactured there. All the sudden my buddy got an order for 100% of the cams to come from him. The Chinese just couldn't produce a quality cam, and VW got an exemption from the 50% rule.
And partly because we have the land. But we also subsidize cotton production, and subsidize the water used to grow a very thirsty plant in the dry environment it grows in.
And that is why the flight from Austin to San Jose is called "The Nerd Bird".
Even though it's his favorite book, he doesn't know it's "Second Corinthians" instead of "two Corinthians"? Maybe I Corinthians is really "I (pronounced "eye") Corinthians"
Farms and ranches are businesses, not some magical place that has to be protected from the realities of the rest of the world.
If the capital takes flight, returns would be increased to the capital that remains. Then capital comes back and the returns would drop.
Stop being an apologetic for the liar. If it's his favorite book, he should at least know that it's "First" and "Second" Corinthians.
In the US, [43% of the salt produced](http://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/road-salt-winters-2-3-billion-game-changer-n308416) is used for road salt.
A little over a year ago.
I've said this campaign is gong like the last one - the republicans will have their "crazy favorite of the week" such as Cain, Gingrich, Perry, Santorum, Etc. and then settle down with the only one who has a realistic chance - Romney. This time it's Trump, Cruz, Carson as the crazy favorites of the week (although Trump has lasted quite a while) and then they will settle down and nominate Kasich.
Probably had Ms. Staff teach her PE classes
The phone book is definitely dying. Years ago, they were really aggressive about getting my business to advertise in the Yellow Pages, and the ads I bought were $400 per month. I've cut back a bit, but it's only $100 per month now, and the book is this pathetically skinny thing that couldn't be used to whap a spider anymore.
You mean he plays the bassoon?
Aren't some of the buildings employee housing? If so, where were the employees at the time it was occupied?
Heck, the Hammonds paid a $400,000 fine with restitution.
There's also [Minuteman Missile National Historic Site](http://www.nps.gov/mimi/index.htm) near the Badlands in South Dakota
Fun Fact: The state tree of North Dakota is the Telephone Pole!
&gt;but that doesn't mean there wasn't a good reason to push Saddam out of Kuwait. There wasn't a good reason for our ambassador to imply to Saddam that there would be no consequences if he did invade Kuwait.
&gt;And she fooled me very well. I thought the way she cried was way too forced, and was suspicious of the whole thing. Besides, why would soldiers do that? They have better targets to work on instead of taking babies out of incubators.
What's gong on with methane emissions from thawing Arctic regions?
Some curler smashes the helmet of the football guy with a curling stone. Might be worth it.
Thank you Koch Industries Social Media Team Member #34926
Where are we going to get the capital to adapt? Sure, they might be farming cotton in South Dakota in the future, but all those people with farmland south of there are going to be screwed, and an infrastructure has to be developed for all the crops. Cheaper to stop it now, while we can.
Not too many widows and orphans own stock in Dish.
No, they got it right. It's Tusla, [Amercia](http://www.cnn.com/2012/05/30/tech/mobile/amercia-romney-iphone-app/)
Or when they say "The Cubs have won 6 of their last 8 games", when obviously they also only won 6 of their last 9 games.
I'll help you out, OP. It says "I love puppies"
Then the monkey [would not be able to copyright the picture](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/01/07/462245189/federal-judge-says-monkey-cant-own-copyright-to-his-selfie)
I don't give a damn about what others are saying - great picture, I hope you have a big glossy of it hanging on your wall. However, I am concerned about your firemaking habits - need a clear area around the fire.
But the boss has to make "reasonable accommodation" for the employee's religious practices. Once a week for a couple of hours reasonable? Is making an offering to the porcelain god a religious practice? That's for the courts to decide.
And people seem to have forgotten NSFL is for gif's like this, not NSFW.
This could be a pretty effective crime fighting tool. Just have the phone numbers of all the sheep farmers in the area at dispatch. "Hello" *"Hey Tom, police dispatch here. Could you get your flock on the road in about three minutes? We've got a chase going on and need to stop it. We'll pay for any sheep killed or injured"* "Sure. Big car or small car?" *"It's an SUV"* "Okay, I'll get the Targhees out there. Bye."
I'm waiting for Trump to quote from I Corinthians: *"Just like it says in Eye Corinthians..."*
Now can you imagine what would have happened if there were a bunch of carriers in the theater? Shots flying everywhere, multiple people dead.
I always appreciate the opening remarks the professor made on the first day to my freshman microeconomics class- "In order to study microeconomics, we have to **assume** that market participants behave rationally."
No, that's a muskrat on his head.
A market participant may make choices that to an observer don't appear to be the objectively correct choice all the time. The participant may just have different values, and thus earns his psychic income in different ways. But that participant can still be considered behaving rationally within his world.
&gt;the justice system should be about justice, not vengeance I think your looking more for "solving the problem" rather than 'seeking justice', which in our current context is more like vengeance.
Roger!
Without a sextant, it would be close to useless, and it would be so infrequently useful that carrying around a sextant would just be another dead weight on their backs.
Thanks for the simple explanation. I would have spent the whole day brain cramping trying to figure it out.
Orange is the new scalar fruit, but is not subject to sexual innuendo.
&gt; fucking ground hogs. Hey, show some respect for those weather prognosticators, the silent sentinels of storms, standing tall on the prairies, vales, and hills who selflessly arouse themselves from their deep slumber just to predict the weather for you.
As an example, during WWII, the Allies would figure out if they were successful in bombing rail lines by keeping tabs on the prices of vegetables that would come from that region.
This is what's allowed on Saturdays. If it was posted any other day, it'd be zapped so fast.
This Geological Survey is in reference to the Pueblo Mountains, the range to the south of the Steen Mountains, which is where I believe the Hammond ranch is.
It may be that the Heinz is too thick to put through a pump.
In Wisconsin, I haven't figured out all the rules about U-turns yet, and I've lived here 29 years. But eating ice cream while doing lots of dangerous driving stuff grants immunity from prosecution.
I'm sure he pulled his pants up responsibly.
I'm in. Medium rare, please. Need me to bring a grill?
The Hammonds ended up paying $400,000 in fines and restitution, so they might actually have some money from welfare ranching.
Shoot their pickup trucks in the tires and radiators.
I have to question the whole fundraising thing. He raised 100,000 pounds, but how much did it cost to do the trip?
I thought he was aiming for the ear. IIRR there was an episode of Dougie Howser where he slaps some bully simultaneously on both ears and takes him down due too some effect, not sure if it is a real effect or just some BS.
Going to go full squirrel on you here - the image of flying white horse brought back an old memory from the early '60's - Phillips 66 gas stations used the image white horse. I wonder if they used it to appease the Arabs? At the same time, I thought Phillips primarily got it's oil from the US. Yeah, that was a full squirrel thought....
&gt; Well, most gun owners probably don't tuck the fucking thing in their waistband either. We can hope that nature will take it's course and prevent this guy from reproducing through a self inflicted wound.
Well, you have to remember that Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols certainly held the same beliefs that the militias hold, and may have hung out with militia types, which certainly gives the organizations a black eye.
Awwww, the poor widdle Trumpy is scared of the girl......
Not to mention he spews out of his wherever....
Question for those in the know here- Back inthe late 1970's (and I believe into the early '80's), ARCO sold an oil with graphite particles in it. It came out black from the jug when pouring it into the engine. The idea was to reduce friction. Does anybody know why they stopped selling it? Was it a technical reason?
The yeehawdists won't believe anything even if there is footage.
I think people sent them plenty of gummy dicks.
&gt; there's only one trump. But there's a whole assorted crowd of other idiots in that race.
Stupid as Timothy McVeigh - he was pulled over for no license plate.
When the FBI encouraged the New York Times and the Washington Post to publish the Unabomber's Manifesto, they had agents watching *every* newsstand that sold those papers in the Bay Area that day. They ain't dumb. CORRECTION/EDIT: I got one part wrong - the New York Times and Washington Post agreed to jointly publish the Manifesto, but only the WaPo put it in their newspaper (NYT helped pay for it). The FBI agonized over the decision to ask the newspapers to publish, but in the end decided to. See this [NYT article](https://partners.nytimes.com/library/national/050598unabomb-evidence.html) Excerpt: "The Washington Post printed the manifesto on Sept. 19, 1995. Agents staked out the two San Francisco newsstands that carried the paper. When an unkempt-looking man bought the paper, the agents followed, trailing him to a small apartment in a San Francisco suburb. Their hopes dissolved when they learned he was a writer who had been already investigated and eliminated." The Oakland Tribune published the manifesto three days later for wider distribution, without being requested by the authorities.
Were they caught with dildos up their asses?
Have they lost any of their bounce?
Where would the Watergate conspiracy fall in this study?
He was in Montana - but in fact the prosecution conceded that one of the bombs was mailed from California on a day that he had a pretty good alibi for being in Montana - IIRR, he had a bank deposit slip in MT that day. And that bomb had a partial fingerprint that didn't match Kaczynski. However, before he was revealed by his brother, he was known to have ties to the Bay Area, and they thought he might have been still in the area.
Think about it - not that many newstands in the Bay Area would carry the NYT and/or WaPo. Maybe 50 total? Not hard to gather enough agents from the West Coast to pull that off.
Okay, I had to google this to find the reference. I'll have to rent that one....
They had a [sketch of a possible suspect from a Salt Lake City bombing.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Kaczynski#/media/File:Unabomber-sketch.png)
As I stated before, [they had a sketch of a possible suspect from the Salt Lake City bombing.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Kaczynski#/media/File:Unabomber-sketch.png)
Google "where to buy the New York Times in San Francisco" and you come up with 13 places. Add some for Oakland, San Jose, Marin and Contra Costa Counties, and a bunch in Silicon Valley. Okay, so maybe 75 places. Still very doable with the agents on the West Coast.
Google "where to buy the New York Times in San Francisco" - it comes up with 13 locations.
It what's in [Wikipedia as the reason why he was stopped.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_McVeigh#Arrest.2C_trial.2C_conviction_and_sentencing)
See my [correction/edit](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/42v7sj/leader_of_oregon_occupation_ammon_bundy_three/czdh80o)
Cyprus? No, that's a country on an island in the Mediterranean Sea.
See my [correction/edit](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/42v7sj/leader_of_oregon_occupation_ammon_bundy_three/czdh80o)
Can somebody tell me the caucus procedure? Doesn't a candidate have to have a minimum percent at any individual caucus in order for it to count? So would O'Malley supporters likely throw in with the Sanders if they don't meet the minimum percentage?
How many standard deviations does the margin of error represent? If it is two standard deviations, the probability that Hillary has greater support [is less than 2.2%](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_deviation) Assuming a fair poll, of course (which is almost impossible).
Thanks for that. So it's the minimum percentage to get a delegate, not a fixed percentage. But if it averages out to around 15%, then the O'Malley people probably aren't going to get much out of it.
Uzbeka-beka-beka-bekastan!
You're thinking of the [Shakers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakers) not the Quakers. I know, I know, Shake or Quake? What's the diff?
And here i thought homosexuality was supposed to destroy America. I was wrong, I guess.
Ah, yes, in America we sell bullets to civilians that are [banned in warfare](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expanding_bullet#International_law) (Yes, I understand there can be a purpose to them while hunting, but I just find it ironic.)
&gt;72 virgin snacks. They don't need any virgin snacks, they're satisfied and happy with the gummy dicks they got.
Good thing you're standing up for the Constitution and resisting the tyranny and oppression of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for banning those lawn darts.
Or it could be the black ones retained more heat from when it was last sunny.
If it was sunny up until 15 minutes before the snow started, the black ones would be absorbing more heat and would have retained more. The temperature my be close enough to the freezing point that this made the difference in melting pattern.
I've wondered if the reason why they blank out the information about he aircraft on the video is because it was a military drone, which then gets into possibly being illegal. Maybe the FBI has it's own drones, maybe it doesn't.
&gt; Is something being against the law the only standard by which it may be judged? Not the only standard, but it's a good place to start. Otherwise, if you want those with the biggest bang bangs to rule, you're an anarchist.
Yeah, the shadows were all wrong.
Not to mentioned because he was male, he wasn't considered desirable as the females, and may have been forced out of the community in order to maintain the breedable females/single male ratio correct.
Because facts are 90% liberal.
Because facts are left leaning.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
If a severance contract has a non-disparagement clause, the employees should publicly demonstrate and make statements to the press saying "Our company is certainly brilliant in looking out for stockholders! They are saving every penny they can for future investments!"
Jewish buddy of mine, 35 years ago at the first day of class in the Tech Institute of Northwestern: "Chang" "Here" "Chang" "Here" "Cheng" "Here" "Chaing" "Here" "Nudelman, pronounced 'Chang'" Yes, the professor actually said that.
When waterparks in Wisconsin Dells are bringing in foreign workers for the summer season, you know there's a lot of abuse going on.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Now that's not very nice.....
With a duPont overhaul and "good rubber".
Elections are won in the middle. While I'm a Bernie fan, I have some time before my primary comes around to decide who to vote for strategically.
I think there's something in One Corinthians about that. Or is it Aye Corinthians?
So you want to rule by bullet instead of ballot? Count me out then.....we haven't reached a truly oppressive state yet, and there is still time to cause change without resorting to violence.
Also, the right of putting initiatives on the ballot is important. We should all have the right to write our own laws when the legislature is unresponsive.
&gt; .ya done fucked up sir. no, he didn't fuck up - or down
&gt;When the government is literally executing people in the streets In most cases it's not the government murdering people, it's bad cops who are murdering people. The government agencies are not sanctioning these killings.
And....you can participate if you will turn 18 by the November election.
How about declaring the inability of people to form healthy relationships with other people a public health crisis and work on that? That's the problem, porn is just a symptom of it.
Well, by the size of the planes you can tell who is obviously more important.
It's important to differentiate between the *Sequoia Gigantea* of Sequoia National Park (the trees with very large diameters) vs. the *Sequoia Sempervirens* of Redwood National Park (and other northern California coastal areas, which are the tallest trees in the world.
Yup. The bark is fire resistant. Not fire proof, but resistant.
No, the US Constitution is [exactly the reason why you can burn a US flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_v._Johnson).
&gt; lawful Americans just going about their constitutional right to political assembly in peace, Were they eating apple pie and kissing their mothers at the same time?
&gt; when you need a ride to 2 am. There's time travel?
What is the difference between the VFW burning worn out retired flags (as specified in the Flag Code) and a protestor burning a flag? What they are thinking. And if you want to make burning a flag illegal, then you want to police thoughtcrime. Welcome to 1984.
When our local city was going to do a street modernization project, several large mature trees were going to be cut down. I talked to a couple of city council members about a policy of planting more trees so there would be no net loss of leaf area as measured after five years of growth of the new trees. It didn't go anywhere, but I'd suggest you try getting your city council to adopt such a policy.
I ran across a landscaper whose last name is Fuhrer. He named his business Fuhrer Landscaping. Maybe he's going after the Trump supporter market.....
Let me guess - it's being published by Regnery Press, the home of all the conservative hit pieces of fiction?
Saves on inventory.
&gt; Or could this be a tactic of the right? It's been [done before in San Jose](https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1299&amp;dat=19701105&amp;id=s-dLAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=L4wDAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=6414,3288294&amp;hl=en) TL;DR - Nixon during 1968 campaign swing in San Jose had his motorcade "stoned" by protestors. Reporters in the crowd did not see anything being thrown, but it was reported that way by the press corp traveling with Nixon. Nixon himself was never pulled down from the sunroof opening of the car by the Secret Service. Draw your own conclusions, but the chief of police said Nixon was never in any danger.
&gt; It's what we used to do and it worked fine. Yeah, and a bunch of guys with boxcutters got through security and hijacked planes and killed 3000 people. It worked fine!
Further, the test was done by TSA internal investigators, who know where the weak spots are.
I also smell a lot of shills for private security companies on any message thread about TSA.
Back in 1974, I was living in the Bay Area and I had a girlfriend in Visalia. There was a United flight from SFO to Visalia in the afternoon, but it stopped in Stockton, Modesto and Merced along the way. It continued on from Visalia to Bakersfield and LA. They used a 737 for this flight. Time between Stockton and Modesto was 8-9 minutes and it was 12 minutes from Modesto to Merced. They didn't have to do the oxygen mask routine for those segments, because they didn't go high enough for it to be required. Being a transportation geek, I rather enjoyed it.
Hey, somebody got it! It's so old I didn't think anybody would recognize it. Tip of the hat to ya!
Hey, been there done that, even though I was really upfront when we first started dating that I was atheist, she didn't reveal how deep she was in. After numerous years of the constant put downs for not being a believer from both her and her mother, I had it and separated. Do your part with the kids, that can be a lot of fun, despite the circumstances.
While I oppose using wild animal fur, mink farms served a real purpose in the agricultural community. Have a dead cow or other livestock? The fur feed companies would gladly come and pick it up, steam the crap out of it, and grind it up for mink feed. Have offal left over from slaughter? Yeah, they would take that too. When the mink farms were decimated by the anti-fur movement, they no longer needed the feed. Then when scrapie (a neurological disease of sheep like Cruzfeldt-Jacob Disease in humans) became an issue, the slaughterhouses would require us to take back our sheep guts and bury them on our farm, they no longer had an outlet at the mink farms. Scrapie wasn't a issue for mink, the mink weren't alive long enough for it to manifest itself. Besides those mink wouldn't of had a chance to ever be alive if it wasn't for the mink industry.
Just tying to educate people about the role mink farms play in the ag community.
The Wisconsin Department of Forestry used to have an airport in Tomahawk, WI where the runway was bisected by a railroad track that would see maybe 6 trains a day. No longer active as an airport.
Electronic Countermeasures.
But we can still tow around our howitzers, can't we? I do need it for personal protection.
"...motivated by irrational, misdirected fear and resentment of "gun culture" I'd say it's a rational fear, based on the people I've met in "gun culture".
Then sold the rights in tranches to unsuspecting investors, got Standard &amp; Poors to give it a AAA rating, made bank, default ensued, government bailout, made bank again.
It sort of does look like Trump - frilly hair and no brains.
"BEST...FAMILY...PICTURE!!" was really "It would be best if you kept your family away from this picture."
Doesn't have the second jog in the southern New Mexico border at the Rio Grande River. Also, his Bay Area could use a little work.
I'm curious if Michael Jordan's hands have three fingers and a thumb like the cartoon characters.
Sauce has to be a continuous line instead of drops if you want to make it big. Better practice some more.
We had been separated for a year, and went for a "walk and talk" on the road to see if there was some way to accomodate each other. She said I would have to become a true born again christian as a condition of getting back together. I'm atheist. As soon as she said those words, I knew that was it.
What if their conclusion was we are like pandas - so dumb about reproducing that we need instruction.
Made the leap into hyper kitty.
How macho he is.
&gt; 45k in the US die annually from lack of healthcare, So every day the health care/health insurance industry murders another 123 people. Where's the outrage from Drumpf?
It's a lot easier to control the flow of guns across the national borders where you already have limited access points and a force in place to do it, but under our current setup, impossible to control the flow across state borders.
&gt; ISIL hate our way of life, No, they hate our meddling in Arabic affairs
That time he went out on the mall in Washington he said "The bear is on the loose". So maybe he is the bear causing all those damaged vehicles.
Does this mean the NRA thinks all sales should be subject to a background check? How else would the FBI get a chance to check to see if a terrorist is trying to buy a gun? Or do they still want the gun-show loophole so terrorists can still get their weapons?
&gt; ineffective because most criminals don't buy their guns legally. And the laws are unenforceable - such as the gun show loophole. If EVERY sale required a background check, it is much easier to enforce. Right now, a vendor can claim they aren't engaged in the "business of selling firearms" so they don't need an FFL, which would then require them to do background checks. With mandatory background checks, they can't escape through that loophole.
&gt; and the hysteria over AR-15s is a tad ridiculous (it looks cool, but is no more effective than any other semi-auto rifle of the same caliber). Seemed to work pretty effectively in Orlando.
&gt; If guns caused crime or violence of any kind, we would have surely seen an increase. When Missouri relaxed its gun control laws, crime spiked. [This was one of the best studies done,](http://www.allgov.com/news/controversies/gun-murders-in-missouri-increase-after-easing-of-gun-control-laws-151223?news=858037) correcting for many corollary factors such as age, unemployment, and regional trends [And the rate of gun deaths decreases as the number of regulations increases.](https://img.njdc.com/media/media/2015/09/01/wholechart.png)
Do you have enough of a reason to own tactical nukes? Obvioulsy not, and we restrict them. It's a question of where lines should be drawn, and I think it's when a weapon's characteristics change it from being a defensive weapon to an offensive weapon - ie, firing cycle, caliber, and magazine capacity.
[Bullshit](http://www.businessinsider.com/how-bushmaster-advertised-semiautomatic-used-in-connecticut-massacre-2012-12) In the event you can't read it, the bottom text of the ad reads "If it's good enough for a professional, it's good enough for you."
&gt; owning a gun IS already regulated. Regulated, but riddled with loopholes.
&gt; there would be so many left on the black market that anyone who really wanted one could probably get it fairly easily. As Jim Jeffries points out, the black market cost of an AR-15 is now in the tens of thousands of dollars in Australia, so it wouldn't be that easy for a two bit criminal to get one.
When gun rights advocates claim they [need a gun to go to a hamburger stand](http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/restaurant-incident-reveals-confusion-over-open-carry/article_eacaa046-c571-11df-a52c-001cc4c002e0.html) or have to carry an [AR-15 at a Farmer's market](http://www.jsonline.com/news/crime/rifles-near-appleton-farmers-market-lead-to-police-debate-b9996773z1-223514231.html) or just to [go to Chipotle](http://www.burntorangereport.com/diary/15258/chipotle-bans-guns-after-dallas-open-carry-group-brings-assault-rifles-to-lunch) then sure, we are going to think they are off-kilter and shouldn't be allowed weapons.
And supposed it was your daughter or son sneaking back into the house after being out past her curfew? It's been done.....
&gt;It wasn't even an AR15. Effectively, it was the equivalent.
&gt; Orlando shooting was not with an AR, it was sig sauer mcx. Effectively the same thing.
&gt; AR is capable of neither of those. What about modifications that are perfectly legal, such as [Slide Fire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uo4kFzECXGs)?
&gt; a similar thing happened in Australia when they banned guns. Ceterus Paribus - all other things were not held equal - ie, the percentage of the population in the prime crime years of 18-25 may be increasing or other factors that lead to crime may have been changing. Australia was on an trend of increasing crime when the gun ban was put into effect, the ban is generally considered to have moderated that trend. That's why the Missouri study is so good - because it accounted for those other factors.
Bullshit, you said you would shoot them no questions asked. [And yes it has been done.](https://www.google.com/search?q=Father+shoots+daughter+sneaking+back+into+house&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8)
Your FIRST REACTION was to shoot with no questions asked. Which is precisely the problem.
First graph, upper left hand corner of your results shows an increasing trend prior to the gun ban. A lot of pro-gun people use some distorted statistics from Australia.
Houston, we have a problem.
Naw, I only use full sized nukes. The meat comes out nice and crispy and ready to eat.
Why do we even allow civilians to have armor?
Because: 1. There's a truck in the right hand lane that I'm passing. I'm not going to speed up ridiculously to pass them, but I will do my 2 mph over the speed limit to pass them. 2. A significant factor in the number of collisions is vehicles traveling at differing speeds. I'm not going to facilitate you creating risks for everybody.
There would be less congestion if everybody traveled at absolutely the same speed. Speed differentials reduce the capacity of the highway. So why don't you slow down?
Just ask them "Why do you worship a god whose own behavior doesn't meet the moral standards we mere mortals hold each other to?" That usually befuddles them.
So where do they get the charcoal from? Burning rain forest trees?
I agree with you.
Spaghetti-O's. Not even once.
Neil deGrasse Tyson so I can learn something Bernie Sanders so we can talk politics My crush from college to see if we can make a go of it.
He likes to dish it out but his followers can't take it?
But the extraction of ocean uranium would consume quite a bit of the energy you yield from it. Maybe even all of it.
The US shale production is going to collapse pretty soon. The wells have stupendous decline rates (less than 25% of initial flow within two years) and they have hit most of the sweet spots, the initial flow rates out of the latest wells is declining.
What policies? The only ones I've heard of is that he's going to build a wall and Mexico is going to pay for it, and now he's going to ban Muslims. Does he have any solutions for jobs, energy, student loans, etc. that show a little more intelligence than "build a wall and Mexico is going to pay for it".
Oooh, wow, seven positions!!! Six of which are designed to appeal to low-information white males who feel like they are being disenfranchised and squeezed out of the economy by immigrants &amp; furreners and they want to cling to their guns for protection. Along with one to undo Obamacare, which saved my small business. and kept me insured. Anything with intelligence? Showing signs of a nuanced understanding of the issues? You know what they say about small hands = small brains.
&gt; You have nothing of value to contribute A small business, bachelors and masters degrees, served on city commissions, three successful kids. Excuuuuuse me if I haven't sold my naming rights for anything from a scam school to a steak company.
Tell me what Trump has contributed to the national debate. Well, I'll tell you what he's most famous for - 1. Build a wall and Mexico will pay for it; 2. Ban Muslims; 3. Bleed from your wherever; and 4. Little hands, along with bullying insults to the other candidates. Throw in a few bumper sticker slogans, and you have his entire campaign in a nutshell. Trump seems to be preoccupied with nationality, gender and sex organs. Are you proud of the gutter and divisiveness he's taken this country to? It's not by coincidence that Trump is going after the Rush Limbaugh market of low information voters. That's his casino market - people who aren't smart enough to understand that the house is not giving away money. Considering that a large component of the Republican Party finds him distasteful, to the point of even saying they will not support him (such as Kasich) do you think he deserves a national stage just because he's a blowhard? And speaking of low information, get your facts straight. The meme of mass shooters and bombers are all democrats is an old and mostly false one. Nidal Hasan would have been registered to vote in Virginia - they don't register by party. Seung-Hui Cho (Virginia Tech) - not even a citizen. Andrew J. Stack, flew plane into IRS building in Texas – His manifesto was extremely anti-government and even more explicitly anti-IRS. Now what political movement do we know that loathes the government and IRS? The Boston Bombers? [Not even registered to vote.](http://www.politico.com/story/2013/04/marathon-bombing-suspects-not-registered-to-vote-090420) I could go on and on, but know your facts before you spew. And no, you can't get facts from chain emails.
Good for you. I think my daughter is still using a little bit on weekends that she gets at the farmer's market, but I'm afraid I'd drive her away if I pushed the issue. But never the whole *solanceae* trip again - we just didn't know what to do with her.
I'm north of the equator, I've seen it go both ways. Maybe it depends on the shape more than north-south.
Ah, the joys of being a parent.....
&gt; An AR-15 is neither particularly dangerous Tell me that this [AR-15 is not dangerous](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uo4kFzECXGs)
Which is why bans should be expressed in terms of the capabilities that the government is trying regulate - ie, firing speed, magazine capacity, and maybe caliber.
Time and place restrictions can be placed on free speech. Why don't you think type restrictions can be placed on weapons, especially since fully automatics have been restricted for decades?
&gt; A ban on the only firing speed that matters (semi-auto) would apply to virtually every handgun, and the vast majority of rifles. De facto ban. I would ban anything that can fire more than 2 rounds per second. At that point you can hardly aim, and the weapon goes from a defensive weapon to an offensive weapon. Let the gun manufacturers figure out how to keep the firing speed down to that. &gt;Limiting calibers to below an AR-15 is a de facto ban on all rifles, as 5.56 is pretty small. I would ban the "elephant guns". Rampaging elephants are not a problem most people face day to day. &gt;And the only thing a ban on high capacity mags accomplishes is spawning a plethora of youtube videos on how to take the blocking pin out of your low-capacity magazines. I would ban possession, not just the sale, with a hefty fine like $10,000 and a year in prison.
I'm sure it would be easier and more reliable. Can you imagine if the Orlando shooter had one of those with a 100 round magazines and just kept on sweeping back and forth?
&gt; No gun since a muzzle loader was that slow. Let the gun manufacturers figure out how to do it. The country whose ingenuity landed a man on the moon should be able to figure this out. &gt; Likewise, I have no idea where you came up with the idea of a distinction between "defensive" and "offensive" shooting, and moreover your conclusion that "offensive" shooting is the faster of the two is counterintuitive. When the firing speed makes it the equivalent of a lead death ray eminating from the gun, that's not a defensive weapon anymore. Think about it - do you really believe you can accurately aim at two different targets faster than a half second, including brain calculation time of where to aim and nerve reaction time to direct your muscles and the muscle movement time? &gt;God forbid there be two guys robbing you. First of all, don't go places where you're going to get robbed. It's always easy to construct theoretical scenarios to justify bigger weapons "Imagine granny's house is invaded by 101 home invaders working together, therefore we need to have magazines of 200 rounds". How realistic is that scenario, vs. how realistic is it that a gun will be used for a spousal shooting, suicide or by a curious kid?
I would say around .50 caliber and above. Yeah, .50's can be pretty destructive, but anything beyond that is just ridiculous for everyday mugger killing.
&gt;all production halted until a clever engineer figures out how to make them compliant, and all future guns will be prohibitively expensive. Well, they'd be working a lotta overtime for a couple of months, wouldn't they? Saying future guns would be prohibitively expensive is a ridiculous statement if you have no idea of how it will be done and thus how much it would cost. &gt; but how the hell would only having ten rounds prevent a spousal shooting? I don't think that a 10 round magazine limit will have any effect on spousal shootings or suicides. That's why I would favor spousal notification if a partner buys a gun, so the spouse can evaluate if something's up and they should be wary. I also favor a seven day waiting period to hopefully deter some spousal shootings and suicides. Of course, it won't stop anything from going bad if there already is a gun in the household. &gt;You're not thinking, just spouting rhetoric. I think these ideas aren't rhetoric, they are concrete measures designed to solve some of the specific problems guns pose in our society. Not going to solve them all, just like airbags don't save everybody in a crash. But I do think they will save a substantial number of people. And yes, I know mass shootings are a very small part of the homicide/suicide total.
Hey Drumpf, even after you tell us something about yourself, we still don't know anything about you because it's probably another lie.
&gt; no commercial deaths As long as you don't count the uranium miners. And how many people will get cancer from the [Church Rock uranium tailings spill?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Church_Rock_uranium_mill_spill)
Nuclear isn't all daisies and petunias. Constructing plants requires a boatload of concrete and steel, which have a lot of carbon emissions. The fuel was likely enriched using coal fired power, and the mining of uranium has create some real messes. Not to mention the waste.
&gt; When you tour it you realize just how many safety countermeasures there are. Oh, yeah, it just oozes through the air how many safety and countermeasures there are.....
It's not 24/7 reliable. When one of the plants goes down unexpectedly, it is a big drain on other generating resources to make up for it because the plants are so big.
You can use [pumped storage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helms_Pumped_Storage_Plant) Ironically the Helms pumped storage project that I linked to was originally designed to operate in tandem with Diablo Canyon - use the excess nuclear power at night to pump water uphill, use the hydropower going downhill during the afternoon peak demand period. Now it may be used for storing excess wind and solar, then generating power during nights.
&gt; Extension to 60 years, or even 80, are not unusual or impossible. But is it good practice? Railcars die by federal law at age 50 due to concerns about metal fatigue.
Nuclear plants require a LOT of steel and concrete to build, both of which are industries that contribute a lot of greenhouse gases. Also, the nuclear fuel was likely enriched, a very energy intensive process, using coal fired power.
There's also one where the camera guy ask abortion protestors what the [penalty should be for abortions.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uk6t_tdOkwo) Amazing how befuddled the protestors get.
Owning railcars, my business has to [deal with this shit](http://imgur.com/a/s9trj) all the time.
We hunt witches not for any sort of social justice, but because they are tasty.
And it's all too easy to hire a consultant who will say "Yup! Looks good for another 20 years!"
But the amount of generating capacity taken out at a nuclear plant is a lot larger than the damage done to a solar farms.
I think there's a bit of a technical beauty to a nice freshly painted railcar, such as [this one](http://imgur.com/eRavJOK) from the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool, or [this one](http://imgur.com/APoEPYw) we did during the Wisconsin political upheavals in 2011.
Here's the problem as I see it- We have no consensus that it is wrong. Depending on what specifically you ask and how it is asked, over the past 40 years somewhere between 45% and 65% of American support the right to abortions (not in the case of rape or incest - much greater support for that). So we really can't say it is wrong like robbery or rape or murder, because we have no consensus. I don't like the sheer number of abortions being performed (however I would never question an individual woman's decision), but I would much rather we work on solving the problem of unplanned pregnancies through comprehensive sex education and availability of free contraception.
But it costs the industry a fuckton of money to maintain the reflective stripes and the numbers on the cars when they get painted over, plus there is certain data about the last air brake test on the side so a car inspector can determine if ti's time for a new air test. This repaint job cost me about $125 in materials and 4 hours of my time.
It makes for a fairly simple mnemonic. The axles are numbered 1,2,3,4 starting at the A end, and the sides are Left and Right as you stand facing the B end. Thus, you can designate a wheel needing replacement as the L3 - third axle from the A end, left hand side as you face the B end.
When a UP (Union Pacific) car is interchanged to the NS (Norfolk Southern), then NS assumes responsibility for the railcar and it's contents. Part of this is standard common carrier liability (contents) and part of it is industry interchange agreements (railcar). When I bought my railcars, I had to sign the interchange agreement for the industry to accept them, which also gives them the right to fix them and send me the bill. If the car is destroyed, there is formula for how much depreciated value of the initial purchase price the destroying railroad would have to pay. Because my cars are old and didn't cost much, it's possible that would be more than the loans that I have on the railcar, so I carry Inland Marine insurance to cover for that. Also, the re are exceptions to common carrier liability - such as Acts of War, Acts of the Public Enemy, Acts of Public Authority, Acts of Nature (or God), or Inherent Vice of the Good, which are also other reasons why the Inland Marine insurance comes into play. An interesting question is whether or not a 25 year flood is an Act of Nature vs. 100 year flood. As I understand it, 25 year floods aren't, 100 year floods are. The name on the locomotive doesn't mean much these days - railroads interchange locomotives the same way they exchange railcars, except they don't trade "locomotives", they trade "horsepower hours" since locomotives have different horsepower ratings.
I believe the case was about a train that derailed on a washout of the track after a 25 year flood. The court ruled that a 25 year flood is something the railroads should expect and have designed their drainage systems for. In other words, it's not so unexpected that they can't plan for it.
From the Wikipedia article I cited: "A breach most likely would have resulted in a massive loss-of-coolant accident, in which reactor coolant would have jetted into the reactor's containment building and resulted in emergency safety procedures to protect from core damage or meltdown. Because of the location of the reactor head damage, such a jet of reactor coolant might have damaged adjacent control rod drive mechanisms, hampering or preventing reactor shut-down." In other words, we aren't smart enough to design these very complex systems so they are fail safe. We don't know all the possible failure modes and their impact on other subsystems. They know this design flaw now, but we only seem to learn them through experience, I'm sure there are others out there that we don't know about yet.
It only makes sense if you have stuff to ship by rail. The discounts the railroads give for providing your own equipment will generally pay for the cars if you can keep them moving. However, the rules involved are a real pain in the butt, and there's a lot of ways you could end up spending a lot of money. I worked in the industry so I knew about those, but I'm still hit with things that I didn't know about.
How about: 7/16/71 - Electrician killed by live cable at Quad Cities 1 11/22/80 - Worker cleaning breaker cables at San Onofre is electrocuted 7/15/87 - Safety inspector killed after contacting mislabeled live wire at Wolf Creek 3/29/88 - worker electrocuted at Wolf Creek after falling through unmarked manhole 3/31/2013 - Worker killed when part of a steam generator fell while moving it. From [wikipedia article on nuclear power plant accidents in the US](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_reactor_accidents_in_the_United_States) and it doesn't even include the ones at the experimental reactors.
Nope. At least not anything that I can recognize as art to any degree.
How many wind energy employees died from wind vs. died from falls, electrocution, etc? If you want to claim a type of energy production is inherently safer than another, you have to look at all categories of deaths.
Smart to use the highly borated water for the safety coolant. But at the same time, suppose the head had blown at Davis-Besse, and in the process had damaged not only the control rod drive mechanism but also all the auxilliary and safety feedwater systems (I don't know the physical layout if those systems are in proximity). Wouldn't it be a SOL situation then - ie coolant can't get in, what's already there boils off? Or are there coolant inlets at other points on the reactor vessel?
If your making a claim that "nuclear is safer than wind", the number of employees is irrelevant - each type of power generation has varying degrees of labor intensity. If wind is safer per GW of output because it has fewer employees, it's safer. If nuclear is not as safe per GW of output because it requires so many employees, it's not safer.
But they are enticed with false advertising - ie "Win Big"
Obviously a railfan who knows how to figure those things out.....
You should express it as "Once dihydrogen monoxide gets in your system, you will die."
Those thighs look like the thighs of a cyclist or a speed skater.
However, lack of proper dental care and rural Kentucky are correlated, and the results are disgusting.
Icky.
The pyramids are just granaries. Ben Carson said so.
&gt; Who donated to an elected official's campaign, and how much they donated, should be a matter of public record. Here in Wisconsin, the records are not computerized by the state, but there are private organizations that enter them into databases. So you have to go to the private organizations websites to find campaign contributions, but I doubt they do circuit court judge contributions.
Kars for Kids comes to mind. Aside from their inane radio jingle, they don't tell you that really the money goes towards religiously oriented summer camps for ultra orthodox Jewish kids.
I had a leg injury, and about a month later the leg swelled up and I was having difficulty breathing. Any doctor presented with those symptoms would suspect a deep vein thrombosis (blood clot) and pulmonary embolism (part of the blood clot went to the lungs). One out of seven people with a pulmonary embolism die from it. The treatment is Warfarin - yes, medical grade rat poison - because it is a blood thinner that will help the clots break up. However, Warfarin is a dangerous drug - you can get bleeding in the brain and other locations if you don't get the dosage just right. Because of the dangers, my doctor wanted to confirm that I indeed had a DVT/PE before putting me on the Warfarin (there's actually another drug you shoot into you belly fat as emergency treatment first, but then you go on the Warfarin). So he calls the insurance company to get authorization for a leg ultrasound and a scan of the lungs (can't remember if it was MRI or what). They say no. He has to spend 45 minutes arguing with them on the phone. Still a no. Finally he pulls his secret ace out of his pocket - he threatened to send me to the emergency room, which would cost the insurance company a lot more money. They relented. That incident led me to the belief that for-profit insurance cannot successfully reconcile the inherent conflict between their contractual duty pay claims and their fiduciary duty to stockholders to make a profit - increasing one side decreases the other, and one party (policyholders or stockholders) will lose.
Why don't we fill party balloons with hydrogen? They'll float just as good, and then when the party's over little Johnny can explode them with a match!
Let us not forget that this source is World News Daily, aka World Nuts Daily, which is led by Joseph Farrah of Swiftboating fame.
Wisconsin has the Circuit Court Access website, you can do the same thing.
&gt; You can't put that on the back burner because it inconveniences you and your cause. Seems to me that being blasted away is a bit of an inconvenience by itself.
Trump only seeks to divide people, in this case Democrats. Maybe he should learn to unite people.
In emergency landings, they don't 'respond.' They are waiting just off the end of the runway and are chasing it once it lands. Been there, done that, from the airplane side of the event.
They also inject copious amounts of water into the jet blast to cool the flaming well off.
Scott Walker when he ran for president. Second place would be Ben Carson
&gt; ...Trumps limp dick. Trumps limp *small* dick. FTFY
That kinda like the way I was when I went whitewater rafting last weekend.
