From Newmarket to Streatham, I would get on the M25, cross at Dartford, carry on clockwise, and then go up from the South, completely missing out the centre of London
I just had a look on google map - it's an extra 30 miles, but it would probably be a lot less stressful and quite possibly take less time, depending on time of day
Chances are though, that if the Dartford crossing has heavy traffic, then it would be a time of day when central London would be even worse ... the only time the M25 would be worse is if there were roadworks or closed lanes, but you can check for that before making the commitment
Why have you differentiated between the 'premier league' and its previous name 'first division' of the English league? Are they not the same for the purpose of this kind of statistic?
There's no need to worry, you will gradually get the things you need, as and when you need them ... for an unexpected night time power cut, it's always useful to have a torch and batteries and candles and matches available ... and basic tools like screwdriver and pliers, and a step ladder, and a bucket
I have removed this because it is not counting, it is listing
These types of awards are not simply to decide the most courageous person - it's not even possible to quantify such an abstract and subjective concept - but these awards are an expression of social approval, and therefore very often used as part of a wider agenda, to promote a social movement. For example, if they wanted to promote the acceptance of homosexuality in a society where it was largely disapproved of, they might choose to award a person for being openly homosexual. So here they are making a social statement in support of the political movement which is demanding certain rights for transgender people, and they have found a suitably well known transgender person to bestow the award upon. I would be surprised if they gave the award to a biologically female athlete who is taking a stand against biologically male people being allowed to compete in 'women's' events, and this is how they will show which side they are on and promote their political agenda. So whether or not you think he ''deserves'' the award for actual ''courage'', it might change your view if you think of the award in terms of social approval and the promotion of a political agenda.
Blyth Spartans ... this year they were the lowest ranked team left in the FA Cup when it got to the third round, and they put up a good fight, their fans could be proud of them
I've reported this to the mods because you deliberately lied in your title
387,685
You don't seem to be very familiar with the history of West Ham fans - they have even been racist towards their own players ... racism is found all over the country, and wherever there is racism in the same place as football, there will be racist football fans, and it's not helpful to deny it instead of acknowledging the problem
The way you worded it does very much make it look like you mean ''better than that'' as in ''better than those who are racist'' rather than ''racist but not as badly racist as some others''
You only quoted the first part of the mod post, so that you could misrepresent the mod's opinion and make it look bad
So I ask you a very simple and very basic question, and you claim there is an answer but I would have to pay to read it ... that's not the way to change society
A ''moron'' is a person with a considerably lower learning ability than the average - a person with a mental disability - so if you consider that there are people with university degrees who have expressed concerns about the genetic modification of foods - in what way are they ''morons''? You are just name calling people when you don't agree with them.
But if you make up your own definition of ''moron'' then the view cannot be changed by facts and sound reasoning, because it becomes a circular definition, thus: ''Anyone who doesn't agree with me is a moron, therefore all of these people with different beliefs are morons''.
It depends on so many factors, it would be impossible to know in advance ... that's like asking how would you react if one of your family went to live in another country
You say you're curious, but I doubt if you would believe me, because it doesn't fit into your world view ... also there's this undercurrent to your comments which kind of implies that I should stay silent and let biologically male people have the last word on what it means to be a woman, and that I shouldn't question them when they are seemingly talking nonsense
And what is ''a female neurological body map''? when you get right down to analysing it, you find it has no basis in observable physical reality ... and if you define a person's gender by what hormones they ''prefer'', what about people who are not producing or ingesting hormones? Are they not male or female?
What was what?
There is a lot more to the award than simply figuring out who is the most ''courageous'' athlete ... the award is a symbol of social approval, and an opportunity to bring attention to any social agenda which they are promoting, so they tend to award it to people who have demonstrated behaviours which the award-givers are promoting.
I prefer honest aggression to passive aggression
1) It's interesting that when I join discussions on this subject and disagree with people who share your views, you interpret that as some degree of ''hate'', and yet when you join discussions on this subject and disagree with people, your motives are all noble, to ''educate'' and to stand up for your rights ... you asked why I discuss this subject, but would you believe that I have the same motives as you? I also have a vested interest in correcting the misinformation that people spread around, because I believe that the social changes which some people are advocating for will ultimately be detrimental to biologically female people, and I have seen how biologically female people are being bullied into silence. 2) Many people, both male and female, suffer terribly with depression/anxiety/mood swings/all kinds of mental distress, and we do not know if their brains would function better with a different hormone balance, because it's not as simple as you seem to think, just going to an endocrinologist and trying different hormones ... for most people, quite apart from the health risks, they would be very distressed at the physical changes to their body which the hormones caused ... but for transgender people, of course, they are very pleased with the physical changes to their body, and how can you be sure that *that* is not what is causing them to be happier? 3) Phantom limb syndrome is the feeling that a limb is physically present ... it is not the same as wishing you were the opposite sex. 4) First off, I have heard plenty of biologically female people talk about how they are not at all happy with the suffering that their hormones and reproductive system cause them, and some quite deeply resent being female, and yet they do not wish to be male, and they accept that they are female, so no, your definition wouldn't include them, it would insult them, if you think a woman is someone who feels a certain way about being female. And secondly, we have no idea how each person's brain would have liked being born into a body of the opposite sex ... a person could be totally accepting that they are one sex, and if they had been born the opposite sex with that same brain, they might be totally accepting of that too. And if labels aren't important, what are you doing trying to get people to use different labels for others?
1) I have no idea if I have changed anyone's mind about anything on this subject - certainly not the people who are arguing with me, but I wouldn't expect to ever change their minds, only perhaps give silent readers something to think about. You're right though, that this issue doesn't affect me in my normal everyday life, and it's only online that I argue about it. I argue about a lot of things online, I do enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me. I can tell you the incident which drew me into taking notice of this issue: I have never been very interested in feminism, but I was curious about what was causing such a major rift in the feminist subreddits, and I went to one of the many new 'true feminist' subreddits to ask about it ... I was told that some feminists don't accept transgender women as 'real women' and in an effort to try to resolve the problem, I very naively made a comment which I thought would be a starting point which everyone could agree on: ''There's a difference between transgender women and women who were born female'' ... I know now of course how naive this was, to think they would agree with that, but at the time I was shocked at the amount of hostility it incurred - I was called ''asshole'' by a moderator of the subreddit, and by the end of the day I was banned. It intrigued me, partly because I find the concept of gender identity interesting, and partly because I started to discover a rather disturbing new movement within feminism ... it disturbed me to think that feminist forums are being taken over by biologically male people, and that biologically male people are bullying biologically female people into silence, and that biologically male people are kicking biologically female people out of ''women's'' forums if they dare to question the new gender politics. So while it doesn't affect my normal everyday life in the real world, it disturbs my mind in the internet world, knowing that these extremists are taking over feminism and that it will eventually affect the real world, to the detriment of biologically female people ... and you're right, the transsexist agenda is happening and will continue to happen whether or not I argue about it online. But I still enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me. 2) I think you misunderstood this - you asked me to do some soul searching and tell you where my feelings about my body image came from, and I told you - I was speaking for myself, I wasn't trying to imply that this is the same for anyone else. Maybe you could go back and read that paragraph again, knowing that I was speaking only for myself, and not imposing anything on you, and it might read very differently. Clearly we both have a very different feeling about where our ''gender identity'' came from, and I think it is quite possible that one's sense of gender *can* arise from different sources - a combination of innate feeling and learned view, with varying ratio of each factor in different people ... there's no way of knowing how either of us would have felt if we had been born the opposite sex, so it remains speculative and probably impossible to imagine. 3) It doesn't matter *why* some biologically female people don't like being female, the point is that your definition of 'woman' doesn't comfortably include them, it pushes them out to the fringes of womanliness in your view, and that is not a satisfactory definition, especially when you start hinting that they might not really be women in your world view, if they are less than happy with their reproductive organs. 4) If your definition of a 'female brain' is 'the brain of a person who thinks they should be female' then you are using circular reasoning to use David Reimer as some kind of support for your assertion, because it boils down to ''the brain of a person who thinks they should be female thinks they should be female'' ... there's no such thing as a 'female brain' outside the definition ''brain of a biologically female person''. One thing which would totally change my mind on that is if they discovered that it was possible to examine a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as, but so far all the studies have suggested that this is not the case - if a brain expert looked at a brain, they would not be able to tell what gender identity the person has. Biologically speaking, if a person is born male, then they have a male brain.
The distances between clubs would be too far ... it's already a bit too much of a trek when Sunderland play Southampton, for example
different culture
It looks like you have been shadowbanned by the admins, so all your posts automatically go into the spam filter ... you might like to contact the admins and ask them to investigate why you were shadowbanned.
\*gasp\* is that *THE* Rick Sparks, world famous stand up comedian and part time internet hate-stalker? I'm overwhelmed with your flattery
No, that's just as bad
I have removed this submission because it is not counting
It looks like a Juventus fan has a girlfriend who is expecting to give birth any time from now, and he is worried he might miss the match
That was a gloriously hilarious bit of projection, maybe you can seek me out in another few years and we will see if you have got it yet :)
I'm watching the parallel competition going on here: Who will win the contest to get the top Match Thread! Contenders are off at a good pace, jostling for position as they come to the first bend
They were even born in perfect formation
Yeah I just tried checking results and it's down at the moment ... winning numbers are 5, 8, 10, 11, 37 (stars 7, 9) raffle LZD367111
I haven't watched more than a few seconds of women's football, it hasn't grabbed my attention ... is it my imagination, or do you think a disproportionately large percentage of female footballers have long hair?
I like Bran Flakes, but maybe it's the brand you are eating - what brand are they? I only like Kellogg's, and once I tried Sainsbury's own brand and they were quite unpleasant in comparison, like shredded cardboard
It could work, or maybe just sitting there looking dejected with a red and sweaty face
This required some racking of brains, to include jeans which haven't actually been worn for several decades, as well as current favourites ... I think it's about 5 pairs, possibly 6
Salvation Army do a lot of good work, providing food and shelter for those who are mentally unable to organise government welfare assistance for themselves
They were only fit and strong due to regular physical exercise, and the male's average height was less than 170cm ... how tall are you?
It's against the rules because I wasn't challenging your fundamental view, but possibly bolstering it ... I've been in trouble with the mods before over this very act of 'challenging part of a view' which doesn't challenge the core of it ... they explained that I can't correct people's misunderstandings of biology, even if it would change their view of biology.
It's probably not obvious when you are actually standing on the pitch - you have to see it from distance - so they probably wouldn't have noticed
[Manchester Kitty](http://orig08.deviantart.net/336d/f/2009/086/e/7/hello_kitty___man_utd_badge_by_housewave.png)
Except that transgender people generally have brains which are more typical of their own biological sex, by most measurements
Parents usually buy clothes which have plenty of growing room in ... also just remembered something else: having to allow time for the tedious job of sewing a name tag in every single item of clothing
Unless he scores in the 90th minute
I could spend all day listing the potential disasters which would result from this, and obviously you don't care about what happens to *other people*, but here's one which might affect you personally, which might make you think twice: it is becoming an increasing problem that, due to the widespread prescribing of antibiotics, there are infections which are becoming resistant to the antibiotics which are available ... if people are able to buy antibiotics whenever they like, there will be millions who use them when they don't really need them, due to ignorance, and the problem will become much worse, and one day *you* might suffer a horrible infection which is resistant to antibiotics.
I don't think education would solve the problem, but I suppose that is now a matter of speculation since I can't prove it.
A bigot is 'a person who holds a fixed opinion and is intolerant of other opinions' - therefore it is quite possible for a person to hold racist and sexist views while being tolerant of those who do not agree with them. Being racist and sexist is not, in itself, the definition of bigotry.
A person's userpage doesn't show their subreddits which are private or banned
But isn't that exactly what they are advocating, that anyone can use any rest room?
But have you seen anyone advocating that there should be segregation of rest rooms into male and female gender identity rather than non-segregation?
I've never liked claret and blue together - it would be nice if they got a new colour scheme when they move to the new stadium ... if I was in charge they would get a gorgeous dark red kit
406,427
Yes, I agree - quite apart from the football team colours, the blue just looks better in its own right
You're on the watchlist now
They sell far more than just groceries, if you go to a big one
OK so it's the actual breastfeeding ... so if you watch a documentary about an African tribe where everyone is naked above the waist at all times, can you explain why you feel that the women should not be breastfeeding their babies in public?
It's ok, there's a lot of evidence to suggest that he isn't really a Man Utd fan, he's just playing a character, and doesn't believe anything he says
Do you really not understand how people will be offended by being subjected to such a humiliating and degrading judgement?
Some of them do
I wasn't sure what to do - whether to call for everyone to edit their numbers or whether to delete them - so since it was only a few numbers I deleted them, but I can call for an edit in future if you think it's the best thing :)
I love that programme but I always miss it because I'm in the kitchen washing dishes - husband keeps calling me to come and look at all these brilliant sheds
First of all, it's very rude to accuse me of downvoting your post and then to edit that out of your post when I ask you why you accused me, without an apology or an explanation. Secondly, to address the topic: I'm asking if any kind of soccer-football can be said to be ''huge'' in the USA, when you compare those viewing figures to over 100 million viewers of the Super Bowl ... I would say the Super Bowl is ''huge'' in the USA.
S
At the age of 19, got a joint mortgage with my partner, we bought a house
We did it in 1982 ... all you need now is a time machine haha
You are spreading misinformation - this story of the BSTc region of the brain is pseudo-science, based on a misinterpretation of the summary of a tiny study ... you cannot tell a person's gender identity by measuring the BSTc, and if you look at the table of individual results, you will see that some of the trans women were more ''male'' than some of the men if you use that as your measure. The only people who believe your ''trans science 101'' are people who don't understand how real science works and/or people who don't bother investigating the real science behind your claims.
That is circular reasoning, as well as being incredibly rude, and my above comment applies to you too, and anyone else who uses obscene name calling instead of sound reasoning \*EDIT: and downvotes don't make me agree with any of you either ... if all you've got is obscenities and downvotes, it doesn't look good for whatever views you are promoting
This is a rather convoluted way of asking which is the best team of 12 year olds
Only if you think ''disagreeing with extremists'' is ''shitting on'' anyone ... and even if it's not a formal debate, I still won't change my view if someone presents their view in a form which does not withstand reasonable questioning
Thanks for reporting it, folks, the bot has now been ejected from the premesis :)
I've never heard a story where that was the case, that they were happy with the gender role assigned to them while being unhappy with their sexual organs.
Yes, you only pay if you own a TV receiver.
My sources are pretty much the same as your sources - we have probably both seen the same studies - but you have misunderstood the summaries, while I have examined the tables of individual results, when they are available, and also taken into consideration that most of the brain structures which were measured were typical of the transgender person's biological sex. Every study supports what I said: there has been no brain structure found which correlates with gender identity. A brain expert cannot look at a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as.
If that is your only claim, then it is not incompatible with what I am claiming, we can both be right - but then what is your point?
T
Surely you can answer your own question then - the answer could be as simple as ''I don't want to, I prefer different artwork as my screen background'' ... I have never used photographs of people as my screen background, I simply don't like the look of it
How did it come about that there is a rift in the Watford supporting on reddit?
I don't know if that is totally accurate though - I have heard that there are families with both Liverpool and Everton fans who go to the local derby matches and sit together and enjoy friendly rivalry ... people are getting upvoted there for saying you have to hate your rivals to be a proper supporter, but I don't agree
No - I can admire players from all different teams, but it doesn't make me support that team
Yeah, of course people say I'm short, but I've always assumed they are affectionately joking ... like when my son towers over me and says ''You're so *short!!*'' ... it's not like I'm really too short for this world, only relatively short
Not really, the principle is the same - friendly rivalry and being happy for your rivals
I wouldn't say that little exchange counts as ''drama'' ... they both made valid points, and got a bit hostile, and that was the end of it
It was an invitation to tell us what you are celebrating, but you took it literally, so I'll try again: For those of us who don't follow American politics, what are you celebrating?
Thank you for the info :)
Hang on, I thought they made it legal in the UK ages ago?
Yes, I got that already, but never mind, I won't ask what exactly you are talking about any more, a couple of others have explained it to me
I really liked Palace's away kit last season, the yellow and light blue, but this one is also good, very smart :)
There is no line of reasoning which logically goes from same sex marriage to polygamy, as long as marriage is defined as the union of two people ... I think the next logical step would be to legalise sibling marriage, because there is no longer any argument left against it if marriage is 'the union of two consenting adults'.
Oh well I wasn't trying to claim that ours isn't strange ... I'll just be over here, sitting in this hole that I'm digging
I used to enjoy it until Adam Hills started turning into Jeremy Kyle ... he seems to get more smug and self-righteous with every show now ... went off the show last series when WBC called his bluff and he chickened out of the deal he threw at them
It's looking good so far - I particularly like the central water area with trees all around ... you will probably find that the areas will naturally start to blend when you fill them in with rides and scenery ... you could make the shape of the red-rock area on the right a bit more blended by extending the left side of it into a curve which goes into the gap behind the hut - it's a bit square at the moment while the other areas are nicely curved
If I want to wear anything which is rainbow coloured or has a rainbow on it, and if anyone assumes anything about my political views because of it, then I consider that to be *their* error, not mine. The LGBT political movement can only own the rainbow if you allow them to.
Ah that's interesting, how that happened - yes, I'm looking forward to seeing the bright yellow and green crests all over the subreddit next season - and looking forward to getting me a Bournemouth crest! I'm not a proper fan, but was quietly cheering for them all last season and got so excited when they got promoted for the first time ever :)
So do you think there will be any negative consequences for your current lack in your religious practices?
So if you believe that you can do whatever you like with no negative consequences, why would you bother to ever follow any of the religious practices?
We went on holiday a couple of weeks ago, a few days at Center Parcs, and I fulfilled my dream to go on the Tropical Cyclone ride - a water flume where you sit in a dinghy and it goes almost vertical as it slooshes around the tube - it was brilliant fun, and no queue so we went on it 5 times :D
And what do you think happens to non-muslims who try to be good people - do they also get to heaven?
S
I've never thought about that before, since I have always known where I am on the map when I first get on the train, but now you mention it, I suppose it would be useful for tourists and anyone who isn't familiar with the system ... maybe you could suggest it to their head office
It's not really an erroneous generalisation when I said ''usually'' which allows for those who are older, and then you go on to actually agree with me that redditors are very often in their 20's ... but fair enough, I've edited my comment because technically, yes, they were alive while Labour was in government, although I still maintain that they don't remember why it's not good to allow Labour control of government
Is that their new kit? That red is gorgeous :)
Have you managed to catch any part of the lyrics? Even a few words could be useful
There's not one answer which fits that general situation - it depends on many things, such as the relationship between the child and the grandmother - would the child be devastated to come home to find they missed the funeral of a beloved grandparent, or would they be grumpy at being dragged away from camp to attend the funeral of someone they hardly knew?
People - millions and millions of people everywhere - crowded roads, crowded trains, crowded shops, crowded everything - and pollution, and noise, and crime, and lack of trees
We don't have a container, we just throw it all in a heap, and when plants grow out of it, I dig them out and throw them on the top to dry out ... we always have potato plants growing from the peelings which I throw on it
How about simply whoever is most improved from last season, based on each person's final points score minus their last season's final points score
This season we have [a rather gorgeous deep red kit](http://fantasy.premierleague.com/entry/23722/history/)
That was fantastic, thank you!
And it's Hi Ho Sheffield Wednesday at 29 minutes
Your streams have been fantastic today, thank you :)
Last season I was wondering what the title of the music was which Burnley played after a goal - I recognised the tune but didn't know the title - I found a forum where some people were discussing it and someone was complaining about it - someone else repled ''Don't worry, you won't have to hear it much this year'' haha
When and how did this alleged rivalry with Spurs get started? The first I heard of it was in this subreddit
But why Spurs in particular, and not Arsenal or Crystal Palace or Charlton?
The players or the fans, or both?
I haven't encountered a huge crowd of Spurs supporters, no, but I can imagine that a club of that size would attract some troublemakers, just like the other big clubs like Chelsea and Arsenal - and West Ham itself also has a long history of attracting troublemakers - that's why I ask, why Spurs in particular?
perhaps even hiding it from yourself
I can't believe that is true of *any* club
Once again I agree with you - it's a tiny minority - I suppose I don't like to see people encouraging others to hate total strangers and adding fuel to a fire which hurts innocent people - tribalism isn't fun when people start getting hurt
Perhaps I should explain the context of my question: a few weeks ago an American came in and asked what they should know to be a fan or something similar like this OP, and someone said that all you need to do to be a fan is to hate Spurs ... I took issue with them, and several others got quite angry with me for suggesting that one can support a team without hating anyone ... so this question to you kind of follows on from that, asking why *you* think of Spurs in particular as your rival - is it because someone told you that and you never questioned it?
I think it's the word ''State'' which they apply the ''so-called'' to, not the ''Islamic'' part, to denote that it's not recognised as an official state
The title was rather misleading - when one says ''The first [whatever] person in the Premier League'' it kind of implies they are talking about players ... I clicked the article, intrigued to know what player they were talking about. ''Oh look, it says here *Premier League's First Dwarf*'' ''Wow, what position does he play?'' ''Oh, he sells pies at half time''
I'm pretty sure I've used that word, like ''These tea bags are Tescos's own brand''
Very misleading title: he was not in court for performing the song, he was in court for ''unlawfully going on to an area where football spectators are not allowed''
It will be worth it, when you have a huge stash of tea bags and can snuggle up with your nice hot cup of tea ... ah, go on, go on, go on
If a person is born with normal testes, they are biologically male
The problem with that is that it prioritizes the issues of biologically male people over the issues of biologically female people
So the only way to know for sure is to work out what the final score would have been if that transfer wasn't made at that time, taking into account all other transfers, as they were and as they would have been, for the rest of the season
Depending on where/how you watch the documentaries, there are often added bits at the end of the documentary where they show how the episode was filmed, and I find it as interesting as the actual documentary
No, the story goes that the wife already knew about his ''transgender'' feelings, so there must be more to it than that - there must have been something he wanted to do which she found unacceptable - and considering what he does now that he is free, it's pretty safe to assume he already had some sick fantasies before he left.
There are situations where mixed sex is detrimental to biologically female people - perhaps the most serious is when housing prisoners - I believe that biologically female prisoners should have the right to be housed separately from biologically male prisoners. And talking of which, it is not fallacious to say that transgender women are a sub section of the biologically male group - contrary to what you said, most males would agree that transgender women are biologically male, they do not 'reject them from the male group' and even if they did, it would make no difference to the needs of biologically female people.
Yes trans people are a minority - I mean that I am refuting your use of 'minority' as an argument for getting what you want - would that not be a 'Tyranny of the Minority' argument?
It's not me who is changing my mind back and forth, it's you.
No, I'm just calling you out on your faulty reasoning, and it looks like you have realised how your argument has crumbled, so we are finished now, unless you want to try to answer the challenge
No, a developing human being is not the same as a tumour ... when you think of the time line of your own life, do you assign an arbitrary point in your development where you suddenly became a developing human being? I believe your life as 'you' began at the moment of conception.
I answered the question very clearly - the question regarding biology - why do you want to drag this entire discussion away from the definition of male and female and onto a completely different subject?
There is a massive flaw in your logic though, if you think that the only logical conclusion is that a person must be against abortion if they regard the foetus as a developing human being ... is that what you think?
Actually, I do understand human tribal behaviour - just because I say that people don't have to behave like that, doesn't mean I don't understand why they do ... do you not agree that individuals have the ability to intellectually think about their behaviour and overcome their primitive instincts?
old enough - born in 1963
Welcome to the pubreddit, Molerus :)
You have no idea what I'm ''trying to display'' though ... I make no claims of superior intelligence ... and yes, I'm old enough to be as immature as I like and to not feel compelled to please strangers on the internet :)
I'm just enjoying the opportunity to express my views - why would I want to ingratiate myself with people like you who are so rude and unpleasant?
It's a coded message for the stewards
And what if someone assaults a female-born woman just because she is female? Is that not just as bad? Is that not intimidation and silencing of females? Is that not deserving of the same punishment? And if GC feminists are supportive of your right to wear the same clothes etc as females are allowed to wear, it is a *very* twisted logic which concludes that they are to blame for you being sacked - your line of reasoning makes no sense - just because they are not supportive of mixed sex toilet facilities does *not* mean they are supportive of separate dress codes for males and females.
The problem there is that we already have greater than 99% accuracy of telling a person's gender identity from looking at their biological sex, which means that a person's gonads are a more reliable indicator of their gender identity than their brain is.
So if you agree that it *is* just as bad to assault a non-transgender person as it is to assault a transgender person, why are you asking for special extra punishments for assaults on transgender people? And I'm not familiar with American law, but if the potential new law was presented in such a way that the only way GC feminists could oppose mixed sex toilet facilities was to also uphold the existing separate male and female dress codes, then it is not their fault, it is the fault of the people who composed the potential new law, isn't it? It looks like you are blaming the wrong group.
I think these colours are beautiful :)
If you went to school, then you were certainly treated differently depending on which sex you were perceived to be - I think the only way a person could totally escape the gender-socialization process is if no-one can figure out what sex they think that person is
Even if you were not a typical child for your perceived sex, you would still be treated as a child of that sex ... for example, if a little male child likes dressing up in princess outfits and dancing around in ballet shoes, the adults around him will still treat him like 'a boy who likes dressing up' ... they might say to each other ''Oh how cute, I wouldn't be surprised if he turns out gay'' ... he will still get the message that his behaviour is unusual, while a female child would get comments about her like ''Oh she's a typical girl''
Ok, that's why I was asking where you got the info from, because I haven't seen it
Of course it is! if you are doing something and you don't really want to be doing it, you are reinforcing that it ''has to be done whether you like it or not''
OK, no, you misunderstood me - I'm saying that most males in the women's room are harmless, and if she is perceiving them all as equally disturbing, then her intuition could do with some fine tuning ... I'm saying that some are more disturbing than others, and it's useful to develop a sense of who is harmless and who is dangerous, rather than assuming that every male is dangerous and calling security guards for every male who walks in
I'm not criticizing you for upholding gender norms though - where did I do that? I'm criticizing you for *claiming that it is not your intention to do it* while you are doing it.
You obviously don't know what 'bigoted' means either.
It's creating the illusion of being the opposite sex, and deliberately leading people to believe that they *are* the opposite sex.
Not necessarily, it depends whether they are using it to deceive or being honest about it.
One cannot literally become the opposite sex, only create the illusion of being the opposite sex.
How is it rude or hostile to say that I'm reporting someone for name calling at me?
How would I know how many do it? If they do it, then they are doing it, that's all that is relevant to this discussion, not how many or what percentage do it.
We are going round in circles here.
Right, so have you finally admitted that a person *can't* change their biological sex?
Until recently, they used to have photos of the view from each section, but they don't seem to have that now - although it's not really necessary, since it's obvious where the best view is as long as there are no obstructions
Oh wheepete, you did make me laugh :D I'm really looking forward to this, hoping to be able to find a stream so I can watch a bit of it - it could be a great game if both sides are on good form
But that's a circular definition - if a female is 'someone who is perceived as female' then there is no definition. And what if a woman is biologically female, with a female reproductive system, and she is perceived as male - does that mean she *is* male?
Well your classification causes problems for people who do not meet your standards of appearance. While you are busy bending reality to accommodate transgender people, you are causing problems for people who are *actually* female and *actually* male who do not wish to be classified as the opposite sex.
If someone is born with no gonads, they are biologically neuter, intersex ... and I don't think anyone is born with both...? And now you are doing a full U turn on your previous classification system and saying that a person is *not* classified as male or female based on their appearance, but you still don't seem to think there's anything wrong with your definition, even when it crumbles at the first challenge.
6.45pm - teams announced - They've got Afobe in the starting line-up already!
\*looks around\* Who, me - nah mate, must be someone else
haha I could hardly hate you for pointing out that Bournemouth concede a lot of goals - sometimes when choosing a captain for my fantasy team I just look to see who Bournemouth are playing - wishing I had captained Payet this week
So it took you 5 days to come up with an answer, and all you could come up with was a jumble of words which make no sense - are you under the influence of psychoactive substances?
I think you can have laws which cover the basics of protecting people from harm - it can be illegal to cause harm to others - in your example, it could be illegal to roll people down hills without their consent - it can be illegal to vandalise other people's property and other such basic common sense laws to protect everyone from being abused. Beyond that, of course there has to be compromise - people can still be allowed to voice their opinions regarding morality, as long as they don't incite harm against those who disagree with them.
There is nothing which can done in law to make a minority group not a minority group - all the law can do is protect them from harm.
It's not a problem with understanding your vocabulary, it's the way you throw the words onto the page in a way which makes no sense as a reply to the thread. Also, I don't think a person's vocabulary is necessarily broadened by whether or not they spend time speaking to people in person or online, so once again your logic is massively flawed.
Once again, flawed logic: Person A: ''You're wrong because genes memes custard creams morning dawning frogwash in the advancement zone.'' Person B: ''You are not making any sense.'' Person A: ''If all you can say is 'makes no sense', then that reading comp speaks for itself.''
You can decide to accept a certain number of Green refugees, then you can protect them in the same way as any other citizen is protected, and you can require them to follow the same laws.
But just because a group are *claiming* to be discriminated against, doesn't mean it *would* be intolerant to forbid them from harming people: ''We recognise it is your custom to stone homosexuals to death, but if you wish to live in our country, you must abide by our law which forbids you from harming others.'' Being ''tolerant'' does not have to include being tolerant of harming others, it only needs to include being tolerant of harmless cultural practices. Thank you for the delta :)
I'm not saying that this particular article contains errors, but in general they are a terrible source of info - they regularly use misleading titles, inaccurate and even false info, and twist the story to promote an agenda. I don't know how you can formulate your second question from me saying that. It's like asking ''You think the Daily Mail is a poor source of info? Or do you just want to ignore terrorism?''
I know that the news media has a habit of putting forward stereotypes, but in every story I have read about a transgender child, there is mention of the child desiring clothes and haircuts which are the social norm for the opposite sex - I have never seen an article about a child who claims to be the opposite sex who rejects the social norms of that sex - has anyone here seen a story of a little boy who earnestly claims to be a girl and who insists on having short hair and who hates wearing dresses?
Apparently there have been only two seasons of the Premier League when all 3 promoted clubs stayed up - 2001–02 Fulham, Blackburn Rovers and Bolton Wanderers and 2011–12 Queens Park Rangers, Norwich and Swansea
Dammit I didn't even realise there was a MOTD on until it was too late ... but on the bright side, now I can watch it when it comes out on iplayer and fast forward through the chat
I think the phrase was used by the translator - he made the video in French - and his comment about St James's Park seemed to be referring to how some other teams had had difficulty there - he mentioned Man Utd
So many flat caps!
It could perhaps be parents who can't bear the thought of their dead child being carved up for spare parts ... even when a child reaches the age of legal adulthood, the parents often still have that feeling of parental protection towards their offspring ... it's not so much about the appearance of the corpse, it's about that feeling of protection lingering while the body is still warm and the death has not yet been emotionally processed
Some parents take comfort from the thought of others benefitting and perhaps even having their lives saved by the organs of their child, but some parents are too overwhelmed by the thought of their child being carved up for spare parts and they can't take any comfort in putting the feelings of strangers ahead of their own feelings in that moment
Maybe no-one thought Daggers stood a chance - they always want the chance of the lower league team winning to make it an exciting match
It really made me laugh the other day when I came in and saw the Bournemouth vs West Ham pre-match thread was titled 'The moonflower derby' haha - and what a great game it turned out to be too!
Yes you could live quite comfortably on 34,000 in London, especially if you live in the suburbs
Yes, exactly, they are not free to ''tell it how they see it'' ... I'm not saying your rules should be changed, I'm just offering an alternative venue for debate where comments are only removed for being abusive and not for strict language rules
If you scroll down to the bottom of the linked page, there's a table of what the league would look like if he had been correct with all his predictions, and the points difference to what it actually is - the only team he was more wrong with was Leicester
It's got off to a good start - lots of discussions
You seem to have missed the point of this entire subreddit
Where is the racism in a joke about the disproportionate number of mixed race couples in adverts?
You said that already, but you still haven't explained *how* it's racist
I'm sure you could find plenty of examples of the type of mothers as described, and meanwhile you are less likely to meet the hard working mothers because they are too busy taking care of their kids and their homes to sit around complaining about their husbands. Even if you found a million examples, it still does not mean that the job of mother is inherently easier than the job of father.
No, not quite ... I will try to explain using a hypothetical example: if every nurse portrayed on TV was male, wouldn't it be rather ridiculous? And if someone complained about it, would they be sexist?
No - example compared to example - because one could also find examples of where the mother works harder than the father.
I believe there are some *average* differences between male and female brains, but for every brain structure which has been studied, there has been found some degree of overlap in the individual results, which means that a brain expert cannot look at a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as - although they can tell with a high degree of accuracy what sex the person is
haha yeah this week has been a bit of a disaster so far - used the Bench Boost chip and got a grand total of 10 extra points to make 39! Still got 3 more players to play tomorrow night though - half a dozen goals from Ighalo and a clean sheet from Watford should do it ... anyway I congratulate you for triple captaining Aguero :)
It's ok, it made me laugh too, it was relatively affectionate haha :)
Aww sweet, and you're still my Greatest Rival on fpl
725,243
No, there is no need for such a noun, and it would be worse than useless to invent one
Because it just crushes people into boxes when most people would prefer to be more flexible and enjoy aspects of both gender roles, even if they are reasonably content within their own designated role - it just perpetuates the idea that gender roles need to be rigid and separate and that children need to be taught to conform to one specific gender role
And here was me feeling all nice and welcomed by the r/hammers community, and you have come along and ruined the illusion ... my only consolation is that I would probably be even less welcome in the r/gunners community
I got one too, from /u/dmandalegend which was bizarre since I posted a video of the Newcastle version - I assume he just sent a message to everyone who posted in this thread, without reading what anyone had said
It's a very catchy song, I've had it stuck in my head for months now
Am I not 'the right sort' to go to Upton Park and cheer for West Ham?
Oh, thanks, I forgot about that - it's quite a long list of rules to remember - so can we say TCRF?
How long have you been watching football though? A lot of people start taking an interest and then after a while they find that they are cheering for particular teams to win
Yes I am very defensive, but to be fair, you did suggest I would prefer to go and sit with the ''awful fans'' ... and yes, I did make a comment when someone asked what the atmosphere around Upton Park was like before the game, and I said something like ''A bit grim, like thousands of miserable factory workers trudging in for a shift'' which was an exaggeration for comedy effect, and which went down like the proverbial lead balloon ... but I said nothing more than that, and if you think about it, you might even agree that it's hardly *festive* as thousands of people trudge out of the station and down the road, is it? It's probably like that around most big stadiums and thought it would be a good idea to warn him that he would be disappointed if he was expecting some kind of street party carnival atmosphere when people are just trying to get from A to B
Perhaps when you think of that, it helps to debunk the idea that someone is ''less of a male'' if their brain has some structures which are smaller than average for males and closer to the average for females eh?
I'm sticking up for innocent midfielders here :)
Quite apart from that being a 'No True Scotsman' argument, the modern transgender-rights movement have made it very clear that the only thing a male person has to do to claim the status of 'woman' is to declare that he *is* a woman - no medication or surgery is required for him to take his place in every space which has been designated for 'women only'
Well that says a lot about you
You are illustrating what I said about trans-rights activists having no empathy for the fears of female people - you ridicule and dismiss those fears instead of considering a solution which would suit both groups
A person with a male reproductive system does not magically turn into a female just because he says he is a woman - and if you allow trans women with male reproductive systems into the female rooms, then you also allow any male who claims to be a woman, don't you? And even if it was true that not one trans woman was ever violent, it still allows violent males into the room if they claim to be trans women
And you have perfectly illustrated the point I was making, that trans-rights advocates have no empathy for the fears of female people - and when I say female people I mean *actually* female, not ''legally'' female ... whatever it is you call people who were born female, you have no empathy for those of them who are afraid of males being allowed into their spaces
I used my wildcard in the last round, and this is the squad I made: GK: Gomes -- Butland DEF: Koscielny -- Cresswell -- Alderweireld -- Nyom -- Dann MID: Willian -- Özil -- Mahrez -- Payet -- Arnautovic FWD: Kane -- Ighalo -- Lukaku
But if you had empathy for them, you would understand their view that a person with a male reproductive system is male, not female.
I can give you a definition which is very precise: if a person is born with normal testes, they are male, not female - and if they are born with normal ovaries, they are female, not male.
Yes, one is enough to be male, if it is normal, with the potential to produce sperm - and in any case, that condition is talking about the male having two testes
They are a bit expensive - I did have various midfielders at different times but they tend to share the points rather than one getting most of the points
You start making transfers as normal, and as soon as you start to incur a points cost, it gives you the opportunity to click the wildcard option - you click it, and then you can make unlimited transfers until the next deadline
I think there is a lot of equivocation used in these kinds of debates - for example the word ''female'' being used as a social recognition of gender identity, being equivocated in the biology debate, as in ''It says female on my driving license, therefore I am biologically female''
I wouldn't pay for it - if you are concerned about any of those things, you can get a specialist to focus on the specific thing you are concerned about - for example, do you have any reason to believe that you are at risk of flooding? Your insurance company will already have their own ideas about that, they will look up the flood risk for your location ... and do you have any reason to think there are hazardous substances lurking under your property?
Do you acknowledge that your definition, which you admit is designed to make *you* feel better, could make other people feel worse? For example, a man who has his testes removed due to injury or illness, you telling him that he is no longer male is not going to offer any comfort ... and telling a grandmother that she is not female ... and that is quite apart from the absurdity of saying that children are neither male nor female ... your definition is not only offensive, but also too far removed from reality to be of any use ... maybe there is some other way you can make yourself feel better which includes accepting reality instead of rejecting reality
There have always been humans who feel a relentless inner drive to discover new lands ... throughout history they have set sail across oceans, or trekked across plains and deserts and mountains, not knowing if they will survive, and not knowing how difficult it will be to live in the new lands ... there will always be people who would risk their lives to travel to other planets. Recently there was a TV show which pretended to be looking for people to volunteer for [a one way trip to Mars](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_One), and they got plenty of applicants.
It's not a double standard, it's an error in your definition, and you even admit that you made up the absurd definition to make yourself feel better
I think that, at some level, you know how male is defined, and you know that there are male and female children, and male and female elderly people, so I'm not going to argue any more about your absurd definition ... and I assume that if you have deliberately altered your outer appearance to create the appearance of being female, then that is why strangers think you are female
You said in your OP ''NOOOOOBODY would be as interested in the idea of actually colonizing a new planet'' ... and now you are saying ''oh yes people would be interested in it, absolutely'' ... so have you changed your view?
I was reading through your questions, formulating answers, preparing to give some answers, then I got to number 17: ''Do you want to kill all males?'' Do you *seriously* believe that *anyone* here wants to kill all males? Now I'm not so sure that you are asking these questions in good faith ... and if you are being serious, maybe you've spent too long in the GenderCynical echo chamber where they enjoy kicking down straw men with no-one allowed to correct them.
It's not the exact same medical problem - in the case of female people, it is a physical medical problem, that they cannot produce enough oestrogen naturally - but in the case of males it is a brain/mind and/or psychological problem, that they feel they should be female ... if a normal male person went for a medical check up, the doctor would not say that they are suffering a lack of oestrogen, and they would not think there was a medical problem with their testosterone level ... it's only when the male person *says* that he feels he should be female that he is prescribed oestrogen ... it's not because he *is* female ... when your doctors say you are ''female'', they are talking about your gender identity, not your biological sex. Although, having said that, I can believe that there are some doctors who are willing to go all the way to placate you by saying things which they know to be untrue, knowing how you cannot cope with reality. ''Doctor, I really am female, aren't I?'' Doctor: ''Yes dear, of course you are.''
I wouldn't - I know it's not easy for some of you to imagine people having different priorities, but it's pretty arrogant of you to tell me what I would like
So are you still maintaining that no-one would be interested in actually going there?
That would be a *great* name for a purpose-built West Ham stadium, especially if the architect was given the task of designing the stadium to suit that name - but not sure if it suits the Olympic Stadium
OK, so you're just being silly
Yesterday you allowed yourself to face it for a moment and said ''I fully acknowledge it's a lie.'' ... now you have ducked back into your state of denial
Now you are equivocating ... I made it clear all along that I am talking about *biological sex*, not social gender
But government documents and the perceptions of strangers are not evidence of biological sex ... and I have already gone into detail about how the doctors are treating you as a male patient, so we are going round in circles now
If you are in the upper section, you can't get into the lower section, because you have to use one of the turnstiles which are listed on your ticket, and the turnstiles take you to the corridor and stairwell to the upper section ... the different sections are kept separate. However, if you are quite early you can stand at the front of the upper section until it's nearly time for kick off - you will notice when the seats are filling up and when you are starting to get in the way, then you can take your seat.
Ticket prices are shockingly high ... up to about £95 for a match against a top club, and around £65 for a bottom of the table club ... that's considerably more than equivalent seats in other PL stadiums
If votes are meaningless, why does it matter if people downvote?
Because of the 10 minute time restriction? OK, fair enough ... I never downvote anyway, I only ever upvote
Not at all - it depends on how you feel about it yourself
I got as far as Part II and noticed you gave a definition of the sexes without even mentioning the essence of the difference between the two sexes - the production of gametes - you didn't mention testes and ovaries, and either that is because you have no understanding of biology, or because you are setting up a straw man definition which is so much easier to debunk and hoping that no-one notices ...?
Funny how they didn't hear the cricket noises from their own side either \*edit: one of them has called me a [banned acronym] for pointing out that there were no replies from their side ... obviously I'm not allowed to correct you, John, in your own subreddit, because correcting your untruths is banned there, but I'm not a radical feminist. \*\*edit: apparently I'm not allowed to tell you what he called me, currently negotiating the use of asterisks. \*\*\*edit: asterisks not acceptable.
Ah yes, there it is: 6.7C - I agree that's bloody cold, but then I think anything under 18C is cold so I chose 5C as the cut off point because footballers are well hard
I don't know if that is a full or accurate representation of GC feminism, but you clearly think it is enough to declare it to be wrong - so apart from the obvious use of the words 'woman' and 'man' - if those words were replaced with 'female' and 'male', which of those statements do you disagree with?
You seemed concerned that that is happening, and I'm saying I don't think it is happening
Is it acceptable if I insert a couple of asterisks and say that he called me a T\*\*F?
People will only know their comments have been removed if the mods tell them though, and that's not always happening
I don't know if they have tests which can detect that kind of cheating
I'm not a radical feminist, so I'm not in your target group for suggesting what anyone should do, but just wanted to take issue with some of your reasoning - mainly what you say about the brain studies - firstly, the studies have not discovered any brain structure which correlates with gender identity - if a brain expert looked at a brain, they would be able to tell with a high degree of accuracy what biological sex the person was, but not what gender identity they have. It's not literally true that transgender people have the brains of the opposite sex - that is just a way of describing how they *feel*. Secondly, there might well be a physical basis in the brain which makes a person more prone to transgenderism, in the same way as a physical basis in the brain makes a person more prone to homosexuality, schizophrenia, depression, autism, paedophilia, body integrity identity disorder etc etc ... the mistake in the line of reasoning is to jump to the conclusion that if there is a physical cause in the brain, then that means anything about how the condition should be treated. Anyway, from what I've read of GC feminism, they are not against adults having their bodies surgically and medically altered to create the illusion of being the opposite sex - they are only against it being done to children, because children can go through a phase of insisting that they should be the opposite sex, then later change their mind when they realise that those feelings were caused by them identifying with the gender *role* rather than the anatomy of the opposite sex.
That's not the impression I got at all - yes they are quite fiercely opposed to the prescription of drugs and/or surgery for children, but they certainly don't despise the children themselves - they see the children as victims of the adults who facilitate the treatment. And I don't think they despise adults who choose to alter their bodies - in fact they seem to support their right to alter their bodies - the main aspect of the adult body modification that they take issue with is that they do not believe that a person can literally become the opposite sex - so you might see some anger directed towards males who are claiming to be female.
It can only be done by making it law though ... these people are already ''educated'' but their traditions trump their common sense
So far, there has been no structure or function found in the brain which can be used to predict gender identity - and the more research they do, the less likely it seems that they will ever find such a structure
It depends what the person is expecting ... in the case of transgender people, there is very often noticeable pleasure and relief before the drug is even in the bloodstream ... just the sight of it can cause great pleasure and excited anticipation, so it's hardly scientific when the report is ''oh my god I feel so wonderful, I can cry at movies now''
When you get right down to examine the line in the sand, almost everything has fuzzy boundaries which you can argue over - when does a pond become a lake, when does a boat become a ship etc ... but in most cases, there is a section of the continuum where something is definitely one and definitely not the other ... like red and blue can be clearly spotted despite the existence of purple - and red is not blue just because purple is in the middle. So in the case of male and female, we can say that most people are born either male or female, and one cannot become the other, and one cannot entirely cease to be what one was born as, although one can move into the grey area and become a neutered male or a neutered female.
People can be pulled out of serious long term depression by the placebo effect - you underestimate the power of the mind to make use of hope and anticipation to turn depression around
I agree that hormones can have an effect on one's mental state, but what I am rejecting is the myth that ''male brains [whether in male or female bodies]'' and ''female brains [whether in male or female bodies]'' will have a measurably different reaction to the same hormones ... in order to even test this hypothesis, males and females would have to be given opposite-sex hormones in a way which would only affect their mind and not their body, and this is not possible.
It's a very long article, and seems to be about the treatment of a specific condition in which undeveloped males were pushed into the female gender role ... could you point to the bit which you believe indicates that reginaidiotarum is correct?
The change in infrastructure is pretty simple and very quick and cheap to achieve: removal of the existing signs on the doors, and replacing with ''Here are some toilets, anyone can use them''
What is ''pack-travel to the restroom''?
If you want to discuss the study, don't you think it's pretty important to clarify whether these people were male or female to begin with?
So do you think your fears are totally irrational and not applicable to other people?
So when you put your own fears to one side and think about it objectively, do you think mixed sex facilities would put certain types of people at greater risk ...?
For the record, they are not 100% safe and not fully reversible - advocates consider them to be an ''acceptable risk'' in case it turns out that the child continues to insist that they should be the opposite sex.
There seems to be a big debate about that figure - different studies come up with very different figures, depending on the criteria they use and what their agenda is
No, I don't agree with everything he said - hence why I said he is speaking with ignorance - if you read my comment again, it is clear and precise as to what I mean
I only ban bots, but I do remove posts which are inappropriate - I haven't clicked the link, so could you elaborate as to why it needs to be removed?
That's a different issue altogether - if a male prisoner is vulnerable in the men's prison, they can be housed elsewhere without being housed in the women's prison ... there are solutions to this problem which do not have to involve females being forced to share prison accommodation with males.
Yeah, males - biologically male - there is no reason to segregate prisoners by ''gender identity'' only by biological sex.
That's not particularly relevant to whether males should be housed separately from females in prison
Using a person's requested pronouns and name is their privilege, not their right
That depends on so many factors, I couldn't give one answer which fits every situation
Yeah you have, maybe you don't consciously remember but I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to your anger than my flair in another subreddit ... although, come to think of it, the anger you carry around with you has absolutely nothing to do with me at all
Oh I'm not saying they should change it - the whole football culture is different in the USA due to the way it evolved and the distances between clubs etc - it doesn't fit into the English mould
I have no idea what you are arguing in favour of there ... yeah, a full pint is more than half a pint, therefore ... what?
Well in that case it was a non sequitur
You make it sound like you *want* me to engage in activism so that you can fight against me and enjoy your victory even more ... maybe your victory didn't bring quite the happiness that you were hoping for eh ... if you think more fighting and more winning and more stomping all over the rights of females will fill that gap, maybe you are looking in the wrong places for inner peace
I have no idea what she would think of what has happened in recent history, and you have no idea either
I am not causing fights - if someone like you starts a fight just because you don't agree with me, that's not my fault ... anyway, you are shifting the goalposts now, after saying ''This is a fans subreddit. You are not a fan'' you are now saying that fans of other clubs are welcome as long as they don't say anything that you disagree with ... your self importance is quite glorious - you set yourself up as the judge of who is a ''proper fan'' and who should be allowed to speak and what they should be allowed to say
Actually I would be quite impressed if a 12 year old was mature and self assured enough to avoid taking it personally when someone was so viciously nasty, and to realise that the other person's opinion only says something about the person making the judgement
whatever - it works the same with ''fan'' so I'll edit it and then you can read it again and maybe focus on the meaning of what I said instead of nit picking
Yes, we established that earlier, several times, that my opinion is irrelevant to you, but it's a step forward that you now at least give me your permission to enjoy watching football :)
Where did I make the claim of being a fan of any club? Maybe you read the thread where I repeatedly said that I am not claiming to be a fan of any club and you had some trouble understanding what that means? And yeah I think he is pretty miserable - happy people don't say nasty things and tell people to get out just because they enjoy watching football without being a fan of one exclusive club.
I'm often wrong, so I don't know how I could possibly be acting as if I'm never wrong ... it's probably in your imagination, like a lot of the stuff you say about me
Are you asking why bother liking football teams? Or are you asking why bother commenting on subreddits related to those teams?
Cymoril_Melnibone 1: ''I stand by my statement that you're powerless'' Cymoril_Melnibone 2: ''I don't think anyone is powerless'' Cymoril_Melnibone 3: ''I disagree that there is a contradiction there.''
What have I ever said that makes you think I don't like West Ham? Maybe it's just a misunderstanding that we can clear up
The owners of West Ham have already had it written into the selling contract that Upton Park cannot be used as a football stadium without their permission, and from what they said, they wouldn't give permission for Spurs to use it ... apparently there's some deeply entrenched bad feeling towards Spurs which they are not interested in trying to resolve
I'm asking you how you came to the conclusion that Earthmother2015 is powerless?
There's no ad hominem there, you made it very clear that I do not support West Ham in your mind, so I'm just stating the facts ... and there's a bit of a story behind the Bournemouth flair, but I don't want to tell you the story as if I'm up in court defending myself and defending my right to post in the subreddit ... I understand that some folks will always hate me for it and tell me to get out of this subreddit, I understand that you and they have a vastly different idea of what it means to support a team, and I'm not even claiming to be a ''proper fan'' so there's no need for me to even defend against your judgement
I know it's weird, but I really enjoy flattening the end of the toothpaste tube ... when it's nearly finished I run the bottom of a bottle over it to make it totally smooth and get all the toothpaste out ... and it's good for the others in the house too because they can enjoy recklessly squeezing from the middle
But first we need a photo of David Attenborough with a banana for scale, to establish the new standard
Funnily enough I didn't make a joke, and had to figure it out - I see it now - oops haha
The problem with np links is that they don't stop people from voting or commenting - if a person wants to vote or comment, they simply remove the np and refresh their page - also once you have used an np link, the np stays in your browser when you move on to another page in reddit, and all your subsequent pages will be np until you get rid of it.
I don't think it's objectively wrong, it's a matter of opinion, and my opinion is that if you take a random video which has nothing to do with West Ham, and photoshop some faces onto it from news stories related to West Ham, it doesn't make it relevant to West Ham ... and furthermore, if the subreddit was full of such photoshop jokes, it would seriously reduce the quality of the subreddit, which is also a matter of opinion
Half sentences taken out of context do not make a good argument ... by your reasoning, you could photoshop the faces of West Ham players onto *anything* and then say it's ''relevant'' ... and my opinion is that if the subreddit was full of such photoshop jokes, it would seriously reduce the quality of the subreddit ... that is the main point of my opinion which the mods were asking for
OK, I will try to explain, using an analogy: let's say I visit a subreddit dedicated to recipies for cakes, and I also visit a subreddit dedicated to recipies for casseroles, because I like cooking both ... now let's say the mods of the cake subreddit ask what readers think of poorly photoshopped jokes about cakes being submitted, and I say I think they are irrelevant and lower the quality of the subreddit ... then a cake enthusiast comes along and says ''You're not even a real cake fan, I've seen you posting in the casserole subreddit, and your opinion is wrong and you shouldn't even be speaking in here - get out and stay in your casserole subreddit'' It's like you cannot grasp the concept of people being interested in more than one thing in the same general category.
That's like asking why anyone would try to resolve a conflict which is causing a war: ''Do you even know the history or meaning of war? 'Trying to resolve'... wtf?''
I don't deny anyone their identity, I don't have the power to do that ... also, I'm not a radical feminist, and if you call me any kind of troll again I will report you to the mods - your name calling is not appropriate for this subreddit.
Where did I say that transgenderism isn't a thing? Anyway, while I wait for you to find the evidence which doesn't exist, which will take you quite a long time, I'm reporting you to the mods because your hostility and name calling is inappropriate.
Do you think Bournemouth are ''feminine''? I've never even thought of football teams in that way - in what way do you think they are feminine?
If you keep checking the box office website every few hours, they will release more tickets ... I've never stayed in the hotel at the ground, but if you are considering it, be aware that you won't be allowed in your room until very late at night after the match, and if you stay the night before, you have to vacate the room very early in the morning before the match, because they use the rooms for hospitality events and convert them to dining rooms.
Some of their goals would be detrimental to biologically female people ... for example, they are pushing for an end to sex segregation in prisons, which would put biologically female people at risk of being raped and impregnated.
There wasn't a choice when I ordered, they just sent them in the mail, but I think if it's too late to send them, then you have to collect them at the stadium ... I ordered online though, so if you have a reason to want to collect them in person, you could order by phone and explain the situation and maybe they would arrange that
The suffix ''-ism'' is used for a lot of phenomena ... it's just a way of indicating a condition without any implication of the causes ... in fact, there are discussions and theories about ''The causes of transgenderism''.
Not offended, just confused, you're not making any sense.
I've talked with you before about this, and your method of categorisation is a reality-bending way of trying to believe that male is female ... it's not, you can't move from the male category to the female category, and I don't have to be male to know that.
yes
No, they have already taken the word 'woman', I'm not trying to reverse the evolution of language, just saying that we need a word to replace what they took, but then of course they will try to take that as well
You're asking me to tell you what made you think of such a thing ... it would be better if you explored your own mind and came up with your own discoveries about your own mind ... but since you seem to be more comfortable using projection, perhaps you could tell me why you think *I* would think Bournemouth are ''feminine''?
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, because I've never heard of it and it sounds like it might be quirky and interesting
You might be able to figure it out if you can remember roughly what month and what year it was...?
Yes, I did notice that when scrolling down the page, that an astonishingly high percentage were transgender women of some African-American ancestry - I didn't count the numbers but I would say probably the vast majority - and of course their opportunities are considerably restricted due to their race - but I wouldn't go as far as to say that prostitution and drug addiction and being promiscuous with violent men is their only choice in life ... even with all their disadvantages, they still have options
I think you got the wrong end of the stick there - I'm not saying that they deserved to be murdered, I'm saying that some lifestyles carry a higher than average risk of being murdered, and I'm saying that those lifestyles are chosen: ''Would you like to go to that sleazy nightclub downtown?'' ''Well I suppose I have no choice now that you have offered'' ''Would you like to buy some heroin?'' ''Well I suppose I have no choice now that you have offered'' ''Would you like to come back to my place and have rough sex with me?'' ''Well I suppose I have no choice now that you have offered'' No options?
Saying it is a choice, and saying that there are other options, does not mean a lack of compassion ... I could also say that driving a racing car and skiing down a mountain are risky behaviours which would increase one's chance of accidental death or injury, but that does not mean there must be a lack of compassion for those who are injured and killed, does it? And I don't agree that in the USA your only choice is between prostitution or starving to death, and I think it is horribly disempowering to tell people that they have no choice but to live that lifestyle.
Perhaps you were not aware of your options at that time ... but since you have now found a way out of that lifestyle, and now that you realise you do have other options, don't you think it is horribly disempowering to tell people that their only choice is between starving to death or prostitution?
OK, so now we are talking about mentally ill people, so maybe we can find some agreement here ... the problem with being mentally ill is that one desperately needs help, and yet is too ill to organise getting that help, and is unable to make use of the options which are available to healthy people - do you agree? So would you also agree that homeless mentally ill people with no family support are extremely vulnerable and at much higher risk of being killed?
Do you want to differentiate between those who are mentally ill and who are therefore unable to make healthy choices, and those who made choices which led to their dangerous lifestyle? Or do you want to say that everyone who lives a dangerous lifestyle is mentally ill and unable to make healthy choices? Also, there is no victim blaming here, there is only a statement of fact that some lifestyles put one at greater risk of being killed - do you not agree with that?
Maybe you don't realise that you are supporting and perpetuating the ''systemic, structural oppression'' when you tell a teenage homeless girl that her only options are either to starve to death or prostitute herself. Also, there is no victim blaming here, there is only a statement of fact that some lifestyles put one at greater risk of being killed - do you not agree with that?
You are not understanding anything I say, so we cannot continue this discussion
Thank you for trusting me with your personal story - I won't make reference to any details here :) After talking with you and a few others, I think I should make a distinction between empowered choices and disempowered choices: if a person is mentally healthy and aware of their options, they are able to make more empowered choices - and if they are mentally ill, or mentally disabled, or too young or poorly educated and/or unaware of their options, then they are making disempowered choices ... and then of course there is the disempowering which comes from the external circumstances - if someone is held at gunpoint and told to hand over their money or be shot, they are making a disempowered choice. It's very complicated, because it's usually a case of a choice not being totally one or the other, but somewhere along the continuum of empowerment/disempowerment ... this is why I say it's disempowering to tell a teenage homeless girl that her only options are either to starve to death or prostitute herself.
Now you are just downright lying with your twisted accusations, I don't want to talk to you any more
The first sentence of your second paragraph, what you accuse me of insisting - if you seriously believe that is what I am insisting then there is something wrong with you
Well I just thought I would clarify where exactly the lie was since you said you couldn't see it, but yeah, done now
I never said anything which indicated that you were anything other than human ... meanwhile you called me an ass
Oh, have I done wrong by calling out a mod on breaking their own rules?
What rule did I break?
Oh, I thought your previous comment was aimed at me, as if you thought that was *my* view
It's a fallacy to think that women would automatically be feminists if they were being oppressed ... in the early days of feminism, when women didn't have the vote or equal education opportunities etc, there were plenty of women who fiercely opposed the feminist movement, and plenty who have opposed it throughout its history
Others have taken issue with you on those subjects - my main question was to ask why you even want to downgrade the function of a mother feeding her baby?
Uh ... is human milk not food? You do know that industrial formulated baby milk is made from cow's milk ...?
I'm not sure what point you are trying to make there, but I sure heard the sound of goalposts being shifted.
Until 3 or 4 months of age, the best food for the baby is human milk.
If Leicester win the league, Gary Lineker will be sure to receive several million reminders of his promise - he would probably do it as well if the producers let him
But wouldn't it be possible for a male person to be perceived as female with less than 18 months of hormone treatment? Also, I'm not making any assumptions about whether you are perceived as female or not - I was asking how you know in terms of how you know whether you are perceived as female or whether you are perceived as a transgender woman by your work colleagues.
If you read the replies in this thread, you will see that several people *have* accused me of ''victim blaming'' by pointing out that some lifestyles put one at greater risk of being murdered ... so this utterly absurd logic doesn't only apply to females ... if I say ''Motor racing and skiing are more likely to result in injury than playing chess'' is that victim blaming? Anyway, all of that is beside the point - the point is that if members of a group are more likely to engage in risky lifestyles, then that needs to be taken into account when comparing murder statistics.
I've always changed the bed sheets by myself - it's obviously less effort with two people, but on your own it's not more technically difficult, you just walk around the bed and do one side and one corner at a time
But you don't hear women talking about going out with their female friends as ''going out with the fellas tonight''
I've seen evidence for both types
How would it work in practice, in a society where some males would appear as if they were female and vice versa?
Yes, but I'm asking how it will work in practice - if a person goes into the females-only room, how do you determine whether they are female or not?
And then what will happen to that person who may or may not be female? Do they have to prove their sex somehow?
If the female person (what you call an 'actual woman') had been taking testosterone for the purpose of appearing to be male, I think very often they do eventually appear to be indistinguishable from males, at least when clothed ... so how would your proposed system work for them?
Why would men cease to be predators just because gender rules and sex segregation were abolished? And what about in sports where strength and speed etc are involved and where males have the physical advantage? I'm sure people would still want to watch and to participate in running/jumping/throwing/lifting and tennis/football/baseball etc etc
For public toilets and changing facilities, there could be 3 options instead of the current 2 ... the main one for mixed sex, then additional ones for males-only and females-only in places where there was a demand for those
I think if they appeared to be male they would be happy to use the mixed sex facilities instead of being harrassed in one of the other rooms ... and if they appeared to be female, no-one in the female-only room would be bothered by their presence
Yes, and they include incidents of males raping and/or coercing females
I don't know what definition of ''natural'' you are using there
Oh god, the bit when his mates came round and helped pack away all the nursery furniture
Where I live it's against the law for males to rape females
Why would facilities be segregated by hormone levels?
I'm not sure what you are saying there - could you say it in words instead of with pictures of people looking confused in toilets?
I don't think there are any people who have been eating microwave food every day for half a century - I don't even know if anyone has bothered to do a study on people who use a microwave every day for years.
Some of my beliefs are based on what you might call intuition - a processing of information and reasoning which goes on in my subconscious and I don't have full access to the process, therefore other people can easily dismiss those beliefs as batty nonsense and I don't make any claims that those beliefs are true and I don't try to impose those beliefs on others. I'm happy to bide my time and see if science bears me out ... when I was about 9 years old we learned about dinosaurs in school, and in those days we were taught that dinosaurs were cold blooded ... I had to write it in my book, and as I was writing it, I thought ''I don't believe this, I think dinosaurs were warm blooded'' ... it was many years later that scientists started telling us that dinosaurs were warm blooded. I never argued with anyone about it.
I'm not a GCRF and not even particularly opposed to mixed sex facilities, but even I can see the glaring problem with your proposal for those who want to maintain a female-only facility: if you say non-abusive males can use the facility, well that's the vast majority of males, so firstly it is no longer a females-only facility, and secondly, how do you filter out the abusive males from the males who are entering the room?
Not even in prisons? Or sports?
The reason it doesn't make sense is that it doesn't support the hypothesis, it counters it: if males are 'more likely to hang out with other males and thereby be better at recognising males', then surely they would be *better* at recognising the male who is dressed up in their facilities? Also, your new rebuttal to the sports argument makes even less sense than the previous one.
I don't see it as there being a cost to refusing to own a microwave though ... I can understand that if you have a microwave and if you find it useful and convenient, then you would see it as a loss if you had to get rid of it, but I've never had one so I don't miss it. However, if I'm out and if I buy food from a fast food service, I don't ask them if they use a microwave, and I'm sure some of them do, so it's not like a phobia - I'm aware that I probably occasionally eat microwaved food.
Maybe you misunderstood, and maybe you thought there was an implication about females there when there wasn't ... I'm just suggesting why some females might be uncomfortable ... it's like if I said ''Some females are afraid of walking down a dark alley alone late at night because they fear a male might jump out and attack them'' ... it's a statement about a fear they have, it's not an implication that females are never violent and never attack anyone.
I don't think OP can tell me how you thought as a child, that's why I was asking *you* how the thought process worked for *you*.
Aggressively trying to change the subject to an unrelated issue which you wanted to replace it with
No, not your first comment - the one after that, and the one after that
I think it's only relevant if it leads to them using the erroneous line of reasoning ''I enjoy X and Y and Z activities and they say that only girls like X and Y and Z activities, therefore I must be a girl''
If you go to the box office website at 9am on the day the tickets are released for general sale (Thursday 4th February), it will put you in a queue and you will probably get lucky if you're there within the first few hours of sale ... you need to register your details to be able to log in to buy tickets, so it's worth registering in advance so you can log in on the day
I didn't mean that the child is using conscious reasoning, but that they might be using that line of reasoning deeper in their mind and maybe never question where their original belief came from. I do think there is a strong biological influence in one's interests, and if those interests have been designated by society as being for one specific sex only, then it could be deeply confusing for a child to feel that they have what feels like ''the brain of the opposite sex''.
The Earth and the eco system do not care what we do - we cannot ''destroy'' the eco system or the planet, we can only make it uninhabitable for our own species and some of the other species, but life itself will continue on without us ... it has been in a constant state of evolution from the beginning, with species dominating and killing and making the planet uninhabitable for other species ... we are only a transient form of life ... life existed before humans and will continue to exist after us.
Firstly the price - the ones I would want to go to are very expensive - secondly availability of tickets, and thirdly the weather - I only want to go in warm weather which rules out most of the season in England
It would sway me to vote to leave though, if I thought that those who want to stay are young vandals who have nothing but contempt for the older generation
But the child interprets all disapproval as personal - the child doesn't think ''They disapprove of my behaviour in this particular instance but they do not disapprove of the essence of who I am''.
Thank you, I'm off to check every pint glass in the cupboard - will report back - if I'm gone for some time, it's not because we have hundreds of glasses, it's because I'm supposed to be washing dishes. \* Well that was interesting - we have 4 different pint glasses and only 2 of them had the crown and numbers on, but both were exactly the same number, even though the glasses are different styles and bought in different parts of the country - 2043 which apparently is Verrerie Cristallerie D’Arques J G Durand &amp; CIE
Part of your definition was ''It doesn't mean you don't want to have sex.'' and then you went on to explain that some ''asexual'' people desire to have sex with others - so if this is your definition which you are teaching to others and encouraging others to accept, don't you think you need to be able to make sense of it and support it with reasoning?
So if they've never seen anyone who they find sexually attractive, how do they know what kind of person they are looking for to have sex with?
How is it at all satisfying to have sex with someone who they don't find attractive though? And if they are going around so desperate to have sex with other people that any unattractive person will do, that doesn't sound like they are ''asexual''.
Well I thought your example of the non-asexual person was to explain how it is for the asexual person who wants to have sex with other people but who doesn't find anyone attractive.
I was confused because I thought the blue was the sky, so I came to the comments to find out how they are supported up so high with invisible supports
Males get a lot more praise for doing something that is traditionally done by females, such as caring for babies and children or cooking a family dinner - it's like females are just expected to be able to do certain things. You can see this in r/pics - thousands of upvotes for photos of fathers styling their daughter's hair or having a tea party with their daughter - photos of mothers doing those things wouldn't be so popular.
'male and female' denote 'biological sex' while 'man and woman' denote 'gender identity'
All I can find is Ben saying you can filter out posts related to the election but apparently it's too difficult to do the same for transgender discussions, for reasons not explained ... I couldn't find anything about American Politics in general - could you point me to it?
That's your way of telling me to shut up and get out, which is pretty much my original point about how you silence people who don't agree with you, which is rather ironic given that this is supposed to be a CMV forum.
So when you said ''Something like that, yeah'' you meant ''No, nothing like that'' ...? To clarify: do they, or do they not, wish to have sex with other people?
No, it's not a straw man, it's an extreme point on the continuum, being used as an illustration of the potential problem with teaching a child that there is no shame in repeatedly and wilfully behaving badly ... and some parents *do* have to deal with their children spitefully attacking their siblings, classmates and small animals - it's not that rare, and I don't know if it's healthy to teach them that they have no reason to be ashamed of themselves. If a child has no choice and no control over a behaviour, such as wetting the bed while they sleep, then I agree it is very important to teach them that they have no reason to feel ashamed, and it's not their fault ... but if they are wilfully acting out spiteful and destructive urges, it's better to hold them personally responsible for the choices they are making, not distancing them from their unacceptable behaviour. Otherwise you are encouraging them to be sociopaths who only ever obey the rules for the purpose of avoiding punishment.
I'm getting the same thing on my PC browser page - I'm using google Chrome, and just had a look on Internet Explorer and it's there as well ... I'm pretty sure it wasn't there when you first put the banner up, so it might be one of the later CSS additions interfering with it
1,163,440
I like the way they've used the old gates for a real purpose, as the barrier at the side of the staircase
Yes, I do understand that words are used differently in formal psychology to the way they are used in general discussions like this - but surely if you are aware of the difference you would know when to use the formal definitions and when to use the colloquial definitions, instead of insisting on using the formal definitions in what is quite obviously an informal discussion ... it's like you're going into a kitchen where people are making a fruit pie and saying ''Actually, rhubarb isn't a fruit, it's a stem'' ... you're trying to make people ''wrong'' when you are the one who is using inappropriate definitions.
Could this have been salvaged with a nice ''No, sorry, I didn't mean I want to get past, I was apologising for accidently kicking you''
You're beyond wrong now, you're into the realms of not even making sense
I would have given it a try
Does this apply to all groups who are fighting against discrimination, or just women? If another group, for example a racial minority or gay people, are fighting for equal rights, and the fight goes on for so long that you get sick of hearing about it, do you say they should just shut up?
It is *not* for females only - it says ''open to all people who identify as women'' and that clearly includes males ... this is *not* sex segregation, anyone can go in there, but as usual, females are getting the backlash, when females would probably not dare to request a female-only space at Glastonbury
This is *far* from being pedantic - there is a *huge* difference between a space for ''biologically female people'' and a space for ''anyone who identifies as a woman'' ... this difference has a huge effect on certain groups of people, it is not a trivial and irrelevant detail
Presumably they will just allow anyone to enter, and if they have any doubts, they will ask the bunch of males who will reply ''We are women!'' And actually, all this is becoming very relevant to the real world - society is changing in some rather disturbing ways, such as allowing males into the women's prisons now, if the males claim to be women.
Removing gonads at an early age can have long term health risks due to the loss of hormone production, so it requires decades of hormone treatment which can carry its own risks ... one could argue that removing a leg and using an artificial leg is less risky to the health.
They are using a new ticket agent, so I don't know if it will be the same, but last season their policy was to wait until the stadium was completely sold out, and then release any seats which season ticket holders wanted to sell - and there were usually several hundred seats available, at the original price for those seats - so if you keep checking the ticket office website every day, there's a good chance you could get lucky
The Red Pill is a great example of Confirmation Bias - the entire culture is founded on a feedback loop of observing how *some* women behave, and concluding that this is how ''women'' behave, and thereafter only counting those women who fit the stereotype ... any woman who does not fit their stereotype is dismissed as irrelevant. And there are plenty of women who *do* fit their stereotype, so your studies and your personal experiences and your observations will certainly support your view - but that still leaves plenty of women for those who would prefer a healthy relationship.
Yes, it was obviously easy for you to assume, but I'm telling you that you assumed wrong - you went in the wrong direction with what I was thinking - it was *not* an attempt to make her claim less credible - I was thinking something entirely different, which made my observation of her posting history relevant - you would have been correct in your naming of a logical fallacy if my observation was an attempt to undermine her credibility, but you were wrong.
She has been vilified right from the very beginning, even though JM was clearly the one in the wrong - the vilifying started when she simply thanked people for their support, before she had said or done anything in response to JM's behaviour - so whatever she did in response she would be further vilified, unless she had stayed silent and obedient and allowed him to get away with it
David Sullivan's son said they are [not interested in TW](https://twitter.com/jsullivanwhu/status/739814794677616640)
''female brain'' would be ''brain of a biologically female person'', you don't literally have biologically male people with ''female brains''
[comment deleted because apparently the majority have ruled that this youtube video does not count as free advertising, and I don't need to be told any more times, I get the message] [I'm feelin ... glad all over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyPS5ZNHr0I)
Why would it cost significantly more to re-allocate a small amount of prison accommodation? It's not like there would be more prisoners, they would just be segregated differently
I have found it pretty easy to avoid reading about it - I recognise the names and a few of the faces but I skim over the headlines so I don't really know much at all about what each of them is advocating for
While I would agree that the universe might well be one big interlinked energy system, and that solidity is an illusion etc, we still have to live within the way we perceive it, and have to organise our society, and that entails naming things which we perceive as objects and groups of objects ... it's not perfectly accurate, but societies would be a lot more doomed if we gave up trying to communicate these concepts.
Reading all these comments it looks like there are plenty of people who are worried about the government knowing what they do online - maybe buying drugs or looking at dodgy porn ...?
If anyone took the time to spy on my life, they would probably die of boredom
Was the tape an advert for medication?
Surely that would be an issue between the sponsor and the club, perhaps punished with a fine, not an issue which affects the game and needs to be punished by booking the player?
If the queues are very long I think it's ok to do that - I used to do this at Christmas when my kids were young - the queues were about 40 minutes long, so we would get the fresh veggies then get in the queue, then I would send the kids off to fetch things, or would leave the kids in charge of the trolley while going off to fetch things - it helped to reduce the amount of bored kids in the supermarket, and it seemed like a sensible and acceptable thing to do - others were doing it and I didn't sense any disapproval
Where do you get your belief that condoms don't work? Anyway, like I said, if any individuals are that concerned about being infected with a serious disease, they could refrain from having risky sex with strangers.
1,172,363
What are you planning to do with all this food in the event that you don't need it due to no disaster happening? It sounds like a terrible waste of food, because you would either dump it or spend a couple of years eating it all - more likely to dump it because it's not as good as fresh food which will still be readily available
So you only need to make a few sandwiches before you leave really
Depending on which country you are in, being married gives both of you a long list of legal rights which you don't get if you are living together unmarried.
They need 16 teams out of 24, so they take the winners from each group (6) and the second place from each group (6) and the remaining 4 are the best third place teams
The primary purpose of guns is to kill people, while the primary purpose of cars is to travel in
I think he means that he wants to be able to control immigration into the UK, not the EU
Like I said, the modern tradition is no longer seeing the father as the ''owner'' of the daughter, but more of her ''protector''. If OP asked all these girlfriends why they want their father's blessing on their marriage proposal, they would probably not explain it in terms of their father owning them, but in terms of their father protecting them from unsuitable men.
But we wouldn't have to accept EU immigrants in order to trade with the EU.
It's all part of the same process - patriarchal societies evolved because males are stronger than females and because females took care of the babies - it worked well for humans to push the males into the role of provider and protector.
But if I read an article from an unreliable source and thought it was a load of crap, I wouldn't post it here, I would just ignore it
You want opinions, and my opinion is that ''content and discussion about the club'' can be of a higher standard than ''Hey look at this, I think it's a heap of crap''
Well yes, given the kind of contribution you prefer, I would imagine that is how you perceive me
I don't know what you are talking about now
I thought West Ham were supposed to be getting a home game for their first game of the season...? WHU have had a countdown clock on their website for months, since last Autumn, counting down the seconds till their first PL game at the Olympic Stadium
[Week by week fixture list](http://www.premierleague.com/en-gb/news/news/2016-17/jun/2016-2017-premier-league-fixture-list.html)
Oh dear, you're getting further and further away from the point
If people are able to freely travel to Chicago from out of town without being searched, then it makes no difference if Chicago has strict gun laws - even a total ban on guns is useless if it isn't enforced. Anyway, you're still avoiding the point.
Gun control doesn't mean the police cannot use guns ... I live in a country with very strict gun laws, and not even most police officers carry guns ... in public places, the only people with guns would be, as you say, either police or criminals ... but it's a lot safer than you seem to think, and it would be way more dangerous if we had USA style gun laws
You lost me - I don't understand what you are saying - are you saying we cannot trade with the EU unless we agree to allow EU immigrants in?
I'm not sure that's right though - why would we have to allow EU immigrants in? The EU trades with countries all over the world, and those countries are not obliged to accept EU immigrants ... or are they?
It's the only honest answer, and if any other politicians are claiming to know what will happen, I would be skeptical.
I was actually talking to the OP originally, and my point is relevant in that discussion - point being that following a gender role tradition is not automatically bad.
But I never put it forward as a ''spontaneous decision in a society without gender roles'' - I acknowledged that it is a gender role tradition, so you are totally misrepresenting my argument there.
No, that's very different.
No, I didn't say that ''guns do not correlate with greater violence'' and you haven't proven any such thing. ... you were the one who brought statistics of knife crimes into the discussion, but it's meaningless on its own, it needs to be compared in some kind of context, so I suggested a context, which isn't me shifting goalposts, it's me trying to give meaning to *your* shift in the topic. What exactly am I displaying which is correlated with criminal violence? I don't think a desire for strict gun control is correlated with criminal violence.
I'm not saying it's insurmountable, but I think that if marriage became a corporation with thousands of members, it would lead to marriage being abolished altogether.
Your response is so full of errors that I could spend all evening trying to correct you, but you are so very rude and so very unreasonable that I am bailing out now.
There's no easy answer to hooliganism, but it seems terribly unfair to punish the majority who are well behaved and enjoying the football ... I think the best long term solution is to focus on the individuals who behave badly, and punish them and ban them
Marrying into a cult or a big business corporation would offer benefits to members.
I think it's possible to do both, it doesn't have to be a choice of one or the other
The Spurs
OK, so if you support sibling marriage, do you also support parent-and-offspring marriage? Also, I'm curious now, which states allow sibling marriage? I haven't heard of that, if you mean in the USA.
I know, but it looks as if you were implying *something*, because since it was already obvious that there would be violence on the streets, why is it remarkable when NF says it?
While I agree that there is a certain amount of pressure on women to wear make up, I think it's a bit of an exaggeration to say it is ''a practically forced ritual'' ... if you *allow* people to wear make up and fashionable clothes and shoes and have their hair however they like it etc etc, there will always be social pressure on men and women to wear certain things in a certain way. I very rarely wear make up, because I prefer to feel fresh and clean, and also don't want to spend time putting it on and cleaning it off, and I really don't feel much pressure to wear it, any more than the pressure to wear fashionable clothes etc - it's certainly not being ''forced'' on me. It sounds like you choose to hang around women who place great importance on their make up - maybe you avoid women who aren't interested in it.
Well that changes everything - so now you admit that you have met plenty of women who say ''I don't wear make up, and don't feel much pressure to wear it'' but you consider their views to be less valid than the views of women who wear make up ... that in itself is very telling of *your* role in the societal pressure on women. It's like you just said to me ''Your view doesn't count, because you don't wear make up and you are in the minority, a freak of nature''.
I find that the radio and the TV commentary are usually not simultaneous - often the radio is ahead of the TV
A lot of heterosexual people are ''mistaken for closet gays'' but that doesn't qualify them to belong to the LGBwhatever community.
A person does *not* choose whether they like drinking alcohol or not - I'm talking about people who don't like it - there's nothing wrong with my analogy. And where on earth is this place where a couple are refused marriage if one or both of them openly declare (or if it is suspected) that they will never be having sex?
He did have one more season with Liverpool after that, but apparently not many people noticed.
It looked pretty definite: ''the 13/14 PL season, his last season ever for the club''
They do sometimes get yellow cards, but it's very difficult for the ref to be sure that the player faked it, especially when he only sees it very quickly from one angle - it's a big accusation to make, so they tend to err on the side of letting it go, in case he was tripped. If they were too quick to give yellow cards, they would often be wrongfully punishing the victims of genuine fouls.
This would require a big change in the game, to bring in video-replay referees, which is perhaps the bigger issue for another CMV before you get down to the issue of whether referees are too lenient on diving - because as it stands, referees *don't* have the benefit of video replays.
They do already give match bans for violent conduct when videos are reviewed after the match, but diving is relatively harmless, and the diving player already takes a chance that he will be booked by the referee during the match, so there is already discouragement from cheating due to the risk of being booked.
First you have to register with a GP (General Practitioner) and he will refer you to a specialist - you can't just go to a specialist on the NHS without a GP's referral. Again, if you are paying for it you can go direct to the specialist.
I'm not sure, but I think you can get an appointment to see a GP while your registration form is being processed ... you could choose your GP (it has to be near where you live) and explain your situation to the receptionist, and they will tell you what you have to do and how long it will take
It's not odd at all if you consider that I am not involved in any real-world feminist groups ... and if you are involved in a feminist group, that will skew your view enormously because you will then meet a lot of the type of men and women who are involved in feminist groups, and you won't meet so many who avoid such places. You accuse me of not being in a position to know that the feminist movement is being taken over by males - apparently you are unaware of the irony of your accusation ... I do have ways of observing how it's going, such as reading news articles and reading comments in feminist forums ... you don't need to visit a real-world Men's Rights group to know the movement is dominated by males, do you? So I don't need to visit a real-world feminist group to know the movement is becoming increasingly dominated by males.
I think it's a mistake to assume that older people are less able to make good political decisions than younger people ... the problem with young people is that they have far less experience of living under different political systems, and can be naive and idealistic when politicians make promises and persuade them to vote a certain way
The problem with single-issue parties is that they don't have any well-thought-out plans for how they would run the country in all other aspects - partly because they don't need any plans because they won't get elected
Listening to the radio, live from the stadium, quite some time after the match, they were saying the Irish fans were still in the stadium singing with the Welsh fans, and the players came out and it was a great big party atmosphere ... I was cheering for both teams through this tournament, they both have such a good attitude
I'm a bit confused about the rules in the sidebar - it seems to be a contradiction to say ''We agree that there is no innate gender identity, and that gender is a harmful social construct'' and then to say ''misgendering [is] banned'' ... if you believe that gender identity is a harmful construct, why would you so fiercely support it?
Don't you have tissues in your house?
No, I never proposed any changes and was never pushing for any - like I said, there will always be someone upset no matter what the rules are regarding pronouns, and I was only asking because it seems like a contradiction of the subreddit purpose.
Making it illegal also reduces smoking rates, so if it's a good enough argument for increasing the price, it's a good enough argument for banning it altogether.
Without looking at the article, your headline is a very unscientific conclusion - did you make up the headline yourself due to misunderstanding science, or is the article as poor as the headline?
Yes, and as I said, making it illegal would work even better, so we are going round in circles.
If you can't recognise your flawed logic, we are at stalemate.
This is not a good forum to get a balanced view of what British people think ... most of the redditors here were fiercely in favour of staying in the EU, and try to portray all those who wanted to leave as nothing more than ignorant old racists who have brought economic catastrophe upon the country
I don't know what point you are trying to make there
I'm English, cheering for Iceland \*confused\*
If foreigners support a premier league team, the team is usually made up of majority non-English players ... there were/are West Ham players in the Euros, but none of them are playing for England, so there's no connection with the England team
Some do and some don't - maybe this particular person wasn't bothered whether England picked West Ham players or not, and would only support any national team if it included a West Ham player
''Today'' as compared to when exactly? Yesterday? Ten years ago? 50 years ago? 200 years ago? 10,000 years ago? This may sound like a flippant question, but there have been times in human history when it was acceptable to kill strangers who landed on your shores, and who looked a bit suspicious ... and acceptable to go on trips abroad to round up the natives and bring them back to use as slaves.
Some small businesses thrive perfectly well by personal recommendation and building up a customer base, so they don't need to advertise or to communicate via the internet.
Not really, the mods removed it haha
Are laws and rights not based on what someone believes to be morally right and wrong?
Do you not think the laws are made in the first place because there is some degree of social agreement that certain things are morally right and wrong?
Are there not more male surgeons than female surgeons in *every* specialist field of surgery though? There are not many jobs which require years of study and training where females outnumber males.
I had an imaginary bet that Iceland would beat England 2-1 but I forgot to look up the odds, so now I don't know how much I would have won ... is there any way to find out what bookie odds were after the event?
I had to look on the map to see where exactly it is, apart from ''somewhere oop north'' ... it's near the beautiful Peak District - do you like cycling?
It's a developing human life - it doesn't suddenly become human at some arbitrary time later in development
''In talks'' could mean ''Can we have Matt Richie please'' - ''No you can't'' - ''Oh please, we'll give you loads of money'' - ''I said no, now go away''
Sounds like someone thinks that wanting to take control of your own country is the same as wanting to destroy it
''The lifeboat is becoming overloaded, it will sink if we don't stop people climbing in, we have to get away from here'' ... ''But we have no plan, it will destroy the lifeboat if we stop letting them climb in'' ... I don't think so
Looks like folks are missing the point of the analogy
Yes, because Brits won't be allowed out of the country any more, and we won't be able to import baked beans any more
I had some concerns about leaving the EU, but after seeing the shocking amount of ignorance and exaggerated fears from those who think it's the end of the world, I am reassured that maybe it was the best decision if this is the mentality of those who wanted to stay
Every lifeboat has a maximum capacity, and when it starts getting a bit too low in the water, that's a warning sign
By the time a pregnancy begins, the number of human lives developing is already determined
They fiddle the unemployment figures these days - they use different ways of making it look less than it is, compared to a few decades ago
It's not a case of 'truths' because no-one knows the future, it's a case of 'reasonable possibilities', of which there are more than two
I did explain but you rejected my explanation - I think we are done now
Why should a person's perception of gender be restricted only to the other person's physical appearance? Do blind people not have the same right to perceive gender in others? Physical appearance is only one factor involved in the perception of gender.
And what about other senses - what if someone perceives another as male or female due to the things they say or the things they do?
Why don't you switch channels while he's out of the room?
ok, so now we are back to the question: how is it even possible to misgender someone if the beholder decides what gender you are?
