It also takes a bit for people to learn him when he has no less than 45 abilities.
No, it does, and he's right. The question is who deserves it, the people who have money, or the people who do work? A pure capitalist society doesn't work. Besides just the tragedy of the commons, capitalism tends to coalesce wealth all at the top, leading to things like [robber barons](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robber_baron_(industrialist\)). Capitalism does a ton of things extremely well, but it's a system designed by man and not by god. We need to address where it fails, which is not terribly difficult to do. We did a fairly decent job of it between WW2 and Reagan. We had a healthy middle class, where one family member was able to own a house and provide for his family. Education wasn't terribly expensive, and there was opportunity for everyone to reach at least that healthy middle class somewhat easily. We *landed on the moon* during this time. We can do this again.
Manipulating the system that determines how much value you provide to society is much easier than actually providing value to society.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
Because the top 1% have as much wealth as the bottom 90%. If we make that just a little more even, we can clearly largely improve the lives of those 90%. And it won't even significantly affect the quality of life of that top 1%. Well, There's no reason we can't do both, but my first concern is America. Capitalism is good. So is water. You'll still die if you drink six gallons of water in an hour.
To be fair, you have to go to some extremes for this to be the case. There's a *very* short list of places where the standard of living is that high. Regardless, I don't think most of the Sanders camp is interested in those bringing home under a million a year and paying an effective rate higher than capital gains on it.
The top **marginal** rate is 39.6% for a single individual making $400,001+ a year. And that's marginal, not effective.
You're in Brave? They should have pocos set up for you in null where you don't have to pay the 10% interbus poco tax on top of alliance taxes. Try to find a system with a good mix of planets that has brave pocos, but isn't overfarmed. If brave doesn't have pocos down already, you can help get that done. It isn't terribly difficult. If there's a suitable place that isn't set up already, you *should* be able to ask Brave leadership to help get it done. Especially if you show some effort and are willing to organize and help. You need a customs office gantry, and 8 each of four p4 PI materials for each customs office you want to put up. You can quietly get a few people, hand out some Amarr destroyers, and ask them to come help you bash the existing pocos, etc. You'll need someone with anchoring roles to put them down for you. I'm sure if you contact Fomol Brewguard or someone from Brave Provisions or Nancy Crow that they'd help you out.
And what about the difference between marginal and effective? And aren't social security and medicare taxes capped at something like $125k income?
We need to allocate it fairly and give up the illusion that the free market was designed by god. Money is nothing more than a system to measure how much you contribute to society and what society owes you in return. When it becomes more efficient to manipulate the system of measurement than to actually contribute to society, we have an issue. When the people who collectively contribute the most to society see rather meager rewards as a result of those contributions, we have an issue.
Which of these do you disagree with? * Voted YES on allowing firearms in checked baggage on Amtrak trains. (Apr 2009) * Voted YES on prohibiting foreign &amp; UN aid that restricts US gun ownership. (Sep 2007) * Voted YES on prohibiting product misuse lawsuits on gun manufacturers. (Oct 2005) * Voted YES on prohibiting suing gunmakers &amp; sellers for gun misuse. (Apr 2003)
I'm considering upgrading to the lifetime sub as well. It's a risk, but it's potentially a win/win. If the game is successful, that money will mean more to them now than it will after release, and it'll save me money in the long term.
I'm pretty sure we're not going to intentionally kill innocent civilians for training exercises.
Because at least a few people involved would see how wrong it was and make sure of it. It's a lot easier to hide something that is easier to rationalize morally.
It's also not clear who hit who. The moto guy may have been trying to cut off the BMW, since he was obviously trying to box him in the rest of the time. It's still a hit and run though. No matter whose fault it is, there's no excuse for leaving the scene.
Spot on. &gt;Anyone who was around back then remembers that people 'suspended their disbelief' in order to follow a fantastic story of how the two tied together. Jesus, yes. It was fucking dumb as hell. I still remember the posters with Iraq and Al Qaeda with the Qs circled and trying to tell people they have nothing else in common. I went to a more conservative school (Purdue), but alongside the anti-war protests, there were certainly pro-war protests going on right across the street. In the middle of the night, someone hung a noose near the anti-war camp. There was just no amount of common sense and logic that could cut through the Fox News bullshit.
Some of the people voting supposedly believed there was a large difference between voting for war and a vote that might lead to war. It was sold as allowing the president to use his best judgment to decide what was necessary when it was necessary. In hindsight, there obviously wasn't a difference, and the president had already made up his mind before the vote.
Maybe he can code everything as minions here too!
Meta posts need to be here. That's kind if like saying, "If you want to criticize the government, all you have to do is leave first." Meta posts being removed from here gives them absolutely no power at all. I understand how this would seem attractive to the moderation team, but it's a terrible idea.
It's a dumb thing to do because it takes the same number of games, whether you spend time on the extra games in plat 1 or diamond 5. In fact, dodging costing you 3lp per dodge probably causes you to need to play an extra game or two.
Because people are dumb and like to be dramatic.
It's going to be the same as any other league. If your mmr is where it should be, you'll lose and gain the same number of lp.
&gt;though it's unclear at this point which companies are showing internet
&gt;You're comparing having to pull off a 10 game winstreak vs maintaining 50% winrate. No, you're not. If you're only maintaining a 50% win rate, you're not going to climb regardless, unless you're already playing against diamond 3+ people. And in that case, the diamond V slump would have no effect on you. If your mmr is 120 points above your league, you'd still gain more than lose when you hit diamond V regardless. You ARE comparing playing 50 games to playing 50 games.
That's incredibly short-sighted.
&gt; This is EXACTLY why so many people get stuck in D5, and exactly why D5 has so many people in it. Because +15lp and -30+ lp corresponds to the same mmr drops. I'd say it's because Division V of every league contains everyone who averages there AND everyone who peaked there. The same reason all the other leagues have more people at division V. Also diamond V has a 200 mmr range where every other division is 100 mmr. Basically if you barely make diamond V, you're really in diamond VI. You can use the same dodging strategy to skip from gold IV to gold II, but no one recommends that. &gt;I guess the reason people are disagreeing is because they don't understand/realise that your lp gains are dependant not JUST on your MMR but also current league Sure, because if you're in a much lower league than your MMR is appropriate for, you'll get much larger gains, etc. In the end, however, you end up in the right place enough games. Basically all the leagues do is smooth out the short-term variance that you see. **MMR affects LP. LP does not affect MMR.** This is the crux of the issue. Proving this true or false pretty much decides the argument here. &gt;51% winrate will get you climbing, if your MMR is higher than where you are. That's true regardless of this diamond V issue.
I think I'm going to start calling myself a homeopathic doctor. I know absolutely nothing about medicine, but I don't think that actually matters. I'm just giving people water anyway. As long as I don't tell them to drink 5 gallons in an hour, I think I'm good.
Jesus, the brave response to the FC getting headshot is to leave the field? That's awkward.
And a lot of private companies *will* reimburse you or have programs for the metro.
That's a pretty easy trojan to make. I've written it in the past (as a script for legitimate purposes), and I'm currently running a dynamic dns client that does the same thing.
Not terribly difficult, just make it useful. You can find a link to mine [here](http://www.leaguereplays.com/download/) ^(not really)
It does pull you under.
Anything you used to replace it would have the same consequences. Really, we just shouldn't be treating SSN as secret information. It's difficult to identify a person by just name. There are so many variants. SSN serves as a good identifying primary key in a database. A SSN is not a password. And security questions are terrible.
Until one guy uses Rob and Robert interchangeably, or a woman gets married, etc. It should actually be fine to use SSN for this. We just shouldn't pretend that SSN is a secret half the time. Using "the last 4 of your social" for access to something isn't much different than using "what's your last name".
First, your team isn't going to agree, because they're likely already fighting. Second, that takes 5 minutes on its own.
There's still a vote that requires 75% of your team to agree. Personally, if the team is neutral or positive, I don't mind playing it out. This is the game of throws, and when one team gets ahead, it's very easy for them to try to 1v4 all the time and lose. But do you know how rarely it happens that your team gets significantly behind and doesn't become toxic? And your teammates fighting each other is a much worse disadvantage than the other team trying to 1v4. Because when your team fights like that, you never *get* the chance to 4v1 because no one will work together.
&gt;if your team is positive Those aren't the games I want to get out of. I'm willing to play from behind. I don't want to play with my team raging at me/each other and also very far behind. [Here's](http://serinus.us/screenshots/20150606061429360.png) a good example. No one wants to play the last five minutes of that game, I promise. http://matchhistory.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/#match-details/NA1/1844145935/32563441?tab=overview
Jesus, it looks like it cut through 75% of his arm. Amazing that it didn't hit the brachial artery. What kind of conditions would it take to survive a clean cut to the brachial artery like that? If you could somehow manage to get a 5 second response time from the ambulance, would you even have the equipment/ability to save him then?
It could have been a power trip. But there's probably a greater than 50/50 chance he was doing what he's supposed to do as an attending. I'm sure he knew you could handle it, and your cutting wasn't detrimental.
You know "easy" and "all day every day" kinda conflict.
That's fair. &gt;"what would this patient want, if she were conscious and included in the decision?" To never have a first time surgeon, but we all know how that works.
Too many useless options is a terrible thing too.
This is why people don't vote in primaries. Any links to info? https://voterinfo.sbe.virginia.gov/PublicSite/Public/FT2/PublicElections.aspx that site isn't even showing an election. Only certain districts and counties, it seems?
We didn't want Beijing air, but we weren't aiming for Alaska wilderness air. We were thinking more of 1990 LA as our goal.
Yeah, going to have to disagree with you there. Signs is the only movie where I actually sat down and wrote an essay about how fucking awful it was. I still have that notepad file around here somewhere. Does no one else remember the line, "his lungs were closed"?
Did you ever play enfo's, a Warcraft 3 custom map? Basically a competitive hero defense with two teams that would indirectly affect each other. It's a style of game that's fairly unique. I don't think it can go as far as moba has, but there's potential there for something small. Thank you for bringing trpgs back!
I was just talking to a friend about similar things the author of this article mentions. Yes, the lack of character attachment is certainly a bad thing in some ways. But it's also a good thing, and it brings a kind of balance and gameplay to chalice that xcom lacks. A character dying or aging five years in chalice had the right kind of strategic weight. It's very relevant, and you certainly feel it, but it doesn't ruin the game the way it does in xcom. Making characters somewhat expendable adds weight to your decisions that makes the game fun. I would have liked the characters to live a bit longer, but the game is already long at 300 years. You have to be careful in a trpg, because things can get repetitive and tedious really quickly. They did a great job of walking a tightrope that may have been impossible to get right, and I'm not sure the author realizes the benefits of the approach they did take.
There's a patch on steam for specifically this. It just hasn't hit the console yet.
Make more keeps until you have enough young people to pick and choose a little. 3-4 keeps seems like the right number. The crucible is incredibly important. I skipped the sagewrights.
Eh, guys last what, two or *maybe* three battles? That's not very long, though I understand why.
Hey, in Reston they just use a device that unlocks all doors remotely.
That's not the problem with the current death recap though.
It shows what you're recording on the screen. If that's horizontal, it only makes sense to rotate the phone to match.
Programmers with multiple monitors will sometimes rotate one to be portrait. Usually not though.
I'd rather see most of the people kicked out of the command channels and be regulated to a command chat. Brave regularly has issues with the FC getting so caught up in command chatter that it makes it really easy to ignore their fleet. Communicating with your fleet shouldn't be a burden or something that you need to be reminded to do. FCs should be part of their fleet first, and in command second. I'm not blaming any individual FC for this. I'm saying that your command channel culture needs to fucking change. This isn't the first time a fleet has sat in silence for an hour, and if nothing changes (as is expected of Brave), it certainly won't be the last.
It'd be nice if someone could be sent back many exits asap to put up "exit now, all lanes blocked ahead" signs.
I mean, that IS what the shoulder is for. Not necessarily the situations you proposed, but for parking temporarily out of the way of traffic when needed. If the van was changing a flat tire or had the hood up, would that make it better? Otherwise it'd just be another lane. The shoulder is NOT another lane, and this is why.
Personally, I'd put the blame on the person who was driving on the shoulder and not paying attention, instead of the van parked on the shoulder.
Classified information is not allowed on personal hardware. ... Or to be shared with family.
Edit: see replies. Probably not, no. The files would be served by the OS, unencrypted. You can test this by plugging your phone into your PC through USB. Just see what your PC can access. Their hardware could theoretically access those same things. This one probably isn't, because it wouldn't be terribly difficult for an expert to test/detect, and it'd be horrible publicity. I doubt starbucks is that dumb, but it's possible. The OS could protect from this if they chose, but generally anything that has physical access to your USB port has access to data on your phone. They prefer "it just works" to security, and when it comes to your USB port, that's generally the right call.
THEY'RE NOT EVEN RECRUITING. At least not compared to dreddit~ (who is recruiting, by the way)
Seems you got quite a few people. All you have to do is make a good first sentence and follow it with a paragraph.
You know, this IS America. We used to do the same kind of thing *without* putting tolls on it. Thanks, Eisenhower.
Yeah, but who sees that return and when? If it's not going to show in a corporate balance sheet in the next two quarters, they don't care.
It's only four fifths full of shit. If you dig deep enough, there's a grain of truth at the bottom of his bullshit. Mortality rates are higher for the elderly after the death of a spouse. But it's not 100% as this guy makes it out to be.
And you're still being condescending with your "this is the internet" comment. &gt;they will likely be dead within that year. . &gt;With the elderly, losing social connections can be a death sentence. It's not the internet that is the problem here. It's you. Someone made the same point you were trying to make and has been upvoted. I've tried to help you all I can. We all make mistakes. Now it's just a matter of if you choose to use it to better yourself.
Playing on hard? Then again, on hard I can kill most anything in two turns.
&gt;"If developments continue along the lines of the Nordic countries with the poorest results so far, the employment rate and inequality in 2030 will be similar to France today. OH MAN. IF THINGS CONTINUE THIS WAY, THEY MIGHT BE ALMOST AS FUCKED AS WE ARE NOW. ^(but probably not)
Depends on who's defining "fair". So far it's been people with money and Fox News. I, for one, think working for a living should be more lucrative than manipulating money.
"Carry" alone is not a good reason to honor someone.
Oh, hey. So that's the way to get ribbons now. Skin boost every ARAM.
&gt; Also my honors are way more worth if I honor rarely They're not. They all have the same value.
I don't put my file out in public. I sync manually on my home network between my phone and my work laptop. Almost up to 100 passwords. But if I needed to, I wouldn't be terribly opposed to using Google drive.
Solar?
It still sounds a lot like "People are afraid of nuclear, so they couldn't source RTGs". No real need to differentiate between ESA and NASA.
Or just don't use Skype. That'd go a long way.
Or stop using Skype. There are better alternatives.
It's fundamental to how Skype works, peer to peer.
The two one nine.
Faster
What's wrong with Curse?
Except for, you know, your contact list.
Not necessarily. You're not allowed to set ridiculous booby traps on your property to punish someone for trespassing.
People will pop an iteron in high sec with a couple hundred million in it. You want a freighter service like red frog.
ID of the room, i'd say.
Sort that list by room ID descending, and look for anomalies. You're looking for rooms that have levels and actives higher than all the rooms around them. If you're level 1, just join any room. Something is better than nothing, and higher levels give you more time to join newer rooms. In a room of scripters, level 10 goes by in a second and you likely won't make it in time. Get at least a hundred levels under your belt before you try to join another.
Take the last part off of the URL so you're on the screen that asks to continue your game or start a new one. Then try the JavaScript console JoinGame('00000'); (with your room number)
&gt;incredibly easy to get additional responsibility. It is incredibly difficult to get promoted Sounds like one dude's grudge. &gt;Overbearing control around brand perception can make some player-facing roles really unappealing. Don't rage in games if you're a Rioter. Good. &gt;startup mentality where people think they can just call folks into a room/meeting That really does help if you can do that. I'm not a fan of full-time remoters. I'd like everyone to be in the office at least two days a week. Then again, I wouldn't put the office in SF. I'd put it in the Midwest where things are cheap. Chattanooga, TN sounds good. People will move to work at Riot. &gt;Hiring feels SLOW. Good. It's real easy to hire people. It's real hard to fire them, and not just for legal reasons. &gt;only alpha personalities are valued You'll have that. It can be mitigated my facilitation, definitely, and that should be a goal. But generally, those who speak up are the ones who get heard. **tl;dr Most of this stuff sounds like the natural consequence of many people working together.**
r/undelete
It's also not quite true.
Put ranked team builder into ranked fives please. We need to encourage building solid groups where people have the choice to continue playing together, and allowing pick up groups is the way to do that. Have 3 teammates on and need a fifth? The game should be able to find a pug of appropriate elo, allow you to talk to them (and get them in comms), and if all agree, hit the queue button. You'll find when people get to choose their role and have some structured flexibility in who they play with, the game will be much less toxic.
Your entire system sucks for finding pugs for your group. If you want to play as a team, you have to have a schedule, which isn't realistic for most people. Finding a team is a hassle, even besides the schedule issue, and when you do, they'll be of vastly different skill level. Even when I have 5 people, talking them into ranked fives is a pain, and making a team and inviting them is painful too. Don't be so rigid on the teams, please. Challenger series can work around this somehow. You need the ranked fives queue to be more popular anyway.
Picking a champ and sticking to it when possible is right. Don't let anyone tell you they've mastered 15 champs. They haven't. Mastering a champ means you know ~ 15 matchups intimately. 15 * 15 matchups is a ton of stuff to keep in your head. And if you haven't played a matchup at least a dozen times, you haven't mastered it. 15 * 15 * 12 is a pretty unreasonable number of games for a beginner. Have a main or two. Be comfortable on a couple more. Know the abilities of a couple more and know how to farm without feeding and you should be good.
It's not an unreachable goal. It's just one we'd have to try for, which is more a matter of how much players care about it. If the stretch goal were the replay system or a new client, I guarantee we'd hit it. (Of course hiding functionality behind stretch goals would be bullshit.)
Can you even believe i came up with that independently? I mean, there's a pretty straightforward reason that people always say that. That being said, it doesn't help that half the people who end up as support don't want to be playing it. It certainly shows in their play.
That's fair. I like coding in general, no matter what it's for, so it's not like a choice between riot and building a railroad or something.
She has a PhD in memeology.
There would be if they said yes.
Decent OO doesn't use factories and doesn't have eight layers of abstraction. I know we're swinging back towards functional programming, and that's probably good. Bad functional is probably better than bad OO. But OO will come back, just don't be ridiculous with how many layers of abstraction you use. And I've **never** been happy to see a factory class in code.
WARNING: the remainder of this thread is a huge tangent. So here's the big thing where conservatives and socialists disagree, in my opinion. Money and "the free market" is not a god-given system. Left alone, capitalism naturally results in monopolies, investment (having money) being by far the best way to generate new capital, incredibly low social mobility, and coalescing wealth (and political power) in the hands of very few. Pure capitalism left alone eventually leads to a nobility class, and essentially feudalism. We're already working on wiping away the estate tax *which only takes effect after five million dollars*. Capitalism is great, but it's a system designed mostly by man, and it's not perfect in every way. Money *should be* a measure of what society owes a person. Conservatives believe that to be true in and of itself, that money is that measure given by god, and don't recognize that it's a measure designed by man, fallible, and in need of adjustment/controls.
I don't think anyone will argue for New York's taxi medallion system. To say that government is the cause of every barrier to entry is extremely foolish or disingenuous.
It's standard boilerplate because they know they can get away with it, not because they care about a particular instance. To even have a chance at renegotiating, he'd have to walk away completely from this deal, and in the end they'll likely just present their corporate penis to him and wiggle it suggestively in his face while giving him the finger. It's some work and competence to track his future and sue over it, so it probably won't happen. But they'll get the option to do so. Corporate versus individual negotiating is not a balanced fight. That's the whole reason unions ever existed. Source: I signed a very similar thing for my current employer after trying to negotiate and nearly getting fired over it.
You might try talking to the random guys at 7-11 or Lowes right now. Don't commit, just talk to them, get the layout, and maybe get a phone number. After all, they're there because they're looking for work. Some dudes standing outside 7-11 everyday looking for work sounds better to be than random people from craigslist.
But... A laptop with dual graphics cards makes absolutely no sense. Why is it not just a suitcase pc at that point?
C# mostly.
Incredibly appropriate. Politician speaks to very few people, tries to make it seem like he's speaking to everyone.
Heresy. BURN THE WITCH!
Yeah, in 1965 we would've been so jealous of having our wives working full time, leaving our children in child care, and working until we're 80.
I'm a democrat, but Eisenhower was pretty good. The space race/nasa, opposed McCarthy, DARPA, his farewell address, interstate highway system, little rock desegregation, continued new deal, expanded social security, and believed education was a strategic asset. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_D._Eisenhower
/u/perhapsnaked Why did you get a notification here, perhap snaked?
Just showing that I could hit your inbox without replying to you. But now that I'm replying to you that doesn't work as well.
Talking about W and the Iraq quagmire? Or Clinton and W and the financial crisis of 2008?
Better to own it than to try to fight a term that clearly applies. We tried not using liberal terms with Obama, and look what we got. A moderate 1950s style Republican.
Eh, this one make sense. So would tupac or rage against the machine.
Seems... salty.
I clicked it because it had a lot of upvotes. Something popular can't possibly be that bad, right? ... Wrong. Won't make that mistake again.
You mean they never look when making that wide left? Because they wide left is not legal, while the right turn is.
Sorry, Europe.
They're just starting out and still learning. I don't know a ton about traditional sport drafts and free agents and contracts and whatnot, but I'm sure with some constructive feedback and some time, riot will start to fix these things.
http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3ay6av/youngbuck_leaves_copenhagen_wolves/csh3oju &gt;There's a ton of misinformation, deliberate or not about this, so I'll clear it up. Deficio used to play for CW, he is now a riot caster. CW made Deficio a job offer as manager, and then Deficio started approacing players on other teams who were under contract and trying to get them to join CW. This is a serious breach of the trust teams put in Riot not to favour one team over another. Imagine if you're fnatic and there's a Rioter, especially a famous one, trying to lure your players onto another team. People are misrepresenting the situation because it involves a job offer and they see that as positive, but it comes down to this: Deficio abused his position and dragged Riot's integrity through the mud for personal gain. He got caught, and that's why he's being punished. Not for any retarded "didn't tell riot about a job offer" narrative people are trying to pass it off as.
Maybe. No one really knows. It could also be that one of them was the snitch, toxic team environment, etc. Often making career choices like this takes more than one thing too, so anything could have been the last straw.
Or it could be a lot simpler than that. If someone doesn't know, they're likely to believe the first thing told to them that makes sense.
At least in the short term.
You're also typically worried about the hospital visit on top of it. The ambulance ride isn't the scary part.
They do, because that's a claim that the average, reasonable person would believe. And I'm sure they will if you ask.
That second part is a good point. The first seems kind of irrelevant. My point was the rent is extreme, and the number gives some (though obviously not complete) context.
It could be his way of trying to draw you into his meditation cult. You're much more likely to accept it if it's your idea, so he's just working to make it your idea. And he's frustrated that you haven't asked and/or joined him yet. Why aren't you a scientologist yet? Just a theory. Not likely, but a possibility, and an important one to keep in mind.
The manhole covers are loose?
Both can be guilty of this pretty easily. Yes, this happens slightly more often on support. There are plenty of ADCs, though, that will say "I just want to farm" and not punish the enemies at all when they poke your aggressive support.
Learn English.
I've been playing ap soraka support, which is a monster in lane and has two big power spikes. She's a pretty big bully at levels 1-3. Then at 4 or so when you force a back and get tear, you have infinite sustain and can out harass any sustain they have. After the next back, you'll start to fall behind if you don't pick up some AP. I really don't wanna give any of that up for the sightstone. And shortly after that you're level 9. Plus I got really sick of my sweepers having such little effect, especially upgraded. It's doable. Might save me a bit of individual ward buying. But I'll miss having that lane dominance. I've always been a player that loses lane and wins games, so it's really nice for me to start winning lane most of the time, even if it is on the back of abusing my opponent's sightstone dip.
Thank god. I hope it works. He needs it.
&gt;You tell someone to "Learn English." with a sentence fragment. Perhaps it's you that should learn English. http://www.learnenglish.de/grammar/moodimperative.html
No, or it'd be called appending to the Constitution instead of amending.
&gt;I bet reddit gold that the mods will remove this. I'll take that bet. Mods will not remove this. Edit: fair enough. That was quick. 9 minutes.
A family member of mine was in a car accident clearly caused by the other dude (and tried to hit and run), who happened to be a lawyer. Dude then promptly sues my family, ford, and everyone else he can think of. State farm paid for a plane ticket, hotel, rental car, lawyer, etc. to fight the guy in court instead of settling. They were actually really great. They spent a good bit of money. I bet a lot of places would have just settled for a low amount to avoid the litigation, but I bet this saves them in the long run. The guy did get off on his hit &amp; run attempt though. Not sure how that happened. After the accident pushed both cars into the grass near a commerical parking lot on a corner, he tried to leave the parking lot out of the other exit. Our car, still running, sped to the exit and cut him off, preventing him from leaving the scene.
I mean, there is some truth to that. All their paid content is completely voluntary. It's also why I generally prefer a subscription model. I'd rather pay my $5-15 a month than be nickel and dimed though playing. Riot's micro-transaction model is actually pretty good, though the price of runes and rune pages really should come down.
&gt;Kinda depended on the game creator's ruleset. And then there was an 80% chance that someone wouldn't respect those rules. All hail *actual* ARAM format.
Nancy, you'd make an excellent leader of Brave. It's a shame you're not a little more ambitious.
I've found that under 20mil SP or so, the best way to use these points is to not spend them immediately. Hoard them. Every time you're going to undock with a skill that has 2-24 hours left, insta-train it. I recently did this with Tornados. I joined a new alliance, flying a doctrine I hadn't trained for at all. Luckily, with my saved learning skill points, I was able to insta-train the doctrine pretty cheaply and undock in fives minutes. Maybe I wouldn't do this with the full 9mil SP, but I'd save a million or two.
I'm not really following this thing. However, as a developer in the US, I'd prefer to not have to leave the country to do certain types of software work.
Likely doxxed himself and revealed work information he wasn't supposed to.
That's odd, because the article says the opposite.
You know, if everyone is doing flights and hotel rooms *anyway*, you might consider putting those rooms on a boat. (A bahamas cruise wedding.)
Oh god, aebe, why gewns? (See below)
Slippery Pete's are great when FCed well. These aren't slippery petes. This is some missile abomination.
My, uh.. friend used to use a macro to fit frigates, but when they nerfed the multiboxing program last December, he stopped just in case.
Just the first one would help a ton. The others don't compare.
Then they get what they deserve?
That's apparent.
You can now get pets. Don't.
If they didn't do that, we wouldn't have any good AMAs. ^(please conveniently forget all AMAs before 2015).
Not quite. Duos should be taken out of solo queue, and this new queue should become either its own queue or the new ranked 5s queue.
How do you know he didn't already try to post in r/cleaveland ?
This is huge for programming, as basic as it sounds. It's very easy to get caught up in tools and how to do stuff and forget (or never really know) what it is you're trying to accomplish. For some people, this just gets worse with experience. It's helpful to explain to someone who knows the subject matter but doesn't know programming exactly what it is you're trying to do. You *can* use a rubber duck for this if a real person isn't available, but still explain it all out loud.
Protip: it's also true in poker most of the time. People are inclined to tell the truth.
Not strictly, no. But if you're regularly exceeding 40, something is wrong.
The OP got that across too, probably in a more effective manner.
I mean, I understand why you're pissed. We live in a society where workers have no power. Programming is exempt from this currently, but that probably won't last long. It's frustrating to see that bargaining power slip away in one of the few remaining professions that has it. It's even more frustrating when employees pander to this bullshit. But the OP did a decent job that can't easily be written off as a one-off incident, and I respect that. (Doctor is probably the other. Can't get a job as a lawyer these days from what I hear.)
The people complaining about tax brackets generally aren't receiving welfare. It's a completely different problem with different demographics and different terminology used to describe them.
You can always just leave. If course you also have to be concerned about revealing your IP.
He didn't imply it was well thought out. You can make these republican decisions either one step at a time (if you're an idiot that can't see two steps ahead) or plan it all out that way (if you can see two steps ahead and don't care). Either way it works out well for them.
&gt; Kind of wondering if/why other groceries don't swoop in and take up that sweet spot. Because the entire story is made up bullshit.
And it's important because players were getting screwed out of their salaries by their organizations. Yes, there are issues, but Riot isn't wrong here.
He's still from Russia, which doesn't have the best relationship with the West right now.
If he's using VGA, I think the resolution is 480?
I have a different theory. In mobas, there are hundreds of different little elements you can be good at. Everyone has their own set that they know and do well, and those are the ones they focus on, missing the others. You can have two people of equal overall skill, but in much different areas.
No, it wouldn't. You still wouldn't need the isk to fill all the orders at once, which is the point of the skill. This solution makes sense.
There are two wraith camps, and they respawn once every... 1:10 I think?
I think they make enough that it's fine, and it's good for them to see the kinds of bills the rest of us are paying.
Objection, vague. You're not going to win this one. They object no matter what and make a judge rule on it later. It makes it much more difficult to read that way.
You could do it with website scraping instead of the api. Then it becomes an arms race, and we all know how long it takes riot to make changes.
If you don't have a rank yet, it can start based on Riot's league. It's better than nothing.
If any Riot employees disagreed and thought solo queue should still come back, would they be discouraged from stating their opinion? They already can't come to Reddit and say "I think riot is wrong about solo queue.". Do they really have the opportunity to say so internally? You have an echo chamber where a few people are dominating the conversation. How much do you have to massage the data to get it to say what a few people want it to say? Why is having solo queue and dynamic queue separate such a problem? And when your echo chamber squirms to make up a bullshit answer... is that *really* something you can't work around if you try? Solo and dynamic can live together just fine. Bring back solo queue.
That removes all the drive to get a higher rank.
While the micro skillcap for StarCraft will always be higher than the micro for league, I think you severely underestimate the difference between playing a champion at 90% and 100%. Have you seen Huhi's azir? The skill gap in playing champions is noticeable even in the professional level. Faker is explicitly known as the guy with the largest champ pool. He's the exception that proves the rule, and even faker has champs he's better at than others. There are definitely one-trick ponies that people go to for advice on their champion. This wouldn't happen if any pro could just pick up Annie and play her as well as Annie Bot. The skill cap doesn't have to be *ridiculously* out of reach for it to still be effective. I understand why StarCraft requires 150 APM to be a professional, but I see that as a negative of the game, not a positive. (I think StarCraft would be more enjoyable to play at 25% speed and with some tweaks that would be needed as a result, but it'd be boring as hell to watch. It'd be more like watching a civ V game.)
Allowing people to pick up PUGs at a skill level equal to the team is important. You talk about commitment, but commitment is a big part of the problem with teams. The system I would have liked to see isn't much different from dynamic queue + solo queue. Have dynamic queue feed into ranked 5s. Also don't throw people straight into champ select. Give them a chance to talk with the team and get in voicd comms first. With a well supported system to find PUGs, ranked 5s could have flourished alongside solo queue.
A little bit of hypocrisy is better than a fucking Clinton or Trump presidency. I still don't know who I'd vote for. My biggest issue is wealth inequality, and I know Hillary will only make that worse. I don't know what Trump will do for wealth inequality. Literally the only thing that makes voting Trump a decision right now is the supreme court nominations. I may not vote for president, vote third party, or write in Bernie. Because I don't really want to vote for either Hillary or Trump.
Not nearly to the same extent. It's much easier for two people to carry a third.
I think the anger is definitely more about solo queue, replays, and sandbox. You know, things that are never coming, and the way they were all slowly dragged out to never happen. Though you're right to be vague as well. It just means people are looking forward to the stuff you announce. (Plus Riot moves at a glacial pace and about half the time in the wrong direction.)
Not if your team is willing to trade. It's basically strictly superior to the old system (with the exception of trios).
It makes perfect sense Iif the message is that hanzo is a shitty hero that you don't want on your team.
I'd love for someone to call for a general protest by abandoning ranked until we get solo queue back.
Can't pros just select fill and their problems are solved? It's just like old solo queue then. They can still use their reputation to ask for a role trade.
I could see dynamic queue replacing ranked 5s, with some small adjustments. Some time for the team to talk after being paired and before entering queue would be nice. This would give teams time to plan and join voice comms. Which means if you were looking for a more coordinated team, you'd join dynamic queue, even solo.
You mean if they refuse to cooperate with their teammates? Yeah.
Some of those need to be capitalized, sir.
Because last season part of being high elo was appeasing your teammates so you don't lose in champ select. This way is better. Berj can pick fill for lower queue times and hope someone will trade, or he can pick mid and wait. There's only so much riot can do, and this isn't the thing to fix. If
And it's not just that other people can do that. It's also that if you're trying to rank up, that's the optimal way to do it. No matter what you do, you're going to be outperformed by someone who's willing to go through all the team bullshit. Bonus rating if they have a set schedule and a full five man group. If you want to make the highest rating you can this season, you can't just queue up solo. You'll always do better with a group of about equal skill.
Not as distracting as the constant fucking replays, imo. Save the replays for after the game please.
Shouldn't scan anyway. It doesn't save you a relevant amount of time, and anything else is more useful in that slot. Have you considered scan rangefinding array?
I'd imagine it's more like zone defense vs person to person. Their ultimate goal is still to protect the people.
Let's not denigrate the officers. Their job is more than running the metal detectors. For a football analogy, I imagine it's more like zone coverage vs person to person. An agent can't do much about a trap being planted in a sensitive location.
They're both security for our government officials.
Even four divisions is plenty to have this same effect. The difference between silver V and silver I is vast.
You think if we got rid of government that those companies couldn't manage to create their very own barriers to entry for competitors? Do you think we should get rid of the concept of intellectual property?
By voting them all out, you're showing that you're too ignorant to do proper research and figure out which ones are good and bad. You seriously think the tea party is the way we want to go with this country? You think Ted Cruz is better than John McCain or Boehner?
So what's your personal stance on the EPA and education? Military spending? Everyone wants the smallest government that can get the job done. That means pretty much nothing. It's just a disagreement on what the job should be. And mostly whether you think our money system is man-made and can be itself manipulated or divine.
If we made it 30 minutes of actual research with the sample ballot in hand, we'd be much better off. An hour a year, roughly, shouldn't be too much to ask.
Wait, wait, wait. What's wrong with fish n chips and curry?
Which remark was personal?
Because if he made something new, let's call it "White Legion", it was going to be small and pretty much irrelevant. There's a pretty good chance he'd prefer to just build something with TEST rather than make that unfortunate shadow of what he once had. But I guess not. They did get that mittani contract though, so that's nice and kind of unexpected.
It's the supreme court doing what the supreme court is supposed to do, interpreting existing laws. Not a big deal. If this really makes you want to blow your dog just because it's legal, go for it.
She takes the big piece once and declares victory. Does she even sibling?
They could try economic policies that make sense instead of always going back to trickle down. They could stand for civil liberties and personal freedom instead of just wanting to gut the EPA and education. They could portray the democrats as the totalitarian nanny state that wants cameras on every street corner, to listen to all your phone calls, read every email, and know every website you visit. The democrats need to know what you're doing on the internet so that they can keep those media dollars raining down on their hollywood buddies. Maybe hollywood should figure out a way to compete in a modern economy instead of sending threatening letters and taking down their own youtube videos. They could attempt to rein in corporate control of this country and return democracy to the people. They could leave shitty globalization deals like NAFTA and TPP to the democrats, and try to protect working Americans from jobs going overseas. (Thanks for this one, Trump) They could take healthcare out of the hands of corporations. They could point out how ridiculous it is that taxpayers pay for stadiums. They could work on stopping the race to the bottom with tax abatements between the states. Hell, it probably wouldn't be difficult for them to support "unions that make sense" and start to turn all those middle class workers against the democrats. Instead of letting democrats choose their side on every issue and then just taking the opposite stance, republicans could just take the the better side on each issue. No one really gives a shit about the gays. Republicans could have been out in front of Hillary saying they don't give a shit about what happens in someone else's bedroom, and it's not government's place to enforce religion. Either gays can get married or no one can. Get fucked, Hillary. Just a few ideas.
What's the new RoA passive?
You can definitely jump straight into ranked. What's going to happen, you get placed into bronze and have to climb your way out as you learn? That's not a big deal. At least you get (accurate) feedback about how you're doing from your ranking that way.
Why not?
JUST THE RESPONSE WE'D EXPECT FROM YOUR BIG BROTHER FUCKING COMPANY!!!!1!!1!one
Open source? I'm not running a random executable from a source I don't trust.
Your team always has the option to surrender.
Why didn't they have the option to surrender?
2004. Sorry, you're old now.
It's still useful once you figure it out. Don't rule out any place because of a couple bad reviews. Assume every place will have a couple people that hate it. Look for the owners posting their own good reviews, and then try to get an impression from the remainder.
Their heads are nipples.
I don't see a problem with any queue time under 5 minutes. What's your point here? Trying to match 3 with 3, 4 with 4, 2 with 2, etc obviously pushes queue times up. Anything that places significant restrictions on who you're paired with will do that. That currently includes rating, position, and number of people you're queued with.
oh, I thought you were talking about last time this came up and the same comment was on top.
holy shit.
When Trump talks about globalism, he's talking about Free Trade. You can't really change that context when he's also talking about tariffs.
It's the process of giving up sovereignty and breaking down barriers for multi-national corporations.
Did you even see the gif?
James 4:11-12 Do not speak evil against one another, brothers. The one who speaks against a brother or judges his brother, speaks evil against the law and judges the law. But if you judge the law, you are not a doer of the law but a judge. There is only one lawgiver and judge, he who is able to save and to destroy. But who are you to judge your neighbor?
Just add them to your ignore list. You don't need the admins to do it for you.
It's fine, let them. How much time is passing ten cars going to take you? That's less than a block. It seems annoying, but it really makes no difference.
This doesn't work. The stopping creates a wave that causes a jam for miles. More stopping would keep the traffic permafucked. The UK managed speed limit as mentioned nearby does it better.
Did the mods delete any comments regarding so low or dienamic q? Do I actually have to misspell them to get the comment through?
You can play solo while in an alliance. And it helps a ton to get experience with a larger group who knows what they're doing before you try to solo.
Dredditisrecruiting.com or Pandemic Horde
All the style of a wet noodle.
They're making money hand over fist while their customers figure out that they're not the place they used to be. If they take your favorite restaurant and ruin it, how many times do you go back? The first bad time is probably just a fluke. You probably go back at least three times before declaring it a loss.
It's not 125 miles away. And it's certainly close enough that housing prices are still ridiculous. It's [31 miles to The White House](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Fairfax,+VA/The+White+House,+Pennsylvania+Avenue+Northwest,+Washington,+DC/@38.8654202,-77.2526229,10.25z/data=!3m1!5s0x8838f4653c393e83:0x7edf0a3ac5db966c!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x89b64e96394b91cd:0x72326e785448640!2m2!1d-77.3063733!2d38.8462236!1m5!1m1!1s0x89b7b7bcdecbb1df:0x715969d86d0b76bf!2m2!1d-77.0365298!2d38.8976763) and [6 miles to the DC Beltway](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Fairfax,+VA/38.8853572,-77.2210814/@38.865256,-77.2827572,13z/data=!3m1!5s0x8838f4653c393e83:0x7edf0a3ac5db966c!4m9!4m8!1m5!1m1!1s0x89b64e96394b91cd:0x72326e785448640!2m2!1d-77.3063733!2d38.8462236!1m0!3e0).
You'll never get a 4 party race in an election that can only possibly elect one candidate. It just doesn't make sense. If you were in one of the parties that isn't competitive, you'd switch to a party that is if you were in your right mind. It's easier to change the platform of an existing party than to create an *additional* one, and if you did create an additional one and it had enough success, the democrats or republicans would just coopt it. First past the post doesn't support more than 2 parties. And we're not changing first past the post without basically shredding our constitution. If we shred the constitution, corporate interests would just take full control anyway. Third parties aren't viable in the United States without some kind of apocalypse or full, bloody revolution.
I've always just hit a few extra keys after my PIN, especially at gas station pumps. Seems like it'd be sufficient here.
That's a very mischievous and clever way of manipulating data. That wasn't the data I was referencing. Total played games (not just ranked) should show a decline in previous growth. It may still be growing, but it should be slower growth than before the death of solo queue.
The issue is that the power in the relationship between teams and players is *entirely* on the team's side. Every player wants to get signed and can't say much in the way of how professionally it's handled, or they risk not getting picked up. This is what you need a union for. Then it's not on the individual player that's trying to get signed, everyone can just gripe at the union for making them follow basic rules (like clear contracts that are signed by both parties). It'd be great if Riot could establish a player's union. They're obviously not obligated, but they're the only ones with the power to do so. *Maybe* The top NA teams could get together and establish the union and shame any other teams into joining, but that's a long shot. It's also not in their best interests since they can just decide to treat their own teams properly instead.
Regardless of official matches played, over what period of time did Biofrost play in scrims and practices with Dream Team?
&gt; It's not a solution, it's another problem. Well, depends on which side you're on. It's a solution to getting more money out of consumers' pockets.
It wouldn't matter. They're on opposite sides. Ask anyone who takes the green line in DC, it's the same concept and no one has a problem with it.
And an NDA is a government-enforced gag order. I'm not going as far to say every NDA is invalid, but the first amendment could potentially come into play in some of them. I doubt you could sign away your right to political speech in general, for instance.
Pretty clear you're bronze. You stole the wraith from your own jungler. You do know he gets more xp and gold for that than you, right?
One queue is already a throwaway. Climbing solo is obviously inferior to playing with a team, so the game is more about how good you are at either making friends with everyone so you always have a team or how good you are at scheduling matches with your set team. Or you can just go solo and be subject to the whims whichever side has the solo without his premade artificially changing his Elo for better or worse. The gap in individual player skill in any particular game has widened considerably, and it's very noticeable.
And they're fixing that with the schedules. If they do it right, it could be good for everyone. They could have peak hours where the queue is just open, say 6pm-11pm. Then during average hours they could open up the queue for ten minutes at the top of every hour. And just close the queue between 3am and noon. Edit: Actually the top of the hour queues could just work differently. Keep everyone in queue until the end of the ten minutes, then pair appropriately.
Worth.
You can see how sometimes queuing in groups and sometimes queuing solo can lead to drastic differences in a particular player's chance to win? And you can see how having larger, unpredictable variances in individuals' chances to win is bad for matchmaking? Please, please separate the queues.
Even if he's wrong about dynamic queue, you can't just shit on him every time he tries to talk to us.
No, after curse voice removed the jungle timers it was removed from the ban list. But thanks for the downvote so that this post will never be seen. :(
Learn to cs.
I'd rather that than have them clam up and disappear. Trust me, I'm as annoyed as you are about the murder of solo queue.
But... Seattle? I mean Seattle is a great city, but I don't think it's any cheaper than nova. I would have expected Chicago, Columbus, or Indianapolis, smaller tech cities that have talent but have a much lower cost of living. They only need people in the single to double digits at most. They're not going to drain a medium sized city of talent.
Seasons work out well because it gives you a timeframe to aim for, generally rewards only last so long in some ways, etc. It's kind of the same way playing 3 games of ping pong to 21 each is better than playing one game to 43. It's really only a slight difference in the end, but people like the distinction and soft reset. I personally don't mind 6-12 month seasons, but 3 is fine.
Sure, once you're on a pro team your rank matters less. But people still care about that ranking a bit (see Balls Korean Diamond 2 placement), and that ranking is a primary method of getting discovered by professional teams in the first place. And there's definitely competition to hold those top rankings anyway.
Is that why heroics became so brainless? Back when you had to use CC and things where challenging, stuff like Ramparts was kind of fun.
A couple cuts isn't terrible just to make it easier to put together a nice video. It's when they do the cut every sentence to keep your attention that's annoying as fuck.
for the worse. Dynamic queue is pretty awful, and they've been doing nothing but doubling down on it. But don't worry, you'll either get a solo banner or a mark of shame soon. That'll totally fix all the problems. People cared less in NA than Korea, that's true, but ranking still mattered quite a bit.
Well, this dynamic queue shit is pretty goddamn awful, and they won't listen to the community at all about it. They killed solo queue and won't bring it back.
Or, you know, you could just steal 24b from the goon reimbursement wallet. Sounds a lot easier than ratting for an hour a day.
It's funny that he had missed a smite earlier too. That one didn't matter, but you'd think it would set off alarm bells in his head. "Oh shit, I missed a smite, better tighten up".
Normals are fine for the 99%. Let people who want to play competitive solo queue do so.
"price willing to pay" seems like an odd phrase in this context. Maybe the compromise in national security is what they were willing to sell.
&gt; Don't underestimate the Democrats' ability to screw this up Let's start with the worst possible Democrat we could possibly nominate.
Before my time, but could he possibly be worse than Hillary? I'd be happy for bland and boring.
Because it's fucking awful and doesn't fix the problem. I don't want my games corrupted by people who sometimes play in a group and sometimes play solo. You can't get an accurate rating that way. Think of it as a scientific experiment. The whole theory behind Elo being accurate in a team game is that the only constant in your games is you. If you skew the environment (but not all the time), then you're not measuring anything.
Same. I get it. But it does show they don't want to persecute them, and it puts pressure on older generations to not be dicks about stuff that's none of their business.
Fuck four man queues. Go into games with 1, 2, 3, or 5. That's pretty manageable.
The host shouldn't have allowed it or encouraged it, so they're both still to blame.
Seems like http://bestbans.com just does the same thing?
So what's the difference between this and bestbans? I'll edit my previous comment.
Except boots work in combat. Some math with mobility boots might be a better comparison.
Proceedings of the Natural Academy of Sciences .. and if you speak to them, they're very careful to spell out the acronym.
CREST doesn't have its own UI. It's an interface that other applications use to access eve data. The IGB also didn't have its own UI*. ^(* At least not in the way he's thinking.)
Or just open sites on another monitor or device. Got an old ipad laying around?
It's bad because newbies feel a *huge* amount of pressure to get those early skillpoints. With those skillpoints now being available for cash, it makes the game seem like the king of pay to win. To a certain point (maybe 10m sp), they're not entirely wrong. CCP should be giving players the "essential" skills that everyone has to train. The ability to use microwarp drives, t2 shields, and t2 armor at a minimum.
And the Republicans are saying thank god for Hillary. Any other democratic candidate could have just moonwalked right into the white house.
You can. It's expensive though. Extract all your sp. Inject them into alt with new name.
I use Discord, Teamspeak, Ventrilo, Mumble, or Curse Voice if asked. Fuck skype.
&gt; it's people picking their main roles Don't confuse dynamic queue with the new champ select (which most agree is a positive thing).
It makes your rating less accurate (unless you always play with the same group), and accurate ratings are important for matchmaking. It's fine if there's a separate queue for pure solo.
I've always heard EPA works 9 to 5, so you should dump your toxic shit into the great lakes after 5. Maybe I should report it, but the details I have are so vague that it probably wouldn't matter. And any EPA dude with half a brain would know to test major industrial areas sitting on the great lakes anyway. They should just run some of those tests at odd hours.
So we've established that the matchmaking ratings are less accurate in general, because there are some people who will be inconsistent about playing solo or with teams. The less accurate ratings means there is a much larger variance on the skill level of people in your games. If you drop bjergsen into a random diamond game, the team with bjergsen has a *much* higher chance to win, regardless of which team you're on. If you drop a gold player into a random diamond game, the team without the gold player has a much higher chance to win. The inaccuracy of ratings has a large effect. Granted not quite as large as these examples, but there's still a very significant difference between gold 1 and gold 4, for instance. The game becomes more about who gets these random inaccurate pairings than your own effect on the game. Separately, ratings just mean much less because they're less trustworthy in general.
That chart is odd. I'm pretty damn white and I'm still at 19.
I'd be fine with CPI with a max of 5% per year. If we break that inflation for too many years, we have bigger issues.
I also hated tsm banning Vlad when they had first pick. Apparently they didn't see IMT vs CLG.
&gt;those same people that said "housing in the US can't have a collapse" Who the fuck said that? The housing crisis wasn't difficult to see coming to anyone looking on a macro scale. The hard part to predict was when and how bad it would be. That "housing prices always rise" line was used pretty much exclusively to individuals taking out loans that the banks and realtors were making shitloads of money on even if they defaulted. It was raining money from Goldman Sachs, Bear Sterns, and other wall street banks.
When in doubt, leave it alone. Absent mods are better then overzealous mods.
Solo Queue.
If you were to bring back solo queue, that'd be a huge motivator for me to play support more. (Support main here.)
I think he says both. He's pretty vague/conflicting on that front.
Someone said, &gt;This is a team game, though. One player can't do it alone. It's the same way science experiments work. You can test one consistent thing as long as everything else is random. Whether people get placed on your team or the opposing team is random. The only consistent thing is your skill (or who you're playing with). You can see this in action in League because there are tons of pro marathons where they start at low rank and win 90% of their games to reach masters. One player can't do it alone, but if 11 players are of roughly equal skill and you're better than them, you certainly can make the difference. You don't have to win 100% of your games to rise, either. 66% is plenty. So even if a third of your games are unwinnable (they're not), it doesn't matter because you'll still rise at a significant rate. If you're not significantly better, it doesn't matter anyway. Nobody gives a shit if your rating is 51 but it "should be" 53. Everyone knows there's some margin of error. Get over that margin of error and actually work on getting *noticeably* better. Put someone better than you in your chair and they'll rise. Put someone worse there and they'll drop. The system works.
Maybe warwick would have done a little more damage had he taken smite.
When it gets you a couple levels and gold for more items. Not to mention red buff, rift herald, or infernal dragon.
&gt; There aren't enough players on most servers for both to coexist bullshit. There are solutions for dynamic queue and solo queue to easily coexist. Though I don't think any particular solution is necessary. Dynamic queue is where you go to play with friends or potentially get on a team. Solo queue is where you go to prove your individual talent and play one off games. For solutions (that may not be necessary) you can just widen the elo range for matchmaking if times aren't fast enough. Dynamic queue ratings are already less accurate than pure solo anyway^1. Alternatively, you could disallow people from queuing in dynamic queue as solo or as groups of 4, but I don't think that's necessary. Personally I'd rather see dynamic queue reworked slightly to be more of an real team thing where it's easy to pick up pugs. Kind of like a mix between what team builder used to be (but without selecting specific champions) and what dynamic queue is now. Give people a chance to join comms, agree on a strategy, agree they want to be in a team together, and THEN queue. But make it easy so they don't have to try to pick up pugs in a chatroom or 3rd party client. If they were to do this, it could be the place for people to form real teams, and it could easily be a great replacement for the ranked 5s queue that actually gets used by a large number of people. --- ^(1 Being able to queue with multiple people inherently makes the rating less accurate, because it's basically an experiment where you're screwing with the control group. If your teammates aren't random, it's not great reflection of your personal skill. If you don't always group with the same teammates, it's not a great reflection of your team's skill.)
People have a healthy skepticism at this point, but we shouldn't dismiss it outright. This will hopefully get the attention of people who can properly debunk it or prompt further research.
Switching maps for the tiebreaker does kind of suck.
That's intentional because he's pushing an agenda not based on actual analysis. Welcome to ghostcrawler. He's probably responsible for dynamic queue using the same manipulative logic.
&gt;Yes, but wasn't her intent to limit the free speech of the professor I didn't see that part. Did she shout over him or try to physically remove him from the stage?
It's not hard to say given the context. Do you remember the context?
It's obviously political and religious. And I don't think one really masks the other. Kill all Jews and destroy Isreal. It's that more of a political statement or religious?
More teams in queue means better and faster matchmaking. The matchmaking being good and reliable encourages even more teams to queue. Some teams who would queue at other times if they could will instead make a point to play during the scheduled times. If it goes well, they can expand the times. It's better to start with a small range and get larger over time as popularity of the queue grows (if it does).
If it's an issue, widen the elo parameter for dynamic queue. Elo is already less accurate in dynamic queue, having the matchmaking take it a little less seriously doesn't change much.
Sure, that's fine. If I want shorter queue times I can always select "fill" as well. Queue times are very unlikely to be a problem outside of very high elo.
Same here. I didn't stick with the game until I joined HERO in catch.
Start with the zergy stuff. It's easier to learn that way. It's also much different in EVE then in other MMOs. Turning out numbers, performing well, leadership, and propaganda are all important. Large fleets in EVE are much closer to the military than zergy MMOs. TEST, pandemic horde, or karmafleet. There are other options, but be very wary of getting into some bullshit, irrelevant Corp that just wants your ratting taxes. I obviously prefer [TEST](HTTP://dredditisrecruiting.com). Pandemic horde has the backing of the very strong pandemic legion, for better or worse. Being a separate alliance, some might say they're the meat shield. Karma fleet are part of goonswarm or the imperium (formerly CFC). They're full members, which is good. I'm not a fan of gun culture. Their leader said today, "We need to teach newbies that war is not about fun." TEST is always the underdog. Recently kicked out of their home by pandemic legion and a host of their friends, we're moving south. Goons don't appreciate us being a couple regions over, so they're going to try to prevent us from moving in.
The others have the basics, but you'll never know all the details, no one does. It's like describing all politics during Roman times. That's a big subject. People fight over land and for *other reasons*. They form groups of people as they see fit.
Did goons ever consider, you know, holding that gate? I mean, we figured it out. By the time I had personally figured it out and thought to suggest that to leadership, I realized, "Oh wait, they're already doing that."
To be fair, this is the same shit people did with entosis for the longest time. It's a shame citadels don't use the entosis mechanic in some form, because tidi is aids. I could see doing the entosis mechanic with always making sure a node or two spawns on top of the keepstar. It keeps the keepstar defenses relevant while still requiring some fights outside of the keepstar system.
I believe he appropriated it after it was used to mock him.
I feel like half the hate against boat is backlash from the mittani bullshit. The two styles just aren't compatible at all. When I've seen them on the meta show, it seems like mittani has to try to tolerate boat while recognizing how much he needs him.
But hey, CCP has time to constantly calculate bounties and kill rights during the tidi fight. Those are numbers we need live.
&gt;Why do you think piggles kept dying with rigs in his cargo? Goons jammed up a freakin' TESTCo move op, wrecked their plans. This 'Plan B' bullshit isn't fooling anyone. Please explain plans A and B and which of those you're not fooled by.
Yeah, I don't disagree. I feel like the screwups wouldn't be rubbed in as hard if mittani weren't hurf blurfing about how war shouldn't be fun. Maybe that's a better way to say it.
How many supers do you have disconnecting at a time? Seems 1-2 hics would do the job.
There was a bug where instead of 1m km away, you'd warp to a gate. It happened to both sides.... often enough that someone on their side should have realized before the second super died.
We'll give you their moons if you take their moons. Deal?
Apparently you've never seen posts in other games' forums exactly like this one.
Why does this sound so familiar? - TEST 2016
They already have that responsibility, and they don't live up to it. How many people did an hour of research and showed up to the polls for these primaries or the general? How about midterms?
Yeah, and this wouldn't change under direct democracy.
You'd think that, but... https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/free-range-parents-cleared-in-second-neglect-case-after-children-walked-alone/2015/06/22/82283c24-188c-11e5-bd7f-4611a60dd8e5_story.html?utm_term=.5efa2f03a3b8
Huh, I would do well to take this advice.
Pretty accurate.
Don't be a shitter. He's right, he's being civil, and there's not even any spin here.
It doesn't matter though. You can't instruct them to "look at faces". If you want to know what's going on, you have to get down in the weeds like this until you figure out who you can trust.
Let's be honest, they're going to win this war by mining and ratting, not by fighting over *timers* or *sov* or *blowing up ships*.
Millennials are roughly born between 1980 and 2000. So yeah, the older ones used card catalogs.
The English language has many words much like there, their and they're. Most native English speakers pronounce each the same way (they're homophones - words making the same sounds); therefore, it can be tricky to determine which spelling fits the way it is being used in each case. Such spelling problems are sometimes called "demons of spelling". Each spelling means a different thing, and it is important to communicate clearly and correctly in your written correspondence especially business or academic writing. **1** Use there when referring to a place; think of "here" and "where". The place can be either concrete ("over here or there by the building") or more abstract ("it must be difficult to be there in your mind"). **2** Also use there with "to be" verbs. There plus a "to be" verb (be, is, am, are, was, were) indicates the existence of something, or mentions something for the first time. "There are antiques in here, but where? Look there. Oh, and, here we've found them!" "Are there many of the documents stored here? Yes, here, where they are safe. See where they are -- right over there!?" "There will be a picnic here, and there is a monstrous campground over there across the river. There is one of the places where they are staying that night." **3** Use their and theirs to indicate possession. Compare to "heir" -- to inherit possessions as "an heir of their uncle who had no children." Their is a possessive adjective and indicates that a particular noun belongs to them. "Sam and Jan are heirs of their parents' land and possessions as "their legal heirs"." "Their things were broken." Compare "Our things were broken." Yes, it shows possession. "I see their flowers are blooming in their garden." "Yes, from the seeds their grandmother gave to them last fall." **4** Remember that they're is a contraction of the phrase they are. It is not a modifier, but only a noun (who or what does the action) and verb (action or state of being). They're my friends." Check that " They are my friends." makes sense. Yes! I would go with you, but they're going to take me. Check, " they are going to". Yes! **5** Ask test questions. Ask yourself these questions, but they may not work in a few cases: For there, will the sentence still make sense, if you replace "there" with here or where? If so, it's right. For their, will the sentence still make sense -- if you replace "their" with our (to see whether it is a possessive sentence), but of course that would change to whom it belongs. Ours would belong to us, theirs belongs to them. Still, if "our" fits logically it is right/possessive. For they're, will the sentence still make sense, if you replace "they're" with they are? If so, it's right, but if not, then they're is the wrong word. **6** Recognize incorrect examples and learn from the mistakes. By looking over others' work with a critical eye, especially by offering proofreading or copyediting help, you can become more sensitized to correct usage and practice it yourself. Wrong: Their is no one here. Wrong: Shelley wants to know if there busy. Wrong: The dogs are happily chewing on they're bones. RIGHT: I can't believe they're leaving their children there, alone! **7** Practice, practice, practice! Get your English teacher or friend to say several sentences aloud that include one of these three words and write down which version they are using. Find grammar quizzes on the internet. Hire a private English tutor if you're still having trouble.
I suppose that depends on how you define copypasta. It's probably the first time on Reddit.
You got me. Random irrelevant dude that's probably literally a troll and is at like 2 karma I guess is the best example you can find.
&gt; many times How do you keep making the same mistake?
Some of these would be so much better if they were a little more subtle. third heich. (Not capitalized) Out by the fire (leave the burning cross implied).
I mean, something similar was pretty much expected. Why else would Russia be supporting Trump so much? They obviously have leverage of some kind, even if this particular thing isn't true.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of the plants, but this is a ton of whining for nothing. Play better. That includes using what's available to you. At this point I'm beginning to like the plants because being smart about them instead of whining gives me an advantage.
I believe that you believe him. ^(so do I)
Man, not getting sick on every third flight would be awesome.
It's not even free trade. Where do you think Canadians get their drugs?
Absolutely not. He'd have taken all the Hillary vote, a good portion of the bernie vote, and an extra helping of people who hated Hillary and think socialism is a bad word. Bernie would have won. Biden would have dominated.
Try bjornbee
There's not. As long as you can't convert to cash, it's fine.
They could take away the drones and the mid slots and the rorqual would still be used.
Not enough. It'd still be an invincible jump hictor.
Feingold got voted out of the Senate.
I think you're about 450 years too early for this joke.
How low can you get it, 5-6% total?
&gt; never any intentions to forge a long term relationship with Karin. Of course not. It was ransom bait, but gibbons couldn't hold his fire long enough to get paid.
&gt; with Trump we'd have a stronger economy, When he started making appointments, hope that he would do *anything* good for the economy went down the drain.
It's dishonorable for fun fights. When it comes to strat ops, headshots are generally expected (and prepared for).
And how many line member ships could they have killed in that time? God help you if the FC catches reps on top.
In a democracy you usually have to compromise.
They can always do it twice.
Yeah. The other argument I would make is that the economy is healthiest when the middle class is healthy. Republicans tend to damage the middle class in favor of the rich. They hope the wealth trickles down to the middle class through the rich creating jobs. It doesn't work that way. We've proven it over the last fifty years. Think about what your department/job does with an extra 1m a year from lower taxes. Do they hire more people or do they pocket it? If hiring more people would make them more money, they would *already* be doing that. There's no shortage of credit for medium to large businesses.
Yeah, but the invincible jump hictors need to be fixed. It'd also be nice if they significantly bumped the signature of light fighters or lowered their firing range.
$11 a month if you do a year. $8.33 a month if you get the upgrade from alpha for a year deal.
Yeah, $100 for the year. I'm wondering if I let my main accounts expire if I'll get the same offer. I'd do $25 a month for 3 accounts.
Literally the only reason I checked the comments. Thank you.
Jesus, dude.
Too obvious.
Of the opposite. Don't watch any until the season is complete. Then you can binge like Netflix.
Which is exactly why the one episode a week format is so good for some people. There are benefits to both formats. Given the weekly episode is probably healthier for the business, I think I slightly prefer that. I do like binges too though. But even in those cases, there are plenty of old shows I can go binge on. The Leftovers is an HBO show that I binged between other things.
HBO isn't forcing you to buy a year. The episodes don't expire. Just subscribe for one month after the show is finished and watch it all. I've never taken a hard stance against pirating. The Walking Dead comes to mind. But this is greedy as fuck. If HBO had commercials, I'd understand pirating. If HBO required a $50 a month able package I'd understand. If the web version only came in 480p, I'd understand. If episodes expired, I'd understand. You can even share accounts. But this? This is such a minor complaint that it boils down to "I don't want to pay."
They can't get downvoted when they hit page 8 of r/all.
Inconsistent ping spikes to your first hop, for instance. But I intend for this to be more general.
What are the odds the Trump adminstration just didn't know this and thought the mass resignations were some kind of protest?
Nope. Fuck corporations. They can rely on the reputation of the country they've chosen to do business in. How often do you think Germany or the US or the UK just take property from company without compensation? I don't like the way this might be used to give corporations power over governments.
If we're selling out to corporate control as TPP seems to do, I'm not sure there will be much of that whole democracy thing left for long anyway. Our democracy is already severely undermined by big business interests.
Really we just need people to do an hour or two of research and go out and vote. An educated citizenry is a vital prerequisite for our survival as a free people. It's never been easier to educate yourself.
From now on you're not allowed to comment on reddit unless you have a shoe on your head. What's wrong with that? I mean, it's not hard to do, right? The issues with that are that it doesn't solve an existing problem, and it makes people less likely to comment. You'd probably only try to pass a rule like that if you wanted fewer people commenting.
Especially if he asks for the first pick.
Okay fucking reddit. If you push this, here's what's going to happen. You can currently make a living wage waiting tables. Aren't many of those jobs left. If you get rid of tipping, those people will make $10 a hour ($20k a year if full time), which is not a living wage. You're going to get the "get rid of tipping" part. The living wage part will never happen. Tipping is voluntary anyway. If you hate tipping so much, don't tip. It'll make you less of an asshole than managing to eliminate tips altogether.
Do you tip before you get service?
He'll get banned.
Of course it is. Does it matter? The Pope makes a valid point.
He's going to do a lot of damage, but I don't think it will be an existential threat (unless you're counting climate change). Hopefully in the next elections people realize how important it is to participate in our government. "I don't care about politics" is not a valid excuse. In my opinion those people are worse than draft dodgers ever war. It's one thing to not want to go fight in a war you don't believe in for your country. It's another to refuse to take a few hours out of every other year to do research and go vote.
Like the irony of the federal government going into Texas to take their land... under Republican direction to build a wall.
Think we can get W to serve the remainder of Trump's term?
&gt;I don't believe a senior adviser to the president would be able to function properly whilst being addicted to alcohol. Is there any evidence he's functioning properly?
Seems really easy to answer. Resources pooled, more uniform product, etc.
Those are all Obama's fault. See how easy that was?
There's some saying about glass houses and stones. Do you know it?
It's textbook gambling addict behavior. He could be making it up for attention, but there's a reason this is textbook.
Obama
And voted against Iraq.
I think you've missed the point. It wasn't the contents of the emails that did the most damage. It was the fact that they were leaked in the first place.
He sent nudes to a girl who tried to blackmail him and then leaked them.
What do you want them to do?
I would take a four hour max with no extra reactivation delay.
&gt; considering the size of Stainwagon I seem to recall goons being part of that war.
Fozzie sov is irrelevant in the age of citadels.
&gt;The design is that attacker can add sneaky citadel in your system (e.g. anchoring time of 1-4) and that you don't need to guard it over 24h straight. Yeah, it's a stupid fucking design. It makes sov near meaningless. At least you had to fuel towers. You can still do a sneaky citadel. You just have to hope it lives for a couple days. (or less in an ADM 1 system).
Why?
Sure. I don't disagree, and I was in the HED fight last night. Give players a reason to want to hold and fight over sov, yes. Conflict drivers. I get that. And you're right that this system does nothing to address that. It's not supposed to. And that is something that also needs to happen. But when/if we do have reason to fight over sov, it'd be nice if the system was interesting. There's nothing interesting about a TCU timer. Just about the only reason people give a shit about TCUs is that dotlan doesn't have an IHUB map. Also citadels effectively decide control of space, and fighting over citadels is fucking terrible right now. The idea of fozzie sov, entosis and spreading out fights isn't bad. There are just some bad mechanics around it. These changes would make it so entosis fights are more interesting than chasing around interceptors.
In what way?
Sounds lame. I want to fight over and control territory. I don't want to turn the entire game into Thera.
Only thing dumber are useless comments like these.
First, how is that different from a single grid engagement? Second, it doesn't do a ton to prevent it, but there's more than one node to control.
Careful, there's a fine line here, and as usual some of these reddit comments overreact by a ton even if they're mostly right. They shouldn't have treated you like that. It's mostly their fault for even giving you access to the production database, let alone putting it in a training document. But you did shit on the carpet. Give him some time. If it blows over (hopefully), let it be water under the bridge for both of you. Maybe spend this time researching backup strategies and offer to help set up proper backups? Later, you can back up the test database and submit your process to more senior devs to review before putting it into production.
It could definitely be a troll post. Having a script that spits out database credentials does strike me as odd. You'd be surprised at how bad even large companies can be. And there are plenty of 50 man shops that have a dude who says "I have backups running on the database", but those backups are never tested. Still, assuming this is true and the CTO is just pissed, hopefully giving him some time to calm down would help.
&gt;Can you make it strong enough to kill shitty frigates? Maybe, just maybe CCP is actually pretty neutral and just wants to fix bullshit.
*How*? How do you do this and lose money? Their overhead should be so small. They don't have to source ingredients for food. They don't need parts. They need to pay software engineers and have a few local offices to handle drivers. Any half competent person should be able to balance those books no problem.
Why don't you just ask one to rate you 4?
Pretty easy when they're sitting at zero waiting.
Figured this might be useful since the main site is broken.
Mattis doesn't have the same blackmail on Trump that Putin has.
Bjerg's been looking *super* passive lately. Seems like he doesn't want to take any fights lately. I've noticed it several times. There are times where he can go in and make it a real fight, but instead he just goes into solo queue mentality. His teammate dies, and he walks out at full health.
Really? You're going to shit on them for sending you free stuff... late?
If they had no faith in Goldenglue, it'd actually be better. Instead, they string him along neither showing faith in him nor getting rid of him. Pick one.
Champ select takes significantly less time. In solo queue, you don't have the strategic depth of knowing your opponents or have enough teamplay for the professional ban sequence to add much value.
It doesn't matter. Apparently you can judge the entirety of summer 2016 TSM by the fact that they barely lost their second game to SSG. If they win that game, they play something like cloud 9 in the quarterfinals of worlds, h2k in the semifinals, and then die to skt in the finals.
Wasn't G2 *way* behind TSM in the early game in all their games against them at MSI? What's more likely? That G2 can make up an 8k gold deficit against top teams or that TSM played like shit?
TEST
&gt; What benefit does an ISP derive from completely blocking a website? They can blackmail that website for money. They can add a bias to which media outlets are available. What if CNN is free but Fox News is $1.99 a month?
Okay, I just have one question about this segment, /u/CaptainFlowers22 . Why don't you guys stand on the same side so "this" is the close one and "that" is the far one?
Two things. One, who are you voting for? Because if you're voting in climate change deniers, you're a climate change denier. Second, why do you think Republicans are any better on taxes than Democrats? Are you obscenely wealthy? Because that's the only time the difference comes into play. Republicans want to transfer money from the middle class to the wealthy. They don't give two shits about *your* taxes. As long as you're paying the extra to your internet monopoly, to your toll roads and for your schools, they're happy. They fucking hate the fact that most of us went to grade school for free. Someone should be making more money off of that. Apparently our current college model is great. Let's apply that to grade school too.
It's a perfect game. The only thing herald is good for is taking turrets. If you don't get a turret with it, it doesn't count for anything. It's not like the dragon that has a lasting and less tangible effect on the entire game. /u/phreakriot please.
I guess that explains MSI.
To be fair to mobile gaming, it's getting better. (Though still with micro transactions out the ass, and not for cosmetics.)
I'd halve them. It doesn't take much to make it sting and reward the attackers. Can you imagine killing a staging market? (Also keep the gradients to high/low/null.)
Having to do this daily is terrible, but a similar system on a longer timeframe would be good. The concept is good. Just make them weeklies instead of dailies. (With 7x the reward.)
I liked an earlier suggestion. Asset safety in null saves 75% of your stuff. 12.5% drops. Combine that with a suggestion in this thread, a module for fortizar+ that improves asset safety and requires fuel.
Low is fine. People in null are supposed to evac to low when going afk. (You can't move caps to high.)
The occupancy sov idea is a lot like the entosis mechanic idea. They're both the right direction... and obviously first iterations that never saw a second iteration. ADMs need to decay more slowly. There's not much point in working on ADMs in shitty pass-through systems right now. Driving down ADMs with blops and cloaky camping is great though.
Maybe there shouldn't be large numbers of infinitely spawning anoms with PDAs installed. That would have been a better way to nerf carrier ratting. Limit the effective population that can rat and mine in one system.
Maybe, but there's a half dozen things for CLG to fix before even worrying about this. The problem with trying to fix a call like this is that it's just as likely to cut off their balls. It's not easy to *quickly* make a call like this in the middle of a game while tracking other things. It's half instinct. If you question ballsy calls like this too much, teams end up just playing safe until they lose.
K, so baron was up and infernal would be up in a few seconds. Who on TSM decided everyone should back at the same time and give up that free infernal? It was pretty obvious. I was screaming it as soon as they were backing off the fight, *because they've done in so often in their recent games*. Do they not have a single analyst that can see this problem? **Hey TSM. It's possible to do objectives with a few low health people. Don't let them do that.**
You know they literally only saved 1-2 minions, right? If they don't threaten to kill sven and biofrost there, TSM just drags the minions away.
Because it's suicidal or stupid.
* The skillset has enough variety that anyone at your level seems bad to you.
I got this for you. (Maybe mildly NSFW) http://i.imgur.com/ykHdiME.jpg
I do agree with this. However it doesn't explain the rash of junglers smiting things down to 50hp.
It's easier to say. &gt; don't use websites to determine counterpicks. If you want to go more nuanced, you and I can both tell how those sites are useful. But if they're only going to pay attention for six words or so (typical), this is the thing to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp4D1-U0O5Y
Also a software engineer. I've put a lot of thought into a psuedo-anonymous voting system. It's quite difficult. It involves having public, live counts of people who voted at polling places, and public, psuedo-anonymized records of actual votes cast, and a way to lie about your vote. The idea is that it's possible for any individual to convincingly lie about their vote (by claiming someone else's vote as your own), but it's also easy to verify votes actually happened. Without being fully anonymous, it would still be possible to buy/coerce votes by requiring you to vote for certain individual markers in addition to the coercer's preferred candidate. It would be slightly difficult though, and require effort on an individual basis rather than outright election fraud. There's no manipulating the totals. We'd have to rely on current laws that prevent voter intimation/coercion rather than a technical solution for that part. Also it'd be cool for anyone to be able to go online and pull vote totals into Excel *almost* live. Fresh USB keys can move the data from the air-gapped machines to the internet. Continued...
It would be done in a way they could get away with it. They know the lines they can and cannot cross. Who knows what they did last election with the help of the Russians. We have our Manchurian candidate.
If you're American, you're a traitor. You know this is false and you're spouting it anyway.
Note that this is a contested and controversial theory.
There's certainly a balance. I can tell you which side of that balance *I* think we on.
For any president other than this one, I agree. I may have strongly disagreed with W and felt he was misguided, but W was still a patriot trying to do what he thought was best for our country. I would have been honored to meet him. I don't have the same faith in Trump. He's clearly out for himself at the direct cost of our country, metaphorically and literally.
Does that mean I can go have a cigarette?
It says "Unconfirmed, See Comments" to me. Can you not see that?
The comment that's on top by default is &gt;[–]walterdog12 4834 points 4 hours ago &gt;https://twitter.com/JeffZillgitt/status/874657755793047552 &gt;Now reports say it's fake and unconfirmed and that they haven't discussed it yet.
Try swinging by Home Depot/Lowe's/etc. They'll often be hanging around outside hoping for work.
Take the duos to flex queue.
What would they spend the money on if they did have it?
They didn't do a great job of covering up the spying. Snowden was more confirmation than a surprise.
If bronze and silver players would actually get vision and baron when they're ahead, they'd close out games much faster. Instead they "siege" mid. No matter how much wave clear the enemy team has.
Probably for the best if someone is paycheck to paycheck or you anticipate problems or if the bills are generally uneven in one direction.
But talking about it isn't bad.
If they come forward now, it's fair to let them off fairly easily. When you ask over six months if something is an exploit and hear nothing, you can whine about it or you can join them.
Sieging mid without baron makes you really vulnerable to wave clear and getting picked off. Towers take 1/3rd damage when there are no enemy minions in range. And it's not like your team can take *that* many turret shots and still win a teamfight closer to the enemy's base than your own. Especially when they likely have better vision on your flanks than you do. Done right, it's *much* easier to just back off that mid base turret, take a stroll through their jungle lighting up the path the hole way, and put a vision ward or two near baron. Teams will be desperate to stop you from baroning. They'll likely have to do it blind, and it's just so much easier to win fights when they're trickling in, there are no turrets, you have better vision, and your team is together and can control the chokepoints. Also they can't heal or rez nearly as quickly when you're at baron versus when you're at their base. And baron makes it so much easier to push. Note that you don't necessarily ever have to hit baron. If you have vision in their jungle and you clear their vision while sitting at baron, they will come to you. Usually 1-2 at a time. And if they don't, you can see that and just take free baron.
&gt; could've gotten a better than equal trade by pressuring top. He pressured top. He got a turret and died trying to get inhib while they got inhib. Even if it was an even trade, that was bad for DF. You don't really want to trade like that when you're ahead.
I agree on Scarra's mechanics, but he's also the only thing holding the team's macro together.
I mean, I did it in WoW. I did it in DAoC. But I still hate it. It's also the thing that kept me from going back to WoW. I logged in, looked at all those keybinds, and requested a refund.
I'd be happy to give it to the owner. Losing a phone really sucks, and I wouldn't intentionally do that to anyone. But I'd be sick if I just gave it up to the bartender and he kept it.
It needs tweaks, but I like the general concept. It's a first iteration idea that hasn't changed in years. Does CCP really think interceptor fleets should be the way to control sov? It adds strategy and allows for smaller fights that still significantly affect the outcome. It helps avoid tidi. Let me link [my suggestions to fix things](https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/6evkn1/fozzie_sov_and_citadel_sov_fixes).
Truth in quotes. Am I being flair rused?
I'm not your fellow, pal.
&gt;Trump is not an egomaniac :ok_hand:
Huh. Maybe that's worth getting into. How much cheaper is self-made jerky? Guess it'd be a better value if I hunted. I sure miss that venison jerky.
If there's only one reply?
On one hand, I agree. But it's not the reason most people say this. The reason most people say this is a combination of ignorance and it's a rumor that will rarely be dispelled by someone who wants you to vote republican.
How about interesting and not heartwarming?
They won't be excited about the overhead.
But the imported Koreans! Ssumday, impact?
&gt;It's great how far we have come from relying on scarse donations during a show, to being backed by Yahoo recently. .... and back again.
Well, the White House isn't required to have press conferences at all. They do so because it's supposed to be in their best interest. Even if there *was* a law requiring press conferences, there would be no way to force the White House to say anything at them. It'd be a pointless law. If they want to do this, they can. It's just stupid. But maybe less stupid than the things they actually say.
https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=distance+in+millilightseconds+between+chicago,+illinois+and+los+angeles,+ca Plug in your city, look at the "light in fiber" time, and add about 10ms for routers and whatnot. *That* is good. Anything above 30 in the United States is not good. LA to Chicago is about 23ms. Miami to Chicago is about 17ms. New York to Chicago is about 14ms.
Normally, I'd agree with you. In general, you're right. But he was in that bush for three fucking minutes.
&gt; were
I've worked with Oracle for 15 years. mssql and MySQL are better products.
Just the ones that work to maintain an unfair system. Those that dodge taxes and lobby against things like decent healthcare and public schools. Nobody's giving [these people](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Giving_Pledge) shit.
This is nothing different from what has happened time and time again in history. Money and power contract and expand on a cycle. It goes to fewer and fewer people. The middle class disappears. Then a bunch of people die, and the power/money gets spread around to the middle class again. We have enough resources now that if we were smart, we'd skip the "bunch of people dying" part. But hey, I guess guillotines are cool. Or maybe the powerful will win once and for all this time and we can live in a shadowrun dystopian feudalist future.
If it makes you feel any better, she'll cheat on him too.
Senators don't have gerrymandering to keep their seats safe.
They're still trying for the Muslim ban, Desiree the large majority of terrorism in the US coming from white, right-wing Christians.
But without reading or writing or you might go blind.
You should probably use incognito mode and a throwaway, and don't post stuff that makes you easy to identify. In any relationship I've been in "getting on my computer" is generally okay. If she happens to see my reddit username and read my posts, that would be pretty normal. It's generally expected that stuff you post on reddit is public, and not an invasion of privacy. If she was snooping through emails, that would be a little different.
I can vouch that they fuck with null too much too. Citadel spam is awful no matter where it is. It should be harder to planet citadels in hostile space, and it should be easier to kill multiples in the same system. I'd love to see a system where only the ihub owner can plant citadels in a system. You could even add ihubs to highsec for this. Also add an easy way to kill multiple citadels in the same system.
I'd stick with, "I'd rather not answer questions". "I don't know" is too much. Did you know and we're lying? Did you really not know?
Ban Gailo though. Can't let them get in that practice before playoffs.
Aphromoo is just as good, and he's better mechanically.
Tough guy?
Absolutely not. Aphromoo stabbed Doublelift in the back about as hard as possible. And didn't stop after his ultimatum got double kicked from CLG. And then he kept trying to justify his decision. It was pretty vicious. It was a big motivator for Doublelift though. He probably wouldn't be as good as he is today if he didn't have aphromoo on his heels trying to destroy his legacy. "I said stixxy would be better than Doublelift within a year. It only took half a split." His speech being interviewed on stage after winning the finals over TSM even shocked his teammates. It's worth watching. There was pr cover over all of this, of course. This "didn't bother" Doublelift. Of course it did. He doesn't admit it until a recent tsm legends episode. Aphromoo wasn't trying to sleep Doublelift on the final stage, he just wanted to thank all the past CLG players who had to suffer through toxicity, except for Doublelift. I want to like aphromoo. He's a great player who really understands the macro game. But knowing all this, it's obvious he's all front.
Well, shit. With five million you should have gotten paid. That's the chump change you use as bait to get the 100 million.
Do you watch the NBA?
&gt;a majority of gun owners and military people are Trump supporters. I doubt that.
Yeah, what we have now is better. Let's not change it.
She knew before she decided to walk through. She was slowing it down a bit. I'm now reviewing my own moment...
Sometimes you forget to ward, especially while losing. Look at the 24m 54s defeat 2 days ago. The enemy j4 placed more wards than you despite swapping out for sweeper. Given your low priority on vision, I'd bet you don't make a point to check bushes for pink/blue wards as you pass them either. So you're easier to track. Watch for pink wards in opponents' inventories, and try to guess where and when they place them.
Did you know that company debt and government debt are very different things?
No.
Wow. At 40 seconds I wanted to blame you for cutting someone off and slowing down. ... And then ten more seconds went by. How do you not look at where you're driving for more than 10 seconds?
Only if you have people to look at the advertisements.
They should, but they don't. If there was less MMR risk, it'd be fine.
This has nothing to do with scope creep.
You'd think that when they refuted it, they wouldn't use bannon as the first example.
The one that takes fifteen minutes to decide any time you go to a restaurant.
I'm a soraka one-trick at plat 3, and I'd be interested. I'd be happy to split time with your existing guy too, as long as I can get 20 hours notice of who's playing.
Really whether women should pay more than men doesn't really matter. It's splitting hairs. First, the impact it makes on an individual is only half the difference. Second, married couples don't really care, so we're only really talking about single men and women. Third, providing things like birth control for free is good for everyone, and that cost should probably be split. Fourth, if the cost is marginal, I'm of the opinion that we should take care of everyone. This isn't a hill I would die on either way. It's just not that important.
Maybe you should quit league.
Yeah, the dog doesn't interrupt the performance; the audience does.
Won't the temperature changes eventually break it?
Especially when rank 2 duo queues with rank 4. You need like 2 of 5 of the best TT players to queue up *together* to make that fair. Sure, you can go down to the top 50 dudes and make the game a bit unbalanced, but 50 dudes is still not that many to expect them to be duo queued at the same time as you. Now if the 2nd and 4th guy queue separately at the same time, it's much easier to put them in a fair game.
