When I first got it, it worked off the toolbar, not with E. After saving and reloading, it worked with E.
I disagree. I made it and immediately put it on my hotbar to use it, same as the pick and the hammer. Worked fine like this until after I saved and reloaded.
Note though: you only get a glowstick if the glowstick is farther up in your inventory than the flare gun~
at the end of the punch line.
I'm just now becoming aware of the concept of a "summoner"... it seems like bee armor allows 3 pets at a time. Is bee armor viable for hardmode or should I stick with a platinum set?
Interesting, and yes you're right. It only replaces the most recently summoned monster. I can do any combination as long as I unsummon
Yeah I've had a couple insanely amazing drops on this character. Shame it's only a game and not the lottery
Yes on the bewitcher table and well fed, never seen a summoner potion I'll have to brew some. Do I need to keep drinking the potions to keep the buff, or just once before I summon? Also, what's an EoW scarf?
I used the yo-yo a lot in regular mode, but it seems like it doesn't work when I have 5 summons going.. they hit the enemy so rapidly my yoyo never connects/bounces and the counterweight never comes out.
hmmm, i didn't think to check, but that's probably why, I had just gotten back from fishing so it was probably past midnight already. That's good information, thanks! :)
That being the case, wouldn't the corruption invalidate the room regardless of whether or not there was a door?
This is fascinating.... Way more complex than I was originally thinking, but it gives me a lot of ideas. As far as the movement physics goes though, there's no situation where a block will bump a player moving at a set speed a different way randomly?
Hmmm, actually since building out the trap system, it's common for there to be a total of 10+ enemies caught in tiger pits, and since I'm not actively hunting them down they are dying very slowly. I hadn't considered the total population might have an impact, but that's definitely a side effect of me not actively going through laps around my perimeter killing things. Thanks for the detailed response!
Actually the video made me realize, NPC wandering is non-deterministic, right? A friendly NPC locked in a room with a pressure plate should hit it an unpredictable number of times (though probably not useful for virtual computers) Additionally, there seems to be some randomness to spawning piranhas from a statue on dry land. If a crab was spawned and there was a switch on his right and on his left, I'd imagine his direction of choice would be 50/50. Additionally, I've noticed when mine carts have underside collisions, I sometimes get unpredictable results, and occasionally even at max speed, a certain jumping route that's carefully calculated can misfire. I spent a lot of time trying to get a mine cart to fly through a door and the results were inconsistent. I'm going to try to play around with sequences of boost tracks and see if I can make something unpredictable happen, will report back.
Regarding the saucer, I've had it spawn as early as 11%, and when I'm standing outside they literally spawn back to back with less than a 2-3 second delay between them, and as soon as I go down into my base they stop spawning. In fact, if I sit in my base and don't attack, I can sit there for 5-6 minutes and not see a single saucer, and the instant I emerge, a saucer spawns.
I was actually wondering if it was an inside joke, maybe the actress had dated Rob off-set or something. She apparently had a date with Perd as well, so she's sort of the classic "I know a guy" trope who the writers can retroactively claim has had a date with just about anyone if it drives the plot.
actually i have it on vhs, but I'm watching the YIFY rip. I'll need to compare the two. I didn't know that about TV stations though, that's interesting. Edit: I cross referenced, the YIFY rip goes back to regular speed about 20 minutes in, but the first 20 is definitely sped up visually. Same on my VHS.
Oh I agree he's definitely not a parasite, a shoulder wound immediately reveals parasites plus with pinkish blood, so the direct red blood chest shot proves he's real. That said, he's obviously something unusual as well, as is Rick, since only he and Rick seem to be directly capable of accurate 4th wall breaks. My theory is that Rick is, in a way, some sort of producer, and Mr Poopypants is in some way the audience.
Him being from a different dimensions seems needlessly complicated...
apparently you and I differ greatly on our understanding of the definition of the word "major"
at the big chicken store.
Nope, /u/Charlie_Zulu, you're totally wrong; I'm not trying to get a space station to fly to a different planet, I'm trying to get it to orbit Kerbal. I'm aware that KSP is difficult, the "difficulty" i'm having is that a 3 part space station wiggles around like an angry worm on a hot sidewalk while floating in orbit doing NOTHING.
Hmmm, I keep getting lured into the "more fuel, bigger ship" concept. I suppose keeping my fuel-to-ship ratio maximized could be done with smaller tanks.
Humm, have you heard about "KAS" and "KIS"? Lots of people are saying things that make it sound like there IS a way to do this...
precioussssss...
Hmm, I hadn't thought about taking the simulation overhead into account, i've been focused on in-game concept design. Taking the number of parts into account changes things though, cheers/thanks!
Interesting, and no... I'll look into this
i mean ive managed to get into orbit, i know not to try to launch east (although the upside down world is confusing), and I've managed to land on Mun and get home... I'm not sure if "intuitive" describes it well (I had to look a lot of stuff up), but the problems I'm having are theoretically sound space stations wobbling themselves like a PVC pipe at a blue man group concert.
I usually get out of mun's gravity with RCS rockets, the tricky part is knowing which direction to fly! =P
In the real physics world, does more parts end up causing things to behave unpredictably?
&gt; mild speech impediment I think the word for that is "lisp"
I know what scene's you're describing, and I can see where you're coming from, and what you're saying does fit if you read between implied lines, and the 10 year disappearance is another point of confusion, as is the eagerness for the coupon for the free Morty.... here's my issue though, Rick c-137 is the "Rickest Rick" and would certainly know if his Morty was not his original "Mortiest Morty". Bottom line, Rick is not a tremendously emotional person, and his "poor Rickless bastards" comment, and indifference when picking the wrong Jerry up from Jerryboree indicates that he's not sentimentally attached to Smith families from other dimensions. The fact that he was willing to sacrifice himself (more than once, in the Shrodinger time fracture episode and the season 2 finale) for Morty, indicates that he has some special attachment to his own Morty.
Are you actually enjoying this?
Hmmm, I wonder how people would react to moving to a different Rick... would mean the entire first 2 seasons would be irrelevant. I'd lose all my attached feelings toward the character and probably be pissed.
Only if it can star Redgren Grumbolt.
How is Jerry going to accomplish anything though? In the season finale he was all "Anything you care to tell us about this previously unmentioned 'government'", when it's come up, in his presence, at least a dozen times.
Ernest Saves Rick?
possible to make a printable version on white background?
What was George Washington's middle name?
I had 3 coolers and built four of those water things &amp; still was in the 40s.
Hmm, actually that's another thing I'm struggling with, I have a TON of animals, and they all have free range of the place &amp; make everything filthy. I'd been kicking around the idea of restraining them to a barn, but I've taught all my pigs how to haul stuff &amp; they're actually quite helpful.
Only when there's combat going on, or when I'm specifically trying to get a particular project done, and a lot of times I supervise a hunting party. Edit: I just realized "season" means a 15 day season, not a 60 day year. I had originally meant to say year.
Doing that now, Tundra in late fall is already no joke, so settling in the middle of nowhere near a lot of enemies. ...On that note, does the nearby factions (mapwise) impact who visits you? In my old base I was able to call for help to pretty much any faction, even if they are nowhere near me. I'm a 5 day journey from anyone, hoping I can get some trade.
The ship is actually in a forest area, but there's about 15 squares of tundra to get from one forest to another forest, and all my animals and colonists die 3 squares in. I'm currently making a base at the tundra edge to wait for summer. This is my second colony, and my first one died horribly in the first winter, which I'm ashamed of, so I don't want to lose these guys.
Mine too. Here's a thought; if you study the map travel, there's no movement from about 22h to about 6h. I suppose (as tedious as it may be), breaking camp at about 18h, building a tiny box around a heat vent &amp; striking camp at 8h every day might be necessary. That gives you 12 good hours of travel a day &amp; lets you avoid breaking your feet off trudging through the ice.
Fire bad, rain pretty.
Related observation: When I call to request a trader, factions nearby OR very far take the exact same time to arrive. Being directly next to a faction helps if you plan to raid/trade a lot with them though.
Hi I'm new here and what are Launch Pods?
The "cloth parka" hint was the best tip I had... I hadn't yet realized that different materials perform differently. I had a pile of camel fur from my Dromedaries that I wasn't even using.
;-;
I've had multiple times that a heat wave has destroyed everything in my fridge with two coolers.
Nope, I'm on a Mac though, I wonder if that's related.
I see it; "Toggle colonist bar". It's checked; no bar.
Already abandoned the settlement with the dog, but I have a Megasloth I captured and tamed during toxic fallout that has Dementia, they get like 8.5+ DPS...
Yep, mine's checked
Yes, it's checked.
It's amusing because Dadaist art is essentially anti-art, meant to offend and be hideous on purpose in order to protest against the wealthy and powerful and their notions of art.
ALMOST conflicting with its erotic style. I love it!
HOLY CRAP YOU CAN WALK OVER WEAPON RACKS???
Hahaha, yeah that's exactly it. Thanks! :)
That was a great scene :)
rageking5 found it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaR_5tRi8ro#t=3m25s
Full of frozen raw meat and room temperature kibble. They were set to follow a colonist who was working &amp; apparently he carried a meal with him &amp; ate in the field rather than back at home. From there, the dogs got too hungry &amp; just started standing around. Stupid dogs.
I assigned them to a colonist, went into "Draft" mode, walked them to the fridge, then unassigned them.
South Park does a similar gag when they take a field trip to Costa Rica, the tour guide over-pronounces the Spanish words like "Coh-STAHH-ree-KAHH". The memorable scene from that was where Carman rolls down the bus window and yells "Hey everyone look at the prostitues!" and one of them replies "hey mang, why you no take a peekshur?" and Cartman pretends to hold up an invisible camera and says "Okay~ Cleeeek!"
I dunno how I feel about the pirate indie games vs pirate blockbuster games... theft is theft, whether you're robbing a mom &amp; pop shop or a Walmart. Walmart is a big faceless corporation, but stealing from them affects millions of shareholders and employees, many of whom are struggling in life. Why feel sorry for an indie game studio who has succeeded in making an awesome game, but not feel sorry for a broke sap who wants to play games and have fun but can't afford them?
I always try to tame them.
I made a colonist slaughter her bonded labrador, skin it, and then tailor it into a tuque hat and wear it. Winter was coming.
Eh... On the one hand taking something someone worked hard on is wrong... on the other and least it's not the same as murdering a man, riding his horse, and taking his daughters as wives.
RIGHT? Jeez, it's like having a bunch of teenagers.
How is it not?
I think he meant create a new game &amp; then send your 3 colonists to the first base; probably answer is no. I recently have discovered a really solid work flow planting cotton and selling it to buy slaves (the irony of which is not lost on me).
You're basing this on emotions; i'm basing it on technicals.
You just broke my entire life.
Once they become colonists, you can't throw them into the geyser room any longer without pissing off EVERYONE
So, your little sister...
That's it actually haha, nice work! Now that I think of it, I believe Smash Bros had something similar.
From a developer's standpoint, as best I can tell the "fleeing pirates" sequence of events is a 2-part sequence, consisting of adding a colonist, a short delay, then a raid. I would bet very heavily that the raid is just a standard raid that's put in the queue by the event, rather than a special subset of raid.
Yeah you're right though, I can picture the blocky silver text on the screen.
One of my colonists just shot someone with an assault rifle, the first bullet downed him &amp; the other 5 were just a bonus. Cost him a finger and a toe, but he lived through it.
I usually let them die, but the attacking pirates often have some with good stats &amp; I can pick and choose after :)
HAHAHAHA that's fantastic.
OK THEN. In the original Sim City there were random disaster events, and your focus was on preparing to handle them by expanding your foundation incrementally in a way that was balancing the aggregate of needs using a variety of buildings; I need money so I build industry, now I need people to work at the place so I build residential, but the residents need to buy things so I build commercial, but now I have higher power demand so I build a power plant, but now I have higher pollution so I build parks, but now I have higher tax costs so I need to repeat, all the while expanding outward building roads etc, trying to find a balance of needs while increasing my revenue and therefore my foundation, while preparing for a fire to destroy everything. In Terraria, you run around mining/harvesting resources and using them to build block-driven buildings of your own arbitrary shape and design in order to fulfill needs of industry (smelting, weapon making, etc), while expanding the base of items you're able to build, improving your stats, moving up into better and better gear that you make yourself, all of which improves your ability to dig and build and eventually NPCs move in, each which has it's own specialty. The block-by-block building mechanism, the resource harvesting, NPC management, raids, random disasters, outward expansion, research and technology increases etc are all present in both Sim City and Terraria. Now you tell me how I'm wrong.
If it had been Naomi Watts or Laura Vandervoort, I too would have been sad for two seasons.
"Abrasive", so skilled in pissing off ALL my colonists who are actually working.
MORTY GET AHO-OOHHHHHhhh-LD OF YOURSELF!
I played with the moisture drainer, but it doesn't handle deep water
WHAT IS THIS MAGIC OF WHICH YOU SPEAK?
Yep, Actor is gender neutral.
Hmmm, very good point. I believe German and French both have neutral versions of their nouns, but I don't believe that's the case in Spanish. To be fair though, it initially made things confusing in English when we started forcing everything into gender-neutrality, and I'd argue that any game with sci-fi vocabulary is also "difficult to read" until you're used to it.
My vote goes with the Professor/a, I've used his/her or him/her in games in the past when gender isn't explicitly stated, or when the text isn't modifiable.
That line of reasoning never ends though; Why have "Male" and "Female" as a binary, and "Gay" as a true/false? We need 55 genders and 75 orientations in order to be fully accepting.
Oh I totally agree. I also know people over 80 who feel the same way about the N word. Keep fighting the good fight.
OK then, lets use a word that wasn't offensive "from the time of its creation": The word "Negro" was considered scientifically and politically accurate for years; placed on medical forms, census papers, political surveys, and was officially recognized by the US government as "proper". In around 1970 we were told to stop saying it, and people born before 1960 thought it was silly and that it was a perfectly valid word. Here's a literal conversation I heard about 5 months ago between an elderly couple at a Dennys (I'll never forget it): Cashier: "Sorry our computer is down, which server did you have?" Man: "The Negro" Wife: "HAROLD! They don't like to be called negros" Man: "What? Why not, thats what they are" Wife: (whispers) "We aren't supposed to use that word, they're African Americans now" Man: "Afric~ I'm not saying that, that's stupid. They're Negros, and if they find that offensive, that's their problem" I understand that you feel "inconvenienced" to update your vocabulary, but so did this man, and you can fight social change all you want, frankly I don't care, and neither will people your age, but the younger generation will roll their eyes, be embarassed, and largely view you as backward and out of touch.
Didn't spend a lot of time in Blockbuster's VHS horror section?
In the end I was just trying to grab stuff &amp; get off the map... colonists are stupid about forming caravans.
these don't look safe to eat...
This is my second "Giggles", and my first one was also a complete psycho.
Yeah... I always panic when a tribe of visitors wanders through. I've been taken down by hails of arrows triggered by a bad hunter shot far too often.
Racist, but I like it.
I was being #ironic, but #thanks for the #guidance all the same
Break through your limitations!
I stopped having fun with Rimworld at one point, even though I don't save scum often, but the permadeath mode makes me take things much more seriously, which makes it more fun. Also, how do you know God doesn't save scum? You think you'd remember from reload to reload? Related: have you played Undertale? Early in the game when you don't know what you're doing, you're highly likely to kill a particular character &amp; afterward you find out what a jerk you are and that it was optional. If you reload, the first character you encounter says "I know what you did ;)". The game plays you.
You might like the game Craft the World; You control a pack of named dwarfs and build platformer style by issueing orders very similarly to how you do in Rimworld. It's cartoony and cute, but you still invest time into building individual dwarfs skills, and you're sad when they die, and you can take direct control of one and play as if it's you. I also feel very emotionally attached to them; nowhere near how I do in Rimworld though, the flaws of the characters in Rimworld and their limitations is what makes them relatable. I want so badly to see myself in the game but I'm afraid of what my stats would be.
Restart fixed it; first restart in like 3 days.
OK then, "Offering to pay the ransom in person because we lack the technology to teleport goods"?
hahaha oh wow.
Meta.
I like this.
Oh, I turned that on before &amp; didn't care for it. I like to actually see what I have, not just generally what I have.
OF COURSE everything was done right "the first time", because the people writing the book don't perceive the reloads. Havent you ever seen that Tom Cruise Starship Troopers film?
I've had fantastic results with training pigs to haul... never had luck with getting anything to fight, but having a bonus 4 pawns dedicated to hauling and as a backup food source is pretty nice. Skill doesn't impact time to train though, just success rate, and the pawn had 15 in animal handling. It happened as soon as the cobras hatched. Might be something with having 8 cobras on the screen.
True... it would need to be on a room by room basis; if there's 2 poops on opposite sides of the colony, it takes the cleaner half a day to make rounds; i'd prefer they ignore them both until there's 2 poops within a reasonable walking distance.
Holy crap I haven't had one of these yet....
This is the game: you're always one step behind having it together, and once you DO get it together, the storyteller blindsides you. If heat is an issue and the electric is down you can use passive coolers (it's a tier 1 research, takes about a day, but you'd need to start on it before the problem), forbid the freezer so pawns don't go in and out and let the heat in (open doors bleed). Cowboy hats are a fast-to-make and very effective heat blocker. Be prepared to lose ALL your meat at any time, but animal corpses last longer than butchered meat, and harvested vegetables last forever in the heat. If you know you can't handle an event, pack up a caravan &amp; load everything up... you're better off heading out to sell the meat than having it all spoil (meat weighs like nothing). Always use the buddy system or send your caravan with a pet (they can and will be ambushed and you can not run). You can always pick (harvest) berries if it gets bad. Also, it's kind of cheating, but I always put my colony directly bordering an ally, the round trip is about 1.6 hours, so I can trade for a one-off resource. Ultimately, 90% of the game is knowing (ahead of time) what COULD possibly go wrong, and planning for things that haven't yet happened. I always keep a couple Penoxyline handy even if no one is sick, and build 2 coolers for my freezer even though one will do the job. I build heaters when I don't need them (just in case of a cold snap). Still, every game I get blindsided by something. Starting this game, I don't try to tame animals in a herd of more than 3 animals (Accidentally pulled 15 elephants while trying to tame one in the last game &amp; they killed EVERYONE).
I was under the impression that the forest biome was the "easiest", but I've really started to appreciate Arid Shrubland; it's a little more harsh and resources more scarce, BUT there's no lakes to walk around, and the climate consistently "bad", but keyword is it's consistent; year long growing season, no cold weather, and once you're geared for heat stroke there aren't a lot of temperature based surprises.
You can build on any set of traits if you're creative; again I've had entire colonies thrive on mining and art and trading for what I need. Being within a half-day trip of a neighbor is a must.
Well played.
Space between... fascinating. I like the idea of breaking their cover, I thought a long hallway would be enough but they have good aim. I had pretty awesome results on the last raid.
Or like that guy from Game of Thrones. If you want least painful, euthanize 2 colonists on day 1 and feed the third to the dogs. Life is pain.
I mentioned elsewhere; I work a 95 hour week &amp; get 12 weeks off per year, so on those weeks I'm either drunk or playing video games or both... Our first born is due in March, so this is probably my last game for a long time... ;-;
I KNOW! Sorry to spoil it, it was pretty epic. My relationship is only like 35 with them, just sstarting out, so it was a fluke.
Did you just drop a Mermaid of Flesh and Blood reference?
I just had a steel wall catch fire too. Whats that about? Do I need to build granite walls next time?
I have yet to encounter a Thrumbo polite enough to donate its fur~
In that way it comes down to style, the game is really well balanced :)
iknowright
WAKE UP SHEEPAWNS! (don't profile the haulers!)
can't they just come around and bust in the back though?
DO A BARREL ROLL!
[My Man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JjpHmt7J8g)
[Puppies are idiots](http://imgur.com/a/E19YX).
Ah, I only saw the first 2 seasons, this is pretty awesome.
Sounds like white death.
You don't, they just get into stuff, much like real puppies.
That's clever! :)
Ahhh right I forgot about the darkness penalty. For the lovers it'll balance, but probably not great as a general rule. I'm on Arid Shrubland :)
[Mindy did the same thing](http://imgur.com/a/FZjfr)
Suddenly: CATS!
and what kind of meat?
[Cool cool cool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7w-anroW-LY)
I reached it on my second colony with minimal save scumming (hit some unexpected hiccups crossing the tundra). It was kind of anticlimactic &amp; it makes the colony unplayable moving forward (very much a game over).
Yes. I also can read.
I mean other than power armor in the late game.
Hahahaha, this is the best response I ever saw.
I... what?
I've tried this before but training cobras is bugged in my game; when the pawn offers meat it locks him up for like a full game hour &amp; the snake ends up wandering off the screen. Only happens with cobras.
Yeah but watching someone with two peg legs try to walk around while stoned would be worth it.
There's a dirty joke about blowing in there somewhere...
Most of my colonists seem happy with about 6-7, but my night owl wakes up too soon &amp; has a break pretty frequently.
Careful tho, [traders can be aggressive](https://www.reddit.com/r/RimWorld/comments/5p1l2m/heystop_that/)
I'm sure you figured this out already, but it doesn't apply to every item (such as food and leather)
THANKS! :)
My very first colony I had one single cryo pod and no centipedes/etc, I was like "Yay, new friends!", and she still single handedly incapacitated every single one of my colonists. Now I don't mess with them until I'm ready to part with a colony. It's like... reverse gambling... Nothing good ever happens, you just roll the dice to see how much you lose.
Interesting, what do you arm them with?
Almost EVERYTHING can be a strength if you play it right; trigger happy is fantastic with a minigun, it's already only like 10% accuracy; more bullets = better.
A bit off topic, but regarding Bionic Bits, I notice your pawn is well set with 4 bionic bits. I have made allies out of 4 of the 5 factions and I call for combat &amp; pirate traders on regular rotation (pretty much call every day), and I make round trips to my 2 neighbors frequently. In 1 year of gameplay I've only found 1 bionic arm, 1 bionic leg, 2 bionic eyes, and 2 prosthetic legs. Also, regarding the surgeries; My doctor is at 16 medical &amp; just tore someone to death installing a bionic arm, any advice for making that process more successful? Playing on permadeath mode, so, kind of important...
Regarding capturing raiders with bionic parts; would you amputate the parts? Don't your colonists throw a fit? I took a kidney out of a guy who shot one of my colonists in the kidney and everyone was upset.
Also, ants.
I'm philosophically against mods in all games. To me, it feels like opening up Notepad and typing "LEVEL 80".
-5 points, Killing Hostage
WHAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTT
I'm not.
I've been watching the algorithm, I think the heat loss when the door opens is definitely part of it. Also the coolers don't work steadily but seem to produce cold air in bursts. Even if I forbid the door, the temperature spikes up and down.
That hallway is outside, not really visible from this angle.
Thank you :)
The pack animals are frustrating, because the colonists need to run around loading them up. If you're preparing a really long trip and not bringing all your colonists, start out with ALL the colonists selected for the trip, let them load the muffalo, then right before they leave, cancel &amp; remake the caravan with just 1 or 2 colonists. The muffalo will stay loaded &amp; you don't have to reselect the items (carried inventory is considered part of the caravan by default)
That vent doesn't connect to the freezer; the freezer is the 1x2 square next to the highlighted cooler. The corn &amp; kibble is not in the freezer. Sorry, I should have just said that but I was annoyed at everyone not understanding what I was trying to draw attention to, that's my fault.
Traders don't stop by much until you build a comms console and start bribing them. I always build directly bordering an allied town so I can make a quick round trip to dump bulk goods.
My 6x6 freezer works just fine with 2 coolers, single walls, and 1 door, I would think that a 1x2 with 1 cooler should be ok
I'd call that a bug.
That's awesome. I love the depth of this game. I have a colonist who's "brother" has appeared twice now with a trading caravan from a particular place, and I've captured and converted a former leader of a tribal faction before. I've also captured, installed a peg-leg in, healed, and released a tribal raider before, only to see them visiting later on when I'd made peace with that tribe. The depth of what all is going on is amazing.
I played around with the idea, but I'd need a "evacuate now" button and some sort of warning system that a massive hoard is approaching or it would just feel like everything is completely off the rails.
no, it's [unwalled](http://imgur.com/a/5ymfP).
Enemy Faction Bases, where I'm sure to find the leader. Faction schisms, factions dying out, new factions forming.
The dirt cleaning is a bit wonky, they tend to zigzag when they clean. I keep the home area tight around the building &amp; handle fires manually, but yeah, having a "protect" zone and a "maintain" zone would be nice. I'd also like a way to flag a zone as "keep predators out"... I had a cougar get into the middle of my base while I was rebuilding walls &amp; eat one of my pets, &amp; didn't even know it was in there until the pet was dead... walked past a dozen colonists and nobody was like "oh shit big cat".
A one man colony may be getting bullied by a large enemy swarm, but the one-man colony should be able to abandon the colony &amp; get away &amp; set up his hut elsewhere.
THATS THE BEST IDEA EVER!
I think you're thinking of malaria.
I imagined this being said in the lipton brisk ice tea voice, but he was wearing a human leather hat and drinking a glass of blended pirate legs.
I think the game preloads a couple set events, including an animal going mad, a wanderer joining, someone fleeing pirates, 3 evenly spaced raids, a visitor, and a trading caravan. after that it's totally random, i'd venture a guess that something like half of your relationship rating is the odds of a trader showing up any given day... at 50 rating with 4 allies, I get a random trader almost daily, but I still pay to get specific types to show up (I need bionic limbs badly, all my colonists stupid meat tubes keep falling off)
That being the case, we should have an "always on" option. I doubled the size of the freezer &amp; now it stays cold. It seems counter intuitive that a cooler can keep a large room cold and not a small room.
hmm, I've never seen an animal ask to join a colony. why'd you sell a bonded animal? was it a yorkshire terrier? those are terrible.
"Permadeath is a dumb feature, why would I play a game just to start over? Super Mario is a dumb game, I should be able to die 100 times on level 8-4 and keep playing until I win, and if I can't win, the game should eventually let me skip the level and TELL me that I've won. The best game ever is Notepad, because I can just type I Win."
actual good things? like making an EASIER difficulty?
I did too; it was a total fluke, an enemy with a normal personal shield just happened to die right there, later I'm scanning around looking for prey and it's like CACTUS WEARING SUNGLASSES! I about fell out of my chair.
It probably wouldn't be too hard to run a quick time-elapse when the pawn re-enters, just tick off some days, etc
Those are his cousins. They are trouble makers. Norm is a good boy.
That's nonsense, you can call a slaver and have them deliver slaves.
I mean yeah, you can burrow your colonists in like a tic and be pretty much invincible, but what if the pirates started killing off your allies and you needed to go defend them? Like when you call for immediate support and they appear on the side of the map, now you don't have the upper hand of a tight base, and if you ignore it eventually all your trading partners can get wiped out and their bases taken over. Thinking like Fallout 4.
It was a total accident, I saw a "norm 17%" shield on my item list and was like "where the heck is that?" &amp; it had been stripped off an enemy that had been buried &amp; all his other clothing hauled off, just the shield was left.
Yeah they get pissy if they have to eat without a table.
Radar scanner to send you a warning in case you forget to watch the map?
oh! I haven't seen that one yet.
I like that you have to put 'meat' in quotes. I know your secret.
Problem is, I tried to install them both on myself at the same time. Once I got both my real arms off, I suddenly realized my folly. Hey wait a tic, why can't bionic arms be set on autopilot to perform surgery on yourself?
On that note do you happen to know if colonists with bionic arms and strong abilities pull bigger enemy raids? I kind of like the idea of a small core group of elite colonists, rather than a big mob of idiots.
Mood +5: Cannibal Ate Human Meat
Yeah but sometimes I ask a colonist to get 500 silver, and there's 500 silver right next to him, but he decides to do a lap around the complex &amp; then grab 500 different silver from 3 different piles. Right click- pick up- draft- run to edge of map- DEPART
Still seems odd that a freezer can cool a big room better than a small room.
Gainful employment?
Until one day...
&gt; Won't read a 39 panel comic &gt; Took the time to count that there are 39 panels Hmmmm... OCD yet lazy?
don't go giving the scyther no tree fiddy woman!
24 walls is 24 objects bleeding heat. 6 walls is 1/4 as many walls bleeding heat.
Is there a connection between time elapsed and game intensity, or is it always scaled based on what you have? I'd be afraid of sleeping too long. Also, pets?
If that's a mod, then no.
The tribes are hunter gatherers, they don't settle.
Crocodiles too. He hates those.
Why did you draw curved red lines on his barracks?
TIL: Centipedes are inflatable.
awesome, thanks so much! I've been paranoid ever since my sniper blew the leg off a random hauler who was walking by during an emu hunt.
Oh, I'm just clarifying. I couldn't tell by looking, I don't know much about guns. I usually opt for long range, so it's a mix of sniper rifles and survival rifles. Different guns for different purposes?
Wouldn't it be safer to pick at centipedes with sniper rifles? Their range (based on my experience) is pretty limited.
Researching.
Liquid Oxygen is what puts rockets in space. It's a fact.
Immediately, in an advanced hospital bed.
This was built by enemies during a siege event.
Balance it by having characters become traumatized by something. For example, I had a pawn take a shot to the face from an incendiary centipede. Blew her nose off &amp; burned her all over her body. She still fights fire and returns fire, when realistically she should be curled up in a ball on the floor of the hospital crying any time an alarm goes off.
what's a scyther blade? how to get?
hope we don't have to wait another year and a half... my infant daughter is nearly 3 months old and episode 1 came out right as she was born. RemindMe! a year and a half, or longer~
Once upon a time that was the case; now you can just use a standard 3 prong outlet. Car comes (free) with something that looks like a laptop charger's big cousin who just got out of jail (it's like 6 times bigger/heavier). But yeah, any standard home wall outlet (I'm in an apartment that offers garages &amp; the garage power isn't wired through to the individual apartment meters, so the complex pays for it).
Comes out to roughly 4 minutes per mile on the Bolt; 15 miles in an hour, about 13 hours for a full charge. That's one limitation, but you can get a 240v outlet put in (like what the washing machine takes) &amp; cut the time in half (all of which costs money, which we're trying to avoid here)
Nah it's the same if you get the DC Fast chargers, the Bolt doesn't come with it. The Volt on the other hand has a package for it, and the Volt has a 10 gallon gas tank. Battery still charges when you use the brakes, in my case I have a baby and I'm 6'5", so it was too small (the Volt is enormous inside for such a tiny looking car; it's classed small SUV)
Chevy Volt takes DC Fast, it's about 2 hours to charge 200 miles; not quite as good, but very easy to find. Sadly the 2017 Bolt does not; the 2018 probably will though! :)
Thats if you plan to tour the world. I do about 500 miles/month.
I'm a technology consultant slash web designer slash programmer slash CS tutor and have been for over 10 years, ama ;) EDIT: Can't anyone declare themselves a part time Uber/Lyft driver?
haha yeah actually I drive about 500 miles per month. Touring the world being the point though, that disrupts the lease. A 10k mile annual limit still gives you 800 miles a month, which is not nearly enough for most people to get to work and back :)
Funnily enough, in Mexico those two words are pronounced the same :)
I thought that going in, but go test drive one and ask the guy if you can gun it at the light, then tell me it's lame. Bolt does 0-60 in 6.3 seconds. Here's a short list of cars that perform similarly: Honda Accord Coupe EX-L (6.3) Mazda 6s Grand Touring (6.4) Kia Optima SX (6.5) Hyundai Sonata SE (6.6) So not exactly a sex machine, most mustangs will outperform it (the late 90s model mustangs didn't though), but unless you're going off appearance it's definitely not "lame" either (the Camry for example is 0 to 60 in 8 seconds). In my case I'm 6'5" and I have a baby on board, so none of the "sexy" cars fit my needs, and at this point I'm in my late 30s with a baby &amp; getting laid about as often as a lunar eclipse, so looking sexy isn't high on my priorities list ;)
Every dealer, but they're always assholes about it. Not sure about what the credit score requirement is to do that. The way I did it, I went in and asked and they had a sheet that was like: $2,500 down $240/month $3,000 down, $270/month $4,000 down, $300/month I drew an X over the "$4,000" and signed the bottom and slid the paper back, so he went "back to the manager" &amp; came back with a counter offer. $2,500 down $230/month $3,000 down $250/month $4,000 down $280/month So I drew an X over the $4,000 and wrote "$0", then drew an X over the $280 and wrote "$300", signed it and slid it back We did this 3 more times &amp; eventually I got the car. My credit score is pretty high though (above 800), so I'm not sure how hard it is to wrangle this deal at specific scores. Here's another approach: see if you can come up with a credit card with a $2,500 limit, put a $2,500 down payment on it, then wait for the cash back (again this definitely varies by state &amp; income level so I don't have much data here).
mmm fair enough, I'm looking at it from the standpoint of someone who already drives a paid-off vehicle.
Offroad part is interesting; Bolt has self-sealing tires &amp; no spare, and thus far it seems to handle speed bumps pretty well, but I'm sure it can't go all the places a jeep can go. how off road are we talking, and what problems are you aware of?
hahahaha, just make sure you install 3 car seats in the back of your car and you're good! ;)
that's what I said; shit if I'd known you were here, I'd have come in later! Considering my former vehicle was a 2003 Dodge Grand Caravan (I'm poor, it was a gift from my grandpa okay), and I'm spending $3 every 14 miles, so i'm still totally stoked on like the general vibe and stuff
I based my price on posts at https://leasehackr.com/ ; it does a by-area.
Well, lets be practical then. Assuming you get audited the first year you claim to have self employed income, you'll have an additional $3,000 of taxable income to cover, which depending on your tax bracket is around a $1,000 penalty at the end of the year, and even with a 10% penalty (yeah right) it's still less than the cost of a year of gasoline.
It could be worse. Trump could be your president.
I learned from the best! Covfefe.
it's only illegal if you get caught! but I would argue back, if in any way, driving around is helping me to do my job, then it's business miles. business people get to invoice golf games and $100 dinners and all sorts of bullshit. let me have my tiny slice of the pie!
The idea is that if I buy a new car &amp; sell it in 3 years I'll probably lose more than the lease costs, and if I buy a used car that's 3 years old, I'm not driving a new car.
Sorry, it won't happen again! :)
And you're an asshole, so I think I'm still coming out ahead :)
it's not a scam... that's just like... your opinion, man... it's all in how you look a it. potato, po-taxfraud. as always though, people are focusing on exactly the wrong point, instead of "oh shit $4,500 cash back immediately on a $0 down car lease with a total lease price of $10k, that's crazy!", it's "ah HAH! YOU, sir, are NOT a tax attorney!"
If you run a business that involves driving, you invoice miles, and that's only one small part of the entire post that you've chosen to focus on because you have an axe to grind for some reason.
you can quit replying at any time, i'm enjoying our discussion. i'm still not convinced that you're right though.
she'd better get inside, looks like it's gonna rain. that's dangerous.
As a living creature, I would like to cling to the idea that I can keep living after I stop living; this is instinct. As an objective thinker, assuming all memories, emotions, and experiences only exist within the brain, is it possible there's anything left once it's destroyed?
I'm an atheist because of Occam's razor; complex explanations seem less likely than simple ones, and every religion provides complex "tied to the physical experience" explanations of afterlife. It seems like much of religion revolves around trying to answer the question, and of course there's no factual answer. Do you worry about what happens after you die? Are you looking forward to not existing or afraid of it?
as a living creature, does that bother you on an emotional level?
depending on how far you carry it out, despite strong evidence, you have no reason to believe you have physical form, or that you exist, or that you aren't a hallucination in another entity's dream, or a robot. Reducto Ad Absurdum? If energy can't be created or destroyed, then even though my thoughts and ideas will be scattered to dust, that dust will continue to exist. Maybe being dust isn't so bad!
i find heaven and hell to complex and too politically biased of a concept to be plausible.
Ohhh, Rick, how dumb ARE you? You're in a simulation, of a simulation, that's INSIDE a simulation!
why does consciousness exist at all then? why not have unconscious zombies bumbling around achieving needs? a volcano can erupt without being conscious. flowers can pollinate flowers without being conscious. at what point does a creature benefit from questioning its own actions instead of just mechanically responding to stimulus?
what happens when the universe collapses and the atoms break down?
in order for me to think i'm not a zombie, there needs to be a me to think that. i know what "me" is, therefore I am me.
yes, but it's me, being programmed that way!
Male here! Couple observations on myself and fellow males: 1) We "get better" all the time; sometimes better at lying, sometimes better at hiding and sneaking, seldom (but sometimes) better at being honest, sensitive, and forthcoming... but it rarely changes direction, so if we were already liars, we'll lie better. If we were already caring, we care better. Sometimes both at the same time! 2) If we're allowed to "get away" with something once, we'll do it again. Anything that happens between getting caught and getting away with it again is an elaborate dance to set things up so we can do it again. 3) It's never our fault. It's society, it's a seductress, it's alcohol, it's hormones; there are a million explanations, but the reality is that if the cause of an action "isnt our fault" but no fundamental event changes the world to cause that thing to stop existing, then buckle up because it's going to be "not our fault" many times. 4) Often promiscuity stems from fear and sense of inadequacy. how very sad for us, boo hoo... that doesn't make it any harder on you though; don't let our fear of inadequacy drag you down with us. Also as a side note, there are no "good" or "bad" men; just as there are no good or bad women. We're all just kind of doin stuff, a lot of us have bad judgement a lot of the time, and a lot of us are good people that do dumb things. We're all a random combination of lonely and stupid and selfish and self sacrificing and loving and desperate and afraid. Do your best to find one of us that you can tolerate, but it's an odds game; if your goal is to find a better man, you may leave this one and find a worse one. You can tolerate a life with this particular one in your sphere of existence, you can seek a life that doesn't depend on the stability of a man in order to function, or you can try to find an upgrade... best you can do is ask yourself "what are the odds that the person I am now, living in the situation I'm in now, is able to attract someone better than who I have now, and how may people in my same situation are trying to do the same, and how many men are in the market for what I have". There may be an amazing guy out there who will love you for exactly who you are, but if there are 5 of you in the same situation, then 4 of you are going to be disappointed. There may be 100s of amazing guys out there, and only a couple people in your situation, and finding another guy may be a snap. Quite probably, it's two fish trying to find each other in a big empty ocean, and it may just take time to sort out. If you think the odds are against you; fly solo. At the end of the day, your kids are #1; not your man and his excuses. He'll be fine with or without you. Your kids will not.
based on the buddies under-reaction, and the awkward "hold it out to the camera" catch &amp; how the camera is centered on the table, and the guy walking down the street's non-reaction, i'm gonna call shenanigans
what would anyone know about afterlife?
haha i get it! =P
i think the key to any of this is that the person knows visually roughly what they're looking for or what the intended purpose is. Anyone should know what a pipe wrench is, but my wife wouldn't know a pipe wrench from a screw driver, and there are left handed tools. A left handed hammer would be pretty funny. If you sent someone for something completely nonsense like a "Phillips head wrench", and they don't know tools, of course everyone would laugh at them, but there's no "you idiot" factor at the end (unless they're actually supposed to know about tools).
i'm assuming that's funny because it's time consuming? the job everyone hated was dumping the greasy water from under the grill... it weighed like 100 pounds and was awkward/unbalanced, and full of hot grease. Something the employees all dreaded &amp; had been doing for years. They were really unhappy when I taught them how siphoning worked.
why were you being advised on phone sex etiquette when you were 8?
seen the [grandmother that slows traffic with a hair dryer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9ufd_1_8zI)?
had never seen a keg tap, or watched a keg be tapped, and am aware of left handed can openers and cork screws. seemed legit.
sugar gliders, right? Are these the ones that are up all night screaming? I looked at converting my porch outdoors here in Los Angeles to house them but the home owners association wouldn't let me put up the net.
ho ho ho, have i got some videos for you! [Crow using a butter lid as a sled, repeatedly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dWw9GLcOeA) [Crow discovering water displacement to float up a seed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZerUbHmuY04) [Crow using crosswalk to break &amp; safely gather nuts run over by cars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK5RHmvU6sE)
You must replace the sign on top with "Vault 13"
OH! i remember that from like... 90s photoshop or something. there was a tartan fill or something. why not just like "striped paint" or "plaid paint"?
Wonder if Trump is going to use his first secret assassination. Every president gets 3. When Comey mysteriously disappears in 3 days, where are we all meeting?
Shoney's, my home away from home! I'm just hoping Trump doesn't have Krombopulous Michael's business card....
please, i've spent less time living in America than I've spent living in "the world". I just remember being in Arizona 20 years ago and being told the story about how London Bridge was moved to Arizona brick by brick, and how they wrote notes to try to remember how to get it back together correctly. Serves me right though for being slightly ignorant of British trivia in a BBC thread. Also, 9/10 downvotes are being done by Americans who try to get other Americans to pronounce "football" as "american football"
i actually got a conveyor stairs working using /u/osofurioso 's advice; basically placing a horizontal conveyor directly on top of a vertical one and it "pops" through the floor, then continuing the pattern. It's ugly as sin, but quite effective.
I'm ok with it, but how do i fly up a tall conveyer belt?
that's exactly what I was hoping. in other games i've played like this, by now i'm banging a rock and a stick together and making a spear or getting attacked by something. i'm still struggling with the interface, not sure how to craft stuff... the tutorial had me make a power core, not sure why I did it or what my little helper guy does, and i accidentally dumped all my energy into a mining device &amp; started dying &amp; couldn't figure out how to get energy back out of the mining thing. i just now figured out i have an inventory. not sure whether i need to move supplies from the hoppers to the crafting table or how all that works. i think i'm a bit thrown off by the game starting me out with power, coal, and a crafting table. i don't have any great insight on to how to polish the intro, but this big thing in the middle, i can't recognize what's what... what's the crafting table? what's the power node? what's the coal block? if i started in an empty field and had to build everything myself, i'd know what everything is.
[YOU ALL SUCK...](http://www.bash.org/?5300)
depends if you read "read" as read or read (that also applies to this sentence)
Why would you knowingly swim into a sarlacc pit? Are you mad, lad?
as far as the "massive factory" goes, i've been doing small straight line tunnels to resources. am I better off just escavating out a giant open cavern? i see a lot of those in the tutorial. also can I replace dirt? i accidentually dug a hole in the path of my conveyer belt and had to dig down and redo the entire design.
alright, so learning curve. this was my same experience in Rimworld... first 5 days was "WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO BE DOING???" after that was 5 months of "THERES NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GET EVERYTHING DONE!!!"
Thank you! I've been practicing.
shame he had to give all those jews typhus tho...
"You expect this court to believe that as you were running behind him with a makeshift machete hook, that he simply tripped and FELL, and that you were trying to HELP him?"
Rimworld. Stumbled across it by accident, 3 days later I was butchering this poor guy's mother because we needed more hats. It was her fault, she couldn't haul. At no point was I thinking to myself "is this moral?". I simply needed hats.
present tense, not historical sense.
i enjoy the Bioshock effect where death is meaningless; also enjoy playing hardcore mode. either is fun.
so, while sitting in my inventory it somehow benefits arthur? any reason I should make more? do i need to equip?
anyone else uncomfortable with the mathematical fact that part of the outside part of the lid is touching the food?
big yogurt, lmao
do i have to install them or just carry them around in my inventory?
what did those potatos do to you?
You clearly are not hungry for apples.
hmmm... [alright then, Chip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJ3dk6KAvQM)
oh that's really cool actually! that's something I can think of examples of and relate to
pushing back a bit, I adore our daughter and it's not stormy all the time. part of the beauty of life is submitting yourself to the will of someone who has wants and needs that don't perfectly coincide with ones own. an inevitable part of every relationship is compromise, and quite frankly I've been self destructive since I was 10 years old. this whole event (and this last couple months since our daughter was born) have been unusually chaotic and stressful. there's not necessarily a light at the end of any sort of tunnel but living life like a bachelor has a monotony to it that I can't tolerate either. the problem ultimately isn't me or her. it's life. life is the problem.
Hissssssss~~~~! ;) The point is, I don't think it's a brilliant idea to let some individuals choose when they feel "in danger". A couple days ago I watched a lady lose her shit and start screaming help to her husband because she had left her shopping cart blocking an aisle and some young guy with tattoos and piercings had moved it rather rudely (basically slapped it out of the aisle); she was nowhere near it, but she was calling it "assault" and screaming for her husband to "stop him" and "don't let him get away", and the young guy was shouting back like "LADY what the FUCK is your problem???" so he wasn't handling it well either. If the lady had a gun at that moment I'm certain she'd have used it, and having watched the whole thing, my judgement is that it would have been uncalled for. Both of them were being unreasonable, and plenty of bystanders were watching like "man if someone did that to me, I'd shoot them!" arming any of them would have been bad, and the "if someone did that to me i would shoot them!" reaction is bad too.
has anyone emailed dave yet to let him know he's front page?
OK lets roll this back a bit... what she did was objectively terrible, but she's pretty objectively "a complete fucking train wreck", she's got some sort of emotional damage and an axe to grind, can we just let her off the hook for being a complete asshole? (source: me; a complete asshole, hoping to sometime in the future be let off the hook)
It was a run-by fortune cookie-ing! in related news, I got a fortune cookie that said "do something interesting today" &amp; left the country for 5 years to wander.
ahhh yeah, making an example out of someone, that's cool. lets bring back torture &amp; put the screaming on TV so people really get the message.
yep, it says "power source 6 blocks away" &amp; efficiency low
ahhh, i thought there was some sort of an area thing going on because of the distance thing, you're right :)
Republican here! &gt; I'm 100% willing to purger myself ftft (fixed that for Trump) Seriously though, I sincerely doubt he can stay 2 sentences in a row that don't contradict each other... Bill Clinton was a sack of shit, but he was clever. Trump is not. Trump is going to make hyperbolic statement after hyperbolic statement, until he either tiptoes into purgery or ends up declared mentally insane
dog makes big bucks at the club.
if you'd called them back, the response: "ok but 50 of them is still worth fifty cents, right? kthx bye"
&gt; Wishful Thinking Surges as President Faces 'Most Serious Scandal' in U.S. History ftfT
I just shut down the belt &amp; set up a lift and a ton of storage; will deal with it later... although I'm pretty sure it was running for a good hour while I was doing something else x_x
Also you can tell it has protagonist who with all his might, he fights with all the people in power now, and doesn't afraid of anything.
how about don't throw a fucking human being in prison for life because he looks like "[some puerto rican guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t08KGZ_iA_A)"?
it could also be argued that the eye witness was lying because she's a racist. lets go down THAT road.
came her expecting futurama comments received futurama comments. thank you, reddit.
what are the actual rules for limbo? it seems like her entire butt, back, head, and knees are on the floor.
watching the video again, i think you and i are having sex VERY differently.
Hey cool, I voted Libertarian too, but turn your caps lock off. Do explain to me though, why's it better paying a construction company $100,000 cash to redo a road vs paying them $20,000 and giving them an $80,000 tax break? The cash is going to result in a lot more internally wasted revenue (hookers and coke), and dividends to shareholders, right? Explain to me how "forking over tons of cash to a company" is better.
He lived on East Fork, if anything you should be jealous! =P
&gt; "You're toxic, I'm toxic, I want no part of your bullshit"
[copy goat, you so random!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggB33d0BLcY)
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
did the ER explain to you that it's not OK to throw a frisbee over a truck to a retarded dog?
OK so we're treading on thin ice here; you certainly can tell the difference between your couple and you're couple's twin. Using that as an excuse is not much different from "your sister is hot" or "your friend is hot" or "that complete stranger is hot". They're different people, you know better. you're just a perv. Being a perv is OK! Welcome to the internet. The only thing better than wanting to bang a hottie is wanting to bang two hotties; maybe they're into it. [TWINS, BASIL!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpsZQ_8MOSw)
to the bone.
gilding the under-appreciated comment of the day~
I disagree with everyone; fabulous critique, keep up the good work
Man tried very hard to get arrested. Man got arrested. There's no free speech going on here, he's being a dick loudly when he knows he shouldn't be being a dick. I have as much sympathy for him as a guy who goes to Romania and screams loudly in the street "FUCK ROMANIA, AMIRITE??" repeatedly, until eventually someone kicks his ass. This says nothing for "lack of human rights in Romania" and everything for "when in Rome, keep slighting the Romans long enough and eventually one of them kicks your ass"
yeah but i've seen her name before, she's fucking clever... this almost has to be a team of genius monkeys at type writers...
YOU LIE!
The word "better" was never used. McCain said the leadership stood on sturdier ground, which is pretty close to factual based on quite a lot of different ways to assess "leadership on sturdy ground", but does not contain the value judgement of "McCain said Obama was better than Trump", which is what this article is implying. More fake news.
you sound like my parents. ...and my wife... and my third grade teacher... and my therapist and my guidance counsellor....
you were all those people?!?! suddenly everything makes sense.
Trump should be pretty comfortable under legal fire. He's been sued more than any other president in history!
well... on the one hand i hate you and you've ruined my life... ...on the other hand, job well done, A+!
scrolled down 6 pages to see if there were legit answers just in case someone already answered, but I've done no-contact sparring in more than one "kung fu dojo" over the years... you generally aim punches to stop 3 inches before contact &amp; if the opponent doesn't make some sort of contact with your hand in the form of a block, that's a "hit". kicks generally are unavoidable as far as contact goes (hard to abruptly stop a kick), but the same principle applies and you try to keep the kicks light.
Sorry for all the idiot questions, i read the wiki, i read the forums, I search the reddit &amp; I look for screenshots on google or videos on youtube, then I come here last. &gt; To provide that power, the player must build a SpiderBot Core Charger. The Core Charger must then be fed a Lithium Coil via an adjacent hopper. SpiderBot Core doesn't seem to be placeable, so I put both the charger and a lithium coil in a hopper, which didn't make any sense. Seems like I'm missing a component but I don't have anything left to reserarch regarding SpiderBot
i c wut u did there
we say that back in Brooklyn. i mean we were drivin, but we're walkin here!
In before gofundme
250 hours community service. and a term paper.
[I aint goin out like that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhtfByASS-M)
lmfuckingao
This game is outstanding, I want to put together a guide on behalf of the creators.
hmmm, did you try posting on imgur? your link takes me to my own friends page on steam
/u/sarah-xxx you are a modern day renaissance person. I'm pretty sure I've gilded you in the past, but every one of your posts makes me laugh/hard ;)
APPROVAL RATING 40%, YEAH BABY~ \o/
I played [Rampart on NES](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXakLSk40lA ), it was a video game THAT HAD VOICES! it was totally awesome! also, Ebert gave it 4/4 and it's 74% on rotten tomatoes, so... source: some really lazy googling
APPROVAL RATING 36%, YEAH BABY~ \o/ Trump is [slightly better than Blair Witch](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/blair_witch/)
Hmmm, so for example, if I win 100k, they keep maybe 30k as taxes, I get 70k and if I lose it I just go home empty handed, but I don't owe tax? So I can't report that 70k as a "loss"?
I was told in the mid 90s by a flight attendant back when they first started asking us to switch off our Gameboys (remember this was pre TSA, pre 9/11, and not a lot of people owned cell phones yet) that the most likely time for a problem in a plane was during take-off, and they wanted people on the plane with their eyes open, looking around, and paying attention.
fascinating, I was aware of the limit, i didn't realize it divides it on a per-person basis.
seems like that'd be really exploitable; say like Person A wants to give Person B a sum of $500,000 but doesn't want to pay tax, he can send $10,000 to each of 50 people, they each send $9,500 to person B (keeping $500 for their "trouble"), and it ends up a 5% expense instead of the IRS's 30-40% cut.
&gt; I'm lucky to have a small penis at a time when minimalism and sustainability are in style.
In a similar boat, thought not quite up to your salary. On the contrast, my wife is a fantastic cook, but we just had a baby. She typically would spend 1 hour preparing ingredients for 1 meal &amp; then another 30 minutes to an hour cooking. Now we're eating out probably 90% plus &amp; keeping it under about $1,000/month. Big realization for us was that you can go to a steak house type restaurant (Bonefish, etc) &amp; get a single entree to go. Including the bread and no tip, that's quite a lot of very good food for under $20 (feeds both of us and we typically even have leftovers). There are other good deals you find around town, we have a Toppers pizza that lets you get a $6 salad to go that's about 10 salads worth of food. Also, there's Freshly if you're feeling lazy; the food is decent and comes out to $10/meal. If you don't mind adventuring, there are places (we have a Sprouts grocery store) that have ready-to-eat meals for about $4. Ours includes mashed potatos/gravy/salsbury steak, meatloaf, stuffed shells, lasagna, etc
You would enjoy [Rimworld](http://store.steampowered.com/app/294100/RimWorld/)
I dunno, milk was pretty popular for kids in Shanghai, I suppose it depends a bit on who you're talking to; Shanghai is really embracing western culture.
If gambling winnings qualify as income, how is it that gambling losses don't qualify as expenses? Doesn't the casino usually WANT you to turn right around and lose all the money you've won? If you do exactly that, you shouldn't owe tax.
JESUS CHRIST IT'S AT $42k ALREADY! Has he woken up and seen this yet? =P
i'm a total poof too, i'm all floppy and giggly, when i move my arms my elbows pop out randomly, I'm effeminate and I whine a lot, and wife is right down to business and serious 90% of the time, so we look like George &amp; Lenny from Of Mice and Men.
Civil War? Civil War.
What if he was one of the Republicans who has been undermining Trump and voting against his policies? Still deserves to die for being a Republican? Are you in support of another civil war?
You miss the thing where a bunch of men in masks jumped out of a black van at a trump rally and started beating people at random? You miss the thing where after Trump won the election, a million people took to the street and started setting shit on fire and breaking windows and attacking people? Same thing happened when GW Bush was elected. Did you see any of that when Bill Clinton or Obama were elected? You think all the gang bangers driving around the street selling drugs voted for Trump? Hmmm.
Didn't we just have a school shooting in a state with very strict anti-gun laws?
Right, so next step of the question: If they withhold $30k and I lose the other $70k, I don't owe $30k in tax, I'd owe maybe ~$6k in tax, right? So I'd expect a ~$20k tax back at the end of the year.
Hey now, everyone's reacting too soon. What if the old man came up to Alejandro and was like "HEY YOU UGLY MEXICAN! Trump is going to build a wall and force you to pay for it. I hope your entire family dies." then spit in his face as he walked past. Anyway this is dated 2015 (bottom right), easy enough to google &amp; find out what happened here. Old news.
Would love to see how they got his parents to mate.
I'm all for Communism, you're misreading my intent
obviously, but I'm still surprised it's all girls.
anyone else notice the Benz logo on the wheel immediately?
NINE LEGAL EXPERTS? sounds legit.
thank you, solved!
Thinking they wouldn't have control; say for example I set up a website where money is automatically redirected through people's accounts &amp; only their share was kept. It's of course highly immoral, just wondering if/why nobody has thought of this. Your example explains why, and quite possibly a lot of corporate/political bribes are done in a similar way.
that's the idea; as a software developer (and a hustla) I'm constantly keeping an eye out for possible exploits. ;)
Your day 1 is better than my year 5.
you can hardly tell that it's OH MY GOD CYLON KILL IT!
dammit this is the third time today. enjoy~
or identical DNA. i learned that pretty late in life &amp; found it shocking; in retrospect I shouldn't have.
a human and a gorilla are like 97% alike, but a lot of mutation happens after fertilization, depends on when the ova splits.
doesn't change the fact that one is wearing slipons~
fascinating question! until the umbilical cord is pinched, there's no specific need for oxygen. in the case of a breech birth (feet first), the main risk is cutting off circulation on the cord (it gets pinched) and the baby starts gasping for air with its head still entraped. babies suffocate very fast, their heart rates and breathing is rapid. my best guess is that any conjoined twin situation is most likely a c-sec or a very lucky delivery. bottom line is, in the delivery room, it's a room full of flexible experts who can handle a large number of situations, and however it happens, it gets done.
ok lets be really objective. if you locked infants into a room full of angry turkeys and let them peck at the infants, then dumped molten lava on them to harden their skin, then you already have gazed into the face of the abyss. if not (or even if so) it's an experience that will leave you thinking hitleresque thoughts while still struggling to keep the stove lit. even IF you enjoyed dwarf fortress, its' still worth a look, because it brings a lot to the table, and will make you question your humanity (which hit me suddenly as I was butchering a homosexual for being "too difficult to deal with" *protip; am homosexual*)
thanks! solved! you win
i read the chocolate thing the same way
memory isn't well understood. a "memory" isn't located in a single part of the brain, it's more like... say like... your memory of ketchup is nerves 3, 5, 7, and 9 being lit up, and your memory of hotdogs is 2, 4, 6, and 8... and say you always have ketchup and hotdogs at grandma's house, then your memory of grandma's house is 3, 4, 8, 9, 55, 56, 57, 58... so if nerves number 7 and 8 get damaged, you don't forget about ketchup or hotdogs or grandma's house, because there are other parts of your brain that still fire in conjunction with those memories, and nerves 5 and 6 might pick up double duty to start handling what 7 and 8 used to. that's still a bad metaphor though, because nerves 5 and 6 are actually more like connections between two cells in the brain that may have another way they're connected up. the brain is a big tangled ball of wires. I like to think of it as dog trails through a mountain. sometimes a trail gets washed out on its own, or sometimes part of the mountain collapses, but there's usually other paths through from point A to point B. a memory is sort of like the trip between points A and B... if point A is destroyed or point B is destroyed, the paths still exist and function, and if a path still exists, some part of the journey does as well, which can kind of compensate for the points missing. Contrawise if the points are intact but a path is destroyed, your brain might be able to figure out another path connecting the two points. anyway that's my best understanding after 4 years of being stoned as an undergrad haha
my wife and I just had our first 3 months ago, and I and the nurse did the first hour of prep work to prepare for the doctor to deliver... it was a lot more... messy/savage... than Hollywood prepared me for haha. but yeah, that does sum it up pretty well!
well... not in the streets anyway... ....weeeelllll... not in the american streets anyway... ...at least not without a badge... ...fuck haha ok, but at least it's somewhat organized? ...i mean unless you count everything that's happened in the last 20 years ...or the 30 before that. you know what, nevermind.
See the problem is that you're SO mired in "everything my side believes is right, everything the other side believes is wrong" that any time the "other side" says something, you interpret it as ridiculous. When in reality, [you both have a point, and you both aren't seeing the whole picture, and you should be trying harder to find more common ground](http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-03-23). The big difference between the left and the right: The left can't possibly imagine or believe that the right actually believes what it believes... the left just of keeps on with the "...ok are you for real?". The right takes what the left believes, goes hyperbolic with it, and thinks the left are idiots for it. "so, you want me to give this guy a sandwich? what's next i'm supposed to give him my watch and my car and my wife????"
Trump does have a lot of respect from a lot of world leaders... I'm not sure whether or not that's necessarily a good thing, depending on [which world leaders](https://www.quora.com/Is-Theresa-May-a-Republican-or-a-Democrat) you're referring to, and how/why they respect him. I'm sure the leader of Qatar likes him a bunch, that's for sure.
&gt; Happy birthday toooo youuuuu... &gt; &gt; Happy birthday toooo youuuuu... &gt; &gt; Happy birthday, they're coming for youuuu... &gt; &gt; Happy birthday to you... &gt; &gt; ... and fewer more than you're probably expectinggggg... i dunno... maybe if we get Summer Zervos to sing it? You know what's funny about the whole thing though? If Trump had just kept his mouth shut, it probably would have blown over and nothing would have come of the investigation. It was the same with Bill Clinton and the Lewinsky thing, the problem wasn't so much what he did as that he lied about it.
wasn't there a front-page post a couple days ago of someone doing something very similar? I'm sure somebody will be along to correct me shortly...
WHY WOULD YOU POST THIS PRIOR TO CRACKING THE SAFE???
Underappreciated comment about hippies by making an indirect reference to a metaphor containing the word "pot" of the day award goes to....
oddly enough, Double Dicking Down was the name of the bar...
Needless to say, asking a complete stranger questions about their family in a non-genuine way is probably not a great idea. edit: although, now that I think about it, taking kids whose mother has passed away out to a restaurant on mothers day seems a little... like... "unhappily single guy eating at a restaurant by himself on valentines day". I think if it was me, I'd be staying at home trying to avoid being mired in all the "OH MY GOSH HAPPY THING-THAT-HURTS-YOUR-FEELINGS-TO-HEAR DAY!" going on around me. edit edit: although to be fair you did mention the crazy part in parentheses, and who can know how someone choses to deal with grief.
that was the one.
Thank you sir, [may a squadron of beautiful vaginas find their way to your crotch by days end](http://theoatmeal.com/pl/minor_differences/cutting_off)
are you watching it out of order somehow?
&gt; he is simultaneously authorizing the country to purchase over $21 billion of U.S. weapons. ok so is it $12 billion or $21 billion? because those, despite the digit similarity, are completely different numbers.
Yemen. Yemen. YEMEN. YEEEMMMENNNNN! "WHAT?" Danger Zone~!
not necessarily; if I only had $300 and someone was coming to kill me and take my $300 and a gun costs $300, I'm gonna be ready.
well it's not like we can afford to keep the factories lights on, gotta make money somehow &amp; high tech weaponry is the only thing that can afford to pay union workers.
The deal was signed back in November by the way... so... by "stupid prick" you mean Obama, who originally put the deal together, right?
...except this deal was signed in November and originally put together by Obama and the pentagon, so...?
There's a little something to that; if they're going to buy a bunch of weapons ANYWAY, and WE sell them weapons, we know exactly what weapons they have, and know the weakness of those weapons better than they do. Plus now we have a bunch of their money, which we can use to build twice as many weapons as what we sold them, domestically, which puts people to work. Plus, a lot of this weaponry is going to get used up on surrounding Arab nations who are putting pressure on Qatar... so... win win win?
yeah... i dunno though... by the time they turn these weapons on us, they'll have wrecked half of them butting heads with egypt and saudi arabia, which means we won't have to butt heads as hard with egypt and saudia arabia (are we still butting heads with them? i can't keep track)... either way, in the meantime we can use the money from selling the weapons to make newer, shinier ones at a quarter of the price we sold them for... and then if and when the time comes to fight with Qatar, we know the weaknesses of the older models we sold them... so... I mean an ak-47 is an ak-47, but jets? anyway they're going to buy weapons from someone... if not us then russia... may as well be us? i'd rather them buy our m16's than russia's AKs
we're technically not in conflict with Qatar either, to be fair. The Saudis are actually agreeing with Israel on confronting Qatar, so I suppose by selling weapons to Saudi Arabia's enemies may lead to a little head butting. When Israel and ANY Arab nation agree on something, and we're on the other side of it, it seems like we're probably fucking up somewhere.
"working"
my friend back in high school 20 years ago had this whole bit he went on about communicating with the horn, and how there's a big difference between they "hey buddy" honk and the "fuck you" honk.
Well, I suppose the only answer to your question is that, as it turns out, "that's how it goes". When you don't raise a finger or get involved, one side steamrolls the other and we get phrases like "Armenian Genocide" and end up with a lot more bomb shelled children on the TV. Disarming one side isn't possible, because then all of THEIR neighbors steamroll them, so the only possible thing is to arm everyone. When both sides are capable of fighting, at least then it's somewhat "fair". Second, there's a huge need for weaponry (and not money) in a country with money that's about to get steamrolled, and someone somewhere will step up to fill that request. It's been like that since ancient Egypt/China; shipbuilders, coppersmiths, chain mail armorers. Third, modern countries (russia &amp; USA for example) can't fight a war directly, so we get involved in the politics of smaller areas and show our muscles off that way (Cuba, Ukraine, Aleppo, etc). Finally, the situation in the middle east does not go back to George Bush (although that may be when your country got roped into it), Bill Clinton dropped thousands of bombs throughout the middle east, as did Bush Sr, and we got involved then because of a big crisis that goes back to the Reagan Administration, then prior to that the training and arming of Bin Ladin (which I think was in the 70s?). But bottom line is, I'm not sure whether it's anyone's responsibility to give a fuck what happens there. Our countries are very selfish, and people through that area (and most areas, really) have been killing each other with pointy sticks for a thousand years. Lets look at it using that analogy. There are two primitive tribes near your village. One has pointy sticks, the other has no sticks. Both have women and children. If the ones with the pointy sticks attack, they will rape and murder every woman and child, then attack your village. So your village makes and sells pointy sticks to the unarmed ones. They still fight, but at least 80% of the fighting is men killing men in a sanctioned battle field (20% is still raiding the village and raping/killing women children), but then there's a revenge raid and both sides know it. One philosophy is "your village made some money &amp; the fighting is now fair, and at least they're focused on killing each other". Other philosophy is "if tribe #1 got completely wiped out, over the course of the generations there would be fewer total casualties, and now all you've done is turn 1 neighbor with weapons into 2 neighbors with weapons" Problem is now, both sides have a point, and the village goes into disagreement, your village is poor, so a couple people say that if your village won't sell the weapons officially, the pointy stick merchant is going to do it secretly and make a ton of money, and if he's not allowed to, those jerks over in Shelbyville across the river are going to do it. Capitalism &amp; Democracy does whatever it is that it does, and sooner or later the "money" option wins.
Translation A: Wooden penis hat.
Are you sure? I just bought a [A $US179 earpiece that can translate 8 languages in real-time, from a former Australian plumber](https://www.businessinsider.com.au/a-former-australian-plumber-just-invented-a-us179-earpiece-that-can-translate-8-languages-in-real-time-using-ibm-watson-2017-6), and 2 seconds later it translated it back to me as "waste electricity pool please back receive".
actually I think the timing was perfect.
I read the characters out loud, how else?
mmm i dunno, the Bullshit show was pretty aggressive toward consumerism. made sense to me ;)
is there any other way?
just because they both have lost use of the rear legs doesn't mean they have anything in common... what are their hobbies?
Hunting extinct animals seems moral somehow...
"Whaaaat, you want I should keep this thing a secret? feh!"
yeah but i can't find anyone reputable reporting on it.
that's why I'm appealing to some other minds; i can't find much information on it, so wondering how viable it would be, and what are the odds the government would get involved.
there's something to it though... two things that I've noticed make people very passionate... first is when they're in denial about being at fault or wrong about something (it's HIS fault I cut him off, he was too close to my bumper! / of course the answer is ___ how dare you doubt me), second is when they feel like their life experience is being devalued (how dare someone think that their set of values and experiences is somehow better than mine? / it must be so sad for people who are raised not in my country/religion/tradition). That's not an online problem though... i think that historically this has evolved to keep a group of people who may or may not be directly related cooperating provided they have similar cultural background. Maintaining individuality and some degree of isolation helps darwin figure out which group, on the whole, has a better collection of genetics, and a group with better philosophy (don't drink muddy water) is more likely to pass on their philosophy. this makes the individuals genetics less critical (someone may have PHYSICALLY inferior genetics to another, but have a particular trait or gene that gives them value, such as being good at sorting things, or finding things, or organizing things, or building fire, or using and remembering medicinal leaves). keeping a wide variety of genetics in a group allows for more diversity when odd situations come up (needing to sneak through a cave to avoid a flood &amp; the large muscular people don't fit or w/e). cultural acceptance allows a group to retain its "one-off" individuals, as well as providing a way for outsiders to "join" a group when they aren't directly related, in the same way that a family would protect a disabled or damaged family member out of sense of love/duty, same goes for a fellow _____ (religion/country etc) member, though to a lesser extent. I think this is all just inevitability... nothing to do with the times or "humanity"... it's just some embedded fact of life... like evolution; "strong survive" is too simple, there's more to it. murdering a farmer is a lot easier than farming, so there will always be murderers, and farmers will always need to find a way to protect themselves from murderers, because as soon as there are no murderers, the farmers let their guard down, which makes it all that much easier for a murderer to mutate and be successful.
yes; learn arabic.
oh, yeah, saying with 100% confidence "I've never met the guy" and having someone show notes that indicates you met them, then doubling down with "OK well I only met them that once" &amp; then a photo of you meeting them on a different time is just absolutely idiotic... ...however the sad reality is these guys meet tons of people, and meeting a diplomat is totally innocuous, but they're so afraid to say "jeez, i dunno, maybe i met him..." or "yeah i think i did, and i realize he's toxic, but I'm totally clean" unfortunately never goes well with the news media scandal engine being what it is, because sure enough tomorrows headline would be "I THINK I MET THE RUSSIAN DIPLOMAT (possibly to conspire to corrupt the american election), SAYS POLITICAN B", and pretty soon he finds himself out of a job. scared weasel is a scared weasel, doesn't mean he conspired anything, but he sure makes himself look stupid when he starts trying to say shit like "I've never even BEEN to washington DC!" or w/e nonsense
just curious, how do you actively join someone in spirit on inebriation?
"Next time", smoke an invisible cigarette and be sure to make comments like "ahhh, fuck yeah, that's the good shit". Always cover your embarrassment with ridiculousness and you can't lose.
oh, "in spirit" means you won't actually be doing it in reality.
haha "sorry cigarettes always make me have to shit" &amp; go to an imaginary bathroom &amp; screw around for another 5 minutes. In 2005 I got a job working at mcdonalds. After 4 hours of working nonstop I went to take a smoke break. Boss said "If you leave, don't bother coming back". I did, and didn't.
Disagree: Run off the road at 90 miles and hour with a car full of smokers and miss a phone pole by about a foot, and notice everyone's face as it goes by the driver side window, as the car spins to a stop, tell me that everyone doesn't get out of the car, run to take an immediate piss, and light up a cigarette with shakey hands and react like it's the best sex they've had in their lives. You clearly don't smoke.
*** FLASH *** Listen up, Gumeshoe! Carmen Sandiego has taken the Empire State Building from Brooklyn, and it's your job to get it back!
I miss my star baby Grundo ;-;
Someone recently gave me a hard time for not tipping carry out, as if there was some sort of mandatory minimum for carry out (kind of like how 15% is considered the minimum for sit-down)
that's a good question; if I tip carry out who gets the tip? Anyone worked in a restaurant know how that works?
oh, I don't smoke. I used to smoke Camel Turkish Gold, prior to that, Winston S2, and prior to that Marlboro Red (which is what I started on). Also, being irresponsible and reckless was kind of the point; speeding, smoking pot, going to Bush protests &amp; riots... As a 35 year old father, things are now quite different.
she weighs like 30 pounds, she can do anything. also, ocean = salt. eyes = salt. swimming pool = chlorine.
i like that she's wearing the Playtex purple dish washing gloves. On the one hand: I'm an empowered and talented women. On the other hand: I'm on my way back to the kitchen.
harsh
is this the same silo (or one of the group) that went on ebay about 14 years ago?
wait... those little hanging things...?
why did police say "tha"?
Headline reads: "leak of 198 million US *VOTER RECORDS*" Thoughts: "records of who everyone voted for in the 2016 election has been exposed, this is huge" Article actually contains: "possible leak of 3rd party data of who voters are *projected* to vote for" Misleading &amp; not really news.
I got the "wipe your_____" part, but "Farquad" went over my head until well into my 30s when my cousin pointed it out.
i got the whole thing plus the frozen factory update, so not sure what specifically comes with just the base game (I was advised to definitely get the whole package). being really blunt, if you haven't played Rimworld or Terraria, i'd suggest those first (they're a bit different but it hits a lot of similar points). I'm 30-40 hours deep into FortressCraft at this point and having a good time with it (I'd never played Minecraft/factorio so I don't have a frame of reference). All told, I'm feeling it's a bit repetitive about 30 hours in, but there's a LOT more to do, and it's cathartic.
It's distinct enough that I think it can go unnoticed regardless of accent. I had to have it explained pretty directly &amp; I'm from Los Angeles (which is basically the same accent as Hollywood).
His intro song in the musical was called "Farq in A".
Stealing in North Korea. Right up there with Swimming with Sharks, and Hanging Yourself from a Bridge.
My favorite is Chobarni
15% of taco bell, by volume, is sodium. sounds right.
i've been married for 4 years (was married at 31) and have a 3 month old daughter (35 now). I used to do whatever I want; now I'm tightly observed all day every day. There's no "me" time unless I wake up secretly at midnight. It's like being 5 years old again. I knew this would be what would happen, but I chose it anyway, because I was willing to sacrifice my individuality to be part of something bigger. As much as waking up at 7am and getting drunk and playing video games is fun, it's lonely. I chose companionship over freedom, yet I would still recommend it (but only after you're bored)
hope he finds a friendly little tree.
to be fair, 99% of "Chinese food" in America is basically "dog food" made for a "certain crowd"... i mean, come on, "happy family" with shrimp, chicken, and beef all in one dish? please. *::throwing quotes aggressively::*
&gt; on a scientifically devised ‘geek index’ sounds legit.
hey, i watched Breaking Bad too! Unfortunately that "probable cause" is a bitch, and the problem is that if you get busted in Martinsville, you show up for court in Martinsville, and the judge is 100% in on the scam. You can take it to the supreme court... if you can escape Martinsville.
*you can* but also, _you can_
oh my god seriously though; i lived in China for 5 years, I wrote &amp; acted in an indie film, I taught preschool, i make websites, i did door to door vacuum sales, I set up a bitcoin mining network in my basement, i used to write bots to automatically play online MMOs and sell stuff on ebay, I paid for college by reselling used textbooks and makeup... my life story has been a string of seemingly unrelated chaos haha
would that help them build credit in their name though?
as far as I'm concerned, they earned it. what's the authority on what qualifies as "earned"? answering 7 out of 10 questions correctly on a test I created? How does that compare to another teacher who writes easier questions? Isn't the entire thing arbitrary to begin with?
[smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNXIZuIBJKs)
i've had 7 or 8 pet rats over the years. in college I nailed carpet and boxes to my walls so they could run around in 5 dimensions ;)
&gt; A visibly exhausted and distressed man walks into a bar and orders a strong drink. "Long day?" asks the bartender. "No, all days are 24 hours long" the man replies, amazed at how uneducated the bartender is
...based on whose calendar?
best snes game. what the hell is an "atari"? &gt; Rampart is probably the last popular game it produced under this system. &gt; But what a way to go! Unlike many other Atari Games games, Rampart has style everywhere, crisp graphics for the time, memorable sounds and music, and some of the best gameplay ever seen in arcades. &gt; It's even an appropriate swan song for Atari Games' Bloody Clever period, seeing as how it combines play from Missile Command with a bit of Tetris thrown in. While the game is abstract as anything Atari made, for puzzle games, abstraction is at least expected. http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/3679/game_design_essentials_20_atari_.php?print=1
as an american who lives next to canada and feels kinship with england and general confusion/fear of china, this gets my attention, and thus my upvote. apparently there are enough people like me to put this on the front page. as far as the "purpose" of the subreddit, i haven't the slightest idea; i'm a front page browser.
don't get it~
daughter is Beth, so pretty sure she existed, and the wife must have died somewhere/somehow
Another scout here. Don't trust that other scout; he's a liar!
know thyself~ ;)
well how are his wife and kids holding up?
I'll adjust my comment accordingly as well~
Well, lets be objective here... people LIKE the backstory, and technically as a work of fiction, it can be MADE to be true, just as Rick surrendering at the end of season 2 can be made to be not a selfless act of sacrifice. Objectively speaking, Season 3 Episode 1 takes ALL the wind out of the emotion of the Season 2 finale. People want to like Rick, but so far almost every shred of emotion he's shown has been undermined by himself. Maybe that's what makes him so relatable.
it's really sad that you can so easily write off everyone who disagrees with you as indecent. This is going to severely hamper your ability to function as a contributing member of society. good luck.
oh! you're totally right; the microscope that makes you "retarded". that was actually the very first episode I ever saw, when I was like "HOLY SHIT WHAT DID I JUST WATCH? I NEED MORE OF THIS IN MY LIFE!" at my wife, terrifying her in the process. well done :)
Rick walked out on his Beth &amp; Summer (assuming they even WERE his original Beth and Summer) in the Cronenberg episode, and he kind of hinted that this wasn't the first time it happened. Remember, he has infinite grandkids.
Nah, you vilified the entire Republican party and made excuses for Trump; you literally asserted that Trump was better than the entire Republican party, now you're flipping your position. It's not fair to call Trump a mistake; the only difference between Trump now and the Trump that people voted for 6 months ago is that the left wing has been severely undermining him and trying to sink the ship; he's exactly the same person he was when he was elected, and exactly the same person he was 10 years ago. Saying he's an embarrassment to the country only proves that this country makes embarrassing mistakes; which is fine, South Korea just recovered from a puppet president being manipulated by a Rasputin cult dictator.
I can actually hear the "OARK AORK OURK" in the gif.
Woman Whisperer here! So the thing is, this is actually all the guys fault; she's clearly upset (possibly drunk?), but he's doing nothing to acknowledge her feelings, and isn't taking her seriously. He's throwing fuel on the fire with every word, and she's trying to get him to ackowledge her frustration, and he's not doing it. Fights are not based on logic, and can NOT be won with logic. Whether or not the girl is completely insane and her arguments are based on nothing is irrelevant; if he loved her, he would be the bigger person, apologize, and try to calm her down; he's not though, he's not taking anything seriously. i'd write more, but my wife is screaming at me because something about kleenex not being absorbent enough, which is clearly my fault, bbl
i'm really hoping you caught the irony in my post; if not, you're sadly mistaken; I am NOT a beta male; I asked my wife's permission &amp; she said I could be an alpha any time she wants.
[i'm ready; i know my judo well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEsZkTTgydc) spoiler: nobody supports wordpress websites
[haha i immediately recognize that quote!](http://schlockmercenary.wikia.com/wiki/The_Seventy_Maxims_of_Maximally_Effective_Mercenaries)
yeah i overstated my comment. regardless, this sort of falls in the category of "driving a old car causes bad teeth". you might be able to correlate them to poverty (poor people are less likely to buy new cars; poor people struggle to afford high-end dental care), but one doesn't cause the other, and it's certainly not an "in call cases" type thing.
don't you see? there is no good and evil. there is no jedi and sith. there are just a small collection of people with extraordinary powers fighting across the galaxy and claiming millions of innocent lives in the process.
TIL: helicopters are rainclouds.
By coincidence, the clickbait ad on the side was about a woman who was [almost tried for sexual assault for posting a non-lewd photo of her small and very sick son and husband showering together](http://twentytwowords.com/mom-who-shared-viral-photo-of-father-with-son-in-shower-is-now-going-to-court/?utm_source=strangersocial&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_term=influencer&amp;utm_campaign=CheechAndChong)
uhhh, i watched xmen, and it absoutely is.
Given how aggressive the mods are here about deleting posts where something "significantly bad" hasn't actually happened, I guess that speaks volumes on their take on marriage. I too had no plans to get married, and at 31 years old proposed to my girlfriend who I'd only known for about 5 months (and had only been dating for about 3 months). It was a conscious decision; actually I had already decided I would get married shortly before meeting her. This was a little over 4 years ago, we're still together, just had our first child. Depending on who you are and how you approach it, a lot CAN change when you get married. My wife and I decided she would maintain her own last name (which causes a lot of confusion in the medical and travel field). We file taxes jointly (which is actually really good for me), and our insurance has gone down. Not a lot else has changed, really... married or not, couples fight, they threaten to leave each other, they get frustrated with each other, they get jealous over each other, but they also care for each other, and they plan to continue to care for each other. Paperwork and the obvious "it's harder to leave each other" doesn't really have a day-to-day impact on how we live. I wouldn't worry about getting "taken to the cleaners" unless you're either already very wealthy, or you have children together before realizing you can't tolerate living together. Either way, the 2nd half of your life, marriage can be important, and a long term companion completely changes how things play out. I'd rather be in the situation you're in than be worried that at any day an ex would propose to my girlfriend and she'd suddenly leave me &amp; go marry him.
Haha that's quite arrogant of you! But yes, I'm sure you possess super powers and admire your confidence :) I actually do a lot with visualization. I teach arrays &amp; computer memory using a yard stick and a 12 inch ruler (array starts at zero, ruler starts at zero the ''' are the bits, yard stick is the available). I'm not his first teacher, and I've known him for over a year. Have tried many different approaches for the last 3 semesters, as did the people who worked with him for years before me. If it was just something as simple as putting an apple in a shoebox, the problem would have been solved by now (actually that's exactly what I did on the 3rd time I tried to explain variables; he got confused on the part about the shoe box being == to an apple). Anyway he definitely has some developmental limitation, when he speaks he "sounds" like there's something "wrong with him" (speaks very slowly, o ver pro noun ces words, etc). I'm betting most people he interacts with probably immediately write him off, or even if they're polite to him they probably would decide within 3 seconds not to trust him in a problem solving capacity. He has strengths in front end design though, so may as well see what he can do.
If everyone gets an A, then everyone gets an F ;)
oh no it's definitely not absurd to study it, but the variable needs to be isolated.
found the motivational speaker.
...no? where'd I say that?
The way a curve works is if everyone gets an A, then everyone gets an F. I "pushed him through" the class, and of course this is Reddit so everyone's focusing on the wrong thing.
His approach to everything is rigid, mechanical, and completely lacking "self awareness". If something "should work" and doesn't, he seems to not realize it's not working and keeps building on it rather than realizing that it's not working and trying to fix it. It's fascinating to watch. Anyway I don't believe yet another semester of this class will benefit him, and I believe there are roles he can fill that doesn't require what's being taught in the class, so I see no reason he should repeat things.
I proposed the concept of voting with cash years ago, glad to see someone's actually doing it.
Milk goes in the bowl BEFORE the cereal! If you put the cereal in, the milk starts to fill, it splashes off the cereal, then suddenly the cereal dislodges itself, rises up and spills out of the bowel. Plus then you either have to make the cereal in the kitchen THEN carry it to the TV, or you end up leaving the milk out the whole time, OR if you DO spill you end up spilling in the living room in stead of the kitchen. Look it's simple. 1) Bring the goddamn bowl to the living room 2) Get the milk, pour it, put the milk back. 3) Get the cereal, sit down, pour a little, eat. Pour a second bowl, eat, drink the milk, repeat from step 2.
This is every news story I see recently: Obama: "We did the thing" Trump: "They did the thing!' News: "TRUMP CONFESSES THE THING WAS DONE!!!"
you pee funny
wait a minute... how do we know it's not cut on both sides so you could trick us! release your long-form wrapping paper certificate!
*sighs* and i thought the kamikaze days were over...
name checks out
that was word for word what I asked when I first heard BMV source: lived in Ohio for 3 years.
Isn't that the album with the #1 song "Are you gonna be my girl"?
immediately thought of that comic.
I squint at the note, mouthing the words slowly... "es.... te...?". Unable to read the note, I crumple it up in frustration and throw it on the ground, realizing I should have listened closer in Spanish class. Fortunately, I know the one word that matters: Tequilla! I hail a taxi cab, flash him the 1,000 pesos and say "Tequilla". He drives me to an alley where his buddies drag me from the car, beat me ruthlessly, and steal my money, leaving me to die in the alley. I knew I should have studied French...
