Because they want the being the exception privilege.
This is the quality of men that crop up from our shitty society. Kick him out and don't let him back until he becomes a man.
I think they are beneficial. The current porn is a passive experience, while robots or VR is a active experience as it has **feedback**. As a simulation VR and robots are closer to the real thing then porn so it can have some instructional value. They will never match the real thing so I don't see the problem of things getting worse then they already are. Porn already has the function to release the large lust men have so I don't see things changing much. Most people do not know how to have interesting sex so a having a way to experiment and carry out fantasies I see as beneficial. It is ultimately up to the quality of the software not the hardware that will make the difference. Of course lots of people will get addicted and shun the real thing, but that is already the case. Women still can give the better deal and compete.
Not even knowing you can make IP servers.
Insecurity means a feeling of the absence of security. Which is true because men have no systems in place that insures them. Insecurity is used for shaming as being paranoid so that can get away with exploiting you. If you want to be more secure you should prepare yourself and analyze the situation, which is what they don't want.
&gt; The fear of losing progress, missing events or wasting time or/and resources, prevents certain players wanting to explore the options themself and rather look up a guide. You pretty much answered your question. Minimize this, present good in-game information, make the challenges self contained, for 100% completing make it require multiple playthorughs that are mutually exclusive from the start so there is no overlap optimization, randomize. That said the cat is out of the bag and is never going back, wiki's are a crutch for some people but I don't think you should care about them that much. Just make an enjoyable game that has everything you need in the game not outside it.
The true revolution will come when they manage to ship a 60$ 2D game.
It's interchangeable. AAA development was never anything other then that.
Themeing wise the occult,paranormal,secret society, dark side of the world or mafia underworld has been done in other media and works pretty well. It's still fantasy but its modern fantasy. Or you can go with more tactical games ala Silent Storm. God that needs a remake with modding support.
&gt; In fact, I can only really see three possible themes that would similarly pull the action away from "mundanes" and allow for the kind of combat expected from RPGs without introducing a serious supernatural element: gang wars (or police as the other side), military, and spy-fi; even then, the interaction is likely going to be isolated to the criminal/military/spy world and again - away from the "mundanes". What is wrong with that? Even with supernatural elements it would still be interesting.
Games that have a neutral spin on gods are usually philosophical in nature like Planescape Torment. Also games that have evil and humanity as a force and have the theme of the hero's journey can usually have a positive spiritual message like the first Star Wars KOTOR. A good RPG with an interesting mythology is [Septerra Core](https://youtu.be/mL7RfFPw2ow?t=49s). While not being exactly pro religious it is pro spirituality and the God of that world is good. An interesting and largely overlooked game. It is a shame that not more games follow that level of world-building anymore.
As a game designer the subreddit is fine. You should always remember that 90% of all content is trash so you should just ignore it. More draconian rules will not solve the issue and just make things go downhill with censorship happy mods. If you have a problem with the articles just downvote. If you are an expert in skim reading you won't even need the downvote and just ignore.
So that's why you are writing an article about it?
&gt; You realize that games like The Witcher are also AAA titles, right? No. CD Projek is a pretty different studio compared to western triple A studios under the big publishers thumb. Besides its not like The Witche doesn't look gorgeous and has a ton of tech sunk in, it's just that is not the only thing it has going for it.
&gt; What defines AAA then? It seems like this is just moving the goal posts so that you can continue to shit on devs you don't like. You are absolutely right. Those devs are shit. Why should I compare them to good devs?
Make rectangles. After you have a solid design for units then you can add graphics and animation.
This guys were never Indie. An Indie is always hungry for money. With 2 billion dollars I can fund a studio to make games for the rest of my life. The only thing about this that pisses me of is the employes at Mojang were too stupid to negotiate a fatter check.
There is no clear true format. You just want to explain about the concept as much as you can and get into the technical details if possible. It's best to use lots of examples and visualizations as they are universally understood. After that just have a chat and let him ask questions. He knows better then you what parts aren't clear to him. You then need to verify his knowledge. Ask him about how he would implement the feature you requested. You don't have to go into the details as both you and him need to be flexible in the design. What you are looking for is misconceptions he might have so ask with that thing in mind. Ultimately interaction and time between you two will produce a format both of you are more comfortable with. Try to experiment a bit to see what works.
Then Visual Novels is not for you puny mortal mind to comprehend. I find Visual Novels very immersive as not only does it give you access to a characters thoughts like in a first person book but you also have access to his eyes. It like being a spirit possessing a character. One big problem with books is that a scene is not always clear, details get lost when you skim the text and the image becomes vague. In Visual Novels the scenes are always clear and can have visual cues and even effects that emphasizes a particular scene. Having some redundancy is not that big of a deal, especially if you skim the text.
You are underestimating the power of marketing. In marketing any rule can be broken and they can sell you basically nothing at a astronomical price. It is all about perception. DLC is not DLC by users simply not believing its DLC but something ***special***. The reason why western game publishers can't get away with it is because they are not creative enough to get way with it. They have the subtlety of a monster truck. Japanese companies can be very scary with the amount of bullshit they can sell. They are like mind flayers.
He can read it for himself. It's not like the hate I get in the comments section of the article is subtle. Of course you can always follow the hive mind and never have a thought of your own.
Is nipples that big of a deal?
Since when is the French a bastion of free speech?
Both programming and art is viable. You just have to play to your strengths. There are plenty of engines and game maker stuff to help you along. A scripting language isn't that hard to learn on your own. What you shouldn't go with is any pure game design, game design universities sounds kinda sketchy to me.
&gt; game design itself, you can learn online or in a book All the good game design pretty much IS in book form. I do not see what kind of university curriculum would help with game design.
&gt; Traditional gender roles infantilize women and basically excuse them to be completely emotionalistic, irrational and often freeloaders. Where as modern feminism doesn't?
Creativity resides somewhere in the middle. In a sense the "versus" does not exist. It is essential to have lots of background information in your mind and your subconscious will merge and combine all this information into creativity. You are also thinking too much imagining individual topics. After reading 100 articles can you honestly say that they don't pop up all the time in your design? Maybe they don't have the right timing or context yet. So read as much as you want, experiment as much as you want and don't worry too much. Whatever you do you aren't missing out as everything you do is experience.
We would be the first to the hype. Isn't that what we are doing with Crowfall? Or basically any news of a sandbox MMO? We aren't missing shit unfortunately.
All the F2P mobile games are exploitative and that is the reason they are profitable. Just ditch the F2P, go with a straight buy or a shreware model with gated content. Also never make mobile games again as the userbase is full of garbage.
If you want to earn the Darwin award. There is no reason why you should take the risk on yourself. At best you can call the police.
Sluts are able to get married to betas easily enough. They are not wrong in a sense. What they do not understand is that experience will absolutely affect them in their marriage.
&gt;citing plans it announced in April to cut its research and administrative budget by $300 million this year. *AMD approves this message and wishes Intel good luck on its new 300 million diversity initiative.*
Morally they are both stupid and not at fault. Law wise its her word versus his. Its things like this that makes me think rape law is unsalvageable. It will either prefer one sex or the other not matter how the law is changed with innocents getting caught on either side, either by false allegations or dismissal of real victims.
Does that mean leadership is testosterone driven?
The anonymity, culture and anti-political correctness is a breath of fresh air compared to the reddit hivemind. The downside is its full of racists.
&gt;Men without a woman in their lives will inevitably stagnate into League of Legends-obsessed NEETS (No Education, Experience or Training). That makes no sense as by definition they would need a dependency which most likely is the mother. From what I have seen its when boys don't have good male role models they become neet. &gt;Men can't take care of children. That may be the case for the first 8 years but after that they require a father to continue there development and be made ready for the world. The mother does no do that which why you get higher crime statistics from single mothers. It is foolish to think the absence of the father has no impact. Now that I think about it a switching of custody based on the years of that child can be really good and to some extent make sense for child support.
I am a bit concerned as some projects do fail for various reasons and should be able to as its the whole point of Kickstarter to mitigate risk. Its good that blatant abuse is punished but I don't want all developers to have a legal bomb on their mind the whole time. It think its all about intent and intent can be kinda sketchy legally.
Or like /r/conspiracy would say "suicided" I have no doubt the cia has infiltrated or outright own all the major portals of information. Face-book is an old joke in conspiracy and intelligence communities.
It applies only to ads? This makes sense actually.
Its not that complicated. In MMORPGs have two factors that complicate things. Network code and content. The game has to be designed to support large amounts of players simultaneously. How solid the network is and how you breaks things down is important. A game like Vindictus can be easy to support network wise.(although how many might consider it a MMO depends) Content is mostly a solved problem if you build the game around the sandbox rather then themepark. Also nobody said you can't have procedural generation in a MMO.
What i got from [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1R1AlwB0FvY).
Without increasing manufacturing you aren't going to achieve much. An intelligent and informed person at best will be able to improve steel quality if he has the right knowledge. Even if you have specialized knowledge you wouldn't be able to translate it that well through medieval means. The best advantage is simple knowing what is achievable and having a modern mentality. The scientific method,list of advantage and disadvantage, Assembly line batching. The problems like paper, cloth, food preservation, information flow, energy,research and education represent and know that it is the major limits of that world stopping progress. The most devastating you could be with modern knowledge would probably be thorough chemistry and biology for WW1 like weapons of mass destruction if your protagonist is a complete psychopath and irredeemably evil by all definitions. With better steel and some oil you can motorize stuff as well as other machines.
They are a sham anyway so why not? That's their only purpose.
No sky reflections = boring
Zombies were always overrated. Skeletons are always so much better.
That implies that it can tell somehow difference between obstacles. A dog, a small child or a solid immoveable object, there is no difference between them for an AI.
Can you handle logic? Construct and Multimedia Fusion is based entirely on logical blocks. They also have good examples of successful games so you shouldn't be embarrassed on using them. There probably are some other engines like that and I'm sure there is a flowchart based one around. Actually the Blender Game Engine(the one from the free 3d modeling app) was also based on logical blocks with a Node editor if I remember correctly.
It's not even about that. There are plenty of engines that are even free and Indie developers have had an explosion of tools available.
You read **everything** from [Sirlin](http://www.sirlin.net/article-archive/). Balancing asymmetric gameplay isn't going to be easy, its a grueling process that needs lots of testing and iteration to get it to work. Try to see how other people did it and start with that as a the base.
*Kick***starter** It is the **starting point**, not the **end**. The actual funds to make a game are generally orders of magnitude higher than can be gotten by only kickstarter for a truly polished and fully developed big game. There are a couple of angles to this: --1) A studio without any other investments means their success translate directly into their profits and their IP are completely their own. This is a direct relationship between customers and developers which is good. --2) A studio that gets a publisher after the kickstarter and some time of development passed means they are in a better position to negotiate, with a publisher you expect to have more funds available and watch your back in case there is any mistakes and have a gigantic marketing engine at their disposal. It also increases the overall project development time which might not be good for the impatient but good overall for the quality and polish of the project. We have all seen the problems with the big kickstarter projects almost but not quite reaching their full potential(except Double Fine which was simply a botched job). Especially if you look at their expansion packs. You need time to test and refine mechanics as well as rewrite and edit text and redo levels. Wasteland 2's mixed results I believe about 50% of its quality was lost mainly because of development time. Things have gone cheaper but in the past a project of the same size would have had a magnitude more in development funds and it shows. --3) A studio that has a publisher already. At first this looks like its a marketing scheme and it *pretty much is* with publishers looking to gauge interest in a project and basically get what amounts some guaranteed pre-orders. **Nevertheless** it has some pretty **huge** implications. Publishers and investors are not a bad thing, **every other medium has publishers** and work well together with creators(except music) so its not a bad thing in itself. The problem resides in the **current form** of the game industry and its biggest faults. Budget and demographics. Right now publishers and their big AAA studios only target a specific although large demographic at the exclusion of everything else and implement absolutely astronomical budgets in its pursuit and maximum exploitation to recoup the cost. This is a fool's errant and they have to change. This type of Kickstarters are the first step in the evolution of publisher more towards a Hollywood model. The problem with publishers is the reason Kickstarter was born and was so successful so finally they got the memo and are starting to change. Although publishers using kickstarter seems kind of clumsy, and it is, it is a big step twoards the future. --4) **Now on to some not so nice implications**. The pool of Kickstarter money is limited and all this three instances are very much in competition. It is a zero sum game. Publishers have a possibility to drown the system in marketing and still fail in understanding demographics and budgets which can crash the system. Also while big projects would be advantaged from publishers/investors smaller scoped projects are about right on target for budget and development. FTL with its budget was pretty much spot on and realized its potential. So shrinking the amount of pie they have would be a loss. Since publishers do not care much about the money generated from kickstarter and only care about the interest it would be better to have a separate system and leave the money pie to those who need it. I think games having a in game questionnaire after they finish a game with statistics to gauge interest on different kind of projects would be much more efficient. Similar to how Shonnen Jump manga in japan does it that has monthly questioners in their magazines.
Its racist to demonkin.
I have some thoughts on [permadeath](http://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/3a1zxg/monday_mechanics_weekly_discussion_death_penalties/cs8lx89)
&gt; only perma die after 99 deaths That is a stupid implementation. While my implementation is based on a similar idea, you always want to kill the player early at the start to get him used to the concept. Have only a few lives (2-3) at the start with a few more unlocked as he progresses and levels up to a total maximum for a character(10-15) 99 lives will frustrate the player as the number keeps going down that makes him not want to play the game. Besides 99 lives will ensure that the economy is completely fucked only caring about high end gear when the low and mid tier economy is the most important since people aren't restarting which what should be encouraged. Once a player dies its pretty much game uninstalled. You want the population to be at around mid levels and most of the end game to be an endless pursuit that is never reached.
**The World** I think a limited organically grown world based on the player population. I also think areas should have a local power distribution so that there is both difficult and easy areas inside a player population cluster that has trade between other clusters in the world each with their own unique resources to facilitate trade. **Quests** I don't like any quest, have solid social player dynamics instead inspired by RPG gamebooks(Vampire the Masquerade) **Goals** Again have RPG could be a great inspiration like the Burning Wheel lifepath system giving some context to the character when the player starts and having some relationships with the other players and organizations in the world. Have a flexible system the player can use to set and update his goals **that are achievable** in-game as actual results. He should be able to set whatever goal he wants but achieving them is up to him and have those achievements part of his history(a profile anyone can see). Like for example when the player makes the character he has as a backstory of an evil guild that killed his family when he was young and now he wants to take revenge. The guild is a real guild in the world run by players and the character has some conditions he has to achieve to destroy the guild. The guild's destruction is not only part of that character's history but also part of the history of that guild and the players in that guild.
Recipes should be known or locked by classes or achievements. The **results** and crafting resources should be what makes crafters unique and have per account algorithms that vary the outcomes. I love the idea of algorithms that generate surfaces with maximas and minimas for crafting.
&gt;There are tons of well crafted and interesting dungeons in tera. Unfortunately there is almost no reason to ever run most of them, because they're behind on the treadmill: they're both too easy because current starter gear is too good for them, and they offer no current rewards. at any given time there is a pool of maybe 3-5 dungeons that are "worth" running. This could be solves with a crafting system that requires loot from those dungeon creatures loot.
&gt; SOE learned a costly lesson. Don't underestimate SOE ability to not learn anything.
&gt; But if you want an 100% randomly generated dungeon, you're gonna have a bad time. It's not impossible to make a good procedural dungeon. It's all about the structure that gets generated by the algorithm. That structure can have good or bad design.
And of course the other side of the story is the continuous pursuit of Orwellian thought police society. &gt;Rational public policy, including policies that allow reasonable restraints on gun access, simply isn't possible without an informed, engaged, and rationally thinking public. OR NOT. Any person with a few brain cells left and has even the minimum of knowledge of history knows that is a bad idea. Yes the problems we face are real and should be solved, including institutional racism, but every fucking news journal seems to have an **emotional knee jerk reaction** to more gun control! **How the fuck is that rational?** I am from /r/conspiracy. I think for myself. I am not part of the hive mind. Don't tell me what to think. If you have an issue **debate** it publicly.
Every form of media is compromised, including all conspiracy sites. A diffrent narrative is sold at every level. People cannot wrap around the idea of funding groups that oust the shadow government but if you want true control this is exactly what you have to do. If you can marginalize a group and the information doesn't enter mass public consciousness it doesn't matter that that group knows **some** truth.
Not an american.
Infowars is not a bad source, just a compromised one. You have to sort through the bullshit for the small nugget of truth in all of them. I am not sure about how Rand Paul wants to achieve but Ron Paul was visited by the spooks and gave up. If Rand Paul ever has a chance at the presidency don't expect to much from him as he isn't going to grill them too hard. He would still be a better then any other candidate as he would not be a complete puppet and a have a semblance of resistance.
&gt; 1: You need millions of dollars &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; 2: you need a team that has an enormous amount of experience &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; 3: You're taking every niche from every game and putting them all together in one game. You shouldn't take it seriously as a real project.
All those things is better in another game not a MMO. Besides I am not saying traveling has to be boring. I am saying **it must not** be boring. Traveling is a **problem** that has to be **resolved**.
What wrong with reading about interesting ideas and imagining what could be possible?
On the good side feminism will be wiped from the face of the earth. On the bad side it will be replaced with muslims. Karma is a bitch.
In modern military shooters the health isn't visible. You take some hits and then have to hide in a corner and have to wait some time after which you are at perfect health again. Any amount of health you lose is temporary only if you live or die matters in the end. So its binary, live or die.
The project doesn't have a chance to be developed/funded but if it did you can imagine it. I am not sure why you think they are mutually exclusive. Besides the industry will inevitability go to Sandbox MMOs so thinking about this and see what kind of problems will crop up like for example the traveling problem.
Yes but things like budgets and development is not relevant to the discussion. I also have my problems with it.
I don't think the concept of End-Game content will last for much longer. I think it will be replaced with infinite possible progress. The reason it is a problem is because you have to be even in levels to stand a chance against character of that same power level. If asymmetric power would be handled better. For example say we have a level 1 character with 100 health and can always do at least 10 attack damage. Then a level 1000 which would be practically impossible to reach with 10.000 health if he fights 100 x level 1 characters he could be defeated. It is a 'massively' multiplayer game so why not bring an army into a sword fight? Have more reasonable power differentials for stats and problems solve themselves. The 'challenge' of a dungeon could be infinitely scalable and would just be the sum of all the level of the characters expected to go through it.
There is no reason why a caravan can't let any number of players join. They would be great cannon fodder at the least.
A better example is Hatred. A mediocre game ridding the "controversy" clickbait articles.
/s
Its completely different controls that don't lend themselves well to most games.
&gt; who should not be given a seat at the grown up table in this dialogue. I rest my case. Do not agree with someone? Infantilize him. Even fucking Satan has the right to speech.
&gt; I'm willing to bet that it's safe to say that most of the people police killed earned it and deserved it This is what you believe.
The games design creative process is based on two things. The amount of conceptual knowledge you have and time. Its good to design in parallel multiple **types**(genres) of games that way you maximize or your potential conceptual knowledge you already have as well has find relationships and insights that create other conceptual knowledge. Its pretty much like an engine that can go in perpetuity. Time is used to digest this information optimize the design and generate the relationships. The creative process not a fast process and it needs time to build up. The fact that your stuck means you hit a bottleneck in conceptual knowledge, what you need is to get more knowledge. I have always argued to specialize to a specific genre and learn absolutely everything about it. This would give you great frame of reference as the conceptual knowledge would be almost complete in that domain so you are not limited by that. This at least how I see things. I have never had a creative block.
How would it handle things like CP? No users will use that website if it can't remove that no matter how good it sounds.
and goat
More like the Steam Refund effect. Lets be serious WB would give no fucks if there was no working refund system. Remember Unity and Aliens Colonial Marines? They didn't care and now they do.
..to the expert players that now know your exact location.
&gt; Flavor seems to boil down to game-feel. No it isn't.
Go where? Voat is almost the same as reddit and it basically has no infrastructure. Remember that reddit had at least a competent infrastructure and the numbers weren't so high back in digg's day.
Voting, moderators, admins. Once its infiltrated by the spooks it can be easily made to function the same. Sure it looks new and hasn't been infiltrated yet but that doesn't mean its not going to once it gets popular.
&gt; I'm not sure I agree with MtG being the only tcg that needs flavor. Its on a case be case basis where MtG really needs it because of the combinations. In general you can say tcg needs it but not all games. &gt;I was being a little hyperbolic with the Halo and Call of Duty example. I was just trying to communicate that each used a particular set of aesthetics to communicate similar gameplay in different settings. However, from the way I phrased that section, I can understand you getting the impression that I meant they were 100% the same barring aesthetics. I didn't even read that section. My examples were more hypothetical. Think more in lines of Call of Duty and Medal of Honor series(if you are wandering what Medal of Honor series? That is my point).
Gintama is one good long running series that isn't mainstream shonnen battles although there is some arcs with more action the comedy is always there.
The youth in america is dead and with it goes any effective protest. The youth is the same that supports feminism and other policies that castrate themselves.
Just fund an existing studio as a venture capitalist.
This is already the case where men have castrated themselves in society. Which why society is so fucked right now.
It's not misguided if you understand it. They key is the understanding the mental model of a female. It is not something that can be explained with words.
The simple rule of online dating is don't use online dating. It has absolutely no value.
Because cuckolding is an **abomination** to any male who isn't castrated(brainwashed). It is an instinctual reaction of disgust a lesson learned and engrined over a millennia of years.
&gt; Getting someone to admit they're a TRPer would be impossible. Speak for yourself not for me. I don't give a shit about petty "Fight Club Rules" melodrama.
#[You start here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk) ####In addendum to it: http://gdcvault.com/play/1012306/Designing-Assassin-s-Creed It shows the "game design" process for Ubisoft which I like to call disaster driven development because there is little prototyping and its is at the very edge of disaster. What you have to understand from it is that **it still works somehow** and shows that prototyping is overrated so don't be afraid to be more theoretical initially. Have the core pillars solid and you can experiment and fail in the other parts. Understanding this is especially good when you want to create something ambitious and completely revolutionary. Like procedural stories(which I'm doing). Jonathan Blow's design process. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGSeLSmOALU
&gt;Q - What things would you let me practice being a noobie Level design, character design, writing, art are pretty different things then game design with their own requirements, for game design this is the domain of game mechanics, systems of feedback and learning. For game design and nothing else what you **absolutely need** is a game design binder, a notebook or a tool to keep track of your concepts,patterns and analysis of other games(I use Workflowy). Create as many game projects as you can and add your thoughts imagine how they work and collect ideas for them. Do not worry about what mechanics work or don't work, you do not even have to prototype. What you are looking for is to have the greatest possibility space for solutions. Have the chaos through which creativity is born. The impatient that go straight to prototyping and iteration do not have a solid foundation and are going in blind. However prototyping is still great so the best tools for it is the pieces and parts for tabletops like dice, cards, chess, tokens and so on. I wish there was a good prototyping tool. I think the best one right now is that 3d tabletop game that is usually use on streams but I haven't tested it. &gt;Q - What things would you let me practice being a noobie The practice of a game designer is not prototyping but game analysis. Prototyping is verification but before you can do that you have to have something to verify. It is pointless to do prototyping if you have very little conceptual knowledge to verify. Its pointless to find the conceptual knowledge yourself by trial and error as there are other sources more easily accessible that did that for you. That is why you analyze games before you prototype and iterate. An example when I start my day I always have the workflowy page at the start in my browser. When I watch or read an article I summarize it and add my thoughts to workflowy. When I watch a Let's Play of a game(especially by expert players) I add my thoughts on it. When I get an idea for a game I write it there and see what kind of games are similar to it and collect ideas from other games that would work with it. And so on... Prototyping is done only when I take an idea seriously, otherwise random musings are fine. Also since prototyping is verification its important to be as through in writing the prototyping report, the context, why it works, why it doesn't. Just because it does not work in that particular instance does not mean it will never work in all cases. Verification is a dangerous tool that can be abused. &gt;Q - What books should I read? The wiki has some recommendations. I also have my own [game design noob to pro recomendations](http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk).
&gt; Going back from the great Italian artists of the 16th century to classical composers - whether now or in the 18th century - or even modern abstract painters, the artists have paid their living expenses through commissions, teaching, wealthy donors, and often through a non-anon-artistic job on the side. Speaking of which Patrons then, Patreon now. You want this artsy crap? Make it work with patreon.
Still waiting for a sequel for Flotilla. It's one of the most perfect representation of space combat.
&gt; It's the people using and abusing Patreon's system who are. There is no problem with patreon. Dumb people are just departed of their cash. Dumb people are not an actual market with any worth so don't expect them to fund worthwhile projects. If they did they wouldn't be dumb. We shouldn't envy successful SJW bankrolled by dumb people, their cash pie is also limited, we have our own legitimate market on patreon.
&gt; I feel that this is a pattern that will continue to repeat itself over time. Doubt it. It may happen to neutrals like its is in this case that are reasonable and once they see through the narrative. But aGG is a cult, an ideology so those who have an agenda to push cannot be expected to be reasonable. They do not see through the narrative **they are** the narrative.
Both are facists fucks.
Cuckolding however is an instinctual warning. You are using " proximal outcome" as an excuse to ignore it which is not the case. Like I said there is no proximals and distals. Yes sexual gratification is more active but that's about it. Sexual gratification is a biological mechanism that is highly specialized which is why its so effective.
Expanding earth. Mainstream science has completely lost its mind. If you look at the oceanic maps IT CANNOT BE ARGUED ANY OTHER WAY. It maps 1:1 with earth inflation. https://youtu.be/oJfBSc6e7QQ?t=3m8s EDIT: Downvote me all you want you stupid fucks but you cannot argue with me.
You just don't get it. You are all smart people, that is why I have hope, this is why I try, this why I am here, this is why I even bother. But you are naive, you are just too gullible. People call conspiracy theorists paranoiacs but people don't realize that paranoia and naivete is on a sliding scale. People like to create a stereotype of conspiracy theorists, people like to create a mental picture of a whole world and how it functions but the problem with that is they don't think to deeply about things. You like science right? You like to read about science articles? You like to read about interesting things that are true? It's why you are in this subreddit. But you are not a scientist, you do not verify your information, you do not look out what is really out there, you are not curious, you do not see things for yourself, the biggest sin of all. This why they can lie to you, who you say? Anyone, politicians, conman, businessmen, your neighbor, your wife. Everyone can use a fool to do their bidding, that is basic self interest. And I am tired of seeing only fools wherever I look.
There was a moment in time when Ron Paul's campaign got silent and we never heard anything about it again.
It depends on the instrument you are using.
I am seeing a revitalization of the single player fps genre and it all comes down to one thing. The health mechanics. Regenerating health gives too much into cover shooting pop a mole situation and old fps was all about dodging,shooting and moving to collect stuff. Wolfenstien, Shadow Warrior and Doom are paving the way of a new generation of fps.
#[You start here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk) Before you can do anything you first need a foundation.
Everyone hates the moderates. Which is why MRAs should have wised up by now and declare outright war on feminism. It is a tragedy that this is not the case.
The computer explodes in a sea of flames. The NPC still demands food. Now you have to make food from scratch yourself. There is no easy way for game design. Gameplay, challenge and difficulty is interlinked. Without skills to be learned and challenges to be overcome you can have no **play**. For play is the process of acquiring those achievements. That said what you can do with a concept can be anything. You can have your Cooking Mama. You can have your Infinifactory/Factorio automation of the food making process. You can have your one off adventure puzzle that might not even make a lot of sense. Whatever the case only you know what skills are to be tested and what is appropriate for your game.
In addition to what has been said. Tower Defense, Sandbox Simulators(Gary's mod,TerraTech,Besigied etc.), Princes Maker, SRPG(to be fair they are pretty old japanese games but the west does not know much about them), Space Station 13(lots of potential here), Dungeon Keeper clones(we need moar!), Visual Novel Online(cooperative storytelling game, there was another example that looked like RPG maker but I can't remember the name). Lots of things from the aboved mentioned aren't explored much so they lots of potential to be discovered. As for completely new stuff that would be a Fantasy World Simulator that creates procedural stories meant to immerse you indefinitely in a world. Something like a current RPG fused with a sandbox sim. There has been some hints on how that works from games like Dwarf Fortress, Minecraft, The Sims, Elona and the Space Sims/4X/Trading genre. I believe that would be the next big thing. &gt;Beyond that, the majority of 'new games' are at most sub genres. I'd also say that Destiny, The Division and the upcoming Rare pirate game (Sea of Thieves) are perhaps on the verge of creating some kind of shared-world persistent semi-MMO, but realistically I don't think the differences (which are mostly instance size) are big enough to warrant a genre separation. Meh. I wouldn't^^*(edited)* say that is a genre. It more playing with persistence like how modern shooters have "RPG elements" and "unlocks". A real genre like that would be what I like to call [Server Shard Multipleyer](https://www.reddit.com/r/truegaming/comments/2mzyjw/server_shard_multilayer_sandbox_game/) or the SS13 clones. Where a single server has interesting interaction, goals and end for players outside of just competitive combat.
Crendor is going to win because that games thrives on chaos.
In this type of games its not so much the end game that is the problem as is the start. With this games you should start with a project in mind and when that project is reasonably done that is your end.
In most game it is to handle bigger challenges along the way and to finally **end the game**. In sandbox/open world type games with level scaling I think its just **broken** outright. Most games don't handle Power properly, even in games like Diablo 3 where the challenge is concrete it all becomes about the build and the combat gets actually simpler.
They are not the game designers, I am. With proper communication and prototypes you can achieve much more then a worthless document.
Its some Animu shit. It's supposed to be roleplay like in a role-playing forum with VN sprites and shit but they aren't any RP servers from what I found, just meaningless chat like you find in an irc. Kinda disappointing but I like the concept, you can find more [here](http://visualnovelonline.com/). There was a better 2D multiplayer game kinda like a RPG Maker game where one players controls all the world, NPC and stuff and another "plays" the story the GM sets up. But I can't remember the name.
It's interesting that TB has always been liberal. **COINCIDENCE?! I THINK NOT!** Its clear that TB is the embodiment of liberalism so he can never fascist.
**Spoiler Alert!** Elon Musk is a confirmed agent. Check out his bio on Wikipedia and his involvement with various companies. It doesn't make sense.
That's what happens when people don't learn from history. X3:Reunion was an even bigger abomination and it took until Terran Conflict to shape up properly. Comparatively X Rebirth had it easy. Don't go into X games if you aren't for the long haul, they have always been Early Access before Early Access was a thing.
&gt; They don't get that too much is wrong with the foundation of the game Do you have any idea what an even BIGGER disaster it would have been if they tried to have multiple ships? X Rebirth is all about the foundation, laying the groundwork for future releases. X Rebirth had a good scope when you think about how much they revamped. The needed one release to properly digest all the changes and find what works and what doesn't. No it is not a new Terran Conflict/Albion Prelude but with fancier graphics, you already have that so play that. Yes a new game will be much better and probably have all the things you want, but Rebirth had to have happened first, it was an experiment and an evolution, it wasn't meaningless.
You do know that mouse and keyboard at 60fps is gg no re to everyone else? It would not be much difference between Nintendo, Xbox and Playstation so the COULD work together but those companies would rather die then work together.
Is your character by any chance heavy and moves like a snail? If I want to keep my character light the weight is an issue as health items have a fair bit of weight,especially if you have stamina boosters too so you can always run around. I am a female character and pretty early in the game so that might be a factor. &gt;You are choosing to play that way! Actually in this game you can place more intuitive restrictions like you use only what you collect or don't have healing pawns. Dragon's Dogma in actual fact handled things pretty decently, its not perfect and you can exploit it but in my case I had no problem with it. **Also if your OCD absolutely can't let you play as you want so you can have a satisfying experience. YOU CAN MOD IT.** Have a mod that doubles the weight of all curatives and the problem goes away.
This reminds me. This is a console port and I don't think the console version had any hotkeys so you always had to bring up the menu. If you had to interrupt your play you probably wouldn't spam it as much.
&gt; For the main game For the main game you want stamina not health.
You can have more then just "elemental' types. You can have armor that protects against various types to varying degrees. All combat boils down to a more complex Rock Paper Scissors. The players **absolutely** have to have **all options** as the combat would break down if a player for example didn't have Scissors. However they can be better or weaker at others. The same is true for multiple damage types, they need **options** to handle them all. In your case you can have an "Almost Omni Tanked" but with a 1/2/3 weakness or maybe a jack of all trades armor that isn't as good or maybe an invulnerable to specific elements armor. Whatever the case those weakness has to be handled **by player actions** in some way. I always recommend reading [Sirlins](http://www.sirlin.net/article-archive/) stuff when it comes to combat and balance. In my personal case I would ALWAYS have multiple types because **the tactical depth is HUGE** with it. But I know I can handle the tactical and strategic side properly, but that might not work in your case with a PvP MMORPG. This stuff has to be thought from the ground up All of my favorite RPGs with great combat have multiple types. Check The Spirit Engine 1/2 for inspiration.
Nobody will care. If you want yo be effective you would want some kind of protest movement on the ballots. Something like Occupy Wall Street but with voting. [Read this](http://mileswmathis.com/writein.html).
Workflowy([i have to many referrals](https://workflowy.com/invite/1f6e8217.lnx)) works really well for this. Its easy to pop in a new idea and detail it later. Tabletop simulator is a great way to prototype a game concept if you don't have the physical game bits on hand(or the space). I wish there was a tool where you can manipulate data in many ways, preferably half scripting and half excel like. We do have [machinations](http://www.jorisdormans.nl/machinations/) which kind works for some things.
&gt;Is this site totally redundant due to other sites (like TVtropes)? I don't think its redundant as open wiki is better for this and tvtroopes does not go that in depth into things. That said there already is a wiki like this but its not open and the updates are not that frequent. A more active open community wiki would be the best for this. http://129.16.157.67:1337/mediawiki-1.22.0/index.php/Main_Page It goes in-depth but uses some strange academic terms that are not that intuitive. The format and the type of relations with links are great though.
Not true. Patterns are patters, bits and pieces that you can put together. Yes the combination is what adds the meaning to the game **but becoming aware of the pieces** is invaluable to a designer as **you cannot use what you don't have**. How it work with other pieces and examples are also a bonus.
You are overestimating the amount of editors you are going to get. Until you get a good chunk of content done nobody will touch it.
The mega game could work really well in a classroom as long as you are careful with the secrecy and spying stuff. The players would actually be active around the class making alliances,spying and research. Could even be directly related to an aspect of culture so you get bonuses for that. Combat could be like Diplomacy where the turns are simultaneous with the exception that empires can actually have vassals states of other teams ala Crusader Kings so its not that much about backstabbing. What you would need is a map, some tokens to represent units and some cards to represent culture. Maybe you can let the players make the cards and negotiate what kind of bonus they get. Maybe also add some penalties to them to offset them. Also have some resource cards(food,units,horses?,armor?, weapons?,gold) that are given based on which parts of the map you control ala Risk. You could also make yourself some event cards that happen after each turn(or maybe at variable turns). Like plagues,droughts,bonuses to areas. You can also link them to historical events somewhat based on the year. Also check out /r/rpg , /r/boardgames , /r/tabletopgamedesign. With a wiki in hand you can probably scrap up a game with all this things relatively quickly.
What kind of timeframe you have in mind for the game? A one shot 1-2 hour class? A mini session of 15 minutes over multiple classes? That could also be a factor in the design as interaction between players can take time especially between multiple teams like in alliance and stuff. You would want concrete and simple rules if you want to keep things fast. DnD isn't exactly a fast game.
Money. There is no difference between democrats and republicans on the really important issues. They are all corporate whores.
I have no idea what you mean by this. MMO are generally going to action games physical hits solution which is better on all accounts. Or at least active dodging with hinting/marks. It has nothing to do with Randomness.
Don't they mean trademark? Copyright does not work that way.
You are on your own. Either make mods or simple games as that is your CV. If you go to an university then that is your team, your budget and your deadline.
I'm more excited about Jai then about anything else. It's such a strange thing for a program to have actual creativity put in rather then just a list of features to solve some problems.
&gt; In Dark Souls, we don't feel that bosses are damage sponges because we understand that the creatures we fight have some sort of characteristic that makes your weapons do less damage. And also they are giant or encased in armor or undead and you often wonder how you are doing any damage at all. Aesthetics and theme can get you a long way. Dark Souls even isn't that bullet spongy compared to others. This also reminds of reminds me of Doom's pain thresholds for the various demons. Yes the demons have a bit of health to them but that doesn't mean they are unaffected.
You obviously need to buy the zombie DLC pack. Gabe needs all them $$.
I am talking about a legitimate **sellable** indie game.
You didn't get my point. What I meant is a university course that functions basically like a Indie studio.
WoooW.
##Keep going. Accelerate. Make the traits for enemies hidden information. Make the traits affect tactical behavior and give special abilities like for example friendship will protect from damage a fellow creature. In other words synergize between multiple creatures. Have 100 traits,200 traits,300 traits? But you can make some of them binary and dependent on parent traits. Also have a maximum of 20 per character. 10 traits could have ranges that are specialize(weaker,stronger) while the rest of the ranges remaining is default(100%) and the other 10 traits could be those binary traits that are "on". Of course you could mix and match like have 4 specialized ranges with 16 binary or on weaker enemies might have 6 ranges and 5 binaries for a total of 11. Do not expect the player to keep track of them or calculate. What you want is a possibility space explosion that is built around discovery of the enemy. But make sure that the situation is always resolvable, have "weakness traits"(negative ranges?) that the player has to find and exploit and give powerful defensive abilities to the player so that the player has time to sort things out. Every battle should be about experimenting and making intuitive guesses about the enemy and then countering their strategy and exploiting their weakness. Like a CCG be very careful with balance, a trait should be like a card, have an objective measurement on how good it is.
&gt; At what point are there just too many numbers to keep track of? You have tons of different affinities. But because of that you can never really leverage most of them. How many cards are there in Magic:The Gathering or Heartstone? People still play even if there are billions of combinations. They just analyze the current situation and the big strategies and look at their options.
CCG exist and they are similar to what you want. Do not worry to much and just prototype. If it works or not only there will you find out.
In a Persona game don't you have lots of monsters to select from like in Pokemon? Pokemon itself is a card game in disguise. I agree with you that you need to have a way to build your deck so to speak.
You have 6 cards and they have 6 cards. If you increase it to 10 would it be that impossible to keep track? Not all the traits are active abilities. In a RPG you play one action or have a limit of action points you can use. Its not infinite. Abilities can have cooldowns and conditions. What do you even do in a RPG this days other then spam OP attacks? There is no thinking in RPGs. Traits could generate unique patterns and combinations that needs some though to be handled. Developers don't have the time to make any trash mob encounter interesting so they don't. As long as the player has the time to sort out the situation and things are balanced so that they don't get a no win scenario they should be fine. And even if as you say its impossible, I would rather have it tried as a prototype to see what happens. It's worth a shot.
Don't play with idiots. If you found the reason for your rage, all you need is to fix it. If you are playing to win, then playing with idiots is counterproductive.
Shooters have been stuck in the modern military shooter and gears of war rut for ages. Now shooters are finally unstuck. I have good hopes for the new Shadow Warrior 2, its looks more like a new direction then even DOOM is.
You are right, this is pointless. You cannot even keep the subject of the thread in mind.
&gt; Sure, they should be allowed to spread their hatred without censorship, but now they're attached to GG's image moving forwards. Well fucking done you bumbling chucklefuck cretins. You either make a true statement or you fucking shut up. If you fear to protect the speech of others. Maybe you don't deserve your freedom. What part of "defend to the death your right to frees speech" don't you get?
I defend all speech!! ^(except when it dirties my clothes)
A good designer should always work on the design of multiple projects at once. But you can put them on the backburner so its not something you have to focus all the time. I always have a journal on hand to write my thought whenever inspiration hits. An idea that hasn't matured for 5 years I consider faulty. The great thing that I found is that as you develop your other ideas and write your thoughts, you will sharpen your perspective and get a clearer picture, finding connections between the projects and insights that will affect the design of your main project. I have 10 projects that are designed in parallel and 6 are so tied together that they could be considered an "overgame". Although I am a bit of a simulationist autist so that might be the reason they are so tied together.
That's because it was made by Microsoft and not Valve.
&gt;Actively attempting work on 6 to 10 projects is a failure. You don't have to focus on them. Which is the part you are misunderstanding. I haven't even done much other then some simple toy prototyping and writing. You don't have to do much. In fact its best if you don't do much and keep it not defined. Your main project is still your main project and the rest is on the backburner, which is why I say it will take 5 years for them to mature. Here is a video related to this: http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/231225/Video_Practical_Creativity__A_way_to_invent_new_kinds_of_video_games.php It is essential to take as long as possible time as a design "grows" only when a problem is in an unsolved state. And the only way to make that profitable is to work on them in parallel. If a game idea take took 5 years to design, not even to complete but to "Start" then it would be impossible, that does not put food on the table. You need to **work and finish** something **NOW**. But if you have 10 projects in parallel over 5 years then after you finish your current main project you would be at the "Start" with 10 worthy ideas for the next project.
Can you quantify exactly how much effort would it take just to work on the new project and get it out of your system? Would you work on it tomorrow? For a week? Do you think you will endlessly come up with ideas? How many ideas and prototypes would you come up with in a month? 3? 10? 20? 50? How about next month? What would you think would happen if you do pursue? Lets say you have the budget for a year of vacation time for endless musings, what would happen?
&gt; The applicant that was a mother was rated less competent, less committed, less suitable for hire, and deserving of lower salaries. Big question there. Would a new mother be more preoccupied with her child or less preoccupied with her child? Even if people are have the same job with the same wage do not necessarily have the same efficiency. And once you present a real factor that affects that efficiency why should that not be accounted into the wage? Sure social policies are all well and good that help mothers but we are talking about economics and economics are ruthless.
I am talking about MoH:Warfighter.
Speed of light.
Spoilers: You are in a echo chamber. Don't believe me? Just mentions GMO and Big Pharma is shit. The shills will just crawl out of the woodwork to create the consensus at the mention of those keywords.
As longs as animals have brains they will play. Games require only one thing, **challenge**, a test of your skills, a problem to be solved. The brain is a well oiled machine that adapts and thrives in any environment that is not completely random. The brain develop that way because it proved to be an evolutionary advantage. So for humans using their brains is the biologically rewarded state.
ALL conspiracy sites are infiltrated!! We are the only thing that could be considered resembling even a sliver of resistance. Of course they will pay special attention to us, they pride themselves with their intricate schemes to fool us. In other words we are an **explicit** and **only** opponent to them.
It doesn't matter where you go, so you might as well make the best of it.
You are not middle class. You are a slave. Your masters have slowly boiled the frog.
TRP is just the blueprint to the female mind. The blueprint can be interpreted in different ways and adopted into many strategies, moral or immoral. If you do not believe in the blueprint then you are not TRP, simple as that.
&gt; The middle ground is harder to walk That is if it exists at all. You miss the big point. In the past men controlled the guillotine. Throw the woman out with no support. Which is why they carefully negotiated a contract, marriage, and if you follow the rules both parties would be happy. Don't and you would suffer grim consequences. There was never a time for the whims of women. Without incentive, a reason to make it work all you get is flimsy whims. If all you have is a hammer and the saw is broken, then you better hammer those nails.
&gt; they wouldn't have evolved. They didn't, marriage did. And the consequences were pretty severe. Eternal damnation, torture, death, financial ruin. If you look at the early development of "relationships" its a pretty gruesome picture. Lets say there are plenty of dead women and babies in the annals of history that didn't quite win at evolution. &gt;she would leave as soon as I started winning. Go **where?**
The majority should not care. Discussion should be done with an enthusiastic volunteers that make the policy. The government should only have the role of a judge that chooses between the policies debated. With this the dumb masses will not care. There would be no parties to make them care. Of course there will always be controversy but the Devil is in the 1001 other policies.
&gt; Still... NAWALT. Heresy!!
A woman's disgust is absolute not relative.
You video tape it. That is the **ONLY** solution. Consent contracts are scraps of paper with no legal weight. They will evaporate just like Pre-nups.
&gt; Somebody needs to be professionally managing things. I wonder who could do that? Its not like there is a person who can sort through massive amounts of data and do billions of calculations.
&gt; ableism Lock them up and throw away the key. &gt;"modern art" So you are going to defend "modern art"?
If we are talking about armor a burka isn't an armor either. As someone who has read about HEMA most armors in games are garbage.
You think beauty isn't power?
If the male power fantasy is using physical strength. Then a woman's power fantasy would be using their beauty to their advantage. You don't see obese ugly women in chick flicks. On the other side an amazon woman is just the male power fantasy again in a female context.
So what would be the alternative? Bulky butch women clad in steel? Is that their fantasy? &gt;But part of what makes DOOM a power fantasy is that its the player saving the world from Hell. Should the Doom Guy be a skinny hipster then? Is that a "positive power fantasy"? &gt; Even if we are to accept the premise that beauty is female power fantasy, which I think is absolutely not true in a game like Torchlight or something, the beauty doesn't just come from a simple sexual attraction it comes from the idea of power through attraction. **More specifically** how would you make the Bayonetta character? Agency wise she is **a complete badass** so that is not the issue. So how would she look? Should she wear a burka? Should she be an amazon? Should she be like Zarya? Should she be in full plate armor that you can't even determine her sex? Should she be like the new Lara Croft? Rey from Star Wars?
Just have to push it a little more then. That way I could wipe you all out.
If someone is interested about this topic: http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/history-of-thinking/map.html
It's just a piece of paper, its people beliefs that make it special, at least until you are confronted with the harsh reality that its just a piece of paper.
Have you actually asked what female players think? The ones that actually play games and not scam artists like Anita? You will be surprised. When you view the world through ideology that is not a accurate picture.
Because Quantum Mechanics is a Scam so their papers have to be put under lock and key. Sure a few can have access, a few can just as well be dismissed.
That looks like some bad normal map artifacts.
&gt; but it's usually supplementary rather than a primary food The hunting in hunter-gatherers is meat. The fact that humans spread throught the world in those early times should give you and idea on just about how much hunting we were doing. We did not have a teritory like other animals do, we were hunting the whole world just to keep up with our caloric intake.
&gt; Most hunting is low yield. That's completely retarded. It's high yield but rare. The amount of calories you get from foraging is steady but limited. Not until agriculture you can make it viable.
Calling meat low yield is not evidence, its stupidity.
All your investment is worthless when the content dries up. This not the case with mobas where more investment pays off.
The fact that the whole of humanity does not live there? This might seem like surprising information to you but when you eat a fruit, that fruit disappears, there might be other fruits around, but they also disappear if you eat them. Now its true that fruits can grow again, but its not an instantaneous process! So if you have 100 people living in area eating fruit day by day, it is fine. The area can support it. 1000 people? why not? If the area bearing fruit is spread out large enough you might even have 10.000 people. But 20 thousand? 30? 50? How much do you think that area can support?
&gt;Because the institutional subscriptions that university libraries have to buy are like tens of thousands of dollars. And from where does the money to buy those subscriptions comes from that fund those institutions? It wouldn't happen to be the taxpayers? So why would the government stop little old me if they don't even expect anyone to pay? What do they have to hide? Because its a Scam. They don't want enterprising individuals check their papers, their important scam theories like qunatum mechanics must be under lock and key. If a individual stupid enough to actually pay he can easily be dismissed as a lunatic. They don't have thousands of people breathing down their neck to pressure them.
99.9%
Drugs are profitable, especially since they are black money useful for all things without restriction and accounting.
I don't get it. What are they doing here in a conspiracy sub if they don't understand that the whole show is rigged? Trump,Hillary,Bernie they are all fake people. What do you expect from them?
So what if they are trolls? &gt;arguing in good faith Such a thing doesn't exist in the first place, you argue for your beliefs.
What if tomorrow we live in a corporate dystopia where governments are irrelevant?
Actually I think its more against specific theories like Hollow Earth or Earth Growth(which is absolutely true). In Hollow Earth theory there is a possibility that the Earth and Moon could fusion sun inside its core which has a wide range of implications. Although its a pretty wild theory.
What if the go to another platform and demand to "No platform!" them? And what if they give in? What if there is collusion industry wide? Media wide? Discussing Gamergate wasn't censorship? Free Speech is important because its fucking Free Speech. The enemies of Free Speech and their excuses are many.
It's not a simple problem. You can have a guild that are available at various times. You can make preparations to handle things when not online, like traps and defenses or have contracts/quests with other players to defend your stuff while you are not around. Or you can just poof your assets for a period of time when you are not around. It depends on the game what is suitable. If you can implement a goverment with police and laws that would also be a way.
&gt;He claimed that any game that people find fun is good game design which im pretty sure is wrong while ive always assumed that just because its fun dosent mean its good game design. Actually it is as simple as that. Games are a **challenge** presented to the player to test his **skills**. All game design amounts to is ways to is to make the appropriate tests of skill and give ways for players to improve.
&gt; You're being obtuse and assuming the worst case scenario . We are beyond the worst case scenario here. It's a fucking war here. The area might be gray but the fights are not. They fight to censor we fight to defend speech. Anywhere, anytime, anyday, anyhow.
When evolution stopped. Without a selection force you get this type of specimens.
This is insane. This is worse then thought crime, at least with thought crime you require some evidence.
This is a great article on the [topic](http://www.sirlin.net/articles/solvability)
&gt; but if you've been contributing to a cross-section of the site and composing yourself well all-in-all, Negative karma is on a per subreddit basis you fool. Thus if the subreddit is ideologically one way then you can be easily be dogpiled by the hivemind.
Also known as how to be increasingly boring as a game. At this point isn't it just a movie? And a shitty movie at that.
To put women in their place after they fuck it up.
The theme isn't that far off. The concept of patriarchy isn't exactly rootless.
That's because feminist's patriarchy does not have anything to do with reality. But before it mutated horribly it was the same concept so I am not surprise feminists think its the same thing. Ultimately its a fiction so the metaphor can be anything.
There are theories out there where planets could stay in a sort of hyperspace and can change/evolve until they are in normal space.
Those pesky animal to human virus transmissions?
It's not the beta males that kiss feminist butt that is breeding.
Doesn't mean they cannot use symbols from other cultures.
The opposite side of paranoia is naivete. That this could not happen in any circumstance. For example if you are a leader of a movement the government does not like I have no doubt you would be wiretapped and spied on. What do you think the NSA database exists in the first place? What's the difference between "homegrown terrorist" and "citizen"? Likewise a person in a position of power who has a access to this tools and a motive(like revenge) is not an impossible circumstance. Given no regulations and transparency to stop this cases it could well happen, humans have never been a bastion of morality and power corrupts absolutely. But its easy to dismiss the nuts instead of solving the issue properly. Government surveillance is well a major issue in our modern times.
A sucker is born every nanosecond.
Looks like it has some custom parts, in fact it might be all custom since the materials don't look the same. He might have just used the stock one as a blueprint.
Life isn't actually that bad in our modern times even when there are a couple of nutcases in control. it could have been worse, much worse, just imagine a North Korea or Stalinist russia for the whole globe. So what do I think is the meaning of life? Well existence exists and consciousness exists, this gives us some clues. Imagine our universe without any biological life, just rocks in space? What would be its meaning? To me there is no reason why biological life should exist, and there is no reason why life should strive to be more complex to create consciousness. In fact there is a lot of luck involve to reach consciousness. There is also no reason why existences exists in the first place, nothing, a story never told. And yet it does exist, and so is consciousness. Any yet when we die our consciousness is extinguished, out organic body turns to dust. If your body is in a vacuum with no bacteria is your body still alive organically or inert matter? We might be food but we still turn to dust, there is no great cycle of life where out organic body transforms into other cells, all you are is chemical fuel. So our mind is extinguished, our body also, so why doesn't matter itself disappear? Why does existence exist? Now you might be thinking I am going in circles, and you are correct, I am just tracing the paths and you might see like me at the edges a blurry outline. This is my belief on what the meaning of life is. There is no reason why the universe can be experienced just like it has no reason to exist. Yet it does in all its ways and stories.
Crawfall.
That's your own narrative, it has nothing to do with reality.
The Bilderberg Group sure sparked some new discussions.
The big problem is gamers have not been acclimated with porn games. And I do mean straight up porn not this half censored shit. As someone who plays Hentai games. Porn + Games is a combination that works better then you would expect, you have a great extrinsic motivator to got through the challenges and as something you work for you give context and meaning to the porn. As for Senra Kagura its the worst of both worlds, you have all the teasing without the payoff.
Mapping to reality full is a impossibility. A gimmick is all fine but its potential is limited. I think the TEST you should considered is the random wrist flickering. If that becomes a winnable strategy the system no matter how intricate all comes crashing down.
Because the game mechanics are too shallow to handle it. You need good maps with health pickups, weapon pickups and movement mechanics that are beyond most developers comprehension. And even if you have it it is beyond console players capability where most of the industry is focusing. In other words COD ruined everything.
If you consider bleeding vaginas, literal shit and random splashing of paint "Art". You might find yourself in an **ideological cult** or simply *insane*. &gt; personal preference If its personal preference for the **whole world** to dislike something, is it really anything of value?
So 'modern art' like you get before the 90's is the same thing as the art you get in video games, comics, anime, books, internet? Really? Can you really **tell fucking me** a literal toilet is the same thing as a game concept art or book illustration? I will take "fan art" to something people actually care about any day to any pretentious "modern art".
Actually mechanically its not that impressive. What they really nailed it is the characters. They are such colorful and interesting that you can't help to be with them. I am trying to imagine how if the characters were more generic looking but with the same mechanics if it would be as popular. Overwatch has characters that look like Pixar characters.
&gt; check out Every Frame a Painting on Youtube. Don't. You will forever be disappointed at the current state of movies.
&gt; but you're essentially saying that the majority of people of any importance for the past 100 years were insane. You are correct. It's pure propaganda. It's not like religions didn't do the same thing for millenniums. &gt;domain of the wealthy and the educated You are insulting the intelligence of the wealthy and educated. &gt;the ultimate symbol of higher culture Modern art might be good for money laundering as you can put any price on any junk, but calling it culture is a bit of a stretch. &gt;the Nazis. Then the Nazis still had *taste*, just because they are evil doesn't mean they don't have values.
&gt; generalized a huge and complicated social phenomenon Then give me counter examples. I DARE YOU!!
You know nothing about me. Religions aren't the big problem today, your cult is.
&gt; you think that 'good art' is an airbrush painting of a grim reaper That might actually contain skill and passion that is miles ahead of **literally shit**. I can go on CGTalk search [grim reaper](http://www.cgsociety.org/gallery/tag/grim%20reaper) and be actually impressed. But talentless scammers with their "art" sure prove me wrong!
&gt; And now we're back to the time-cube crazy-person-bolding. So? That's just how I talk. Should we all just be the same robots with just one thought in our empty minds?
&gt; but anyone who likes it is an idiot Just like anyone who likes Candy Crush is a moron, just like anyone who believes anything on Tumblr is a moron, I will consider anyone who takes "modern art" serious a moron. "Modern Art" insults MY intelligence so I can only consider you idiots. This is not merely dislike, this is hate.
Not if you post it on Tumblr.
You say I am not fair but how are you fair? If an argument has no conditions to be falsifiable then what is the point?
The reason is Ubisoft.
&gt; "art" doesn't necessarily require talent or any input Or it **does** and I will consider everyone who don't idiots. It would have been criticism only if it were true. But "modern art" demonstrated that is **worthless** so their points are moot.
Items could exist that increase mana and you want the amount to be something a player understands. Another part of the equation is the mana regeneration is also something a player has to track. If 4500 mana means 45 mana per second that is easier then 100 mana with with variable mana regen is harder to keep track.
&gt; either we want it to be good for everyone, or not, right? There's no third option. We precisely DON'T want it to be good for everyone. Different characters need different items, that is the charm of Dota(the original moba). For a person who is all about system complexity you sure want to cut that out. Without this you go back to your dreaded "yomi" that you don't acknowledge. For fucks sake Keith this is the path you chose, get it right.
Because I hate some people.
I know enough to hate.
You had one job which was filtering and categorization. The site is completely useless.
We can all pick a topic and reverse it, **but sometimes the truth hurts more.** -SWG was a fundamentally flawed game which is the reason why Sony changed it- They made it worse sure but it doesn't change the fact that it was flawed. And it was your lovely "interdependence" that was precisely flawed. -Also EVE sucks- Yes its a sandbox MMO but it completely sucks ass which is why they want to hear the great stories and NOT play it and have their OWN stories.
&gt; he was making a point about how art can be anything, If everything can be art. Then nothing is. If I compare my shitty drawings to someone from CGTalk where that is their passion and that invested their whole into it its clear who will be better.
&gt; You've stopped seeing people as actual people and just hate. That implies that people are worth much. They aren't, they are all selfish little beasts with very little thought in their minds. The little good things is what impresses me to not lose all hope for humanity. If I really believed that people actually took "modern art" seriously then I would pray for their extinction every day. But they aren't so that just leaves **you**.
&gt;How many would like heavy metal? In the 80's and 90's that would be everyone. &gt; some people enjoy some things which you don't And some people are stupid. It's just that I think those people have both in common.
You can come up with your own ideas. The constraints is as mentioned: &gt;1-2 hour session in the week with a occasional 4hour session in the weekend. So you have to make those hours meaningful.
I am not talking about every day they have to be available, I made that clear in my first example. I am talking about **when** they can play they only have 1-2 hours not more. This is not a limitation of the game this a limitation of the demographic. So you have to make those hours meaningful somehow.
Great now make a Sandbox MMO out of it. They are our old brothers that loved MMOs just as much so why not have a solution for them?
This.
&gt;RNG on item advancement is not a bad thing *Fixed that for you.*
Lies, damned lies and endgame.
I am pretty sure people get it.
Ah the great reddit [switcharoo](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4och5m/piss_off_rmmorpg_with_one_sentence/d4bpj4o).
That is just a description not something to be angry about.
To be fair it has some good ideas that could be easily translated into a MMO.
Heretic!
Interdependence wasn't the flaw true, but the jobs were boring which is precisely why it was botted. If the main game was so good why did it collapse just because of the jedi factor? If everything was so social and community based and rewarding why did the pursuit towards jedi destroy it? The ephemeral illusion of the world had fallen, the gears that powered the world were not that robust.
&gt; 2-3+ months &gt;6+ months &gt;Eve is a good game
What is the point of this thread without a real controversy? So pissing of EVE apologists is just my style.
&gt; If anything id recommend eve solely on the fact that its fundamentally different from typical MMOs EVE truly is something different and I would even say precious. Which is why I want it killed and replaced with a better sandbox MMO. In other words an EVE killer. &gt;Who knows maybe youll stick with it for even longer than i did. That's impossible since I completely hate grinding and activities that waste time.
Why did **EVERYONE** want to be a jedi if they were so satisfied with their own jobs? Do you really think if every job had meaningful content and objectives for their job the same things would happen again?
Everquest Next is dead! Long live Crowfall! It is painful precisely because it was great.
No, they ban you if you don't have custom part systems.
&gt; [Here is my MMO idea](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/49hhny/pitch_your_idea_for_the_perfect_mmo/d0tab5k?context=3) Do it properly.
Support us on Kickstarter!
Meh. No permadeath? Are you even trying?
F2P is pretty hard to make as a proper sandbox simply because an in-game economy and cash shop does not mix well together. On the other hand you probably won't see many MMO's that aren't f2p anyway. The most likely case would be f2p with premium subscriptions. &gt;But every other one seems to be early access B2P/P2P They will go f2p eventually, that is inevitable.
That is just a greeting like Hello.
Best post in thread.
I want a game where the Hero says fuck it and goes with the evil seductress instead while leaving the princess to rot in a dungeon.
I hope so. The only true reason to support Trump is to let him destroy as much as he can. He is a clown but that is exactly the thing we need. Pain and suffering to awaken us from our dumb stupor.
That was actually what I was thinking about. But the princess...
Preferably evolutionary but I will take any kind if its good.
You are literally the thing that ruined MMOs.
&gt; then why even play an MMO ? all they are is time sinks Why do you think I'm on /r/mmorpg?
I just want to see some corpses for once. Things were so much better when they were using **serial killers**, there at least you had some horribly bad pictures you can analyze and find faults.
&gt; There's no generally accepted definition of pay to win. It's not a question of definitions, its a question of acceptance. The dirty little secret is that there is p2w the people accept to various degrees.
&gt;I couldn't help but think a server wide raid/dungeon progression based on floor levels That is because its a bit of a science fiction of our ability to create that many dungeons,bosses and general amount of content. If it were really to exist it would be finished in like a month. At best we would have something like roguelikes? You would be more in luck with something like Danmachi or Overlord to be frank. In that the point being the resources.
Best thing to do with levels? Get rid of them, including skill progression.
I still fail to see how **ignorance** will ever help people. My advice is still the same to **specialize** on a genre first. Read absolutely everything about it. The only danger comes from not writing everything down in a journal so that knowledge will eventually be lost. We already have too many "game jam" like projects where they just throw things together into a mess and expect something out of it. There is not enough concept heavy games where they take a whole genre and distill its essence.
&gt; I see no problem to have the same distinction for games. There is a big problem because games without fun are not games. People misunderstand how powerful fun in games is. **It's like having math without the equation.** Games are about a **challenge** you have to overcome with your **skills** that **grow**. Through overcoming that challenge it brings satisfaction, that is **fun**. It has nothing to do theme or meaning or story, there is nothing childish about it, it is not joy, its not seriousness, it is part of **human nature itself**.
Irrelevant because the problem is the end cap.
To not rush means to kill for real.
The myth is that we don't want games that are not about killing. The problem is that you don't make games. So that will never satisfy us. &gt;Also I'd argue that "walking sims" are considered games by the vast majority of people, - &gt;so they bring a war on the definition itself.
&gt; I think it's telling that you labelled anyone who makes a game that isn't about killing stuff a 'pretentious prick', Your own fucking words.
&gt; but if you create a system that gives players more choices and skills as they level rather than gate content behind stat checks with the leveling system, you can work around that. Why have levels? Unlocking skills would be just as limiting factor as stats, if we bring your argument to the logical conclusion it is **against** levels. &gt;I think one issue is that the concept of leveling has seen very little experimentation. It's a cookie cutter system at this point, as if there's no other way to establish the rules, which is a shame. Path of Exile is the only one like this that I have seen. But it also has seasons where it all resets. Without death or reset there is no way to make levels meaningful.
It would make sense if you watched the video.
Then you should know what I am referring to. Or should I spell it out in painful detail reiterating all there is in the video?
You want games about subtle things right? To have meaning and message and whatever. And I am fine with that, that is the myth. But it is very difficult to make "games" about that. Current games are about spacial simulation, action, conflict, strategy and abstract thinking and is very hard to make "games" outside of that. So you don't make "games", games that are a challenge with skills, and then insult us for not taking serious thing we don't consider "games". You do not even have an idea how a game like that would even look. You do not even know how brilliant The Witness or Papers Please is in achieving exactly that. All you want is boring narrative with your ideological message.
I don't get it. There are better books for that.
All mentioned in the video.
Okay then explain to me what you mean by THIS: &gt;there's a certain group of people who strongly dislike subtlety because it's largely opaque to them, and because of this they dislike the idea of games aspiring to be art (or at least 'good art', which is necessarily subtle), but they also can only express this in the least subtle and nuanced way possible, hatred. They're also very 'territorial' in their interests,
I already mentioned how in another [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4okoiw/discussion_mmorpgs_social_dynamics_and_player/d4di2mf). You need downtime in a social context as well as ways to create that context.
Fuck drop rates I want guarantees.
*You have unlocked the title "Womanizer". Do 10% extra damage to mobs of female sex.* There are plenty of ways to skin a cat.
&gt; You make it sound like your MMO mentality is the only MMO mentality.There are many different school of thoughts to go about promoting interaction. Even if you don't agree with it at least respect it. I am not the one wanting to limit options here. You are the selfish one here with caring only about yourself. Does what I say stop you in any way with doing what you want?
What about it? Give me an example on what you are talking about?
SWG had a lot of right ideas that could have been great if they were tweaked. But you have to be very careful when you make jobs/roles.
Then why are MMOs in the current state?
But that doesn't change the fact that they are in an awful state and socialization all but evaporated. If it really worked like you said we would still have it. We aren't going to solve things by doing the same thing over and over again.
You aren't going to get that if you aren't going to make deals first like alliances right? In fact socialization and politics that cause this kind of effects is what I want it to be about. If it doesn't have consequences it does not have meaning.
You **punch up** and **boot stomp down**. Because those that think themselves as righteous will never accept they are wrong.
I think what you are referring to is what Raph Koster calls soft interdependence/relationships. In that they are one off meetings and trades that are replaceable but you do get to know them and make small relations.
&gt; I am reasonably sure they could track whether someone is swinging or just flicking their wrists. Not if you are moving randomly and there is absolutely no resistance. &gt; but that doesn't mean the amount we can get can't be used to make good games Sometimes the middle is the uncanny valley.
Randomness is the answer.
Because green didn't win. If green did win everything would be retroactively be boring.
&gt; What if you have incentives for plays to return to those areas If level cap is 90. Then almost all the players will be 90. Yo need mentors for a level 90 now do you? What is the point of scaling things when you can just get rid of levels entirely and build it properly from the start? &gt;There are heaps of RPGs I have run again simply because of how good the levelling experience is. RPGs don't have this problems because they are single player game with an eventual end state. MMOs don't have an end state and most of the population is at level cap. In fact the reason the level cap is raised is because you get a limited "leveling experience" until you reach cap again.
It is not so much ahead of its time as much as everything decayed after WoW. EVE Online is an awful game that only exist because it had no worthwhile alternative to compete with.
&gt; I'm not sure I follow the idea of higher training allows you to access more skills because it would essentially break down the system allowing long time players an advantage. Maybe I am understanding incorrectly. You are definitely misunderstanding somewhere. Everyone starts from the beginning and only their potential is capped. A beginner should not do anything to complicated so if you only need 4 skills maxed to do the basic job then that means you are on an even playing field for that particular basic job. And its not like your other skills won't increase along the way, you just wont be focusing as much on maxing them. An expert player might want to juggle multiple things at once which means they might be even less effective at the basics. This works even better if the skills are harder to increase the closer you are to the end and have higher decay rates so that you have to constantly keep yourself "sharp" in your skills.
There is a reason people stopped playing old MMOs and its not just because of the graphics. This is not evolution, this is insanity. You might downvote me but you will eat your words once you play again for a month.
Tell me that after a month of playing.
You can't change bones.
Do you know how many languages Europe has?
You can let other people play. An expert player knows much better about the in-depth mechanics. Although its good to play through it yourself to get a feel for it.
Wait what? How the fuck do you shoot the MedKit?
More bullshit on behalf of quantum mechanics.
&gt;Should we make all sexual encounters require some form of documented (non-verbal) consent before it is valid? We already had a legally binding and heavily enforced document of legal consent. It evaporated. I am talking about marriage. That's why sex outside of marriage was taboo especially when back in the days sex produced children. Now we have abortion, birth control, cheating, divorce and marriage rape. Any form of written consent is again as useless as marriage. There is no solution, if you put the women in position for superiority you make the world a hellhole and probably piss of men to revolt and **bad things happen**. If you put men in position of superiority bad boys will have their fun. All you can do is precariously and **arbitrarily** balance the two sides based on the whims of the judges. What women can do is few. Report the rapes to the police, it might not do anything but you will at least have some backlog in case of serial rapists. Do not go alone into a man's house if you do not want sex. Do not go to fraternties or parties that are wild if you do not want sex. It is **your worthless life** and responsibility to protect it. The best the police can do is investigate and find inconsistencies and suspicion in the timeline. They can prevent rape on the streets but once you bring relationships into the mix things get muddy.
the truth.
Of course it's not a thing.
/s
EQN didn't exist, there was only Landmark. Its like saying they should have canceled Minecraft Creative Mode not Survival Mode when survival didn't exist.
I still don't see how people give Sony a pass. Daybreak may have had many faults but it was one of the few bold companies left. Now we only have Bethesda sweet lies and Blizzard left. The rest is going to be the same shit over again.
Its clear that you know nothing.
I have to agree. It is always in a state of tension where the stakes are always high at every moment. Its the opposite to Chinese novels where protagonists are overpowered and win effortlessly as well as flaunt there power even if they are technically supposed to be the "underdog".
Please don't die from overwork!
TBG is pretentious assholes bait.
If you remove that what is even left? MMOs aren't released every day, even if they do they will be disappointing. The only thing this subreddit is powered by is an endless amount of grumbling and rants.
The problem in the first place is thinking that high quality posts can exist. High quality posts **about what**? The most popular thing here is one form or another of grumbling.
&gt; but are never up for more than a couple of days, because they get sidelined by things that are for all intents and purposes advertisements. That's the definition of unpopular. Even if you ban everything else and make this /r/truegaming light its clear they don't fucking care.
So why are you still here?
A subreddit is not **rules**, its a **community**, idiot. A moderator might try to steer a community in a particular direction with rules, but its a pointless endeavor if the community does not care and simply ignores it. What you want simply does not exist here currently.
&gt; MMOs being persistent isn't arbitrary. They're RPGs, which means you have a persistent character. All RPGs have persistent characters. Arbitrary. All RPGs end, roguelikes have permadeath, there is examples like Path of Exile or Diablo. &gt;MOBAs aren't similar to MMORPGs. They aren't anything like RPGs and they aren't anything like MMOs. You get gold and XP by killing mobs and players and increase your levels and get better gear. That's exactly 90% of the content of most MMOs. Its just a more compact form. &gt;Roguelikes specifically are not RPGs. Roguelikes are a subset of RPGs. The root of RPGs are Tabletop gaming and that has permadeath. It has a lot of things in common with RPGs actually. What it doesn't have is things in common with "adventure games" which is what people consider "RPGs" nowadays. They certainly have much more things in common with MMORPGs since story stuff isn't that important.
Do you know what would happen if you outright banned /r/gaming tomorrow? The reason the rest of the subs can exist is because there is one sub to drain the crap. On the other hand in a sub that isn't that big and there isn't that much discussion no matter how you bend it you are still going to get crap since the pool only had crap in the first place. Gaming has 14million subs, Games 768k subs, truegaming 145k, this subreddit has 46k. Do the math.
&gt; Genres are defined by **roughly** their mechanics. Emphasis added. That doesn't mean that you can't change things. MMOs are about having a shared world that people play in. Does not mean that world and characters has to be permanent. It does however has to last for enough time to get the kind of experience you expect out of a MMO. &gt;Permadeath means that death is permanent and unrecoverable. I have never played a tabletop RPG where there is no possible way to resurrect people. Does not change the fact that permadeath is in the rules of the game. A tabletop like D&amp;D is a very subjective game but you can't say permadeath wasn't intended for it, plenty of players do play and die by the whims of the dice. &gt;No, that's not 'an RPG'. DotA 2 is not an RPG. Nobody calls it an RPG except you. Stop misusing terminology. The endless question, "What is a RPG?", its subjective, its historic, doesn't mean you are correct. To call roguelikes not a RPG is to call games like Wizardry not a RPG which is pure idiocy. That is its very root. Like I said "RPGs" nowadays are much more like adventure games then what was oldshool rpgs in the past.
Is it multiplayer? Loadouts are overrated. When you can have everything it results in just a few viable builds with the rest trash. Its better to just have a few well designed and balanced classes. If you are single player you can however do the opposite. An interesting idea is to give the players some abilities randomly while having some way to develop their characters so that its about **adapting** to what you have.
&gt; A game in which players take on the roles of imaginary characters who engage in adventures, typically in a particular computerized fantasy setting overseen by a referee. Then what is an "Adventure Game"? Q.E.D.
They forgot breathing. Just imagine a newborn baby releasing that dark purple gas.
&gt; i might be harassed from time to time by Ge Silly bird is doing all the harassing not Ge. There is a pecking order: Lil' Miss &gt; Silly Bird &gt; Zuo Mo &gt; Wei &gt; Pu Yao &gt; Wei Sheng &gt; The Pets &gt; The Jidan Experts &gt; Vermilion Camp &gt; Guard Camp &gt; Golden Crow Camp &gt; Ling Plant Farmers &gt; The Dirt &gt; Enemy Xiuzhe.
The enemy xiuzhe are used as fertilizer for the dirt obviously. It doesn't matter what your cultivation is if you are dead.
What the writer has when writing a genius character is **the plot** in advance on what stuff happens and **time** to think on coming up with problems and solving them. It's not that hard.
I still don't understand how Super Hero comics still exist. Webfiction is simply so much better. You have consistent characters, a universe that makes sense and a actual plot with actual character development rather then constant stasis of nothing changing and no consequences.
Its a game made by "God" specifically to screw humanity.
One of the best use of random encounters is in attrition and resource management. Meaning limit the amount of health regeneration and the mana for the healers in one dungeon. In this case I suggest having enemies on the map since it gives the players a bit of control, you can add more enemies to rewards like chests and in bottlenecks when you really want that encounter and if you are feeling particularly evil you can add multiple enemies in a room which is unlikely to be dodged and highly risky. The enemies can respawn base on the map/level but keep them dead so that players have some control if they want to clear the map and get all the stuff. Highlight the map transition exits so the player knows what he gets himself into. Another thing that works well with this is swappable party members which can have their own health and mana. That way you can have more party members and they wouldn't be useless. Also in this kind of dungeon it should be Big so that the player is stressed but you can cut down on grinding since clearing the dungeon is challenge enough so be plentiful with XP.
Focus on one genre and learn everything about it. Game Design is really demanding on the knowledge part and there is no one trick that can save you. The more you know the less trial and error you have to do(also known as "prototyping"). The only thing you must understand is [what play is](http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/science/the-phylogeny-of-play.html).
**Write everything down** in a game design journal and have your thoughts down written easy and fast. Don't bother with game design documents this is **something personal for you**. You can use [Workflowy](https://workflowy.com/invite/1f6e8217.lnx) or other note keeping app and always have it open. If you don't write your thoughts down you might lose them forever! In addition find about **games that have**: Good Economics: Patrician 3, The Guild 2, Anno series, Impressions Games, Cultures/Northland, X3. Good Strategic AI Battles and Unit Design: Starsector, Total War(the older series), Sword of the Stars(first). Good Combat: Dark Souls, Skyrim with mods, Mount and Blade. Good Faction Design: Dominions 4, Endless Legend, Sovereignty crown of kings, HoMM. Note this examples are just what I have come up with at the top of my head, you should actively seek more.(In fact other users could suggest more) This is important to get a feel for what the AI can do and how to setup AI correctly. RTS design is very important in many types of games.
Give a concrete example on the game concept and where you are stuck and I will tell you how you can improve and how things fit together.
Trial and error is the foolish way towards knowledge. Exhaust your sources of knowledge first.
Absolutely this. Specialize on a genre. You can't learn everything instantly so learn deeply about a genre your project is in and learn everything about it. If you don't even learn the fundamentals of how a genre works any other source of inspiration will not help you.
The Dwarf Fortress system is great for the amount of options you have and the amount of simulation you can do even if its design is frankly bad. When the representation is just some tiles/ascii and text you can simulate everything with very little effort other then wast amount of code.
It probably won't work as you always need to design and code proper and robust systems. If you get too messy you will be boggled down eventually. However I am very much a believer in data and I find fascinating what you could do with a **search engine** with **tags** where you can bunch a couple of tags and get a bunch of results. I believe in "traits"(aka tags) should be labeled in everything. In the floors, in the walls, in the enemies, in the characters, in the items, in AI, in actions and attacks. Everything can have a trait and you can use them to search as binary switches as variable ranges or as even module blocks of code that fire in some specific functions. This is similar to SS13 datums. The more stuff you can cram in the more flexible and wierd things you can do. A great example on what you can do is Neo Scavenger crafting, items and skills/actions. Traits and Skills are in many good SRPGs and some more niche JRPGs and understanding the Rock Paper Scissors dynamics is essential.
Bla bla bla bla bla.
Wu is not a woman.
Do they buy a playstation or a xbox or a gaming PC? If not then that is not a core gamer. There is a clear line between those that do and those that don't. And in that case they should not affect the games intended for the audience that has those platforms. Its a specific market.
Adventure games have always been more about the writing and experience rather then the mechanics and have intentionally made the gameplay systems simple. Focusing on systems in an adventure game can double limit you. This is why I like to stick with genres where I know how things work and where to dig for good gameplay there. My advice is trash it and come up with something completely different. If you do too much wandering about you are wasting your time. When inspiration hits you will know it. Don't fix on only one concept. Design multiple concepts of games in parallel as a exercise. For example I do have more then 10 concepts in parallel and even if I design and prototype only a little and then stop the cross pollination for the various concepts helps tremendously. If you aren't designing [a few](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/51js3f/discussion_zero_sum_pvp_progression/), [wild](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4kcjhk/discussion_player_monsters/), [MMOs](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4osgm4/discussion_civilization_building/), [ideas](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4t3wtz/discussionmmo_army_battle_tactics/) for fun you aren't exercising enough. You don't have to be boggled down in details and fixated to much on them, go wild, you just have to write. Imagination is the most powerful tool as a designer. To play is to experience, so you can also simulate the experience of playing. What will you **DO** in a world with those **rules**?! Of course they **will not** work once you **implement them in code**, but it should help get the creative juices flowing. Implementation is just problems that you have to be understood and solve or work around and the solutions can be just as creative since constraints trigger even more the imagination. It might work it might not, dead ends do exist, either way you learn and grow. Don't be boggled down, be free. Either it works or it doesn't.
I like Dragon's Dogma traveling if things were a bit more dynamic. Shake things up and don't always have the same encounters and spawn chest more randomly. Have a few key locations you can bounce around and a few locations you can save and teleport to.
Whoosh.
Check raising sims as a genre like Princess Maker, Tale of Wuxia, Academagia for inspiration.
There is a good thread a couple of days ago with lots of stuff so check that out. https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/5p051b/what_are_some_actionable_steps_to_learn_game/
[Crit Points](https://critpoints.wordpress.com/archive/) has some posts on what is wrong with them(as well as some other youtuber darlings). Extra Credits comes out as some mediocre musings to just plain bad. And they have an agenda to push. There are far better channels out there then them.
AI vs AI arenas can be great for RPGs since they are more simple then strategy games and you can test builds and encounters. Rather then machine learning you can manually create some templates and create some power rankings based on that. In fact this is the only way to balance a system with a customizable free-form skill system like the Oblivion custom magic or games with lots of synergetic skills.
Player can be very creative if you give them the tools. Although you have to be careful about griefing and put some limits but if you properly incentivize them to your direction you can have a much richer world.
How about player achievements? Users create their own challenges with the help of a basic scripting language and editor and then have to complete it themselves. You then implement a rating system and give them some bonus/reputation for making that challenge. Where the participant can check the creator's reputation so that it is legit. You then assign a difficulty rating and a reward based on that rating for the completion, maybe with limited amount of tries or something. It is a game show so it makes perfect thematic sense for this kind of challenges. The game can then download and populate the world with this kind of challenges.
That's because they are scrubs.
There is no waste if you damn eat the apple.
&gt; and pro-kids. Nazi's were eugenicists and good propagandists. If they still existed they probably would come up with something like pro-choice.
There is very little roleplay in the servers I played. The more likely scenario is players do their "job" in getting any power they can get their hands on or autistically construct something if they are really special. Also more important is the job hierarchy with access and roles and thus the structure of government control. When you analyze what the actual players are "Doing" it isn't anything special that requires too much AI complexity.
If you are an indie you pretty much want procedural. In fact you want more code dependency rather then asset dependency.
Read the Theory of Fun. &gt; What are some common pitfalls that amateur developers fall into? Challenge. Especially in Sandbox,freeform or management style games.
What was the guy's project? Sounds interesting.
&gt; A small handmade amount of content that's great will be better to play But not sell.
&gt; Could we just say that it's okay even a game not have a very interesting mechanics? That's only the case if they have something else. Like story and stuff. Fancy effects and "feeling awesome" have a cost that is way beyond indies budget.
&gt; I think the cause of this issue has to do with difficulty. It has nothing to do with difficulty and everything to do with population dynamics. Basically you cannot guarantee anyone being there other then at endgame. There is no one to group.
You are forgetting strategy which is synonymous to how RPGs really work.
Not without some hard solutions. Permadeath can make leveling relevant especially with more streamlined leveling experience. MOBAs already have a leveling experience contained in a round so I don't see how we can't do something similar. Pair it with a lives system and roguelike class unlocks to make things not too difficult. Add in complex social and political ownership tied to your game you can make things really interesting. Permanent item durability loss is a must have concept for a working economy, higher power traded for lower durability would make using them more tactical where you can ensure the biggest profits.
Most games don't make anything. 500 is steep if you fail.
I don't see what's your problem. The floodgates were wide open since Greenlight. With better categorization it all becomes about niche markets which was always the only possible solution.
100$ is fine. They can't really fiddle with it otherwise you get the same problems like key resellers.
Credit Cards. The creatures are debt slaves until they pay off their debt. The matches also have a gambling element.
&gt; developing a game. Is just time. Time is not equal to money everywhere in the world. It's why you even got The Witcher 3 like that.
Guard vs Accuracy vs Reach vs Armor. Guard is a renewable resources that is the ability to actively defend yourself. The lower it is the higher the chance to be hit. Accuracy is the counterpart to guard and is used to target specific parts based on the weapons handling. A dagger will be the most accurate since you control it precisely with your hand with swords being the second best. While daggers have great accuracy you will be chopped to pieces long before you reach them as they don't have good defensive handling(translated into guard) and you can't use the attacks until you are in reach. Armor is just straight that. Real plate armor laughs at cutting weapons, in that they are pretty much straight up invulnerable. So targeting weakpoints in the armor through having high accuracy becomes important. Or using blunt force weapons. Wounds can be handled like in Dwarf Fortress through material simulation. Also simulating blunt trauma becomes more important. As you can see all those factors are in a precarious balance. This is what I come up with researching HEMA. Also grappling is OP.
&gt; but I wonder if the developers there would be interested in transitioning their code. Don't underestimate the desperation of the SS13 community! **Anything** can be better then fucking Beyond. &gt;The good news is that Space Station 13 is probably easier to become a mobile game which gives you access to a larger audience. You have no idea what you are talking about. They are incompatible with the mobile market. They are weaponized autism.
Just end the game.
What is important is to make a worthy game. Just because a person makes 300$ instead of 3000$ dollars a month from their job doesn't mean that their time and passion isn't equal.
&gt; Nethack &gt; &gt; Ultimately this game is 100% about learning and decision-making. But your character still progresses.
Why would you even do this? Defense has its right place. And you can even have multiple damage types so no one defense is universal. Defense is the most important place where you can add depth to RPG like combat system. Those who played Japanese Strategy RPGs know how important a Rock Paper Scissors style system for attack and defense is.
&gt; These guards would be balanced with the power of two or three players a piece, making them not something you want to tango with unless you've got a raid backing you up in a war. Guards can have a support role but I wouldn't trust them to handle an intentional raid. Just like I wouldn't even trust defending players to handle it. Players are good at finding weakness thus the necessity of overwhelming automatic invincible firepower through towers. You don't just want for enemy players to just be able to walk in willy-nilly and start messing things up when the city has open access for trading. Conquering a city shouldn't be a easy thing to do.
It's an interesting take but I fear that anything that isn't defended well will go down in flames. Open world PvP isn't that merciful.
Septerra Core has some of the most unique art I have ever seen in a game. Old 90's manga/anime fantasy art is also excellent. Maybe rock'n'roll/metal themed 90's western fantasy art is also good. Nowadays everything is boring cartoony WoW clones,Korean MMO super beauties or generic anime art. In fact because you are unique you can actually be cheaper to produce since you can get away with less fidelity to differentiate yourself. Other inspiration is medieval wool clothing. If you stop using "leather armor" which historically was useless anyway it frees you up in using more cloth based. And padded cloth unlike leather **was** actual armor. Its the reason Samurai games have the advantage since they can use the casual kimono without thinking about armor.
Just use materials and shading.
It's not so much the AI as the level design is garbage. You can't do much in either overly narrow corridors or open world maps. FEARs labyrinthine levels had just the right proportions.
####*Into the trash.*
&gt;why don't we just make the enemy strength scales with the player level? Scaling makes leveling unsatisfying far earlier. You continuously string them along with garbage, that is enough. Max level unlocks the apocalyptic level abilities and the end game balances around those abilities. Anything more is garbage.
It begins. Hiatus X Hiatus.
Check out SPAZ, SPAZ2 and Starsector. They have pretty good ship, weapon design and abilities. The problem with space games is there is no terrain you can use. The advantage of space games is formation and positioning. Even if you are an arcade game you can still give enemies some elements of positioning. Having good enemy design can be even better then what you can personally do, just look at shmups.
There is still no good Space Station 13 clone. It's a doable project with some effort and knowledge of networking.
&gt;Factorio is very good game, but I did not find purpose of this game. You are just getting resources and build machines to get another resources. Yeah but if you add RTS combat to it it could be interesting. With something like Earth 2150 units, more limited resources and some tower defense style automation you would have a interesting strategy game that plays on a open world and you control fully the production chain and logistics like fuel and ammunition.
Even if it existed you cannot rely on it. Marriage is a contract. It should be made solid and uphold regardless of feelings at the moment. It exist as a contract precisely because relationships can get messy.
Luo Luo we will miss you!
**You always have to remember that failure in games is feedback.** Failure is a natural process of learning. This is the case even in roguelikes. Now **you can** implement bigger "consequences" as long as you also give avenues for players to "train" in safe environments.
What I mean is you can have quests where "princess can die due to time" and have other quests that are not that demanding and the player just learns the game.
&gt; If one wants to spend 48 hours working in a sprint on "more complex design ideas", what's stopping you? Why is the format of a contest even remotely important? Compete against yourself. Call it solitaire. That implies I don't: https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/6apk18/ai_procedural_dungeon_delving/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/68l53g/brainstorm_roleplay_mechanics_and_systems/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/67ad51/mmo_army_battle_tactics_design/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/67arbi/mmo_army_defense_and_logistics/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/62ysnd/mmorpgplayer_run_dungeons/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/625onl/challenge_politics_court_intrigue_fantasy_world/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/55stt0/procedural_simulated_world/ https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/51js3f/discussion_zero_sum_pvp_progression/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/4yq2w5/a_true_space_exploration_game_is_user_generated/ https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4kcjhk/discussion_player_monsters/ https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4osgm4/discussion_civilization_building/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/4faory/any_ideas_on_an_infinite_power_progression_system/ The problem I have is there is nobody else doing this. The problem with solitaire is that you are alone. And if you do things alone even if you share them people just don't "get it" and don't generate any discussion. The fact is to generate a meaningful discussion the other party has to have a shared involvement or hype and has to put in the work in thought and research. Which is why doing this as a competition with a shared topic is ideal.
The bad thing about set classes is that implies **leveling**. And leveling is a big problem in MMOs because its straight out broken where you get level scaling or buying to max level. With skills you can have something like in Ultima I believe where you can have a maximum pool of skill points and skills that are not used decay. &gt;As it stands, I've been making lists of skills under the categories of the Classic 3: Warrior/Rogue/Mage (it's a fantasy setting). I've renamed them to Powerful, Skillful, and Insightful though, respectively. The skills themselves are unofficially categorized (again) as pretty much Tank, DPS, or Support (the other Trinity to compliment the Classic 3). They range from general to more specific, and some are passive while others are active. The "Holy Trinity" is really boring and limited design. Tactics RPGs have long ago surpassed them by just implementing multiple damage types and abilities that defend. I have gone in a previous thread how to make [more interesting classes](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/67ad51/mmo_army_battle_tactics_design/). With some simple fundamental abilities for classes you can do much more interesting things. It all boils down into some form of defense,positioning and organization. The problem with healers in games that have them is you balance around the healer making the healer a requirement in any party. Its better to balance the parties without the healer and giving the healer vulnerability and limitation in what they can do. That means there should exist strategies that defeat healer based strategies. The combat might be over before the healers can steadily heal.
Because winds change and they follow the money.
*Hype.*
If you want to make a MMO as an indie you have to think like an indie. You need to reach a good gameplay loop fast, usually in the form of an arena or battlegrounds style combat and that you build things around while cutting everything else. Or alternatively you ca go the Minecraft or Landmark route of cooperatively building stuff. Initially you don't even need progression or gear or any other maps. If in your game you have 2 players fighting and you can make things interesting and you can slowly add and balance more classes over time. If you cut everything else from BDO or Blade and Souls and have only the PvP dueling it would still be a worthy game. With sieges and battlegrounds at the very least you can provide the PvP experience for relatively cheap. So breaking things down what is absolutely required: Networking and engine for the characters to appear on screen. Game Design and coders to create good combat and character artists and animators to work on animating the characters. Level design, sound,music,UI you can get away with more limited development and buying assets. Eventually you will expand to your larger world with your own design philosophy but you need to have a base otherwise money may run out and you just become vaporware. From what I have seen of the new Indie crop they focus too much on economy and high level design. Crowfall had a beta demonstrating the battles but I'm not sure they got the classes right yet. Life is Medieval started out small with one map on a server until they scaled to a MMO.
Because they disappoint me. If they worked on their own I wouldn't have to do this.
Whatever stalker. &gt; You've just sat around and vomited half-baked ideas on Reddit and pretended that makes you a game designer. I agree they are just half baked ideas. But even half baked ideas require thinking. You guys aren't doing any thinking at all. You call yourselves game designers **but where are your projects**? Cause I don't find any here. Even a shitty game designer have some games they are working on. What are you working on? Scared I'll steal your idea?
All conspiracy forums are infiltrated and controlled even from the early days of the internet. Nobody is going to feed you the truth, you do your own research and make up your own mind. Otherwise you are just as asleep and manipulated as everyone else.
Come on! No Yudia option as best wife?!
&gt; A piece of armor that reduces damage by 50% and a piece of armor that doubles your health ultimately do the same thing. Not with healing. This is basically how tanks work in the holy trinity. Healing 100 health to a tank with good armor is a different value then healing 100 health on the DPS. Ultimately all the formulas and all the stats are about this kind of interactions even if they have similar roles.
That's basically the raising sim genre. Check out Princess Maker, Tale of Wuxia and Academagia. Basically how it works is you have a time limit and a schedule and a number of endings. How you train,grow and navigate the list of events is what endings you get. Some events may have specific requirements and may unlock different abilities. You are correct that it doesn't need much coding but it can be tricky game design wise. It is also can be pretty demanding on writing. Punch club is how you can get things wrong.
&gt; because you didn't think to put it to paper. This. Always write everything down, including analysis. Its only after I started writing everything down did I realize how important it is.
;}
&gt; hate steep vertical progression as opposed slower progression vertically Any progression no matter how fast or slow will have an endgame. Endgame is the inevitability of populations maturing until you reach the cap and thus "group content" **evaporating** outside of the max level content.
You want no endgame? * Permadeath. * Seasonal Server Resets. * Permanent items durability loss. * Skill decay with maximum skill pool. * Level scaling/syncing. * Expansions with level cap raise. Pick your poison. Even fucking EVE has an endgame.
&gt;The progression that has everyone want to linearly progression through the entire game like a single player RPG where you want to experience all the content possible as opposed to rushing to the latest end game. That fails from the start. Sanbox or bust.
&gt; Rift. Secret World. Elder Scrolls Online. Wildstar. SWTOR. All of them tried to be the Next Big Thing (tm), and all of them fell far short of the mark. Sanbox or bust.
Good enough to me.
&gt; I think it may need to be like SAO (a neural interface as the medium) Because of speed of light. Nope. Latency is impossible to overcome. Networks might improve and servers might be localized but it still needs to be adapted and managed.
&gt; Archeage and BDO You have no idea what a Sandbox MMO is. Just because they have some extra "activities" does not make them a Sandbox MMO. A Sandbox MMO means the users generate their own content and conflict in a complex dynamic society. It means they are not waiting for developers to slowly drip feed them content. And that's not even getting into the fact that they are grindy p2w abominations. &gt;but the simple fact is that there apparently aren't enough of them to support a AAA game. So we should have supported more p2w cashgrabs that are pretending to be sandbox mmos to prove our "loyalty" or something? Is that your solution? Let me make things clear: ##We have no fucking games to support. All we have is kickstarter or early access vaporware. Just like Landmark vaporized itself.
What about the context of not selling at all?
&gt; a big step up from the "wannabe" masses What's the point if your still dead? My opinion is there are ways to play things smart if you [pay attention](http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/LarsDoucet/20170509/297708/What_I_learned_playing_quotSteamProphetquot.php), sharpen your instincts on what kind of games the market wants and research what kind of games you need.
&gt; What I'm suggesting is that a designer and an ideas guy are not necessarily the same thing. By definition the game designer creates game ideas. I do not care what kind of strawman the "ideas guy" is, what I care about is people keep treating ideas as garbage. There are no really wrong ideas as you can get a lot of insights and knowledge with proper analysis even if they don't work in that particular context. What doesn't work can tell you more about things then what does work.
&gt; they have good judgement and design knowledge, which is an actual fucking field of academic study That's precisely my point. They can use knowledge for their ideas to create a more complete core gameplay loop. Richard Garriott had a whole book of design notes for the Ultima series. Ever game designer worth his salt has a backlog with 10+ projects that are passively and slowly working on. The greatest tool a designer has is analysis because you can look at the success and failure of others. A game idea project has a very slow maturation process of continuous research, testing and careful journaling. They are all ideas. But an idea that matured for 5 years is the most precious thing a game designer can have. Rushing headlong into trail and error and production is the biggest mistake I keep seeing Indies make. Its why studios like Arcen Games almost got killed. I keep crawling the Steam library for interesting games and I can only judge their design as poor regardless of their production values. The only big success are engineering sandbox and simulations that live on a fancy gimmick system that the programmer was enchanted to program. The thing is all this things could be solved. If you wanted to make a particular game in a genre, if you researched properly the game in that genre you would at the very least have the knowledge to clone the most successful game in that genre game design wise even if you would not have the same production values. With even a bit more research and a little bit of testing you can improve that clone. Game Design is a knowledge bound skill. That means trail and error for 3-5 years to see the success of the project is the least effective method in developing that skill. Wake up! Indies are dying everywhere. Releasing games are not enough. In fact with Kickstarter and Early Access its counterproductive(look at Arcen), promising ideas is all you do. This is the environment you have to thrive in.
For game designers a journal is the most important things to have. Write everything down, your thoughts, your ideas, document what works and especially what doesn't. It's important to be fast and flexible with it and not be boggled down in anything. I recommend something like [workflowy](https://workflowy.com/invite/1f6e8217.lnx) because its easy to keep a tab open, write your thoughts fast and detail and organize later. Charts, spreadsheets, drawings and so on are fine to add but they are a pain to set up immediately. Text is your biggest friend here. You don't want to miss your inspiration and you always want to note concepts you find on the internet like in articles or videos. Outside of game design, obviously you should use information you find to organize just like you use it for game design. You should already be doing this for game design so there is no additional cost.
&gt; but not actually achieving that competition. Because its unprofitable. The competitive scene is in a precarious balance and that is the best thing you can have. The fact that there is any competitive support is already a miracle.
**Open World RTS** I think is a interesting thing to explore that might solve some of the problems the current genre has. With the pursuit of competitive aspects of RTS and the focus on micromanagement a lot of the fun was lost. What RTS [used to have](http://www.ultimaratioregum.co.uk/game/2013/09/07/real-time-strategy-level-design/),[[2]](http://www.ultimaratioregum.co.uk/game/2014/04/27/real-time-strategy-level-design-ii/) is interesting campaigns with puzzle like maps exploring various aspects of your resources and units, planning and targeting the enemy weakness. What Open World games do is give you the freedom to tackle the challenges on your own pace. I think the best format for a Open World RTS is a campaign of about 8-20 hours on a relatively big map but not infinite with seeded resources and enemy placement but with a more passive AI and a clear objective you have to achieve. I think the player does not necessarily have to lose, and in a more easy difficulty they won't have to tackle being actively hunted or have to face a time limit to achieve their objective. For my game idea I will take inspiration from games like Factorio which could already considered an Open World RTS but that doesn't have much of an enemy opposition, but the logistics,resource management and base building is exactly what we would want. Earth 2150 has very interesting unit design and the campaign structure of a rush for resources to escape from the doomed earth is exactly around what objectives we want, it also contains the underground layers that have interesting strategic properties. SW: Empire at War for the various abilities,units and mechanics. Brigador for mech and weapon design and awesome aesthetics and destruction. In our case lets say the goal is to build a big spaceship that requires to control resources of 70% of map to build it and that the enemy is also building a space ship that you have to impede in completion through sabotage. You can research and build components to the ship and can have a ultimate showdown between the two and your other forces. One big problem with RTS and especially the case in a Open World RTS is creating a invincible super powered blob that would wipe everything out so solve this we need some concepts. Statics defenses can **strictly defeat** mobile forces but are weak to logistical attacks and infiltration. Mobile forces are also limited logistically on the kind of forces they can bring and can be detected and cause alerts. Any given area has limited amount of resources and stockpiles in which to create new units, ammunition and utilize energy and which requires periodic supplies that can be raided. Transports and mobile defenses are also limited. With this you have a wide range of options to tackle a specific location. You can infiltrate stealthily and sabotage key locations commandos style so that you can impede or weaken the defenses enough to bring your forces. You can skirmish and raid their supply lines to stop their repairs and slowly starve them. Continuous harassment will trigger to bring their mobile forces to defend their supply routes with them having the defender advantage of static defenses in that area. **What you do have as an advantage as an attacker** is analyzing your enemy emplacement and planning with bringing the right forces to do the job. The enemy emplacement is like puzzle you have to solve. You could invest the maximum of forces and resources available but even then you would be limited and you are in a race to be as efficient as possible in the shortest amount of time. To facilitate this there are a couple of concepts to pain things in broad strokes. ####Artillery, Shields, Anti Air, Underground and Industry. **Artillery** are Big static defenses that are placed on the side of mountains and have really wide spanning ranges with artillery trajectories. They are also basically nukes. Any big sized vehicles or blobs are toast if detected and in range. You can attack with an army of ants but that means you are weak to more conventional defense and enemy mobile forces. Artillery placed in a valley can be a difficult challenge and the ability to traverse mountains are only for small units and air vehicles. Artillery on plane ground is less effective since it can be possible to be more targeted and severely more limited range. **Shield generators** protect an area from any particle/laser weapons. They do not effect projectiles or unit mobility. Obviously particle weapons can be powerful with large ranges. There are some special mobile big sized vehicles that have a shield generator but they are more limited in their effectiveness then static ones. **Anti Air** is a big laser that wipes all air vehicles in a wide range. Air vehicles have more limited effectiveness in this game by design. **Underground** can bypass all defenses like artillery but demands high logistical support. It's very weak to mobile forces as it can very easily be bottlenecked because of the space and structure of corridors and has a hard limit on the size of the unit that can enter it. It can cause labyrinth wars where many passages are created. They can also be used for ambushes, resource stockpiles and secret bases. Tunnels can be collapsed with explosives for a limited area. There also 4 height levels in total corresponding to plain,hill,valley and mountain. Rivers are inaccessible on that level's underground height and sea and rivers on the plain level are strictly inaccessible through underground. **Industry** is basically Factorio like industrialization, harvesting and transporting resources and transforming them into parts, components, buildings and ultimately mobile forces. They are areas you set up to construct things, research things and that you have to carefully defend. To facilitate the transportation of logistics you can **create train tracks and roads by special vehicles** that automatically construct things along a path you can set up on a map. You can then construct the trains and vehicles requires to move your resources,supplies and units around. The tracks and roads are indestructible(because they would be trivial to repair) but things like bridges and tunnels would be vulnerable. Trains and roads can be placed up to the level of the valley height level and require tunnels to move beyond the mountain height level. You can also construct more specialized industrial areas for military purposes as part of the base for that zone, and **processing that special zone's resource** to be brought back to more developed industrial bases. ####Unit and vehicle designs and size: **Troops and small mechs** that are used for infiltration and high mobility and terrain traversal with jetpacks and grappling hooks and can utilize cover of the environment for protection. They can be used to place detonation charges but can be quickly mowed down by heavy attack power. Can fight bigger unit sized patrols and small skirmishes. **Various tanks,mechs and vehicles** with various roles that are based on conventional RTS design. All **air vehicles** are also balanced around this level so that in zones without Anti Air they can be highly effective. **Big slow moving strategic vehicles** that the opponent is aware of its movement. Transport carriers and mobile bases, shield generators and mobile defense and artillery but less effective then their static counterparts. Their toast against enemy artillery and their traversal on the various terrains is severely limited. **The Big Spaceship** once constructed would have the shield generator negating the effectiveness of anti air defenses(you still get some damaged) and able to transport and construct a large number of forces and move through all terrain. Its the big payoff. The ship however can be boarded functioning similar to its own underground base level and its vulnerabilities. If both ships get destroyed through a last ditch effort the game results in a draw.
&gt;Continuation The map has various biomes with the importance being placed on the 4 height levels. The 4 levels are a threshold so the actual geometry may be more varied and flexible but they are delimited into the 4 underground levels. Seas are also a good transport route faster then trains but vulnerable to enemy air attacks and mobile forces on the sea. **For the AI challenge we can do some interesting.** Given a seed of a map that generates the map and since the victory condition demands about 70% of the resources on the map to be controlled and developed the winner can be directly uploaded to be the next challenge and people could rate and select what kind of challenges they like. Furthermore if the player has the same tools for automation and responses just like the opponent AI has because his awareness is limited anyway we can give them tools to script and trigger specific responses. Setup waypoints, patrol paths and designate areas as important taking into account the static defenses,supply lines and available forces in local areas. When uploading the challenge they can also do more editing and scripting on it to polish it a bit. **The player would fight against other players previous setup that achieved victory.** The Player would start small with a safe timer in which they can freely develop unchallenged and with some initial resources on hand. Their technology would be basic until they manage to get more unique resources from raiding the enemy controlled areas and reverse engineering enemy technology. The enemy would have the initial map control with all their structures placed but their development would be frozen until the safety time expires. After which the enemy will slowly develop the spaceship but as the player controls more of the map balance will eventually tilt in favor of the player. This bring a possibility with the advantage the enemy has initially both could eventually complete their spaceship. The AI would play passively only protecting and repairing their initial setups and sometime using their mobile forces on the attack but they will not create new complex bases from scratch nor can they challenge too much the static defenses of the player. Because of the complexity of static defenses and the fact that any mobile forces are strictly inferior to static defenses this is pretty much impossible for an AI on their own. The resources would be organize in tiers with more basic and common resources more freely available. The reason you have to control 70% map is because of the various rare resources spread around that you need, with the more rarer the resource the more valuable for high level technology and more need for protection. The AI would protect the most valuable resources as the highest priority.
They both probably have a form of the intellectual sword so the more they fight the more they understand each other. The more likely case is a draw and a romantic scene at the end.
I think Guild Wars 2 has the right balance between tab targeting and action. It just needs proper classes and abilities design to go with it from tactics rpgs.
At the very least if they are going to pull this out they should at least open source the code and track their progress by commits.
You can if you make a good Space Station 13 clone on a good engine. Just saying there is a big community out there that might be willing to throw money at you. Especially if its open source.
&gt; Personally I'm a big advocate for using developer wikis instead of a traditional design docs because of the way you can just cross reference and organize information better than a 100 page PDF. That might be overkill depending on the size of your mod though. Dammit why do I keep having to recommend [workflowy](https://workflowy.com/invite/1f6e8217.lnx). I already have 111 referrals, I am like a walking advertisement. Its even easier to organize then a wiki. You can keep a tab open and add your thoughts on fast and detail and organize later.
&gt; able to sync documents between computers and my phone [Workflowy](https://workflowy.com/invite/1f6e8217.lnx) is a website so nothing to sync.
What genre the game is in? Research **all that genre**. When you understand enough to clone a game in that genre then you are good enough to have an idea on what to do for your project.
Yea. Its all pointless if the abilities don't have group dynamics, positioning, strengths and weaknesses between the classes. Its my opinion that even the holy trinity is stone age backwards compared to Tactics RPGs/SRPGs.
It's saying developers who can do everything by themselves or have the right connections may succeed while those who don't have everything aren't even on the starting line.
Should have organized things better and advertise more. It's meant to have a full week of time to create not just a day. I'll at least stick around and comment what is posted.
&gt; or to match specific known hazards That's my perspective also. Generating passive challenges that you have to navigate,prepare and making it somewhat like a puzzle. Pikmen also has a timer which I also found important. &gt;settle down in a relatively small area and only branch out by necessity (a la factorio). If the resources in order to progress technologically and face bigger challenges are set all over the map in enemy territory this should happen naturally. One interesting option is to do some raiding of enemy resources and parts that you wouldn't be able to process at your current level to give you a small boost in the form of more high level units. I think technology and research should be in a more free form. Just like in Breath of the Wild you can get high level weapons early but they eventually break. Since both sides would utilize complex engineering machine for the creation of units and parts you should have some overlap you can utilize. Maybe even have a salvage system where parts can be gotten randomly from units. Cogmind is like this and based on infiltration.
Battle Brothers handled weapons and armor as best as you can get with their own trade-offs. Any more realistic and you are in for pain as weapons become complete garbage against armor.
That's basically roguelikes with an economy, crafting and maybe some business management aspects. In fact I was already thinking of an idea around [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/6apk18/ai_procedural_dungeon_delving/).
Interesting stuff. What kind of end goal does the player has? And what kind of opponents and challenges would they face?
This is an interesting video I found that needs more exposure and shows why Take Two did what they did.
What is interesting is if it could be made as an MMORPG. In the novel it had parties and guilds competing with each other. I had an [old post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/5ply13/dynamic_difficulty_balancing_in_mmos/dcsfd5n/?context=3) about gating instead of instancing the dungeon that was somewhat inspired by the novel. Also Overlord novel's player made dungeons with monster players is another awesome idea.
So you want everyone to be part of the base but in the world where bases are rare?
&gt;Have you guys ever come across a game that has a perfect (in your terms), or near perfect way of implementing life skills? It's very simple. You just have to be a single player game. In a singleplayer game you get access to the resource called **time** that you can fast forward, skip forward and plan schedules. Given a time limit it means all those activities have a cost and efficiency to navigate. Princess Maker games work like this. Tale of Wuxia and Academagia are also notable examples in this raising sim genre. As for MMOs usually what you can make interesting is the harvesting part through monster drops and exploration and secrets. But the processing/crafting usually can't be that interesting and you are better of if it has the role of a sidejob. If your economy is really complex you also might get exclusive traders and managers. But you should be warned that if the economy is that complex you will probably have boring,dead end jobs, yes the much praised SWG also had its own problems. There is also the Space Station 13 route that has jobs but no grinding but that is a different format entirely.
Yes we know what Depth is. Still does not mean you are right.
**Emergence boiled down is just a combination explosion.** There is nothing "unintentional" about it, there is no magic and the developer does not have to be blind and make funky rituals to achieve it. It's system interacting with systems. How it works is a system generates some state(possibility space). If two systems interact then their state multiplies together: state X state. Pile up the systems and you can get: state X state X state X state X state ==&gt; A combination explosion. Why is it called a combination explosion? If we give every systems a concrete number of states like 100 then: 100 X 100 X 100 X 100 X 100 == 10.000.000.000 possible states when combined. Now all of this is not all fun since finding systems that interact well with each other and something not going horribly wrong is hard work. Which is the most likely cases in which you find this is inspired by real world engineering like circuitry and physics simulation. While we are at it the definition of **depth** in games is also easy to define. If the **complexity** of the game is the total amount of possibility space(the above number of states), then **depth** is just amount of **viable** possibility space. What **viable** means is that it has some uses in a particular context so that if the player chooses it he would be better of in reaching his goal in wining or objective. In other words his decisions are meaningful(the whole saying "games are a series of interesting decisions"). How you make the possibility space is through **balancing** the various strategies,systems,units,builds and playstyles between each other, **its all hard work and no shortcuts**. Furthermore increasing the possibility space can actually decrease the viable possibility space by making available **degenerate strategies** that are better then any other strategy, thus it is no longer a choice. Further furthermore in a **non-competitive** game you can sidestep degenerate strategies as long as they can be excluded in some form. There is a so called **difficulty threshold** that corresponds to the amount viable strategies as long as the player has a way to exclude always playing the degenerate strategies. In other words you can get **replayabilty** of the game through **exploring** different **builds**. In this non-competitive games with a set difficulty threshold is how you can focus on a more **free-form exploration** and **player ingenuity** and **creativity**. Path of exile is the best example in exploring different builds, they have set difficulty challenges in which the different builds are viable. Furthermore with a resource system that still values lower tiered rewards for a shared account, the builds do not have to reach the highest level of difficulty and be satisfied in their role in the lower levels. Heartstone is the best example of **failing this** since you while you have the option of creating various decks it is a **competitive game** thus what is **viable is set** into a limited number of **meta decks**. Changing the systems and factors through patches and expansions that affects the viable possibility space is what is refereed as **changing the meta**.
As long as you don't copy the art and names of creatures,races,skills and lore. For example there is a trademark on the Beholder I belive. Tabletop RPGs need to be adapted for computers anyway so as long as its just some pieces of mechanics its fine.
The have trademarks on things like beholders, mindflayers, halfings. Probably even the kobolds in the draconic ancestry instead of the dog ancestry. This are trademarks not copyrights. But in general you don't have to worry too much as you can come up with similar creatures and maybe change the names. &gt;Skills, too. I am thinking along the lines of if you copy the system wholesale with the same stats,same formulas, same skills that have the exact same rules on the same classes. If the system is "licensable" then there must exist something to be licensed. Even if it has no legal standing and only in the imagination of WoC, WoC can still pursue in legal action which you don't want. But in general you don't have to worry to much. If it really was such a problem then nothing would exist. A good example is to analyze the SPECIAL from old Fallout to the GURPS system that was "inspired" from to see what kind of difference was between the two.
Probably print it and play it as a tabletop or using those virtual tabletop engines.
&gt; Player dungeons would be a race to see who can abuse game mechanics to get easy drops. There are ways to [systematize them](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/62ysnd/mmorpgplayer_run_dungeons/) and keep them in balance with the players.
&gt; a neutral third party whose main objective is to create good gameplay. And you find the solution. Make the dungeon masters the third party. If dungeons are a **big investment** that can be **lost** that requires a guild with months of work in order to build. And if once built you place the dungeon masters on their own **progression path** tied to the dungeon independent from those pesky **lower existences** then there would be no conflict of interest. In fact in a Sandbox MMO it is this exact structure of multiple independent groups that act as independent forces that are needed to provide the conflict and gameplay.
&gt; Gaming culture has shifted away from the notion of the genre as a whole. It's funny because some media has shifted towards MMOs. Things like litRPG movement, things like Tower of God that has a game like structure. &gt;anything that people can get from an MMO they can get better elsewhere. There is one thing people forgot that MMOs can do, Worlds. The ultimate escapism. &gt;Ultimately I think that the golden age of the MMO has passed. It hasn't even begun because people failed to realize their true potential. It is inevitable that eventually people will find it, in the past it may have been because of the technology, in the present people are blind, but there is a future, it jus won't be anytime soon.
&gt; Who is the dungeon master? A player? Think of the top guild able to clear the final raid in other MMOs, only with that level of work and achievement you can create one. After which you unlock a new progression path with your dungeon, "an endgame above the endgame". But once you create it you enter in a competitive environment with the other top guilds with their own dungeons that are out to exploit you and possibly destroy you. The new progression path I mentioned? That's what it is based on. **It's simply the survival of the fittest.** I don't mind helping your friends, **if you can risk it**.
An enemy with no hit/pain animation. Well that is also something to keep in mind outside of the health thing.
It's not so much the health as it is the fact that you defeat it through mindless repetitive actions(including shooting). An enemy with large health can be a good challenge testing various skills against the enemy's various movesets and attack patterns. It can also lead to frustration when you do too little damage **for the effort you invest in**.
I go into more detail in that thread if you read it fully. &gt;The way I see it, why not just let dungeons be open to players? They do. That's the main form of the content. The dungeon masters want to attract players so that they can generate more crystals. But there are checks and balances. If they become too popular and not properly defended all those resources generated can get raided. &gt;There would be some questions, like how do you make sure that people can make low-level experiences without having high-level players just camp the dungeon and take all your money? The dungeons have multiple levels. The challenge is provided with a power pool that you use for monsters and traps that increase as you go deeper with boss floors at every 5th levels that has a much larger power pool. Higher tier monsters and higher tier resources naturally become available the deeper you go. &gt;And how do you make sure that people don't go all the way through a really difficult dungeon to find no reward? Rewards in other levels are provided at the discretion of dungeon masters within the power pool limit of the floor. But once you conquer down to that absolutely deepest level is what is considered a "raid". You hurt the dungeon heart on that level and collect a proportion of crystals that was collected that are coveted by other dungeon types and top guilds. This can also kill a dungeon eventually. Rewards are pretty much a non issue since dungeons are in competition with each other so if they pull this shit you just have better alternatives the players can go to. &gt;the loot dropped by any players that die. It's not their loot that is important to the dungeon masters, its their life itself that facilitates the generation of crystals. Crystals are the most important resource in the whole game as it is necessary for the growth of dungeons , the crafting of legendary level artifacts and the creation of new dungeons by guilds that don't have one yet or got destroyed. Loot for a dungeon master is spare change. &gt;the mention of things like fire dungeons vs. earth dungeons is just detail, It's not detail because a fire dungeon cannot generate earth crystals and cannot trade for crystals. The only way to get **crystals** of **different types** is **exclusively from raids**. That means you have to actively hurt another dungeon and compete. Its the main principle from which the whole system is built around.
Doesn't look like its a real-time strategy game. There have been turn based strategy games that could considered to have an "open world" relatively speaking like the 4X genre or Grand Strategy. But the topics was about RTS.
&gt; Crystals: As I understand it, the general goal behind these is that they're the main resource of the game, right? Your character raids dungeons to get their crystals, and your dungeon generates crystals for you, but then other players can take those crystals, so you have to defend it properly? It's the "Endgame" of top guilds or guilds that already have dungeons. A dungeon of one **elemental type**(fire) can generate a crystal of that type(fire crystal) based on popularity and some other factors. To grow a dungeon it requires a variety of elemental types. &gt;The procedural generation stuff is a bit.. eh. I don't really see the point. It's so that you can make a fast mock up and make things unpredictable from time to time. It's just making available **a wide selection of tools**. They can still modify things obviously after the procedural generation is done. &gt;Elements: I can't really comment on this, I think it's something that you would have to try first. I think getting down the basics into a really solid form is good first, then start thinking about expanding it into variants like this. The mechanism is fundamental to make things work. &gt;I'm personally only interested in player-created content of this form in the context of a 'proper' MMORPG. "Dungeon Keeper Online" sorts of ideas are cool, but I'd rather think about them in the context of a more regular sandbox MMORPG that happened to have player-owned housing, guild-owned housing, etc. that could be used underground (or not, in fact, as why would dungeons have to be underground?). It can work in a more general MMO, obviously what I focused is a more **specific idea**. What is important is to have a proper **structure** that balances dungeon masters and players. &gt;it's a good systematised dungeon-keeper-as-a-competitive-multiplayer-game idea. Well that's what player dungeons are. &gt;basing rewards on some sort of algorithmic estimation It explicitly has no algorithmic estimation. The maximum power pool for a floor is standardized. The level 1 of any dungeon's maximum difficulty is the same. Everything is permitted within the limit of the power pool. You can intentionally make things easier however to be more popular. Again its a balance. To be fair to me rewards for normal players are pretty much a **solved issue**. &gt;guild fortresses with dungeons are a good idea, Even dungeons guilds can interact with others since they need multiple parties to hire them for raids or defend their dungeon. &gt;Guild fortresses should exist for reasons other than just pomp and glory, I think. My idea is that dungeons also have a specialty like earth dungeons get more advanced crafting or water dungeons get Pokemon style monster breeding for more unique monsters. And generally have their own special classes and equipment like darkness dungeons having Liches, Vampires and undead. **Hopefully I clarified some things. Don't want to bother you too much.**
&gt; If we go by your figure of 1%, then only 1% of the top raiders who are eligible to create content will do so. Not really. Everyone can eventually reach it and anyone who is competent will naturally rise to the top. They also must first have to learn how dungeons work before they can create them. The problem with content creation is not that people don't create stuff. It's that people create garbage and you need a system to filter it. &gt; how likely is this to appeal to players? 9000% &gt;How likely is it that anyone makes this game? In a more indie roguelike aesthetics(Dungeons of Dreadmore,ADOM) its actually not that hard. If you can create a diablo clone and have good networking you can create this. It has even been tried unsuccessfully in a form with the title "The Mighty Quest For Epic Loot" by Ubisoft. &gt;This idea doesn't work because it's not fun for the playerbase. What is fun for the playerbase in your opinion? Waiting ages for the next expansion to come out?
&gt; Or is the entire game these player-owned dungeons, perhaps with a few entry-level developer-made dungeons? If the dungeon masters need players to play their dungeons since they generate crystals from them.... the obviously they want to accommodate them. Yes in my idea its only player dungeons and a hubworld only. But even in a more traditional MMO, dungeons can be a resource of unique monsters drops and special harvesting spots that they can't get from anywhere else in the world. Since its the most prominent content for endgame it would also be the biggest source of endgame loot on the deeper floors of the dungeon. &gt; perhaps with a few entry-level developer-made dungeons? All player dungeons should be entry level since difficulty is based on floor depth. Dungeons that are not as developed in the number of floors would also focus more in attracting low level players. &gt;I don't really see how. If you take away all the elemental stuff, you have player-designed dungeons that other players can delve into, going through multiple levels, eventually either completing it and getting a huge reward or partially completing it, being unable to get further, and getting a smaller reward. They then use these rewards to increase the power of their character and/or increase the power and scope of their own dungeon, and the cycle continues. If there is a single resource you will get exploits and abuse. The more powerful group would greedly destroy the weaker dungeons. With multiple types you have a balance as you cannot generate other types yourself, you don't want to permanently destroy a source of elemental crystal type. The elements would also create natural alliances since a dungeon of the same type have no reason to attack each other and having more will lessen the individual burden from raids. If you have 5 water dungeons that is 5 locations from which to get water crystals instead of one. &gt;Yes but the point of this subthread is, I think, about player-created content in MMORPGs. Your idea is cool, but it's not take-it-or-leave-it. Parts of it can be applied, and used, in other games. The context was [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/6hzfaa/discussion_sense_for_trends_in_future_mmorpgs/dj3i3cw/) you have to remember. &gt;Player-created dungeons can just be part of a more general MMORPG. It's still competitive dungeon keeper :p. &gt;then they can make it easier or harder than that standard. And that standard has a possible maximum available for that floor. They might put an orc but they cannot put an ogre. &gt;If players can place locked doors and keys for those locked doors, then either the game needs to be able to say 'hey it's not actually possible to get the key for that door and go through it, this is impossible to complete'. That is a simple form of difficulty estimation: completable/not completable. Puzzles for rewards can be in any form without limitation as rewards are solely at DM's discretion like I said. Blocking exits are another matter entirely and needs to be more regulated, tested and enforced. I did mention that the dungeons can have multiple exits right? Puzzles that block exits could be more along the lines platforming and trap traversal. The amount of puzzle pieces could also inform the complexity. &gt;Bosses are custom, scriptable, etc. and the AI has to be very clever in how it makes sure they're not too hard, They can be scripted based on their intelligence. That means it can be a trade off with their power. Low level bosses also wouldn't be much to write about. You do have to remember that dungeons **have to defend themselves** so they would be more challenging then in other games. But players can plan what kind of dungeons are easy enough that they can handle. It is always in a balance. &gt;But that does present the problem that it is hard to estimate the difficulty of those puzzles and bosses and monsters (especially puzzles). Yes its a problem, but its not unbeatable. Bosses and monsters however I don't care how they use them other then the floor power pool cost. Did I mention that darkness and fire dungeons generate crystals from **killing players**? Nobody said they aren't deadly. &gt;Make them necessary. They are necessary. That's the whole point. They are supposed to be endgame content. Not only that but expansion packs can just add new tools, creatures,terrain and resources similar to Hearstone expansion packs to drive even more interesting dungeons. *Edit: Completed.*
Because I haven't finished it sorry. I posted by mistake. Wait a couple of minutes and I'll get around to it. I'll inform you when I finish editing.
[Done](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/6hzfaa/discussion_sense_for_trends_in_future_mmorpgs/dj3px55/).
&gt; In this game, our player stars as the organizer of a zombie-defense project working to defend in case of a mass outbreak. Do you know how you stop zombies dead in their tracks? Armor plated knights. Really no bite to worry about so you can chop chop chop all day. You also know what stops zombies? Winter. No matter how regenerative and immortal they may appear basic thermodynamics means they will run out of steam. *^(but you may get super mutant winter zombies)* Idea B sounds like the Persona series.
&gt; The most immediate quality of such system is that it possesses a deterministic state. In which case write a combat log or decisions log.
&gt; So you can loot their bodies, but the loot isn't worth anything. Great. If you have a dungeon I don't see how you would consider normal loot as anything but scrap. With a dungeon you have more unique resources to manage. There is really no point in being greedy.
&gt; I played neverwinter for a week, in that time they had player created content, One example of bad implementation does not mean the concept is bad. I talk more about this in my [other reply](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/6hzfaa/discussion_sense_for_trends_in_future_mmorpgs/dj3i3cw/) in more detail. Obviously you need some mechanisms to balance and limit things. But you can do that with resource tiers linked to difficulty levels.
### [The big list of links.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk/) I should update that eventually.
You know this is just like a underrated gem called Republic:The Revolution only it had a political theme. There is also board games like Food Chain Magnet. As for utilizing the aspects of open world maybe do something with information propagation to make it like a plague? &gt;Sorry just bashing out some quick thoughts. Might write more later. Keep up the good work. You might want to work on next week's topic since you would have more time to develop your idea. The challenge was supposed to have a week.
This is pretty interesting since Season 2 I believe will follow a format like the Tutorial area which is the more interesting format. Really things had to change because if things kept going like this and he kept handing them power on a silver plate they would really be worthless cattle.
They are misinformation to misdirect you throw more plausible theories like growing earth.
http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/science/the-phylogeny-of-play.html
There are a lot of board games that can be considered "management games" Just go here and have a look: https://www.shutupandsitdown.com/videos-page/
My CCS can't be this cute!
http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-journal-of-computer/jcgd-volume-4/my-definition-of-game.html http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-journal-of-computer/jcgd-volume-4/types-of-play.html http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/game-design/paradigm-shift.html This "book" is especially a must read: http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/history-of-thinking/core-argument.html http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/history-of-thinking/map.html Especially if you are interested in simulating a Civilization or Dwarf Fortress type world. Some other related topics: http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/index.html A for recent stuff he has working on Siboot which is about procedural narrative, it has some interesting topics if you are interested on the subject.
The [exploration of depth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXd6CQRTNek&amp;index=1&amp;list=PL-U2vBF9GrHGORYfnj6DOAFN1FgEzy9UA) and steady increase of skill that are tested with difficult challenges.
Try board games. Or try different genres that you haven't played. Fighting games, brawlers, engineering sandbox games. Puzzle games can also have variety if you are looking. &gt;Are we doomed to see the same handful of game loops played out infinitely? Pretty much the problem is that its hard to find new forms of gameplay loops. And there is a constraint on this forms based on how our brains function and our [computers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSBn77_h_6Q). Most people just embrace a genre and focus on depth of mechanics. &gt; I'll admit, I don't know what this new paradigm would look like, and coming up with something entirely new is hard, but I've never considered it impossible. Try it yourself in coming up with something like that. I for one was very interested in a more interesting dynamic world and was looking for games with more complex simulation of NPCs making interactions with them outside of combat more meaningful. But there are a lot of similarities also, actions still exist make stats go up.
People can play just one game for their entire lives. Have you looked in finding a deep game? People with your kind of problem have reached a certain amount of mastery and the solution is to find a game that is deep enough with a large enough difficulty ceiling. Try a 4X game like Distant Worlds Universe or Dominions 4. Also check this article on the evolution of genres: http://thegamedesignforum.com/features/GDH_1.html
Games can have enough depth or not. Usually you need to mod a game to hell and add super AI before you get enough depth.
Sure because consequence does not have to relate to being good or bad. Consequence is just **the result**. For example the Natzi can have their happy ending if they are successful in their genocide. History is written by the victor so you only have to win.
You don't need anything more then HTML for this.
Report, investigate and take into account the evidence for the next case. Also do some proper education and responsibility. Bullshit like "Tell men not to rape" won't have much merit when you get **chopped to pieces**. It's your own damn life and no one can protect it other then you.
He is a shill, but he is our shill!!
I am hosting a weekly design challenge on /r/gamedesign where you come up with a game idea around a topic and share it and we discuss our thoughts on the next week's thread. It's basically supposed to be a brainstorming session with the community. If you are interested in game design try it. It's fun and good practice with no stakes.
God dammit CCS don't stare at people eating.
It would be more readable with normal formatting. Having read the idea there is already a similar game for the Wii called "My Life as King". To be fair it was pretty shallow but the formula works well enough even in that case. &gt;recruit new apprentices to raise the next generation of heroes that will ensure the peace and prosperity of your world. This kind of legacy systems I find very interesting. In roguelikes the words rests with new characters but I think a world that continues on and follows its consequence has a lot of potential.
Definitely going to make a challenge on this. I am already getting nice ideas.
It sounds to me that flying would shift the battle to air combat. That means air combat needs to have depth to all classes with mobility options like wall jumping and enough complexity that both fight well against each other.
Actually that's exactly modern art.
That sounds too much like No Man's Sky method which feels like an empty grind. But if you are going to have powerful engineering abilities similar to EQ:Landmark maybe you can do something. Have a procedurally generated puzzle game where the worlds are represented as nodes. The space game X3 Terran/Albion is similar to this. Every new world has resources you can exploit and a number of portals that lead to new nodes. The world would also be a puzzle you have to engineer and solve to reach the next portal. Your engineering abilities are based on resources and resources can be engineered to be moved from one node to the next but you don't have an inventory on yourself that you can collect stuff. The puzzles would be procedurally generated with a constraint method with a number of viable options and accounting for resources nearby. The environment may be volatile and some engineering parts might be vulnerable so your engineered structure might need to enter in a defense state and repair the damage. You can add your own puzzle elements that act as triggers to your engineering structure to enter and leave the defense state, switch to the different paths to different portals, use to move your resources to those portals. That means if another player is exploring the map you have been through they have to solve your puzzles. With special amount of collected resources you can create a new portal linked to a hub world with a player created city where a lot of players gather. You can trade resources with them and maybe there would be different classes that have their own specialization that unlocks new engineering structures that you might need. Crafting equipment and tools would also be possible. Maybe playing as a party with different classes and guilds that collect lots of resources. You can also have a mansion that you build in a city with the resources you mange and the house could store a certain amount of those resources to be used. Games that have this type of engineering gameplay Minecraft with engineering mods, Infinifactory, Factorio. The environment could be like Minecraft biomes but more hostile, weird/fantastical like in the Myst series and have a form of challenging impediments you have to overcome. Inspiration from levels like in Hexen/Heretic could also be interesting.
The true tragedy is not photographs. The true tragedy is that we replaced art that demands skill with "Modern Art". What new museums and artists have you heard cropping up outside of Modern "The Toilet" Art?
Rather then be fixed to a grid you can just arbitrarily compose stuff everywhere on the x y axis. Aquaria works like this: https://vimeo.com/2769377
Or the new games cannibalize the established market. Just like Planet Coaster devoured the RollerCoaster Tycoon market and Cities:Skylines the SimCity market. Although there were done by mid-sized studios there are examples of Indies also.
[Why your advice sucks.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/625ahk/for_fucks_sake_stop_with_the_simple_ideas/)
Grappling is the most important aspect that is never properly used in games. In the case where both combatants are armored grappling is how they fight.
&gt; It's not like it'd be a chore to heavily manage your food, just that if you were eating light you'd be more lightweight and if you eat heavily you'd be heavyweight. This has potential. I was thinking of a similar system like this where food would be mapped to the body as strength, technique/agility and magic that would be represented by a percentage and with a total maximal pool you can distribute and shift things around. That way you can shift your "class type" simply by shifting to the required body type and training abilities with skill decay.
"The WoW effect" Really blizzard does this all the time. The same happened with Overwatch. I don't know how those bastards keep managing to be so competent in a industry full of incompetents. That said there is potential market for card games that are **not damn collectable**. A simple one purchase pack that is balanced that you can immediately play without being endlessly stringed along.
There is a interesting board game like this that has the structure you require: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnPBSYpSpMI Taking from that you just have to shift the victory condition from "winning the war" to just surviving, Valiant Hearts and This War of Mine also has this structure I believe. If the tropes that you normally find in war games goes against your victory condition which is survival players will naturally see them as obstacles. You just have to change the perspective. Also that does not mean the game shouldn't be **fun**. Fun is a much more powerful and misunderstood force then just an emotion. Don't listen to pretentious idiots that say games shouldn't be fun, you can many **anything** be **fun**. The brain is a wast problem solving machine and games are its **food**, since all situations **require thinking** and have **meaningful decisions** then anything can be made fun.
What's the point of that sub? You aren't going to get any traffic there. You think people fall out of the sky? Just use genre topics/tags in topics and try to engage people here. As for the topic: &gt; most modern shooters use a two-weapon system Because they are dumb. Classic FPS design is superior on all basis. It requires thinking in evaluating your opponents and environment on the moment to moment and using the right weapon for the situation. It has careful management of your resource(ammo). It has map control in controlling those resources(ammo,shield,health). It has actual fucking secrets that are worthwhile. Compared to modern shooters where players can just be morons.
Have you asked what a player "does" on a moment to moment basis between them? Have you asked what does the player **think**? FPS can be much more then a game where you click on heads once they pop out of cover.
You can make a **slice** of a city instead around a point of interest like a market district with hints that may be more things beyond that you don't have access to. The best example I can think of is Vampire the Masqurade Bloodlines where the cities fell like cities even if the maps are ultimately limited.
