12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park. How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
&gt; To you, it's just a baseball. That thing can brighten a kid's whole day though. Why would it be "just a baseball" to the grown man? If his reasoning was that he'd never caught one before, then obviously it means more to him than being "just a baseball." The whole damned *game* is grown men running around doing what kids do. I would be willing to bet that the ball means far, far more to the man than to the kid. If I had been given a ball as a kid, I don't know what I would have done with it. Probably played with it myself in the yard. I certainly wouldn't have bragged to my friends or anything, since after all, I was *given* the thing. I didn't catch it. But when I caught a foul ball at the age of 23, I was old enough to know exactly what that ball was. It was a piece of the game I love, that I had spent 23 years building up a deep, romantic appreciation for. Something that I revered, cherished as sacred, and out of it popped a little tiny piece that fell into *my* hands. I can look up the play-by-play and see the word "Foul" and know that *I caught that foul*, that that word is indelibly etched into baseball's permanent history and it involved *me.* It was an *honor*. No kid thinks of it that way. You are only obligated to give a kid a ball if you directly interfere with his/her chance to catch/retrieve it themselves. Otherwise it's yours.
Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect. As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist. Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse. Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
Maybe it's because I recently watched *Baseball* but I read this in John Chancellor's voice.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
I've never seen a bat carry through the zone that fast. All I've seen so far is his last PA where he walked, but each time he swung I don't think the bat stayed over the plate for more than a frame. I have this weird feeling that I'm going to remember what I was doing when I tuned into the eighth inning of the choppy mlbtv stream of Joey Gallo's debut.
Some of that seemed to be channeling the roommate from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
It needs to be stressed that it happened in the *same series to opposing teams*, and that neither pitcher walked anyone. This Is The Greatest Game In The World.
The kid needs a nickname to go with the stellar career he's about to begin. I propose "The Iron Giant" but I'm willing to hear other suggestions.
He can't slap it past him because if he could then they wouldn't shift on him.
His job is to see if there's *conclusive evidence to overturn the call on the field.* That's how it's supposed to be approached.
To fall down at your door
As far as I know, field umpires are still empowered to overturn their own calls, which they should have been able to do after watching the replay on the jumbotron.
&gt; 2004-2015 (so 10 yrs, plus two months) That's actually 11 years and two months.
My OCD *hated* the uneven divisions. My OCD *still* hates the uneven schedule and playing the same interleague teams over and over. It could easily be fixed but they don't care.
The National League was founded in 1876 and for much of the 19th century it was all there was. There were rival leagues occasionally, often with different business practices and the gumption to steal NL players away, but they all faded away. Then the American League declared its majority status, had the money and clout to threaten the NL, and all the "senior circuit" could do is accept the new rivals. They gradually started to incorporate themselves together, with codes of conduct, a commissioner, and collective bargaining, and eventually we just started calling it Major League Baseball. The rules were exactly the same until 1973 when the AL adopted the DH and the NL didn't.
Well, there is a reason, which is that there are seven days in a week and that's not a multiple of 3. They want one series each weekend, and stacking 3-game series one after another would quickly ruin that alignment. Scheduling an off-day every week would lengthen the season considerably. The alternative is to play a 4-game series one week and have an off-day the next. In practice it doesn't work out that evenly but it's the general idea.
And the confusion probably stems from the fact that they kept "league" in their names. The same thing happened in the NFL but the two merging leagues became "conferences" instead.
If I'm the batter and they move the catcher into the field, I'm just going to swing and miss at three straight pitches and saunter to first on a strikeout. Doesn't seem to be a particularly intelligent defensive move.
Why not "don't cross the streams?"
I'll leave it to you to figure out the details of what befell each player. &gt; *Well, Mr. Burns had done it* &gt; *The power plant had won it* &gt; *With Torii Hunter counting every mile* &gt; *Buster Posey's got gaps in his smile* &gt; *And Ryan Howard's missing in the tire pile* &gt; &gt; *We're talkin' softball* &gt; *From Anaheim to Scranton* &gt; *Talkin' softball* &gt; *From Moustakas to Stanton* &gt; *Hamilton is playing hide and seek* &gt; *The Feds are on the hunt for Rickie Weeks* &gt; *We're talkin' Homer, Tulo, and the Freak*
Honestly I think this sort of thing is why players have twitter accounts. It's not something you do on the field, but maybe pass by the clubhouse the next day, and if the team has left then you make 140 characters out of it.
If there's been a greater regular-season game ever played, it's not been nominated so far.
I was there but I don't remember it as a positive *experience*. The tension and the pressure (and the noise) were too much. By the end I would have taken a loss just so it would be over.
A dangerous attitude in the spoiling game. It's got us into trouble before.
ChillOne helped us most of the way through S6 but his source faltered in S8. And then there's missyae. Even Snewser got a couple things wrong. Since Redmond isn't actually *spoiling* in this particular case, it isn't a problem right now, but it's an attitude we who take the game seriously should avoid adopting.
&gt; On 1, it seems historically certain that Jesus really existed and was a popular preacher. The bulk of writings about Jesus talk about the things he said and did before his death. There is no contemporary evidence of the existence of Jesus. None at all. I'm happy to be wrong on the subject if presented with good evidence. When historians "agree that Jesus existed," the conclusion basically revolves around "it's difficult to believe the man was invented entirely out of whole cloth." History is not a science and they're not held to the same rigors of testability or burden of proof.
What do we know about Anne Frank? Is it just her diary? It isn't, because there is plenty of evidence *outside her diary* that she was a historical person and that the events she describes in her diary actually happened. It's *externally corroborated.* The Gospels don't have *anything* corroborating them. They were written after the fact by authors we can't be sure of and there's nothing else that backs them up. If all the external evidence of Anne Frank were to be lost, the photographs and Dutch and German records and all eyewitness accounts, and all the cultural memory we've collected about these things, and in two thousand years all we had was her diary, *then we could doubt her existence too.*
In this example I suspect there are ways of determining the battle took place. Digging around in records and the location and such. If you're looking for details of how the battle went, then you might only have those two sources, but what should be considered is whether those sources have influence on each other. Do they have the same biases, did they experience it from different perspectives, etc. If we conclude that those sources aren't good enough, and there isn't anything else, then it would be justifiable to doubt the historical veracity of the Battle of Carrhae.
I like the phrasing of this question as opposed to the usual "what record is unbreakable?" After seeing Ripken, Ichiro, Henderson and McGwire/Sosa/Bonds all in my lifetime, I don't accept the notion that any record is unbreakable. The game can change.
If folks weren't so scared of sabermetrics the starters could just be automatically determined by highest WAR through June 30.
Target Field, named the best sports complex in the country when it opened just five years ago, is leased to the club through 2037. You might literally be the first person to mention the Twins and relocation in the same sentence since the park was approved.
The Twins have a rookie reliever, JR Graham, who wears full stirrups. His mother is legally blind and he wears them so she can pick him out on the field. As a pitcher you'd think it would be pretty easy to keep track of him, but it goes back to his Little League days and he's kept up the tradition.
An interviewee in Ken Burns' series notes the fortuitous serendipity of that particular choice. Had it been 87 feet, think of the close plays at first that wouldn't have happened, the number of times the stolen base record would have been smashed. Had it been 93 feet, batting averages would plummet and double plays would be mundane. 90 feet was *perfect.*
The only people not allowed to discuss a no-hitter are the players on the pitcher's team. The other team, the broadcasters, the fans are allowed to do whatever they want.
OH COME ON!!!
First tripler scored on the second triple, second was picked off on a botched squeeze plot, and the third was stranded.
It wasn't an actual play, the batter missed the sign and failed to swing, allowing the runner to be easily picked off.
This was something instituted when interleague was normalized season-wide. The two-and-two series is intended to be against your interleague "rival," except in years where the interleague rotation schedule has you play all the teams in your "rival's" division. That's happening this year, and so instead of having it be a rivalry series, it's a two-and-two series against another opponent in that division.
In my head I would put it around the late 70s/early 80s when the money involved in the game began to take off exponentially (free agency, tv deals, etc.). [This is a photograph of a Dodger Stadium crowd in the 1970s](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Pete_rose_at_bat.jpg). You'd be hard-pressed to find even a cap, let alone a jersey in those seats. Modern Dodger fans might forgive me when I say that LA was never the most rabid of baseball towns, but the team was competitive throughout the decade and obviously the seats were full. Merchandise just wasn't a thing back then.
And the crowd respects it. I dunno if anyone's ever said this, but Cardinals fans are pretty good.
When interleague first started in the 90s, the teams you played were almost random. The exception was your "natural rival," the team which in most cases was geographically closest to you (Yankees-Mets, Rays-Marlins, etc.). You played that team every year. When they expanded interleague in 2013, they gave it some structure: you played all the teams in a specific division, which rotated from year to year. However, they kept the "rival" concept by adding a two-and-two series that would be played each year no matter what other teams you played in interleague. The exception is when the interleague division you play is the same one in which your rival plays. In that case, your rival simply becomes part of your normal interleague schedule. The two-and-two series, however, remains in the schedule (somewhat inexplicably), and is played against *another* team in that division. That's what's happening this year: each division is playing its interleague counterpart (East vs. East, etc.). Since all the rivals are now lined up by division, the two-and-two series isn't played against the rival, but against another interleague team.
This case is a little extreme. The last time a team was this dominant (seven members of the 1957 Reds), they actually did take voting away for 12 years.
There has never been a major-leaguer with a last name starting with X. The 1926 World Series ended with Babe Ruth caught stealing second. The Padres have never played in Toronto. The Blue Jays have played in San Diego three times.
Net neutrality should have no effect on MLB's streaming performance. The streams suck for me but I tend to chalk that up to going through a VPN because they won't let me watch my home team.
BR updates every morning, but they don't have their own database (they use Lahman's among others). In order to keep a personal database updated through a current season, you have to update it yourself.
I haven't voted yet. Why would I vote a third of the way into the season? I vote during the last day or so, and vote by WAR. So if I were to vote today, it would be Martin Miggy Kipnis Donaldson Trout Iglesias Cain Kiermaier, and Posey Goldschmidt Gordon Frazier Crawford Harper Stanton Pollock.
A year ago I went to DC and saw the entire Smithsonian. After listening to other tourists for five minutes in the first museum I took out my phone and my earbuds and turned on Spotify. Listened to someone's opera playlist the entire week. Don't even particularly care for opera, I just thought it was most appropriate to the setting. It was amazing.
What part of what he said isn't true?
They played Letterman and Dave started randomly saying "I fink you freeky...and I like you a lot" for days afterward. Making that kind of impression on Dave is quite a feat.
Keep in mind that none of them would have actually been there. Few children would have attended a World Series at that time, and of those even fewer would have been girls (almost all people over the age of 107 are female).
I'm just out of frame on your right. Recognize the Rizzo guy in the front. Definitely not "cheap" seats, but I like 'em.
Um, if you go straight for her she'd be able to take you down without even thinking about it. No, you gotta flank her at oblique angles.
Raise your hand if your fantasy opponent had Scherzer this week.
We all know there's a difference between "getting votes" and "actually worthy of the Hall."
Now now, Infante isn't eligible yet. You're probably thinking of Mark Gubicza.
If I could stop you from suffering, I would. That's the difference between me and your god.
I didn't realize this was a Sporcle link and I also thought it was an "average days" trivia question. And yes I'm pretty sure ol' Peas 'n Carrots Keith would be the answer.
Well, he stoops down a bit to clunk them on the head with his padded elbow.
I think this is a case where it's up to you. For instance, when something happens to a runner during a PA, I only record it in the runner's box (like a little "SB" in the corner); the batter gets an "X" instead of a "\" on that pitch to show me when it occurred. I'd probably do the same thing in your situation, except in the batter's box I'd scrawl something like "No PA, runner picked off" just to indicate to myself not to count that box as a PA. The operative words here are "me" and "myself," because unless you're the official scorer of a game, you're likely to be the only one who needs to decipher your scorekeeping methods. So you can do whatever you want.
Someone with more time than I currently have could just go through each number and see which one adds up to the most WAR from each position (though they should only count players who were known by that number).
I think it is folly to consider *any* record truly untouchable. The article makes some pretty daring statements. Declaring Van der Meer's feat unbreakable is, as others have pointed out, bad timing, after what Scherzer did last week. What they're basically doing is saying that records are unbreakable *in the game's current state.* Sure, no one's going to win 59 games *this season.* Or next season, or for the foreseeable future. But the game *changes.* Radbourn won 59 games when baseball was a vastly different endeavor. It's changed a lot. *And it will continue to change.* One day we may find 60-game winners to be commonplace. *Everyone* said Gehrig's streak was untouchable. Right up to '95, no one thought Ripken *really could* do it. He did it, and kept right on going. Someday I think someone will beat him too. Why isn't 73 on the list? The steroid era is over. Why don't we believe that no one will ever break Bonds' record? Is it because he made it look easy...that it seems like anyone, under the right circumstances, could clobber the ball out of the park with equal frequency? I don't see the difference between hitting 762 home runs and earning 110 shutouts. I really don't. When I was a kid, Roger Maris was a record-holder. Lou Brock and George Sisler and Henry Aaron were record-holders. Not anymore. All things end.
Wow, I don't see any comments saying "you ever stop to think maybe the last guy parked just as badly and they were forced to do this?" Those make me angrier than the parking job itself.
Isn't that just where the Mets AAA affiliate plays?
Not for long, though. The United Federation of Planets, established 2161, is known in at least one timeline to survive into the 31st century.
Fun. When you look in the dugout and see everyone laughing, doing little dances and handshakes they came up with, when they have in-jokes and story arcs in the press, you have a team that's a *team* and not just 25 guys making money. Teams win.
While this was fun for a while, the problem is that if it were actually a "curse," you'd think that it'd be easy to identify what *ended* the curse.
Actually I just thought of a good candidate. The Royal Rooters claimed the bleachers of Huntington for most of the first two decades of the team's existence. Their signature song was "Tessie, You Are the Only" which they would modify to praise/heckle an appropriate player. Though they moved with the club to Fenway, they gradually drifted away and weren't heard much after...1918. "Tessie" remained in the subconscious of the Boston mystique, and it was brought back to popularity by the Dropkick Murphys, who released a cover (the lyrics now about the Rooters themselves and a famous story about a riot they started when their seats were sold to other patrons)...in June 2004.
Just going by how much I've played them, it would be something among: Tetris (NES) Super Mario Kart SimCity (SNES) Grand Theft Auto IV Minecraft Those are my *favorites*. The *best* games I've ever played are Mario Galaxy 1/2, Portal 1/2, and The Last of Us.
I'm just doing it from memory so I have no idea what key it's in, but in C Major it's D BCD G F E D BCD GA AG
Game 163, although it was so tense and the Dome was so loud that I did not have a positive experience.
I guess I'm missing something. Wouldn't it be perfectly reasonable to assume that a team's winning percentage halfway through the season will be pretty close to its winning percentage at the end of the season? Teams do fall apart / catch fire, but as you can see it's relatively rare.
That actually looks really cool. It's tailored to pro ball which isn't common in scorebooks.
I'm not prepared to say it's better, but the nature of today's game allows for the whole country to experience the fun / frustration of every team. We can all get together and cultivate the stories and the memes, and the players feed off that.
Indeed. And I was actually at the park and promising myself not to cheat by using my phone. But in a similar vein, one of my favorite Simpsons jokes, by the Vin Scully character: "That's an E3 for those of you keeping score at home...and if you are keeping score at home, your loneliness saddens me."
If it really is dying then maybe it's a profession that someone like me could excel at. I would *love* to keep score...maybe not the official scorer (the pressure of killing no-hitters would drive me nuts), but someone who compiles statistics for a team or for a website.
The opposite should be true. I don't often pay enough attention to tell you how a particular batter has done in his previous at-bats. But when I'm keeping score I can tell you how everyone has done *without looking at the book,* because I've written it down (at work I carry a notepad to write down things to remember, and I never look at it because the act of writing it down makes me memorize it). It does take practice, since if there's a particularly complex play (an outfielder muffs a fly, and the batter-runner is caught in a rundown where the ball changes hands several times) you can find yourself still scribbling and checking the scoreboard by the time the next batter starts taking pitches. If anything, scorekeeping can put too *much* attention on the game. After all, the beauty of baseball is that you get that time between pitches, between batters, when you look around at the people in the stands, look at the sky and note how much it's changed color since you sat down, look at the scoreboard and make the red letters move around by tilting your head back and forth (chromatic aberration...if you can't do it, don't ask), look down the aisle for the hot dog guy...that's a crucial part of the experience. You can't score that.
Well it's an error, let's say E9, and then a 9-5-1-6 putout. I'd trace the diamond to about halfway between second and third, the E9 goes in the primary "what the batter did" part of the box, and the 9-5-1-6 gets crammed in above the SS position where the tag occurred.
Costas is a poet and we need more like him. But he was trying a bit too hard here.
If you plopped Maya Angelou in front of a microphone and made her describe her surroundings for three hours I bet you'd get one or two fart jokes.
For me I had to hit rock bottom spiritually. I had relied on God to help me through tough times, prayed for good fortune, for happiness, and none of it ever came to pass (or at least the success rate was no better than chance). I was constantly afraid that if I questioned God, he'd punish me. But I was so lost in my life that I was essentially being punished anyway. So finally I couldn't take it anymore and essentially told God "listen, I've had enough of this. I've been a good person and good things don't happen to me. If you want me to keep going this way, to keep praying, I need you to give me a sign. Otherwise I have to give up." Nothing. So I finally took a chance and started thinking critically. What I came to realize is that my "worship" of God was little more than OCD, that if I don't do these rituals then I'll be punished by some unseen force. Over the course of a couple of weeks, maybe less, I had gone from a terrified theist to an agnostic atheist. I cried, but they were tears of relief and release. The greatest help in that process was this very sub. It was a different place at the time, full of reposted memes, but they were crucial in letting me know that it was okay to take this road.
That's an excellent story and it's even heavier later on when Red admits that he almost quit when Robinson was signed. It was Rickey's stoic command of the endeavor that kept him going. There are plenty more stories in the Burns series just like that, told with such mastery...Studs Terkel and Robert Creamer and obviously Buck O'Neil (and the 10th Inning is no slouch either). That show really was made at the perfect time, right before baseball's new renaissance when the game needed to be reminded of its historical, romantic nature, and when you could still talk to guys who played with Babe Ruth, who played in the Negro Leagues, who had a perspective that we literally no longer have just twenty years later.
Like you I didn't see Bull Durham until I was a lot older, and I didn't find it especially compelling. I was "in" Little Big League (I attended a game at which they filmed the ending, so technically I'm in the crowd).
Graham is one of 993 players found by the Play Index to have played in exactly one major league game. This includes twelve players who debuted this year but have only been in one game so far. Steven Matz is listed as the 18,540th major-leaguer, meaning the 993 one-gamers total about five percent of everyone who has played the game. You'd find more cups of coffee in the morning rush of an average Starbucks. But the cups of coffee at Starbucks don't each have their own Wikipedia page. Put on a uniform and walk between those foul lines, even for the briefest of moments, and you are an immortal.
Was that "rookie card" being touted as his actual rookie card? Because...that's quite obviously not a 1905 baseball card.
No. There are 77 players who have a *hit* in their only AB. Twelve of those were doubles (including Brandon Lyon, who played in 572 games and finished with a lifetime SLG of 2.000), and four were triples. 38 men had only one *plate appearance* in which they drew a walk (including, of course, Eddie Gaedel). A further six had one PA and were hit by a pitch. And perhaps the saddest of all: 22 have come up once in their careers and laid down a bunt or other runner-advancing grounder. Most were pitchers, but two were listed as first basemen. Talk about sacrificing.
&gt; Only the Twins gave me pause after Dozier. Kind of humbling, since we have a top-tier closer in Glen Perkins, veteran stripper Torii Hunter, and a former MVP catcher-turned-1B who currently has the third-highest active career BA. Those are the Twins I'd expect everyone to know, but I honestly can't name anyone past Altuve and Rasmus on your club, so this is an educational experience.
A coworker overheard a game on my radio and wondered aloud: "is there really a difference between a 90 and a 95 mph fastball?" I don't think this is a stupid question for an outsider, but anyone with a knowledge of pro-level baseball would understand what a *fundamental* difference there is between those two speeds, especially when a pitcher can throw both.
If you ask me "what team does Jed Lowrie play for" I can say "Houston" but if you ask me "how many Astros can you name" then my brain doesn't make the connection. I'm surprised that Joe Mauer isn't the first Twin anyone would think of but am willing to believe that lots of people file and retrieve information in their heads the same way I do.
I'm generally cool with them taking as much time as they need to get the call right, though I'd prefer they take as many reasonable steps as possible to keep that time to a minimum. My own beef is with the way everyone just stands around frozen on the field while the manager decides whether or not he's going to throw his flag. That part of the system is hella broken.
&gt; for PTBNL *or* Cash This is a delightful summary of Alexi Casilla: here you go, just pay us back whenever.
I'll allow him to make that determination.
The 81-81 scenario would probably be solved by replacing the postseason with a randomly-seeded bracket, with two randomly-chosen teams (perhaps the previous year's pennant winners) getting a first-round bye. First three rounds are best of three, then it's LCS and the WS as normal. Probably take into mid-November. A five-way tie for the division would be handled according to the [multi-team tiebreaker rules.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball_tie-breaking_procedures#Ties_among_multiple_teams)
If I'm not going to be compensated then I think I'll just stick to writing on this sub. At least here I get karma.
These days I always think of graphics as sort of plateauing, haven't been blown away by anything in quite a while, but looking back at this it's obvious that they're still getting a lot better (just more gradually then when I was a kid).
The only "good" ones are the commandments against murder, theft, and if we want to stretch it a bit, perjury (false witness). Are American laws against murder, theft, and perjury "based on" the Ten Commandments? Is that the source for these laws? Or have they been part of the legal system of *every civilization in human history,* including some which predate the Ten Commandments? Are they not common sense?
The LASIK Expansion, now available at the Vision Store!
Not sure what you mean here. The Moon's shadow "lines up" with Earth only during an eclipse. From the Earth's surface, an eclipse is an "event" that moves along the ground (people often take planes and "chase" them to make the eclipse appear longer). http://www.relativelyinteresting.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/eclipse-from-space.jpg If instead you're just relaying a garbled version of "the ratio of the Sun's and Moon's sizes and their respective distances allow for total eclipses," that's not necessarily true. The Sun and Moon are *more or less* the same size in the sky, and a total eclipse *just* covers the Sun because of this. But *not every eclipse is total.* The Moon's (and Sun's) distance varies, and if the Moon is too far away then you get an [annular eclipse](http://a.abcnews.go.com/images/Technology/gty_annular_solar_eclipse_ll_1201516_wmain.jpg) that doesn't cover the entire solar disc. And if the Moon were closer, we'd get total eclipses a lot more often.
I think you mean "theists," not "deists." Deists usually stop short of personifying their definition of a god, and to them a nebulous "intelligent designer" of any form could be satisfactory. A *theist* is just any god-believer, and could be a deist or an adherent to a religion with a anthropomorphic, personal god such as Zeus or Yahweh. And you're right, there is a big difference between a "watchmaker" and the God of Abraham, and the steps needed to get from one to the other are often...creative.
Another way to phrase it is that laws define observations whereas theories explain them. If a cause produces the same effect every time, that's a law. Scientific theories explain *why* laws are laws. With evolution, it's hard to get "laws" in the sense that you can with something like gravitational interaction, because evolution is kind of an abstract process. It *does* have facts and observations. That all life on Earth shares a common ancestor is a fact; the *theory* involves *how* and *why* diversity arose.
If it were deliberate then perhaps the designer could have just made us immune to tumors in the first place.
We've made cameras that can see wavelengths far beyond the pitiful portion of the spectrum that our eyes can. We have cameras orbiting hundreds of miles above our heads that can read license plates on the surface. Our eyes are *really neat,* and we've made technology that's exponentially better.
Baseball is a child's game, played by adults, and occasionally by men.
Pitchers and catchers report in 47 days.
*Like she was walking onto a yacht*
I'm sure at some point you'll elucidate why you've posted this in the Star *Trek* sub.
"I say we do a deep dish!" I was thinking the same thing.
I wonder if it's not glib to hold this up as an example of the inherent honesty and integrity in the modern scientific method. We had four holes in the periodic table. Those holes represented, in a very real sense, predictions about nature. We had an element with 112 protons, one with 114 protons, and anyone could guess that there should be one with 113 protons too. But we didn't fill in that hole. We didn't preemptively name it. When a group claimed to have synthesized it, it took years for us to make sure. There was doubt, there was skepticism, and there was a *process* that we followed before we finally concluded that, yes, there is an element with 113 protons (even if we did have to construct it ourselves). *Now* you can say it exists. *Now* you can name it. *Now* you can fill in that hole.
Depends on what you mean by theoretical. There are a number of elements that don't exist in nature, including these four. They "exist" because we smash other elements together, ever-so-briefly making new elements where we go "there! Right there! Did you see it?" And everything beyond 118 is theoretical. The eighth period is still elusive to us. But between hydrogen and ununoctium, all elements have now been seen at least once.
If the planet were uninhabited then the Prime Directive wouldn't apply. Humans have colonized tons of worlds; a descendant of humans should be able to do the same.
We know God doesn't exist? When did we figure that out?
When did you figure *those* out?
Of course I believe there is a chance a teapot is orbiting Jupiter. I don't believe a teapot *is* orbiting Jupiter, but I'm not prepared to claim the opposite just because it's ludicrously unlikely. Practicing intellectual honesty and declining to claim a negative doesn't mean you give weight to the positive.
&gt; There really is not. Yes, there is. We have invented teapots, we have pondered the idea of teapots floating in space, and we have sent probes to Jupiter, in that chronological order. It is *not impossible* we've put a teapot into the Jovian system. The best position is to say *I have no good reason to believe a teapot is orbiting Jupiter.* That is *not* the same as saying "there is no teapot orbiting Jupiter." Your other example was an "invisible pink unicorn." I might be prepared to say that such a thing, as defined, cannot exist, because I don't think you can have something that is simultaneously invisible and pink. "Invisible unicorn" and "pink unicorn" would be logically sound, regardless of the unlikelihood of "invisible" or "unicorn." So as far as gods go, there are *definitions* of gods that could be self-contradictory, and safe to rule out. But there are *lots* of definitions of gods, and not all of them fall under that scope. Zeus, as far as I know, is not logically impossible. We tend not to give much weight to Zeus because we've discovered more realistic explanations for things once ascribed to him. We can go about our business without worrying about not accounting for Zeus, or any other gods, or unicorns or teapots. To claim they *don't exist at all* is speaking out of turn.
It shouldn't be surprising that you found him, since you both post in the same threads around the same times with the same opinions, including in a very specific gaming sub.
Basically the same as my view. I literally don't have an opinion on the matter, but if the two leagues ever do combine, it's pretty obvious the NL will adopt the DH.
Your purpose is whatever you want it to be. You don't have to conform to anyone else's ideals or expectations. When I have those kinds of thoughts, I remind myself that there's no reason to think there's anything, *anything* else other than this one short life. It's not a video game where if you rage-quit then you can go find something else to do...this is it. All the good things you'll ever experience will be in this life; all the neutral and bad things too. Sometimes the bad things cloud everything else, but the trick is to *look* for the way out. Actually *look,* not just sit there for a few minutes and think "no, it all sucks and there's no hope." That's not being fair to yourself. If you *look*, you'll find we've constructed ourselves one hell of a great society that keeps giving people chances. Go for a long walk. Now. Walk three blocks farther than you think you want to.
Aunt Baby. She had problems. Internally.
&gt; Which aspects of the Trek future do you think will be possible in the near future? A nuclear holocaust.
Um it's clearly Braves great Sluie Sjeuvw.
Oh, look what you got! Two jacks! You got a half fizzbin already!
Hope you don't mind staying up reeeeeally late.
Whichever one copies the entire plot of the Old Testament and repackages it under a fresh coat of nostalgia.
Related: the last member of the 1945 NL champion Cubs died last year. There is no one on Earth who has won a pennant on the North Side of Chicago.
Data once refers to French as a dead language. However, Picard later speaks French to his brother, and Commander Radishes and his friends all know the words to "Frere Jacques," so either Data was attempting a burn on his captain or they retconned French back into the human lexicon. There is precedent to believe Picard is "always" speaking French. Chekov had a pronounced Russian accent, indicating that he was a native Russian speaker who was speaking English on duty. It's not a screen conceit: the "nuclear wessels" and "Wictor Wictor" gags from films 4 and 11 only work if he is attempting English. Picard, however, has no trace of a French accent. It's possible he learned both languages as a child and can speak English flawlessly. But no *other* characters with non-American backgrounds have any kind of accent other than various Commonwealth dialects. The UT doesn't seem to have a standard accent for English, because plenty of aliens whom we *know* don't speak English have various accents depending, basically, on the actor portraying them. The other possibility is that Picard is in fact a native English speaker and French is no longer spoken by the French people. Some have explained this as a result of WWIII, where France may have been somehow occupied or annexed by Britain. Whatever the case, maybe French is "dead" in the sense that France has adopted English for some reason. &gt; Also what does the Universal Translator do to children learning their native tongues? Are they all just learning some generic universal mathematic language? This is an excellent question I've never considered. Children *have* to know a language, or else the UT can't do much for them. They're probably okay by the time they start school, but it may be the case that UTs are kept away from smaller children because there's no effect or no benefit. Troi, for instance, was raised by a Terran and a Betazoid and though her parents may have used a UT to communicate with one another^1 anything Deanna heard in her formative years wouldn't have been translated to anything...she would have just learned both languages at once. ^1 A side question might be "how does the UT work in Betazoid telepathy" but I would propose that Betazoids aren't really hearing *words* but rather *ideas.*
Frasier is what I used to binge until The Office came along.
He was on. They had to edit him out because he was *too* good.
Safe at home.
Let's just say it's a trick Jedi use on someone's mind. I don't want to give it away.
The bet was mentioned in "Redemption Part I", more than a year after "Yesterday's Enterprise" (both coincidentally involving Tasha Yar). Possibilities: - The bet came about after Guinan told somebody she once made him laugh and they didn't believe her - The laugh in "Yesterday's Enterprise" was erased from the timeline due to all the temporal rift shenanigans. The sequence goes: Worf is with Guinan, Worf is called to the bridge, the 1701-C comes out, the episode depicts a day or two in the Darkest Timeline, the 1701-C goes back in, and the timeline is restored *with everyone still on the bridge examining the rift,* with Guinan now talking to Geordi. Did we go back in time to the point of divergence, or did it take several days to examine the rift? Why is Geordi now in Ten Forward when the ship is presumably at alert status? It seems to be a plot hiccup, but in-universe it could mean that the 1701-C caused a BttF-style ripple effect that changed things just enough so that Worf and Geordi swapped a shift that Wednesday morning?
I personally tend to shame him when he says things like "post a link to...any fossil that is between an amphibian and a fly."
Shatner as Khan confirmed.
I don't find any of those impossible to believe. If those were the criteria for a god, there wouldn't seem to be anything impossible to believe about that god. The problem is there isn't any reason to think such a god *actually exists.* It's like, let's suppose you have a neighbor. He's nine feet tall, 150 years old, has green skin, and can run a mile in three minutes. All of these attributes are impressive, but not impossible. Does this neighbor exist?
No NHL? He must've been too good for 'em.
We used to do this kind of thing to get Survivor spoilers off the CBS website. It's good to know webmasters are still dopes.
When he gets one down and in and he just golfs it, and the bat completes that circle, his legs twisting just as much as they need to and he comes to a stop to watch it fly over the right-field wall...all in one flawless motion...if he only did that *once* and never did anything else with a bat or a glove, he still would have deserved those last three votes today. We're calling pitchers "Rembrandt" now but we've got it all wrong.
Many many years ago the broadcast affiliates would run syndicated shows when they weren't in network prime time. The morning and afternoon had soaps, some morning talk shows, and maybe a noon news, but the rest of it was syndication. One affiliate per market would get Wheel and Jeopardy, the other game shows were scattered about the grid, and then it was cartoons, sitcoms, and Westerns/dramas. This went through about 5-7pm when the affiliates would run their respective local news programs, the national news, and then prime time would start. That was followed by the late local news and the talk shows, if the network had one. Then it was back to syndication, which late at night devolved into infomercials and preachers. In the *really* old days some affiliates would shut off and run a test pattern. Fox became the fourth network in the late 80s, and though its grid increased steadily over time, it didn't really reach the same solid programming status as the Big Three until it took over sports coverage in the mid-late 90s. So it was sort of a mix between a "real" network and an independent UHF-style station. It had X-Files and Simpsons and so on but there was no talk show (sorry Chevy) and, in my market, no local news. That gave it a bunch of extra time for evening syndication. So there was a time in the mid-90s when the Minneapolis Fox affiliate aired three episodes of TNG every weeknight. Every. Night. Three hours of TNG. That's a season in less than two weeks. There was also a span in which it was two TNGs and a TOS, but it was still three hours of Star Trek *every night.* On *network TV.* Now, to Millennials who grew up with on-demand binge-watching, three episodes a day probably doesn't sound all that insane. But DVDs, let alone streaming services, weren't even in our imaginations then. You could subscribe to a service where you got a 2-episode VHS every month or so, or you could tape the show when they aired the rerun. And that's what we did, all of us. Every Trekkie over a certain age has, or had, a pile of videocassettes in their entertainment center. So this was how we watched Star Trek. Indeed, this is how we *started* watching Star Trek. Every night. Saturated by it. It's no wonder we were hooked. DS9 ran on either our NBC or UPN affiliate, I forget which. Maybe it switched during the run. When it went into reruns, I think it was stuck down at around midnight. Not sure if Voyager *ever* went into reruns here, and by the time Enterprise came along the idea of network affiliates filling up their off-hours with old shows seemed to have taken a backseat to judge shows, trashy talk shows, and reality, reality, reality. But that's what I remember: TNG, always there on Fox 29. Watching TNG instead of doing homework, watching TNG instead of building social skills, watching TNG and enjoying every minute. I don't know if I would have been a Trekkie without those reruns. I certainly wouldn't have been so obsessed with Trek without them. I suppose having them all on Netflix is better for everyone. I suppose.
Or "I'm not done with him, Jacob! He stays on this side!"
That last hand might be the funniest thing ever aired on television.
They put "Kilroy Was Here" on the National WWII Memorial. It's a somber memorial to a somber event, and they included a cartoon meme. Most of the people who get the reference will be dead in a generation, but it will be there for all time because it tells us something about who they *were*, not just what they *did.* It doesn't stand out; you have to go looking for it. And that's what Griffey's plaque will be like. Anyone who's been to that museum knows that the plaques all look the same until you actually walk up to examine them. That's the point where you *might* notice that Griffey's hat is backwards. It'll tell future generations who he *was.*
You mean...like...a *Special Edition?*
If a scientist doubts the BBT and then becomes a Christian, they were a shitty scientist. It is not an either/or proposition; if you don't accept the established model explaining the expansion of the Universe, you are not automatically accepting the Christian creation myth. You would say "I don't know" until you had evidence in support of your belief. If you were a scientist.
There's a much more fitting one but I assume we're still in no-spoiler mode.
What's the second name on [this official poster?](http://i1-news.softpedia-static.com/images/news2/star-wars-the-force-awakens-gets-brand-new-poster-teaser-trailers-video-494821-2.jpg)
Was Han unimportant to Obi-Wan? His first mate helped Yoda escape Order 66. There's a connection there we know nothing about.
Aren't Jedi usually supposed to eschew love and family? He couldn't be Han's father. And Han would never name his son after Obi-Wan. Who would buy that?
Imagine Chewie being a courier between the two exiled Jedi, funneling information between Tatooine and Dagobah for decades right under Han's nose. How interesting that he pals around with a smuggler who works with the gangsters on Obi-Wan's planet. How interesting that he happened to be in that cantina just when Obi-Wan comes in looking for a ship.
It's not a flaw in the originals. I wouldn't have asked this question before EpIII, which is where the mechanics were first explained (or at least alluded to). If it's a discontinuity, it's only retroactively so.
Nero's disruption caused the UFP/Starfleet to become a bit more defensive and militaristic. Section 31 sought out the Botany Bay and brought it back to Earth, revived Khan and tried to get him to design new weapons. It's a little bit absurd, but not a breach of canon.
In a sense you could feel sorry for the new guys because despite creating a new timeline they're *still* saddled by canon in many places (i.e. you can't have them meet a young Picard or get into random skirmishes with the Borg), and you can't expect them to take time out of the progression of the film to explain "okay this is different but here's why it still makes sense." Marvel and DC don't have to worry about that, they can just mush disparate elements together and retcon whatever they want, because their fans aren't particular about having *one canon that must be internally consistent.*
Something to think about: there's a video of the table read for that script, and Andy's line isn't in it. That means they either added it during filming, or *he improvised it.*
It's called "Chaos on the Bridge" and it is so well-tailored to answering OP's question that I am forced to suspect that OP is a shill for the movie trying to get people talking about it.
And I'll bet I like things that you don't, which demonstrates the folly of fans boldly proclaiming "X is bad/not Trek."
It wasn't a serious statement. It's just funny that there is a film that so perfectly fits the question that it's like someone asking "is there an app that lets you meet other singles by anonymously deciding whether you like their Facebook photos?"
Olly-wolly polliwoggy ump-bump mothafuckin' fizz!
No, they're called *Pig* Newtons!
I was just thinking this morning whether there were any examples of foreign people "pretending" to speak English the way we do with other languages (like the Swedish Chef, or making random click consonants when impersonating African languages).
I saw you say "2005 was a really weak year" and I opened up the reply box all ready to school you on how great 2005 was. Then I went back and checked my personal top five for that year. Elizabethtown, Joyeux Noel, Everything is Illuminated, Brokeback Mountain, and Me and You and Everyone We Know. So, Crash it is, then.
Compared to the original one? Probably terrible. Maybe the original one accurately conveyed the tone of the film, which means that this recut misses the point entirely. I haven't seen the film yet so I can't determine which one is better, but since the people who make trailers generally know what they're doing, I'd guess that the original is more on theme. What was wrong with the original that someone felt they had to change it without having seen the film first?
I'm going to speculate that if an alien spacecraft actually managed to land on the White House lawn without being shot down, then the President (along with the rest of the Cabinet and Congress) would be instantly whisked away down whatever secret tunnels we have to take him to an undisclosed secure location. The ship would be surrounded first by Secret Service and then by Army/National Guard and every conventional weapon within a hundred miles would be trained on it. Then everyone would just wait until the aliens communicated. If it sounds scary and disheartening that first contact with aliens would come down the barrel of a gun, blame the aliens. Landing on the White House lawn means *they know* that the White House is the residence of the leader of Earth's largest power. There is no way to determine that just by buzzing through the solar system; they've been studying us. And if they've been studying us, they know we're aggressive, cautious, and a little paranoid, and that we don't fuck around with our security. They should be crystal clear on the fact that landing at the President's house is going to be interpreted as a provocative, intentional, calculated move, and that if they want to talk to him they're going to be doing it through Skype on a DoD laptop. A species that didn't research beforehand would have to just pick a population center (not necessarily the most populous city, but a metro with visible sprawl) and hope that one of us can take them to our leader. A *cautious* species would remain in orbit or land on the near side of the Moon and talk to us from there.
Predicting the United States. *Predicting.* The *United States.* The *Bible*. Predicted...the *United States.*
I went to conventions in the 90s to hear news and rumors. There were upcoming episodes to tease and slideshows of on-set pics. It was before the Web and before ubiquitous comic-cons and so Trek conventions were the place to get information about new stuff, both in Trek and in sci-fi as a whole (they'd talk about X-Files, Star Wars, Independence Day, etc.). Once I got a computer, I no longer had a personal need to go; I've never been starstruck by actors (though most of them put on a great show), I'm not interested in memorabilia and I frankly get a little embarrassed by some of the more extreme fans (the "what was the combination to your safe in episode 0125" people).
a) occasionally vaccines don't provide full protection. If you're exposed to the pathogen, there may still be a small chance of infection. But that's only if you're exposed to it. If you're vaccinated, and everyone else around you is vaccinated, the chances of being *exposed* to the disease are effectively eliminated. b) some people have legitimate reasons why they can't be vaccinated. They may have allergies or other dangerous reactions to the vaccine. That means they must rely on everyone else around them for protection.
The comics aren't canon. Just because a work is referenced doesn't make the work an official part of continuity. As an example, Uhura's first name, Nyota, originally appeared in a promotional novel in 1982. It wasn't given on screen until 2009. Does that make the promo novel canon? It doesn't. It makes the novel's use of Nyota canonically correct. I believe the reboot crew has made statements along the lines of "the tie-in comics are canon," but they don't have the authority to make that literally true. They are free to consider those comics as a part of the story they're telling, but nothing in them is part of official Trek continuity unless and until it has been presented on screen.
It's not splitting hairs; that's how [canon is defined](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Canon). By Paramount, by CBS, and by us. Canon is stuff on screen. There are some very good reasons to keep it that way: it's easier to maintain creative control when you're only worrying about one level of media, it's easier for producers and writers to adhere to it, and the other levels of media (such as print) aren't nearly as accessible to the public. We - the studios and the fans - have all made a general agreement to respect that line (at least with regard to *official* canon...each of us is free to maintain their own "head canon"). When new producers or writers are brought in to make a new film or series, they are essentially given permission - by the studios and fans - to make new canon. When a fan rants about how much they hate the new films, part of the reason is because they "must" accept those films as having equal standing to the rest of the canon franchise (again, individuals can decide what personal canon is for them...we're talking about *official* canon). The producers have *not* been given permission - by us or by Paramount - to alter the *definition* of canon. Again, the reboot crew can draw from whatever sources they wish when making their films. I'm sure that in the writers' room there are giant whiteboards filled with background information about the world they're playing in, stacks of notes and charts and all sorts of things. If they want to publish some of that in comic form, no one is stopping them, certainly not the Paramount marketing department. I've read some of those comics and they're very good. I even incorporate stuff like "Countdown" into my own head canon. These comics are effectively *their* head canon. But they're not within the boundaries of what we've collectively decided is official. A producer can't change those boundaries just by saying so.
Irvin was the oldest living Negro Leaguer, and the eighth-oldest Major Leaguer.
Mike Sandlock (cup-of-coffee catcher with Braves, Dodgers, and Pirates) is the oldest at 100. Red Sox great Bobby Doerr, the fourth-oldest at 97, is the oldest living Hall of Famer and the last man to have played during the 1930s (and the last to have shared a field with Lou Gehrig).
Is that a "Ted Williams is still alive" joke? Because otherwise there are plenty of living guys who played with Ted Williams.
You might. It's pretty much a given that Montreal will be the next stop. MLB is thinking about expanding again, but the other option is relocation. And that's where we come back to this whole NFL three-card monty. The Chargers might join the Rams in LA. If so, the NFL may help pay for the Raiders to get a new stadium in Oakland. Once they evacuate the Coliseum, the Athletics will be stuck with it. That's the last thing they want. But the NFL isn't going to build another dual-purpose stadium, and there's no way MLB is going to provide any kind of assistance along that avenue. So this deal may increase the likelihood that the A's will jump ship. Usually the rumors circle around other spots in NoCal, Portland or San Antonio, but there's one city that we know is baseball-ready and it's Montreal QC.
In ancient/medieval times people drove/walked on the left. Foot travelers would want to meet other travelers on their right side so they could extend a hand or a sword depending on the situation. Carriage drivers sat on the right and drove on the left so their whips wouldn't get tangled in stuff behind or beside them. The world started changing to right-side driving in the 18th century. The US did it because the carriages that were coming into use had no driver's seat, and the driver usually sat on one of the rear horses. He would sit on the left horse so his whip would hit the middle of the team, and since he was on the left he wanted oncoming traffic on the left so he could see how close he was. France did it because fuck tradition, and Napoleon brought that with him wherever he went (Hitler finished off the continent later). Only the Commonwealth held on, and many of those nations gradually adopted the "right" way as British influence waned.
I wonder if he'll have an encounter at some point with Anakin. We know Anakin can be a ghost, so perhaps he'll show up and grab Kylo and shake him and scream "what are you *doing*, kid?" The alternative is that Anakin is *already* talking to Kylo and that's *why* Kylo is evil. *dun dun dunnnnn*
I like to see every nominee before the ceremony. But I've never seen a Mad Max film. Will this be a problem? (same with Creed, I've only ever seen the first Rocky and that was a very long time ago)
No, I'm not entitled to content. I'm going to get it anyway. The internet is so faceless, so removed from traditional human interaction, that I don't notice the consequences of what I do. I don't notice that Netflix is charging my credit card every month, and I don't notice that no one is being paid when I torrent something. I go with whatever system gives me the content more easily. I've both streamed and downloaded movies that I *own on DVD on a shelf ten feet away*, because I don't feel like getting up. We've reached a tipping point. We now have access to all content. The route that access takes doesn't matter anymore unless two services are competing for the same content...in which case I will choose the faster, easier option regardless of any ethical considerations. I don't *see* the ethical considerations on my computer screen. It's not an excuse...it's an explanation. This is the mindset providers must deal with. I have no interest in sticking it to the man.
Q is omnipotent and as such he probably has at least some ability to see the future (though he and other Q have shown "surprise" at times). He may have left Voyager out there because it was *supposed* to be out there for some reason. Indeed, Voyager does play a critical role in a conflict between two powerful species that has ramifications affecting the entire galaxy...if you haven't reached that point yet, you will soon.
It's the offseason so my memory is cloudy but I thought that rotation was implemented, or at least cemented, *with* the Astros move. But yeah that's how it currently works.
I remember turning this off when I got to the part where they said the European explorer ships were *literally invisible* to the Indians because *they'd never seen ships before.*
I can assure you as an expert on Trek canon that there is absolutely no reference anywhere in any episode or film to there being a "new" Qo'noS. There is no reason to think it's not the same planet. It would not be impossible for them to have resettled (and potentially renamed not just the planet but geographical locations), but there is no evidence they did so.
If there is evidence it would seem you're the only one who's noticed it. M-A never mentions it in any relevant article.
Well Kirk is still the same *actual person*. Chekov and this new character were *conceived* at different times.
Why would you think a video that is framed perfectly enough to show both the people and the otherwise unoccupied umbrella is fake?
I'm not registering a complaint, only recording an observation. It's a different *timeline,* and the same rules of logic still apply. They can change whatever they wish, but if they're going to change the *decade* in which a character was born, it must be pointed out that it can't be the same physical person, even if we otherwise don't notice a difference.
Kirk had already been conceived when the divergence occurred. The biological, physical human being was already there...when he was actually born wouldn't have been relevant. Note that there could easily be *psychological* changes because of being born a week earlier, that a character could have a different *personality* and thus be a different "person." I'm strictly discussing the physical being.
For some reason I read this in the voice of the [Polite Arrested Australian.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEsZkTTgydc)
My best guess would be in "The Return" when Andy walks up behind Michael and agrees with him without knowing what he said. Andy: I feel ya, dawg. Michael: Yeah? What did I say? Andy: ...you said...*rid-dit-dit-duh-doo.* Which is like...right on. And Pam was like, "blah blah blah" and you were all "pshh." Nailed it. I can't be sure but I don't remember any instances before that.
It looked like a hole had been punched in the fabric of the sky and light was streaming in.
&gt; which could easily prove it to be a hoax If there are things that could easily prove something was a hoax, it would be accepted as a hoax.
I rested all the last dreams of my fading youth on Joe Mauer and I'll never give up on him.
I'll give a shout out to AR-558. That was heavy and raw, nothing like it in Trek before (well, fought between real people, and not between Abraham Lincoln and Kahless), and it was probably the darkest part of the darkest part of the darkest series, demonstrating that this perfect future we dream of is, in the words of the episode's sequel, only a paper moon, and at times must be vigilantly defended at great cost. In space, my favorite sequence isn't a battle, but the end of "Call to Arms" when Sisko has fled DS9, barely escaped, lost his son, and lamented the imminent destruction of the Federation. He grimly orders the Defiant forward, and we see it fly past us, away from Bajor and toward...the largest fleet of starships we've ever seen. It's easy to forget that was the first time we'd *ever* seen more than a few ships on screen at once. It was a kick-ass way to end a season.
There's gin and tonic in that nebula.
It's among television's most famous cliffhangers and should be treated as such.
I do. Silk is produced by the spinneret, an organ usually located on the underside of a spider. Most spiders have multiple spinnerets each producing a different type of silk.
Because Prime Scotty *is* [missing a finger.](http://i.stack.imgur.com/WqWcU.png)
I don't know why there is something instead of nothing. We're working on it. Maybe we'll figure it out someday. We've figured out pretty much everything else so far, so I'm optimistic. &gt; that doesn't mean such an answer doesn't exist. Indeed. There is an explanation, it's just a question of whether we can figure it out, and whether anyone's guessed correctly so far. There's no reason to think anyone has. Some physicists talk about bubbles and branes and so on. Religious folks just say God. It's all guesses. It's just that some guesses carry more weight than others. Some guesses are more sound than others. Some guesses actually start with the question, as we understand the question today, and frame themselves specifically to answer it, as opposed to guesses written millennia before the question even existed, tailored to answer completely different questions but rephrased into a modern context that doesn't hold rational merit.
The attitude toward the newer seasons on reddit? The attitude toward the newer seasons has been a tradition of fans for *over twenty years.* I was saying "this show sucks now, I miss classic Simpsons" before some of these redditors were born. IT'LL HAPPEN TO *YOU*
Ships have fired torpedoes at surface targets from orbit.
When TNG first premiered in 1987, many Trekkies felt the same way you do. They didn't want to get to know new characters. They didn't want to get accustomed to an updated vision of the future. To them, TNG wasn't Star Trek. I recommend you plow through it. A lot of us agree that it picks up in season three. And there are certainly some clunkers in seasons one and two. But those seasons also have a handful of truly excellent stories, and they are the best way to get to know the cast. Honestly, there is nothing in the first two seasons that is any worse than the worst parts of TOS, and TOS can get pretty bad.
If Spock hadn't been resurrected, the reboot Vulcan would indeed have been fine, but not for the reason you're proposing. If Spock had remained dead, Earth would have been destroyed several months later by the cetacean probe. Spock was the one who determined the precise calculations needed for time-warp. They couldn't have done it without him, and you can't exactly fit a whale through the Guardian of Forever. Indeed, if Kirk had failed to save Spock, he'd probably be killed on Earth. They'd have gone right home to face the music instead of hanging out on Vulcan until returning at exactly the right moment to save everyone. If Kirk hadn't *tried* to save Spock, he'd be a desk jockey at HQ, same difference. No one on Earth could have helped because the power had been drained. With Earth gone, things play out very differently over the next century, and it's entirely possible that the supernova situation would have been handled in a different way, that Nero would have been killed, or his family would have been spared, or he wouldn't have been born in the first place. But it would be unlikely that any Federation ambassador would have tried and failed to save Romulus, as it would be unlikely the Federation would still exist without the bulk of the Terran species (no Picard, no Sisko, etc.). And thus even if Nero had faced the same situation, he'd have no one to take revenge upon, and wouldn't go back in time, and the reboot timeline would not have been created. The needs of the many, indeed.
It should be stressed that those novels are not actually canon. They played a role that was similar to the current comic series in the reboot timeline; they inform the writers and give background templates on characters and events, but they aren't actually exceptions to the canon rule (which is tv and movies, nothing more). Once Jeri Taylor left the show, episodes started contradicting the information in those novels. You'll note that the link you provided is on archive.org and I don't think it exists on the site anymore. The novels are not included in the database or on M-A. TAS is, of course, a grey area...it was struck from canon in the 80s but has since been treated as though it were canon by Paramount and CBS (included in the database, given a DVD release, etc.).
I've been waiting for the reboot timeline to move forward into the TNG era. It seems like TNG should be just as marketable to general audiences as TOS has been. TNG is my show but I'd be totally okay with seeing a fresh take on it.
Here's the synopsis for the [Stargate](http://stargate.wikia.com/wiki/The_Game) episode. I don't watch that show, but browsing that page it sounds like it has elements from TOS' "A Taste of Armageddon" and DS9's "Move Along Home," so that might be what has confused OP.
If there were a "multiverse," it would simply mean that other universes exist, not that *all possible* universes exist. If all possible universes existed, there must be a universe where people teleport a bag of marshmallows through the multiverse fabric, into our universe, and onto my keyboard right...*now.* Nope.
In that context it looks like he's the door guy at Best Buy. But repurposing obviously identifiable objects is a deep and grand tradition of the franchise.
"This is a Federation News Network special broadcast. Please stand by for breaking developments in the current emergency." Up and down Lombard Street, people milled around shop windows, information kiosks, and vehicle displays. Some carried padds and were promptly surrounded by those without, craning their necks to get the best view. It wasn't hard to hear; all the traffic had stopped, a hush had fallen on the clustered crowds, and each viewscreen piped out the same clear audio that echoed down the canyons of every street in San Francisco, in every city on the planet. "This is T'Lora at FNN Center in London," the anchorwoman on the screen began, "and there are new reports coming in. Sources within Starfleet tell FNN that...that the Borg have broken through the Mars Defense Perimeter." A rushed, alarmed murmur swept through the crowd. "This is it," said one man, "we're done for." T'Lora continued. "It is estimated that the Borg craft will reach Earth orbit within the hour. All remaining vessels in the area are converging at Spacedock to make one final stand. We are awaiting confirmation from Starfleet and the Council on these developments." "We need to stock up on rations," said a man to his wife. "It's too late for that," someone else replied. "If you don't have real food by now, you never will. Better use up all your credits now." As though everyone had heard him, people up and down the street gradually began pacing, then hurriedly walking, and then running toward the replicator stations at cafes, restaurants and food stands. "I'm beaming to Siberia, that's the last place they'll go." "You'd be crazy to beam, the system will be overloaded." "Well I can't take a shuttle there!" "What's everyone worried about?" an old man yelled. "Why should we believe we're in any danger?" "Do you know where you are, old man?" cried a woman. "You're less than a mile from Starfleet Headquarters. That's the first place they'll attack!" She whipped her finger down the street, where, in the distance beyond Lombard Gate, the glistening towers and cultivated expanse of the Federation's command defense center lay, almost unassuming. Then the sirens started. A shrill, high whine varying in pitch emanated from unseen sources...seemingly from everywhere. Barely audible over the noise, an automated voice declared: "This is a civil defense alert. This is a civil defense alert. Citizens are advised to seek cover immediately. If you are outdoors, please follow the red lines toward the nearest shelter." The sidewalks glowed red, and blinked in a moving pattern around various corners. All hell broke loose. Screams were drowned out by the sirens. People mobbed toward shop doors, trampled each other to find shelter, and launched their vehicles skyward, some with people still clinging to the sides. Peacekeepers initially tried to wave their arms and their weapons, trying to keep people calm, but they quickly realized that it was no use and joined the crush of chaos as survival instinct washed away two hundred years of civilized humanity. Though no one was still paying attention, the red alert on the viewscreens was replaced by the face of the Federation President. His voice was just audible over the din. "People of Earth, this is President Stephen McIntyre in Paris. As you may know by now, the planet Earth is the target of an approaching hostile force. I have implemented the Emergency Alert System and am advising all citizens to seek shelter at once. The Borg are believed to be a ruthless, emotionless invasion force. They will not negotiate with you, they will not spare you. They will either kill you or take you prisoner. I implore you to leave populated areas as quickly and as calmly as possible. Do not use the transporter network. Flee on vehicles or on foot. Or hide. Do whatever you can to keep the spirit of--" The President's feed was suddenly cut off, and replaced by a darkened chamber, lit only by a muted, sickly green. A figure was centered in view, a pale, hairless man adorned in electronic circuitry. A red laser shone from a device attached to the right side of his head. In the background, a female with similar cybernetic implants stood in the shadows, smiling coldly. When the man spoke, it seemed as though a million voices spoke with him. "We are the Borg. You will lower your defenses and prepare to surrender. Your existence as you know it is over. From this point forward, you will adapt to service us. Resistance is futile." The screens all went blank. Overhead, in the cloudless morning sky, a brilliant flash appeared as the Spacedock exploded. From the Presidio, dozens of cargo and transport vessels were beginning to leave en masse. As paradise slipped into anarchy, a shopkeeper stood in his doorway, leaning against the wall with his arms folded over a coffee-stained apron. He surveyed the crowd, the hysteria, the violence, the impending doom, and smiled weakly. He didn't seem worried. After all, this is why he was sent here.
I would have gone with something like "Sabotage," but oh well.
I have no problem with it being a major sport, and I think it will be someday. But it ain't yet.
End o' story.
Do you have any examples of people being called conspiracy nuts for suggesting a ninth planet *whose claims have now been substantiated by this news?* The people being called conspiracy nuts were the ones claiming that there's a hidden Earth on the opposite side of the Sun, or that there's a planet beyond Pluto *and that's where the Reptilians set up their base.* There have always been otherwise legitimate assertions of extra planets, and most of *those* have been thoroughly debunked or discounted. "Planet X" during the 60s-80s was supposed to be an explanation for perturbations in Uranus' orbit that Neptune couldn't account for. Those perturbations were later realized to be an error; "Planet X" was proven false (or at least unnecessary). This new data **has nothing to do** with that Planet X. It's based on speculation dating back only 10-15 years as our understanding of the Kuiper Belt began to pick up steam. No one that I've seen has ever dismissed this speculation as hogwash; it's always been wait-and-see.
John Coffey. He tried to take it back, but he couldn't.
That's because "Riker Maneuver" was [already taken](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVIGhYMwRgs)
It's always best to use Memory Alpha instead of wikipedia. M-A has caretakers more actively concerned with keeping correct canon. M-A makes no mention of an October 9 date. A prop made for Generations but not used in the final film suggests a date of [October 11](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Federation_Day). Whoever put the 9th into wikipedia is either screwing around or using a non-canon source so obscure that it can't be found anywhere. 2161 was first canonized in "The Outcast" although I think there might have been earlier reference materials giving that date.
The Thursday day game is the great secret joy of baseball. I never talk about it, because if everyone knew about it, it would cease being great. Stretching your legs out on the seat in front of you, no lines at the concessions or bathrooms, the three hours of sunshine, the faint rumbling of the city around you as the poor saps who don't actively worship this religion suffer through their day...it's the last vestige of the old game where it was like that *every* day.
How often do the tire-changing guys get their feet run over? Bottom right guy got out of there with a frame to spare.
I'm not in favor of either murder or injustice, so looks like we're on the same side. That's a relief.
&gt; "Everybody realizes that the world has changed and these people are never going to give up, so we have to give up some of our comforts." This is how liberty dies.
&gt; International expansion would help grow baseball's borders "Making baseball bigger would help make baseball bigger"
It's easier to get out of a bed that's suspended some distance off the ground. It's easier to navigate a room when you have a taller piece of furniture as opposed to something on the ground you may not always see. It creates a space under the bed for storage. In some places it can also reduce the amount of spiders and insects that crawl around during the night.
My mistake. I know very little about bocce ball.
So [116 players have done it](http://www.baseball-almanac.com/feats/feats5.shtml). I counted 19 pitchers. The remaining 97 would average out to about 10 per position (eight positions plus DH). So it could easily be true, though it should be noted that "most common" doesn't equate to "majority."
I read that thread. Most of the respondents have pointed out that the Bible doesn't explicitly claim a young Earth -- people just extrapolate the age by adding up genealogies -- and that it's only a relatively small portion of modern Christians who actually adhere to the young Earth idea at all...most Christians worldwide accept scientific conclusions to varying degrees. So if that's what's shaking you, keep in mind that many Christians have figured out how to reconcile what the Bible says (or what some infer from it) with what science says, and so theoretically you could too. It sounds, though, as if you're having doubts about the larger issues at hand. You asked in that thread if you were "broken." Someone responded "that's the idea, we all are." Unfortunately, that *is* something that quite a few Christians believe, that people are inherently wicked, sinful, etc. "Broken." I don't know what "broken" means in this context. It seems to mean that there is something fundamentally wrong with your soul. Well...I don't know what "soul" means either. These are words that seem to have different definitions from person to person. There doesn't seem to be a specific objective idea of what a soul is, and how it can be broken. *All* the information we have about souls as Christians understand them comes from two places: the Bible, and those who are given authority to disseminate what's in the Bible. Most say that the ultimate reason why our souls are broken goes back to Eden when Eve tasted the fruit against God's wishes. Original sin. That's the reason why all future humans have suffered, why they commit evil, why Jesus had to sacrifice himself. All the information we have about Adam and Eve comes from two places: the Bible, and those who interpret the Bible. All the information we have about Moses comes from the Bible. History does not record the enslavement or liberation of Israelites from Egypt. All the information we have about Jesus comes from the Bible. There are no contemporary accounts or records of his life or death. All the information we have about heaven and hell comes from the Bible and from those who interpret it. There is no evidence that these places or concepts exist, or that there is any metaphysical component to a human, or that there is any part of a human that survives death. All the information we have about God comes from the Bible and from those who interpret it. There are many other concepts of God and gods outside of the Bible, but identical statements can be made about each of them, and a person not indoctrinated into those belief structures can much more easily realize this. Some will claim the Bible has all the answers. It apparently does. The problem, though, is determining whether those answers are accurate. The problem is: **is there any reason to believe the Bible is *actually true?*** For a person raised under the Bible, who fears what God might do to them if they doubt, that's a really, really tough question to consider honestly. At the end of the day, we fear death, we want to beat death, and the only hope for that is this idea that you can live forever if you just be good and worship a god. If that's the only hope, the last thing you want to do is even *think* about peeking behind the curtain to see if it's real. It took me a while to get to that point...and I wasn't even Christian. But once I did take that chance, it didn't take any time at all to determine the answer is No. There is a difference, of course, between doubting a claim and stating the claim is false. We now know most of Genesis cannot be true (the creation myth, the Eden story, the flood), but nowhere have I stated there was no Moses, there was no Jesus, there is no God. I don't claim that "No" is the actual answer. But if there is evidence showing my answer is incorrect, if there is evidence for God, for Jesus, for Moses, for floods or angels or souls or sin, then *none of it has yet been presented to me.* There needs to be something outside of one book, something compelling that can withstand falsifiability, something that can be examined scientifically. If that existed, I'd be in that other thread instead of in this one. So far, nothing.
By precisely the same logic, you can't dissociate the link between breast milk and autism.
You might be in the wrong sub. I don't understand a word of that.
Measurement and laws are concepts we use to define and quantify the physical. They are real because they can be applied consistently to produce the same results. The Universe is not metaphysical. It is the aggregate of all physical reality.
I didn't say laws were physical things. They are *properties* of physical interactions.
If you want to say they're metaphysical, go ahead! I don't know why you'd think I would disagree. Understanding, of course, that we're both using *your* definition of "metaphysical," which I'm accepting tentatively for the sake of moving the discussion along.
I've speculated on evolution in the Trek world [before](https://www.reddit.com/r/DaystromInstitute/comments/23x1hf/on_tortoises_termites_and_tarquin_hill/) and it is a subject that I enjoy discussing. "The Chase" explicitly states that humans (and all other humanoids) are a product of intelligent design. We find no evidence of this today, because we don't have the technology to examine our DNA in such detail and because we don't have other trees of life to compare it against. The modern theory of natural selection is either *wrong* or *subdued* by the seeders' actions (i.e. the seeders themselves may have evolved through natural selection). The question is: how did everyone explain the abundance of humanoids *before* "The Chase?" What did Federation biologists say when people asked them why all aliens looked similar? TOS mentioned something called "Hodgkin's Law of Parallel Planet Development," but if we are to take it at its name, then it's a *law*, which defines physical properties and interactions, and not a *theory*, which explains *how* those laws work. So what was the *theory* of anthropomorphized exobiology? My feeling is that Federation scientists had already guessed at the existence of the seeders. In our world, when we make contact with actual aliens, we do not expect them to have any remote resemblance to us. It would be weird to find an alien with *blood*, or even a stomach or brain, let alone a humanoid. But as the Vulcans and other species gradually made first contact with one another, they would have been astonished to find not just humanoids, but *mammals*...and species who can successfully reproduce with one another. We can't impregnate a chimp, but Spock, Troi, Torres, and countless other examples show that aliens can intermingle. That should be *impossible* in naturalistic evolution, and so the prevailing ideas *must* have gravitated toward directed panspermia. Galen's work simply confirmed what they had already suspected. Incidentally, "The Chase" indirectly forgives what are seemingly unscientific principles in "Genesis." That episode portrays crewmembers "de-evolving" into other forms of life, claiming that those forms of life are still vestigially present in "junk" DNA in extant organisms. But cats didn't evolve from iguanas, and humans didn't evolve from spiders. My theory is that the humanoid form was *not* the only thing the seeders wanted to preserve. They valued all the life on their planet, and wanted to make sure that all its legacy was passed on. So they encoded the patterns of tons of animals, not just humans, and the "program" went about its merry way, spitting out a lizard here, a rat there, and so on. This explains why many creatures on other planets are basically just weird variants of Earth creatures: O'Brien's tarantula, the needle snakes, viruses...even targs are just ugly pigs. And in order for each planet to eventually produce each animal, *every life form on every planet must contain the code for every animal provided by the seeders.* It's like the Ultimate Question being programmed into Arthur Dent's head. Barclay has the spider program in his DNA...and the fish program, and the fungus program, and so on. We all do. As far as natural selection, what might happen is that the program tries out different mutations every now and then, and if they happen to survive in the environment then they live on and the program goes a little further. This would mean that it's always trying every pattern, and thus you get examples of divergent evolution: in real life you have Old World and New World vultures, and in Star Trek you have Humans and Voth.
Gotta read the bios man! Never judge a book by its cover, you gotta read the blurb on the inside of the dust jacket at least!
Rosenthal: DH traded to NL in exchange for AT&amp;T Park and East Coast rivalry to be named later
Pretty sure the entire website is run by someone with a marked mental disability. I don't mean that to be rude, it's just that I've seen that kind of thing before. It's poorly designed and the articles are just regurgitating really old news (how many of us didn't know the new movie skipped a couple of years?).
She means that the holodeck can create a horse out of thin air. The wind, as it were.
Just pointing out that from 1978-87 *ten* different teams won the Series and the rolling total was 9 throughout the 80s. It's been at this level more or less since the end of the 60s which is when expansion teams started succeeding. http://i.imgur.com/4QCB93J.jpg (I made this a couple years ago)
I know you've decided to stop responding, but I read Chapter III of *Dealing with Doubt*. The author presents no evidence of Jesus' resurrection, other than the Bible itself (he does mention the Shroud of Turin, but that's been dismissed as a medieval forgery for decades). That's been the problem with this debate all along: the Bible is the *claim.* We are trying to determine the accuracy of the *claim,* and in doing so you cannot *cite the claim*. That's circular reasoning. The Bible is not a contemporary record. It is not firsthand. It mentions some real places and a handful of real individuals, but so does *The Great Gatsby.* To demonstrate the historicity of the resurrection, you'd need to dig up independent, contemporary records of the event. That hasn't been done, not just for the resurrection, but for the entirety of Jesus' life at all. Not one piece of the story can be validated. If there were external documentation recording Jesus' birth, life, death, and resurrection, there would be far less controversy on the subject. We're still waiting for a shred of that evidence to surface.
Content is going to continue to fracture as each studio and each network launch their own separate services. Eventually we'll be asked to pay almost as much as cable tv to get everything we want. I'd rather pay one fee to get everything. Netflix could theoretically do that. It could be Amazon or Hulu too, doesn't matter, as long as it's one service. I'm not going to pay for ten different services. So my current behavior will continue: I'll check Netflix first and if it doesn't have what I want then I go to Pirate Bay. That's how I'll get the new Star Trek too. Sorry, I'm not going to play it their way. Once upon a time that meant I just didn't get to see content, but hey, in the 21st century I can steal it with no hassle or consequences. Oh well.
Wait until you get to "Rejoined."
You forgot the most rational explanation: that it's a story, and there isn't much point to saying "thirty-one and a little bit extra cubits" or even "just over thirty cubits." There's nothing wrong with saying it was thirty cubits for the sake of brevity...it gets the point across (not that the Bible is always concerned about brevity either). If I wrote a novel where I described the Empire State Building as "a thousand feet high," no one would jump down my throat for leaving off the additional 250 feet. The only time I would bring up the reference would be if someone were arguing that the Bible is a reliable source of scientific truths. I wouldn't claim it was an error, but that it was too vague to be useful to us: we couldn't determine the true circumference of a circle from that information.
[The crowd at the 1903 World Series](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/WorldSeries1903-640.jpg)
I also think the show should center around the aftermath of Romulus' destruction, and I also have a whole head-canon idea for what it should be, and I also fantasize about them plucking me out of obscurity and making me the show runner, and we're probably not the only ones, but in a way I hope that it's something entirely different that I'm not expecting at all.
&gt; I have depression and disassociative disorder. Earlier you said &gt; I'm not mentally ill
Yeah? When's the last time New Jersey put out a Minnesota? Didn't think so.
If the flat Earth were a circle, you'd only get the circular shadow if the Moon were directly overhead during the eclipse (and the Sun was underneath the Earth). But some parts of the Earth get the eclipse when the Moon is near the local horizon, when the Sun has just set or is just about to rise. In those cases, the shadow should appear to be just a line because the Earth is edge-on between the other two bodies. But it's still round.
It's not just the Moon that appears upside-down...the stars and planets get flipped too (at least the ones that both hemispheres can see). Orion stands upright in the north but is doing a handstand in the south.
&gt; yet lighthouses can be seen at up to 100 miles Looks like you've been posting this a lot lately, and it seems like this claim is where you might be tripping up. **Who is saying you can see lighthouses from 100 miles away?** Where are you getting that number?
The dune buggy didn't make sense. Since their ship has evidently crashed or something, they may be short on shuttles and beaming, so a motorcycle might be their best option for whatever they're doing. Let's *see the movie* before deciding if it sucks; it's not like they're going to take the motorcycle out of the film because we don't like it in the trailer.
Aside from everyone else's observations: Why didn't Soran just fly a ship into the Nexus? That's how he and Guinan and Kirk got into it the first time. Who cares if the ship is destroyed?
Always liked when Buck O'Neill says "I only heard that sound three times. Off Babe Ruth's bat, Josh Gibson's bat, and now Bo Jackson's bat." As though Bo Jackson was going to be in the top tier of all-time great hitters.
It's been pointed out that the markings on the Franklin resemble Prime insignia rather than reboot stuff, so if it's a ship from before the divergence that would make sense.
Brilliant. The Chekov uniform is glaring. It would hardly be the first time Trek has borrowed story themes from other sources so this would carry on a long tradition.
First, a small nitpick: while the information on that timeline is correct through 2387 and serves your argument adequately, it's not "official" in that it's from STO, which isn't canon. You're not the first person to point this out. There really isn't a sensible, clear-cut explanation, but that's to be expected with time-travel (for instance, why did Nero's trip create an alternate timeline, when other time-travel excursions seemed to overwrite the original timeline?). In *most* cases, the various time-travel stories involved the crew *correcting* a potential change, or otherwise causing no change. Edith Keeler was supposed to die. Gary Seven would have figured out whatever he was doing. The Borg may not have even attempted to stop Cochrane. Gabriel Bell...*might* have led the revolt, we don't know. There are, of course, other problems. "Time's Arrow" depicts aliens killing 19th century humans. The TNG crew only discovered this because Data's head led them there. Presumably events will turn out differently, and maybe the aliens will succeed in their plan. *But*, maybe killing a bunch of humans is *okay* as far as the timeline is concerned. Maybe if they were unimpeded they would have had their fill and moved on. Maybe the El-Aurians would have stopped them when they picked up Guinan. Or -- and this is the ultra-convenient universal solution to all these problems -- maybe the timeships from the future will correct all of these issues. We've seen that they can monitor the space-time continuum for anomalies. If there's a change, they investigate and correct the problem. If there's *not* a change when there's supposed to be, maybe they fix that too. So maybe the reboot version of the 31st century has a timeship going around doing all the time-travel stuff the Enterprise/Defiant/Voyager was supposed to do: stopping the Devidians, saving the whales, starting the computer revolution, etc. I have an additional possibility. It could be that the pre-2233 past truly is entirely shared by the two timelines. *Either one* could go back and change things for *both* timelines. All the time-travel adventures we've seen so far were incursions by the Prime characters. Let's say that in the reboot timeline, the Federation is assimilated by the Borg in 2367. The events of First Contact never occur. But the history of the reboot timeline *still records* the Phoenix being attacked by cyborgs, humans from the future saving the day, and the remnants of the cyborgs waking up a century later and sending a message to the Delta Quadrant. Even though the reboot version of Picard and co. *couldn't* have done that mission, it happened *anyway* because they share the past with the Prime timeline. Consequently, if there are ever reboot timeline adventures into the past, *their* actions will also affect the *Prime* timeline. Just another Saturday night arguing about Star Trek.
Own "The Revenant" on DVD or Blu-Ray, with collectible "Own Star Wars: The Force Awakens on DVD or Blu-ray" slipcover!
I made a playlist of my all-time favorite Al songs and it wasn't until I was done that I realized they were *all* originals.
&gt; The episode first aired in 1999....17 years ago. Holy shit, it's been that long.....? Which means the Behind the Music for Weird Al is now closer in time to the release of Al's first album than it is to today (though Al was making a name for himself before that album came out).
I don't support Clinton, which makes it less likely I'd support her vp pick.
I'm not a Democrat.
I need evidence that a god exists. Sufficient evidence would convince me. Your personal experience does not, nor do fallacious assertions like "everybody is too unique to be just an accident."
&gt; what makes ya'll commit to your belief Which "belief" are you referring to? A couple of people have already pointed out to you that there are no beliefs tied to atheism.
Think what way? I'm not objecting to your terminology...I have beliefs, just not any that are tied to my status as an atheist. It seems like you think there *are* beliefs tied to atheism and we're explaining that there aren't.
The Q are simply an omnipotent race of beings. They're not the only ones that the Enterprise has encountered. The Organians, the Prophets, Trelane's people, Kevin Uxbridge's people...they all display some degree of omnipotence and possibly timelessness. The Q are the most interesting of these because through "Q" (John de Lancie's character) we learn a great deal more about them than the others. There is no explanation for the universe in the Trek world. There is no *ultimate* origin for the humanoid form, although a TNG episode does explain why the humanoid form is ubiquitous in the galaxy.
Well he wasn't "supposed" to be since he appeared 20 years before the Q were conceived, but it's a connection explored in beta canon and I support it.
[They were about to show a closeup of the rod!](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/simpsons/images/c/c8/FUEL_ROD.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121216011741)
There is no difference.
I'm starting to wonder when the bad news is going to start coming in for this show.
Oh it's not going to last. But while it's *here,* it's difficult to see how it can go wrong. We're probably looking at a Firefly situation.
Thanks for not imposing a limit. I'll take all of them. Five-shift rotation, each crew takes a shift.
&gt; How long do you **reckon** these 4 might survive? [Don't you worry Commander, we'll have those runabout folks home in time for supper.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-f9Fcx2DH3j0/UfhSdDJgRXI/AAAAAAAAA_I/KaYjmr-RHuY/s1600/ST+TNG+A+Fistful+of+Datas+5.jpg)
**Gemfire**, a strategy game from Koei (makers of Nobunaga's Ambition). I *still* play it on emulator. Also, **Extra Innings**. Not the most popular SNES baseball game, but certainly at the top of the fun &amp; playability rankings.
&gt; I am very much reminded of Michael Douglas' character in Falling Down. Brilliant, I'm going to think of Nero this way from now on.
The TOS remasters have an unintended effect of highlighting *other* problems with the show. TOS is very dated. Not just visually, but thematically and tonally, in its sensibilities, in its archaic, uncomfortable position within the franchise that we know today. The most obvious of these, though, were in the effects. They were great for the era and the budget, but they just didn't stand up to modern scrutiny. That's why they were remastered. And after the remaster, with the effects updated and the prints cleaned, the look of the show is no longer distracting you from everything else, and it's easier to notice that every time a female enters the room there's a lilting musical cue and all the heads turn.
Surprisingly, this remains (at least to my knowledge) one of the great unsolved mysteries of the franchise. To this day, no one seems to know for sure whether that really was Kelsey Grammer. It seems really, really unlikely that they'd bring him in to record a single word (if he had other dialogue that was cut, then we would certainly have known that he had a real cameo), but it definitely does sound like him. After 20 years you'd think someone would just ask him.
The best of both worlds would be to start the series with all these veterans, and then slowly phase in new blood as it goes forward. TNG sorta did that (sorta by necessity) and we ended up with guys like Menosky and this obscure fellow named Ron Moore.
Well, I'm talking about *teleportation* in the real world, which doesn't actually transfer matter. It just transfers information, which could theoretically be applied to matter states. Effectively a real-world teleporter is going to create a duplicate of the object...whether it destroys the original or not depends on the specific technology. We ought to agree that if you're duplicated and the original you remains, it is clearly a new person with a new consciousness even if no one (including the copy) can tell the difference. But if the original you is discarded, that's the only change in the teleportation process. It's still a copy of you at the other end. The copy would experience stepping into the machine and jumping to the other machine; the original would experience stepping into the machine and dying. To believe a real-world teleporter didn't kill you, you would have to demonstrate that consciousness can exist outside the body, and there's no actual evidence in favor of that...consciousness is simply an emergent property of the physical brain. Even if you could do that, you'd have to figure out how (and if) the consciousness can make the jump from your old body to your new one. How would it know where to go? The difference between teleporters and the Trek transporter is that the transporter takes the actual matter and beams it to the destination in the form of energy, where the matter is reassembled, not duplicated. We don't know of any way to actually do that in real life, but if we did then there would be a more substantial debate over whether you're still the same "person" on the other side. Incidentally, sleep is not actually a state of unconsciousness...it is an altered state of consciousness. There are forms of sleep which might serve your analogy, but from a certain point of view, it is possible for a person to live their entire lives without a strict break in their stream of consciousness, despite sleeping every night. With that in mind, it's less likely that you might "die" between the evening and morning, although the analogy might still hold for states of true unconsciousness. Nevertheless, it would apply only to the Trek-style transporter where matter is moved, not to the real-world style teleporter where matter is duplicated. In the real world, the necessity of death (or cloning) would be a topic for neuroscientists, whereas in the Trek world, the possibility of death would be a topic for philosophers. I argue that it's not really that much of a possibility, because if it were, there would be far more people who would refuse to step into one and Starfleet would not use it on people without permission. Note that we know of only three characters who didn't like the transporter (Bones, Pulaski and Barclay), and their concerns involved accidental death...they never raised the question of consciousness transfer at all.
Fundamentalist Trekkie apologist here, with a rationalization I hope you and others find acceptable. Logically, Romulus could only be physically destroyed by an exploding star if said star was the Romulan sun itself. So...maybe it was. Maybe the Romulan star went critical, but not rapidly enough that they couldn't attempt to stop it using their red matter solution (which would have swallowed the star and screwed Romulus anyway, but at least they'd have more time to evacuate). Why did the star blow up? Well, frankly I think the next series should explore the political ramifications of that, since it's awfully suspicious. Note that we know of at least one way to destroy a star: trilithium, used in Generations, and said to have been a subject of study by...the Romulans. So then, what does "threaten to destroy the galaxy" mean? Perhaps Spock was speaking metaphorically. Perhaps he meant that the outright destruction of a major power during a time of reduced hostility (post-Nemesis) would destabilize the entire quadrant. The surviving pieces of the Empire would strike out like hornets from a fallen nest, the Klingons and Federation would quarrel over the fate of Romulan territory, the Vulcans would be torn over welcoming refugees back home, and on and on. Losing that planet really could be seen as figuratively "destroying the galaxy," and while Spock isn't known for mixing metaphors, this was during a mind meld and things can get a little foggy in there. What this proposal doesn't explain is why Spock dropped the red matter into the nova anyway, even after Romulus was destroyed. Maybe there were things/people in the outskirts of the system that could still be saved, or maybe his scientific curiosity took over and he just wanted to see what would happen if he made a black hole.
For your argument to have merit, the vaccine would have to kill more people than *would have died from measles if there were no vaccine.* From the [CDC's website](http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/pubs/pinkbook/meas.html), the average number of deaths in the US before the introduction of the vaccine was around 500. Total number of confirmed deaths from the vaccine? **Six, in severely immunocompromised persons.** If *six* people dying from the vaccine is more than the number of deaths from measles in the US, that might be because *the vaccine successfully prevents people from contracting measles.*
Societies function best when its members refrain from harming other members. To that end, laws are enacted to prevent such harm. Usually those laws tell you you *can't* do something (murder, rape, theft), but on occasion they'll tell you you *must* do something. A free people might instinctively object to the latter, but the purpose is the same: the right to swing your fist ends at the next person's nose.
More specifically, the EMH doesn't have a human brain. He's only human on the outside. You could probably build him a physical version of his body complete with organs (in the same way that we can 3-D print organs today) but the brain inside his head would either be a copy of someone else's brain (hence copying someone else's mind) or a blank brain that couldn't house the Doctor's consciousness.
Useless Trekkie trivia: For a very long time, the captain of the Enterprise was James T. Kirk, who we watched in the 60s and later in the 80s in a series of films in which Kirk and his crew clearly aged considerably, so much so that it was a running joke in pop culture...more than one film actually used age or the passage of time as a theme. When we last see Kirk in the 7th film, he has led quite a life, most of which we have seen on screen over nearly three decades. In the Trek universe, though, Kirk is just 60 years old in that last movie. When Jean-Luc Picard assumed command of the Enterprise at the beginning of The Next Generation, he was already 59 years old. When he meets Kirk in the seventh film (through time travel), he is 66. But much of that meeting is spent with Kirk lecturing Picard as though he were a young whippersnapper, despite Picard being chronologically older. The last time we see Picard is three films later, when he is 74. It was 28 years between when we first see William Shatner in the original series and when we last see him in the seventh film. The difference is obvious. It's been 29 years since The Next Generation premiered, and Patrick Stewart looks almost exactly the same. It must be the tea.
Beverly is actually 19 years younger than Picard. She and her husband served under him on the Stargazer. As for Sarek and Spock, they're Vulcans, so they probably have a different lifespan. McCoy and Archer, though, were both humans who were known to have lived beyond 130, so yes there have been advancements in longevity.
She didn't say he was biologically 147, she just said he was 147, and she said it jokingly. Biologically, Scotty was 72...he was trapped in the transporter shortly after Generations.
Earth dog or Vulcan dog?
Should I have diverged from the topic to give a detailed explanation of how Kirk met Picard and made my post even longer, or could "time travel" have been sufficient for a general audience?
There is, and we're about three years away from "catching up" to that episode, although the "makeup" consisted of little more than a gray beard.
I have never forgiven them for blowing up the D. That was my ship, the ship I grew up on, it was bright and comfortable and warm. It had an arboretum and dolphins and the lowliest non-com had their own quarters. It gave birth to a screensaver. Bones said that if we treated it right, it would always bring us home. But it never needed to. It *was* home. Then they blew it up for absolutely no reason. It was a cool scene, but when Picard and Kirk leave the Nexus and go back to the planet I got distracted, thinking "wait...the ship already crashed by then. How are they going to save the ship?" Then Picard said the ship couldn't be salvaged and I stumbled out of the theater in a daze. That film had a gut-wrenching character death and it sure wasn't Kirk. Then in the next movie, they just start on the E, they never even fucking introduced it to us, it was just there. It had no personality, we never learned how it was put together, it was dark like the Defiant and Voyager, it looked like a battleship and not an explorer. It was utilitarian. It couldn't be anyone's *home.* In each film there was a point where it seemed like they were going to blow the E up too. I couldn't have cared less. Fine, blow it up. To the new show: make me love the ship. It won't be the same: it's like the first time you fall in love, you never love a girl quite the same way again. But I'm ready to be hurt again. Build me a ship that says "the future is amazing," where the lights are on and you have room to put your feet up, where I want to dream about walking down the halls and running my fingers along the wall and touching everything. That was Picard's ship, that was Kirk's ship, and none of the others have evoked that sense in me.
Sure, that's how "Rascals" happened. Nah, I don't think they ever have. It might be a fail-safe thing, like it won't work otherwise.
This is my last resort
Why would you pray to the god who allowed this to happen in the first place?
We can understand that if a god has the ability to stop something terrible from happening, and allows it to happen anyway, that that is an immoral act and unworthy of any intelligence which asserts to be benevolent. If a god exists then it's a piece of shit.
Frasier, episodes 1-264.
Something sorely missing from today's game is the quote. Something that future books and documentaries can point to to demonstrate the character of a player or a team or the game. That's a quote.
&gt; The French get a lot of shit I don't see this as still being true. I think it was more of a generational thing and it didn't cross over into today's young people.
Usually poems about Venus take a different approach.
We've already achieved nuclear fusion. There are thousands of fusion reactors scattered across the American Great Plains. They're really efficient too...just not in the ways we might like.
Well, it looks like we got it down to [450.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGM-30_Minuteman)
Well, Diana Muldaur, Armin Shimerman, Marc Alaimo, Michelle Forbes, Tim Russ, and Robert Duncan McNeill off the top of my head.
Emphasis on **Atlanta,** as the franchise has actually seen seven cycles. The Boston Braves (Doves/Beaneaters) hit four cycles between 1896 and 1910.
"Forget it Jake...it's Chinatown."
Not a particularly well written article. Captain Picard Day is not Picard's birthday (at least there's no indication that it is).
"Many people are saying" Such...as...?
100,000 in Star Trek: * The Milky Way Galaxy is 100,000 light-years wide. An object traveling at a constant rate of warp 9 (TNG-era) would take 66 years to traverse 100,000 ly. (Ships can't maintain a constant speed indefinitely, which is why Voyager would have taken longer to travel less) * In 100,000 years, the Horta will have gone through two complete life cycles. * In 100,000 years the Nexus ribbon will have made 2,557.5 passes through the Alpha Quadrant (assuming its path is not diverted by supernovae). * The subspace relay network co-opted by the Hirogen is approximately 100,000 years old. * 100,000 divided by 47 is 2,127.65957. * It would take about seven Galaxy-class starships filled to capacity to carry 100,000 people. * You would need more than fourteen Cardassian orbital docking stations to hold 100,000 people. * 100,000 quatloos would buy 50 sets of thralls on the level of Kirk, Chekov and Uhura. * A game of strategema lasting 100,000 total moves would be 50% longer than the longest game ever played (Kolrami v. Data, 2365). * It would take approximately 58 hours to breed 100,000 tribbles (that's assuming one tribble, multiplying with an average litter of ten, producing a new generation every twelve hours).
Beverly Crusher was born on Luna and grew up on various colonies.
I've always wondered why we haven't at least tried to legislate spreading illness. Think about how many people die from the flu each year. Every single one of them got it from someone, directly or indirectly, who was interacting with the public environment irresponsibly while they were sick. If you're out and about with a bug, you may be responsible for someone's death.
&gt; when was Jesus created. Approximately 4 BC.
There's no standard way to keep score anyway, but I would scratch in "DU (F6-4)" with an X just off the base in the direction the runner was going. I record which out a player makes in an inning, so when they're out of order it should be clear that something occurred on the base paths.
Hey, some parks have that dirt path leading to the mound, and a player could easily confuse that with the first base line.
I don't differentiate between pops and liners but those who do would write an L in that case.
The batter could call for a high or low pitch. If the pitch wasn't where the batter asked, it wouldn't be called a strike ("balls" weren't really a thing yet either). If the pitch *was* in the requested zone, and the batter didn't swing, it still wasn't necessarily called a strike; an umpire would determine if the batter was simply stalling. If he thought the batter was being particularly picky and it was enough already, he'd first warn the batter, and then start calling strikes in the zone. I suspect, though, that at-bats weren't really longer than those in the modern game. The pitcher was expected to throw underhand with no break, and if he hit the mark then the ball would be put into play quickly. There'd be less time between pitches as there would be no battery strategy. For a well-researched look into the origins of all aspects of baseball, I always recommend "A Game of Inches" by Peter Morris.
So in other words, Star Trek I-VII will be arriving on Netflix in August.
You're now making a positive claim that God doesn't exist. Which god are you talking about? "No" is a more intellectually honest answer (unless, of course, the god they're asking about has already been defined AND you're rationally justified in claiming it doesn't exist).
Humans aren't descended from insects. Insects and mammals belong to different phyla which diverged well over half a billion years ago. "Bug" has a broader definition but strictly speaking none of them are antecedents of humans either, unless you describe *any* microorganism as "bugs."
"The Host," which I have found impossible to reconcile with the development of the Trill in DS9. It's not "The Host"'s fault since it was first, but it's either that or chuck DS9, and the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the one. Second choice would be the ludicrous notion that it took the Federation over a century to discover that Romulans were descended from Vulcans.
It's a really fine line to walk between giving LGBTs their due and shoehorning in a "token gay." How *do* you put in a gay character without making a big deal out of it? When they included women and racial minorities, you never had to call attention to it. It was clear that you were looking at a woman or an Asian, their supposed differences were superficial and obvious. But you can't "see" an LGBT. If you want an LGBT on the show, you really don't have any choice but to point it out to the audience somehow. If you don't, then you'll never know the character is gay and there's no point. And in Star Trek that's obviously the way it's supposed to be...maybe Sulu or Chekov was gay and we just never found out. So there has to be a "honey I'm home" moment where they just throw it out there and bluntly reveal to us that this character is, indeed, Trek's mea culpa for being decades behind the times on this issue. I don't know how to do it without making it look forced. I guess the professional writers could figure it out.
The Chinese zodiac: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, **dragon**, snake, horse, goat, monkey, rooster, dog, pig Are dragons real?
&gt; Nature takes everything back, no matter how big or how small. Yet we do find remains of other animals, as you initially argued to your relative. We find remains of every other animal that lives in that wilderness, *except* the sasquatch? Even if the sasquatch have a culture involving burying their dead, we find dead *humans* in there too, and we bury *our* dead.
I'm pretty sure the reason this is a thing is because most of us pronounce it "-steen" and with few exceptions virtually all of the occurrences of syllables we pronounce "-steen" are spelled "stein" (or "steen"). I can't think of another instance in English where "stain" is pronounced "-steen", and as kids we probably just didn't pay enough attention to the spelling of the name (not that I have any memory of the content of the books, but did they ever use the name in the actual stories, or was it just on the cover?).
I think you mean that Oswald *did* shoot JFK with the second shot (the magic bullet) but that the head shot came from the Secret Service agent's rifle discharge. I've always thought this was a unique and tidy compromise between the conspiracy world and the mundane, chaotic real world. The conspiracy theorists get their confirmation that the official story is bullshit, but the truth turns out to be something fairly benign that you can't get into a froth over. Like Roswell: sure, the government did cover it up, but they were just covering up Cold War experiments.
Cool, but the American tribes could have a similar basis for their sasquatch legends without there being actual sasquatches. &gt; ancient people weren't as ridiculous as many people would happily believe. While I agree, I also hasten to caution against the other extreme, that ancient peoples were somehow smarter or more attuned to concepts we don't understand. For example, many civilizations figured out how the planets moved through the sky, but they had no idea what the planets actually *were.* They could draw the lines but they never determined that those lines represented elliptical orbits or that the Earth followed one too.
My interpretations: &gt; I’ve read that we’re [set] before “Next Generation,” after [“Star Trek VI: The] Undiscovered Country,” which is false. It seems like this could only mean it's continuing on from Nemesis/Hobus. There is the possibility that it's before TOS but the last series already took that route. &gt; I think we will be seeing lots of crews in the story. Translation: No main cast of seven. Ensemble cast of characters similar to Game of Thrones.
From the sidebar: [Where to start](https://www.reddit.com/r/startrek/wiki/where_should_i_start) Basically, watching in production order.
The Rays send Minnesota a game-worn Jake Odorizzi jersey to complete the trade.
[Cloouuud...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNYo69XiDfA)
I give you [Star Trek: Final Frontier.](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Trek:_Final_Frontier) It wasn't CG animation, and it was pretty darkly themed, but it certainly would have expanded the franchise's horizons and scope. These days not many people know that this was attempted. I don't think I would have liked the direction it wanted to take, but there you go.
Frogs, birds, cats, wives, how many were going to St. Ives?
&gt; Do they still have paved highways in the 23rd century? Almost certainly. We still have railroad tracks in the 21st century, because in some situations trains are still the most efficient (either cost or logistics) means of moving things. Even though transporters and hovercraft exist in the 23rd century, it's easy to hypothesize that in some situations, wheeled vehicles are preferable. STID features a scene on the streets of 2259KT San Francisco, in which you clearly see wheeled automobiles essentially like today's cars (in addition to railed trolley cars, trains, and flying vehicles). The roads they're driving on are paved and have lane markings similar to those we're familiar with. It's clear that automobiles still exist (keeping in mind that a century later the Voyager crew seemed largely puzzled by a 20th-century automobile), and apparently may still be privately owned (unless they're all taxis of different models). Now, we could still question why a highway runs right through Yosemite when alternative means of through traffic and inter-park travel would surely exist, but that road may have other uses. Maybe it's for foot traffic or for bicycles. Maybe flying cars are required to follow roads. And we should keep in mind that while wheeled automobiles still exist in the future, they are certainly going to be eco-friendly, running on clean fusion or whatever, and that their presence would not necessarily detract from the look of the park. I don't object to an ancient hiking trail, and maybe the citizens of the future don't object to an ancient two-lane strip of blacktop.
As others have pointed out, there's no need. If they were to try something like this, the hardcore fans would burn the studio to the ground. Our orthodox fetishizing of canon is what sets Trek apart from the other franchises. Every few years Batman is reset, James Bond has a new continuity with each actor, Marvel mixes and matches its heroes and gives them alternative origin stories, Star Wars cut the rope on its sub-canon life rafts, BSG just said fuck it we're telling the whole thing over again. None of that will fly with us, and Abrams was essentially forced to stick in the whole "the villain is from the future and changed things, but don't worry, the old stuff is still there, it's just a new timeline, even though time travel has never worked that way on the show before." I was thinking about this recently and I believe this strict canon thing started with TMP. Think about it: how many tv-to-film adaptations are actually direct sequels to their source series? Usually when they make a movie out of a show, it's just a re-envisioning of the show, with better production value and often different cast. They could just as easily have said TMP was just another version of Star Trek, but they specifically decided it would be the same continuity with a few years added on. And WoK solidified it.
&gt; On average, a few people are killed or injured yearly by falling meteorites. This is patently false, and the source they site for this "fact" is essentially a blog linking to yet another shitty source. The number of people in the entire history of the planet who have been confirmed to have been struck by meteorites, directly or indirectly, can be counted on one hand.
Out of date? When did God return to provide an updated version? If KJV is "out of date," why give us the Hebrew?
Thanks for doing this. Now that it's the end of June, it's actually appropriate to vote for the All-Star Game.
TNG is my favorite show, it's what got me into Trek, I grew up with it, and so I'm much more emotionally invested in that crew, those actors, and that show's feel than I am with TOS. And I would *LOVE* a reboot version. I would love to see the extension of the Kelvin timeline into the TNG era, to explore an updated re-imagining of that ship and its adventures. It's clear that TNG is just as culturally ingrained as TOS is, and a film reboot would have mass appeal and financial success. I say go for it.
Maybe. It's not obvious. Gene was fuller in the face. What might be the case is that the guy did serve with Roddenberry, but misidentified him in this picture. If possible, try to get more information about where and when this was taken. Additionally, the leftmost guy in the front looks a lot like Ted Williams and the leftmost guy in the back could be a Bush.
The neat thing about the TNG era is the three series all take place in the same general time frame, so what they could do is take the Marvel route and mix-and-match characters who weren't together in the source material. It could be a TNG movie with Dr. Bashir, for instance.
I don't think this hierarchy is supported. There were multiple instances where the top three command officers had to leave the ship, and command was specifically assigned to a certain officer. Who that officer was depended on the circumstances. Crusher got it in "Descent." In "Arsenal of Freedom" they gave it to Geordi, who was just a helmsman at the time, and there was a power struggle between Geordi and the chief engineer on duty who outranked him. I do not recall Worf (or Tasha) ever being given command of the ship (other than "you have the bridge"), nor Geordi after he was promoted. But if we're talking about situations where Picard, Riker and Data were all killed or incapacitated, there isn't any established rule of succession there. In that situation, I seriously doubt Worf would automatically take command. Why tactical over engineering? What precedent is there for that? Note that in TOS, Scotty got the chair all the time. If there were a power vacuum through Data, I'm pretty sure that the highest-ranking officer would be acting captain. Of the remaining crew, that's Commander Crusher. If her status as CMO prevents her from assuming that position (after all, she outranks Data but is skipped over for second officer), she would either assign a captain or it would fall to the next highest rank...a tie between Geordi and Troi (before Troi's promotion anyway). There's no question that Geordi would take it (the one time Troi did take command, she asked what a warp core breach was).
Well I'm just asking for corroboration that the order you posted actually is the "chain of command." We all agree Data is the second officer, but how do we know Worf is the "third officer"...in other words, if the top three command staff were unavailable, why would the captaincy automatically fall to Worf?
I just ate a double bacon cheeseburger with onions.
That looked like milk to me! Jerry, my rods and cones are all screwed up!
Can't argue with that!
Yeah, it's in Woodbury, just past I-94 and Radio Drive. (open weekdays till 8, Saturday and Sunday till 5)
How did you "type in" a stardate to get an Earth year?
I'd love an example. For instance, I typed in 41986.0, the stardate given in "The Neutral Zone." It converted it into May 7, ***1964.***
If Roe v Wade "settled" the abortion debate, then Citizens United v FEC "settled" the campaign finance debate. Abortion opposition may be heavily influenced by religious motivation but there is nothing overtly or explicitly religious about believing abortion is morally wrong. Christopher Hitchens wasn't crazy about abortion and cogent pro-life arguments are usually entirely secular in form. The only people who are on the wrong side of the abortion debate are those who insist it's a black-and-white issue and that they're right. It's an intractable issue by its very nature and I do not believe it will ever be solved...ever.
Unless the Prophets engineered the wormhole such that it has the same orbital period as Bajor despite being in a superior orbit. This would mean the wormhole orbits much faster than would a normal planet in its position, but they are the Prophets after all. It would also suggest that the wormhole and DS9 are constantly overtaking the more mundane material in the Denorios Belt, since if the whole belt was moving abnormally fast it would have caught the Bajorans' or Cardassians' attention long before the wormhole was discovered.
The Prophets are, after all, not actually gods. They're relatively naturalistic entities and there are going to be limits to what they can do. Unless I'm mistaken, there's no good evidence that the Prophets spoke to anyone, ever, when the only form of communication attempted was prayer. When Orbs were present, or when the wormhole was breached, you might get the Prophets to talk to you, if they were in the mood to listen. It would have been nice if they *had* spoken to Winn, since they presumably knew she was going to fall to the wraiths and threaten Bajor. If the Prophets had talked her out of it, the Sisko's sacrifice may not have been necessary.
* The TOS system makes little sense and so we can't really extrapolate. * The TNG-era system is implied to use 1000 stardate units per Earth year, although there are a number of inconsistencies. Assuming it is the case, though, the system would have been at 0000 on 1 Jan 2323, so counting back from that, midnight on 1 Jan 2017 would be stardate -305999.9. Ninety minutes from the time I post this it will be 2 Jan 2017 UTC, which would be -305997.3. * The pre-TOS system, which in the Kelvin timeline continued into the TOS era, simply used the Earth year plus a numerical description of the date, so today would be stardate 2017.1.
If you're defacing money then I don't blame cashiers for rejecting it.
&gt; Much of creation was created with the appearance of age. Why?
That's literally what *she* said.
If someone is trapped in an abusive relationship, insisting that their partner loves and cares for them, and eventually breaks out and comes to the realization that the love and care *was never true*, do they "miss" it?
And if you watch the finale table read on the DVD extras, you'll notice the line *isn't in the original script.* That means they either put it in later or Helms ad-libbed it on the day.
Okay, so now try rewriting your argument with premise 1 saying "some beings don't have to exist."
What is an example of a being who *is* in themselves a sufficient reason for their existence?
&gt; why, in the ST universe, are alien planets &amp; people named in a way consistent with earthly western things There is no in-universe explanation, but what many fans prefer to think is that the names we're hearing are the human names for these things. Vulcans don't call themselves or their planet "Vulcan," they have their own name and for whatever reason that's the translation that we hear.
Let's try this. Worf and Deanna continue their courtship into 2371. It starts getting serious, but Riker grows increasingly uncomfortable. He still has feelings for Troi and begins to resent Worf swooping in. Worf is promoted to lieutenant commander and a ceremony is held on a holographic sailing ship. As the announcement is made, Troi rushes up to congratulate him, and the two embrace. This puts Riker in a foul mood. He brusquely excuses himself and leaves the holodeck. Worf performs the traditional "badge of office" ritual, leaping from a plank to catch a hat. He catches it...and returns safely to the deck, again into Troi's arms. The Enterprise receives a distress call from the Amargosa Observatory. It's been attacked by Romulans who are looking for stolen trilithium. An away team rescues an El-Aurian scientist, Tolian Soran, who is working on a very important experiment. After being rebuffed by Captain Picard, he sneaks back onto the observatory to finish his work, and attacks the officers investigating. Unfortunately for him, one of these officers is the android Data who, showing unnatural, unemotional calm under pressure, casually subdues Soran. The crew discovers Soran has been building a trilithium weapon capable of destroying stars, all in an attempt to return to an extradimensional nexus. Soran is arrested and the Enterprise-D continues about its merry way. A year later, Worf's presence is requested on station Deep Space 9, to help facilitate a joint mission between the Federation and the Klingons. He is then asked to stay on the station permanently. With Riker now no longer speaking to either of them, Troi elects to follow Worf, becoming the station's counselor. The two are eventually married. Three years later, Worf and Troi succeed in conceiving a child. Troi gratefully visits the station's temple to thank the Prophets for their blessing. While there, she encounters the Cardassian Dukat who, inhabited by a pah-wraith, promptly kills her. Riker, now captain of the Enterprise-D after Picard accepted an ambassadorship, considers this the last straw, blaming Worf for Deanna's death and cutting off all ties with him. He serves another few tours on the Enterprise before being promoted to Admiral. Worf is given a seat on the High Council by his friend Martok. When Romulus is destroyed by a supernova in 2387, the Klingons take over the remnants of the Romulan Empire, and relations between the Klingons and the Federation begin to sour. Worf, blinded by grief and rage against his former comrade, advocates for Klingon isolationism, and the treaty is eventually scrapped. **OR** In 2370 the entity Q begins moving Picard back and forth through time. Picard sees the world in 2395, sees that all good things had come to an end, and when he returns to his own time he tells his friends about their futures in the hope that some things would never happen. Worf and Riker take this advice to heart. Though Riker feels he could keep his feelings in check, Worf decides the honorable thing is to allow friendship to take precedence over romance. He speaks with Deanna and they agree to end their relationship. Worf is promoted to lieutenant commander anyway, but during the ceremony Riker playfully causes the Klingon to fall into the holographic sea. Data, attempting to join the fun, pushes Dr. Crusher overboard, and as a result decides to install an emotion chip to better understand humor. It malfunctions on the Amargosa Observatory and he is unable to save Geordi La Forge from being taken prisoner. Geordi's VISOR is hacked and the Klingons learn the Enterprise's shield frequency and destroy the ship. Worf goes to Deep Space 9 and marries Jadzia Dax, while Troi marries Riker. That's...*retract* plank, Number One.
A physical object moving at significant fractions of *c* but still less than *c* would likely do enough damage to satisfy your bloodlust. You wouldn't need it to go faster than light. This is fortunate, because *nothing can go faster than light.* Warp drive produces the equivalent of such a feat, but using workarounds (hence the word "warp").
Astronomers. "Astrologers are smart" is not a phrase typically said with a straight face.
If there's anything I love as much as Star Trek, it's baseball. So naturally my favorite "fun" episode is going to be "The Siege of AR-558."
What? Am I fearing AIDS? Well yeah, who isn't? But you gotta live your life, you know?
As a lefty I also don't think we're ready for the Trek future *yet.* The idea behind "progressivism" is that we're progressing *toward* something, and in my eyes the goal is Roddenberry's.
Literally within the first five seconds we're introduced to Ro, Riker tells her to take off her earring. It's a plot point in her episode. I'm sure the Bajoran crew on Voyager actually can wear their earrings but Tuvok is being a hardass in that scene in order to drive home the topic of discipline.
Don't go by wikipedia, go by [Memory Alpha.](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Main_character_crossover_appearances)
The burden of proof is on the person making the claim. "The earth is round" *is a claim* and must be supported by evidence, just as "the earth is flat" is. It's just that the round-earthers have a far easier time providing evidence, because of, you know, all the actual evidence. If flat-earthers reject that evidence, that's their problem. If you wish to debate a flat-earther without assuming a burden of proof, the intellectually-honest position would be to say "I don't accept your claim" instead of "you're crazy, the earth is round." If you take the neutral and/or skeptical position, they can't say "well prove the earth is round" because you never made that claim.
The Maya had no idea what a galaxy was, or where the center of ours was, nor what a black hole was. Their knowledge of the universe was limited to predicting planetary movements and eclipses, just like the Egyptians and the Chinese and every other "advanced" culture of the ancient world.
The best thing about Discovery is we're all going to experience it ourselves for the first time without the possibility of anyone else's preformed opinions. Watch the damn show. What if the first two seasons are your favorite? Who the hell are we to tell you what's good and what's bad?
It's always been described as "the gay episode" instead of "the trans episode" because in 1992 there was no such thing as "trans issues" in the zeitgeist. We hadn't yet divided abnormal sexual/gender identities into "LGBT" and few people considered sexuality and gender to be different topics. I'm sure the writers of the episode would agree that the exact focus of the episode has retroactively changed.
No one seems to remember that *almost every alien* seen in TOS was *indistinguishable* from humans. No ridges, no face paint, nothing. Even Klingons were basically humans. This continued into early TNG as well.
I also noticed watching "Cause and Effect" for the zillionth time (well actually the four zillionth time) that although he has the worst hand in the poker game, when Data stacks the deck at the end Worf winds up with the best set showing. The universe occasionally feeds him little wins.
&gt; Greg Gibson, the home plate umpire His full legal name.
Trouble I have with this is that it kills B-4. The crew would never knowingly take a life to save another.
Well Bruce Maddox tried to copy Data and wasn't quite able to get there. My idea for a story is that Geordi figures out a way to resurrect Data at B-4's expense, and Maddox, in an ironic twist, has to defend B-4's rights against Data's friends.
That wasn't replicator stock matter, that was the bio-whatever gel that Voyager's innards were made out of.
The tech manual isn't canon. He's correct in that the bulk-recycling system isn't strictly canon...it's just that it makes a lot more sense than his "replicators create matter out of thin air" hypothesis.
&gt; The ones from late 80's and early 90's are practically worthless In other words, the precise era in which I was actually buying baseball cards as a kid. But if you're looking for that Donruss John Olerud rookie card, I'm your guy.
I would be in favor of a master of canon, provided that I would be said master. I'm sure many fans would hold similar opinions. Now, if I did have that job, I would define canon precisely as it's currently defined: tv and films are canon, nothing else. I prefer that restriction because of the nature of the screen franchise: it's easily accessible to virtually the entire world, it's all the same media, and it's already been controlled and regulated with the intent of maintaining as strict a continuity as possible. There's lots of non-canon material that I personally find exceptional, and lots that I incorporate into my personal head-canon. But I wouldn't pick and choose from other media simply because it has a good story or provides a better explanation or ending than what canon dictates.
&gt; they will assert that no teapots are orbiting the sun. Seems like only geocentrists would argue that no teapots orbit the sun. I am reasonably certain that there are many thousands, perhaps millions, of teapots orbiting the sun, and I can demonstrate it if necessary.
&gt; Beyond's disappointing take at the box office Star Trek films with their rank among the box-office performers of that year, sorted by inflation-adjusted domestic gross (in millions) ST09 7th $294 TMP 5th $279 TVH 5th $246 STID 11th $232 WOK 6th $228 SFS 9th $194 STFC 17th $177 **STB 15th $159** GEN 15th 154 TUC 15th 152 INS 28th $125 TFF 25th $112 NEM 54th $63 Seems like Beyond's performance was par for the course for a Trek film and if it "disappointed" them then they may have set their sights too high. The only Trek film that didn't get a sequel was Nemesis (and STVI, but they were done with that crew anyway).
Majel Barrett would have made a fortune if she were alive today. Not a joke, either: they absolutely would have made her voice an option.
"I see things as they are, and I say no. Wait. Uhh...you see things as they are not, and you say...wait...uh...do you see things as they are...what do you say when you see things?" ~ George Bernard Shaw
It's crazy that The Far Side and C&amp;H basically ran at the same time, a relatively short time as far as classic strips go, and are generally considered to be the two best strips of all time. A cultural miracle.
His most original film? Cloverfield. His best film? Cloverfield. Let's see what he's got.
Let's say his best film since he became "JJ Abrams" as we know him today.
&gt; Not a book [Um](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Story_of_Your_Life)
COOPERSTOWN, NEW YORK - Brian Dozier shook off distractions and shook hands with Commissioner Rodriguez today as he, the sole member of the Hall of Fame Class of 2042, accepted enshrinement in baseball's most hallowed ground. "I'm not here to talk business," Dozier told the crowd as he held back tears, "just to thank the voters and the fans for their many years of support." Dozier declined to comment on continuing rumors regarding potential trade talks between the Minnesota Twins, the team he played with for 25 seasons, and the San Angeles Dodgers. Sources continue to place 49-year-old former RHP Jose De Leon at the center of those talks, with the Twins reportedly insisting on the addition of younger prospects or a pitcher who is still playing the game. "I dunno when all of that is going to be resolved," Dozier continued, "but for now I'm glad I'm with the Minnesota organization, and for all they have given me, I am truly grateful to them and ultimately to Lord Trump, PBUH." Dozier ended his acceptance speech by expressing hope that his longtime teammate Mike Trout, who has been denied entry into the Hall due to his suspected involvement with Moon Steroids, would one day be inducted.
Data never said this. By searching the quote, I see that it's universally attributed to Data, but they're wrong. It really doesn't sound like something Data would even say (the complete "quote" includes him saying "this is difficult, isn't it" which includes a contraction). Frankly it sounds familiar and I wouldn't be surprised if I had seen the actual source, but I can confidently assert it's not from Star Trek.
The scanner is still showing Staryu at French, which is what it just was.
If nothing else, this serves as a reminder to all the Gen Xers / early millennials that this song is now *twenty fucking years old*.
I think we romanticize the Polo Grounds simply because it was a major part of the game's past that we discarded before we really had the chance to say goodbye or think about what we were doing. We'd all love to see *a* game there just to see what it was like. But when you really look at the place, there's no way it could survive in the modern era, and there's no way it would hold as much emotional importance if we actually had to put up with it all the time. Will we wax poetic about the Coliseum in the decades to come? I'm fine with the Jewel Boxes but when you have an infinite outfield that slopes downhill and includes the bullpens, you might be taking it a little too far.
"Sir, we appear to have traveled back in time and are positioned over an American city." "Take us out of the atmosphere at full impulse and maneuver behind the Moon to hide us from sensors." *Fin*
All of the equipment we have is in low Earth orbit, nowhere near the distance of the moon. The only thing you'd need to worry about is the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter which could be easily avoided with a proper orbit.
"THERE! ARE! *FOUR!* LIGHTS!" *Madred turns around* "Oh. Shit. One of them burnt out. Now I get it. Sorry about that."
The minute you swallow something your digestive system begins the process of breaking it down into its basic nutrients, distributing it throughout your body and into your cells. If you stayed in the holodeck for an extended period after eating, when you walked out you'd lose part of *you.* Here's where you should respond: "what happens if you eat something that's not food, like that book they threw out of the holodeck? How does the computer know what to make holographic and what to make real?" And I would respond by mumbling some excuse and walking hurriedly away.
Hate Jon Miller but this was his finest moment. The on-the-spot instant hyperbole, perfectly delivered, is an all-time broadcasting classic for me.
Baseball did this in '57 when the Dodgers and Giants both just up and took the last train for the coast. That ripped the heart out of the city and I don't think sports in NYC has ever been the same.
Nope, it's on my list.
Explosives placed in the biggest and busiest office building in the world without anyone noticing, by a government who two years later couldn't plant WMDs in a giant desert.
You're welcome here, and you can even use your adblocker. In return, we simply ask that you handle at least three "I'm new where should I start?" posts per week.
Buying vowels in Wheel of Fortune. Why do you need vowels to figure out the word?
B-t y-- c-n t-ll wh-t - w-rd -s w-th--t v-w-ls, -sp-c--lly wh-n y--r'- s-lv-ng - phr-s- -nd c-n p-t w-rds t-g-th-r -n c-nt-xt. V-w-ls c-st m-n-y -nd sp-nd-ng th-t m-n-y -s r-r-ly j-st-f--d.
And this makes the "buying time" argument *less* valid, because the chances you're playing with idiots is higher than any other brainiac show. The inability to keep playing until you lose (like in Jeopardy) is what keeps me from applying and perhaps a lot of other crossword/cryptogram/Scrabble fans too. If they removed the one-and-done restriction you could see someone put on a streak that would make Ken Jennings look like a student film...or have true battles between three players who are all able to solve a puzzle within two or three spins.
It was ultimately a poor decision. After the look of the Klingons was changed we were unofficially expected to just accept that they "always" looked like that. It's a misconception that what we see or hear in canon is necessarily what is actually being seen or heard by the characters. One notable example is Kirk's trial in STVI. As the scene opens we hear the Klingons speaking Klingonese, and we are explicitly shown a clerk feeding the English translation into Kirk and Bones' headsets. Once the language barrier is established, the scene abruptly shifts and the Klingons are now all speaking English. Did they randomly switch? No, because at one point Chang says "don't wait for the translation." The film employs a conceit: it sets up that two different languages are being spoken, but then uses only the language we understand because translations and subtitles (and inventing a fictional language) is too cumbersome for the gravity of the scene. The same conceit is employed in "Little Green Men" where we hear Quark et al. speaking perfect English but the Americans hear Ferengi. This shows that Quark doesn't speak English and never has; every time he has spoken in the series he is speaking a foreign language that is being converted to English, not just by the UT but by the show itself. This must happen in any scene in which aliens are speaking to each other with no humans around: the bridge of a Romulan ship, the Dominion war room, Neelix and Kes bickering, and so on. The characters *can't* be speaking English, and so even though we hear English, we accept (as canon, no less) that they are speaking something else. So if that's true for language, there's no reason it can't be true for visuals as well. This *must* be the case every time they recast a character, like Saavik or Zefram Cochrane or pretty much everyone in the Kelvin timeline. Unless these characters all got drastic cosmetic surgery, it's taken for granted that we are to accept that the character "always" looked like that. Note that the Romulans in TOS didn't have bumpy eyebrows. The Borg got gnarlier post-TNG. And that's to say nothing about what they did to the Trill and the Gorn. But nobody ever complains about those changes...it's just the Klingons we nitpick. In TOS we meet a representation of Kahless. He is depicted as a TOS-style Klingon. Why? The augment virus was long after his time. When we meet his clone in TNG, he is a latter-day Klingon. Which is the "true" appearance of Kahless? We also encounter TOS-style Klingons like Kor and Koloth, who later appear as "real" Klingons in DS9. And of course all Klingons in ENT up to S4 were new-style. It was quite clear that up to ENT S4, the intent of the shows' creators was that Klingons always looked like TNG-era Klingons, and that we should just pretend that TOS fit in. Most of us, even canon sticklers like me, were perfectly willing to accept that. When DS9 did the "we don't discuss it with outsiders," they technically *did* canonically establish the difference, *but* it was meant as a cute joke, and they wisely left it open for interpretation (and endless argument). The issue should have been dropped there. Instead they wrote a story in which the difference is finally explained by the augment virus. It's a good story! But it hamstrings the franchise into honoring a visual conceit as a real, canon phenomenon. DSC must now depict Klingons as TOS-style, which will look very strange indeed, or suffer from a blatant discontinuity which wouldn't have existed with just the DS9 joke. The Kelvin timeline depicted TOS-era Klingons as TNG-style, which is now anachronistic (obviously it's possible the virus was cured earlier in that timeline). I was perfectly fine with imagining the Klingons as true Klingons. I'm fine with imagining the TOS 1701 as "actually" looking like the Apple Store Bridge (but I don't since I don't want to) and having technology appropriate to its relationship with the more modern ENT and reboots. I'm fine with imagining the Gorn on Cestus III actually being a giant ferocious raptor. I can use my imagination; guess where I learned how?
I'm...I'm pretty sure I could. "-l-v-" can be alive, clove, glove, or olive (or proper nouns like Aleve or Flava). By itself, no way to tell. But stick "--l" after it and it really doesn't take much, because "--l" itself isn't especially common as a three-letter word. Gel? Pal? Awl? The category is going to be "thing" (unless "food" is a category, I don't recall) so you're looking for nouns. Alive would be out immediately, and then it's just a matter of trying to stick various three-letter words at the end of glove or clove and coming up short. Now, in practice, you're probably not going to have V as a guessed consonant, which would make it considerably more difficult. But, also in practice, you're not likely to find "Olive Oil" as a puzzle on Wheel of Fortune. It certainly could be a bonus round puzzle, but the bonus round is kind of a different game.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Borg#Appearances They're only in 31 episodes, and you can trim the ones where they're just peripheral. You'd be left with Q Who BoBW I Borg Descent *Star Trek First Contact* Unity (maybe) Scorpion Drone Infinite Regress (maybe) Dark Frontier Survival Instinct Collective Child's Play (maybe) Unimatrix Zero Imperfection (maybe) Endgame Regeneration That's 16 and a movie, including four "maybe"s which have the Borg as a plot device for character development (mainly Seven and the kids).
That's not going to be a puzzle on Wheel of Fortune.
This was, um...this was the whole point.
I haven't told anyone because the issue has never come up.
What did Jefferson Davis do to be lumped in with Stalin and Hitler and Pol Pot?
Ah, well there you go, then. That puts him, and him alone, in the top four worst people of all time.
*My people tell stories of the Weekago, the spirit who guards the sacred forests beyond the hills.*
Babe Ruth's numbers tanked after 1935. Offensive bWAR from 1936-39 among non-HOFers: 1. Dolph Camilli 21.7 2. Harlond Clift 20.2 3. Bob Johnson 19.5 4. Hal Trosky 17.8 5. Ival Goodman 14.6 5. Stan Hack 14.6 ... t-329. Babe Ruth 0.0 Don't let his 0 strikeouts and 0 GIDP in these years fool you. Not only did Ruth pale in comparison to other players during this span, he *didn't even bother showing up to work* most days. Looking over the box scores from the late 1930s you'd be hard-pressed to find Ruth's name *anywhere*. It gets way worse than that in the 40s and later. I admit his black and grey ink between 1914-35 built him a solid reputation, but after that he really just fizzled out.
Frankly whoever did that map should be ashamed of themselves and turn in their Trekkie card. It wouldn't be so bad if it weren't all over the internet.
Whatever good times the Alpha Quadrant was enjoying after Nemesis likely came to an abrupt end eight years later when Romulus was destroyed. The political ramifications of a "supernova" destroying one of the three major powers would be epic. Was it a natural occurrence? Did the Klingons do it? Another shady organization? That would be plenty of fodder for a new show.
I think I've seen one spawn at Citi Field in New York.
Hey, c'mon. Think of all the wonderful things that have been accomplished through change.org petitions. Can you name a single petition from change.org that *hasn't* seen its demands met?
Lyndsay Ballard, from "Ashes to Ashes."
To be fair there is an actual difference between "recurring" and "main" in the industry. I bet you already knew that and used the term anyway because you knew most of us wouldn't care.
This *should* be the DSC theme. TNG used TMP's overture so there's no reason they can't recycle.
Although the person isn't moving within the holodeck, the computer is simulating the environment moving *around* the person, and accelerating it as they fall. The simulated air is rushing up past them at a higher and higher velocity, and so is the simulated ground. If the safeties are off and the person doesn't open their chute, the simulated ground will smack into them at terminal velocity, ending their life. It's a good question though!
He's been an integral part of the Twins' success over the last couple years.
New Zealand contains a penal colony, and appears to be geared toward rehabilitation. There are references to "prison" but one can't help but wonder whether the word is used in a blanket colloquial sense, and that rehab is standard procedure for criminals in the Federation. Also note that with the exception of General Order 7 in the 23rd century, capital punishment is indicated to have been abolished.
&gt; Don't bring US politics into Star Trek. &gt; I won't keep anything out of Star Trek. I didn't call you an SJW. I implied this particular complaint was SJWish.
Star Trek has social justice, but it doesn't have social justice warriors. An SJW in Star Trek would be asking for Bones' resignation for his constant racially-charged barbs at Spock. They would be horrified at lines like "The Yridians are information dealers" and "A Ferengi scientist is almost a contradiction in terms."
It's possible there's a confusion of terminology here. "Social justice warrior" is a pejorative label used to describe a person with comparatively extreme, hard-line views on racial, gender, and other social issues, pointing out racism or sexism or homophobia in places where they don't exist and demanding "justice" where none is needed, often in disruptive (and irritating) ways. A person can have a passion for social issues and not behave this way, and many (most?) people would fall on the progressive/tolerant side of social issues without being fairly accused of being an SJW (for example, I'd say most reasonable people are feminists in the classical sense, but wouldn't be categorized as "feminists" because the term commonly refers to someone who is active or passionate about the subject). No one in Star Trek that I can think of has ever been an SJW. SJWs didn't exist in the 60s or the 80s...it's a phenomenon largely confined to the last decade. The way Trek deals with social justice is entirely different.
&gt; "gott mit uns" is german's motto since the 18th century Germany's motto is *"Einigkeit und Recht und Freiheit."* I'd never heard of *"Gott mit uns"* being a German motto and have never "used" it against anyone. I also don't know who "us" is. I *do* know the difference between the WaffenSS and the Wehrmacht, and I do know that Stalin and Mao attempted to scrub established religion in favor of a religion of the state. Hitler, a Catholic (though not much of one), used Christianity as part of his platform.
My first guess would be because many atheists *don't* say it. Can you provide examples?
Is this the one instance that inspired you to post here today? It's almost four years old. I don't typically like to blame Christianity/Catholicism for Hitler, but within the context of that post's argument I don't see the issue. The swastika was thousands of years old before the Nazis adopted it...why not mention that too?
Which post, or incident, *did* inspire you to post here? You couldn't have simply conjured this beef out of thin air. What specifically triggered you into saying "that's it, I need to teach these atheists about what *Gott mit uns* means?"
My idea: The Enterprise is exploring deep space and responds to a distress call. They arrive to find a planet being invaded by a fleet of cube-shaped craft. They're chased away by a cube, but use their transwarp beaming to rescue a ship full of refugees. Once aboard, Kirk greets the group of survivors by telling them he's the captain of the Enterprise. A woman in the back exclaims something, and pushes forward to meet him. When she sees him, she is crestfallen. "Something isn't right here," she says. We know two things about Guinan: - She has been waiting hundreds of years to meet the man of her destiny, Jean-Luc Picard, who is supposed to be captain of the Enterprise - She is aware of when timelines are fucked with Guinan believes that a change in history prevented Jean-Luc Picard from being born. She has to convince Kirk to go back and put things right, somehow. Meanwhile, the Borg see the Enterprise's transwarp beaming technology, think "hey that's neat," and set a pursuit course.
I would rationalize that the overall fleet is massive, but the 40 ships at W359 were the only ones close enough to intercept the Borg in time (part of the "we're the only ship in range" trope).
You, um...you can't see any manmade object on the lunar surface from Earth. We didn't even have satellite pictures of the landing sites until the last few years, and those were from satellites orbiting the moon itself, *and* the objects we see are just a few pixels and they have to be captioned so we know what they are.
The law of gravity is a description of a set of facts about how objects move in relation to each other. The theory of gravitation is a model that explains those facts and makes testable predictions about the world. Evolution has facts: allele frequencies in population change over time, all life on Earth shares a common ancestor, we are genetically related to each other, etc. The theory of evolution by natural selection explains those facts in a model that makes testable predictions (Haploid chromosome 2 is the go-to example).
The things Leah Remini has been saying about Galron Hubbard are terrible.
Seems like you enjoy X-Files. If I were to ask you "where to start" with X-Files, would you tell me to skip the first season? As it happens, I enjoy X-Files too. And I would *never* tell someone to skip any part of it, even the shaky later years, for three reasons: * Obviously you can't just skip entire seasons of X-Files anyway because of the serialized mythology * I don't think the early seasons are bad at all; in fact they're what got people hooked on the show in the first place * I believe that a show is the sum of all of its parts, both the good and the bad, and skipping some parts because someone says they're bad would be doing the show an injustice TNG has a shaky first season. That's a common opinion. It's not *universal.* What if you loved the first season? I loved the first season of X-Files. If you want to experience TNG, you should start at the pilot and go straight through to the finale. You'll like some of it and dislike some of it. I can't tell you which will be which because I'm me and you're you.
A normal analemma isn't especially complicated...you just take a picture of the sky at the same time and same place every day. I think most people use a tripod or something in their backyard that they just never move. It's including the totality of a solar eclipse that takes a little bit more planning. Not just anyone can do an eclipse analemma, since eclipses only cover a small part of the earth's surface. And once you pick the spot, you have to know exactly when that spot will get totality, and that time of day is when you start the sequence (you could of course start it on the eclipse day just to be sure). As for the movements of the planets, that's the most fascinating part of astronomy to me, the clockwork of the cosmos, learning what *apparent* movement (what we see, like this analemma) has to do with *real* movement (what the system looks like from the outside). The usual example is seeing the outer planets slow down and reverse direction (over many months, measured by their position with respect to background stars)...this perplexed the entire species until we finally figured out it was because they were in superior orbits and we were "passing" them (Mercury and Venus do it too but for slightly different reasons and it's harder to notice). You'll often see people talk highly of ancient cultures like the Egyptians or Maya because they had "figured out" planetary movements, eclipse prediction, and so on. But they weren't any smarter, or had any more knowledge, than you or I. If you don't know anything about cosmic clockwork, it's because you spend your nights indoors watching TV. The cosmos was all they had. And once they figured out how to time agriculture to it, learning visual astronomy was critical to them. They knew Mars went retrograde and they knew when it would happen and for how long, but they didn't have any idea *why* it did. They didn't even know what Mars *was.* It was just a dot in the sky. They learned an extraordinary amount about the workings of the solar system with just their eyes and brains, but in the end it was all relatively obvious compared to what we've learned since the invention of the telescope and the development of the modern sciences.
Well if I have a tub of it then I don't need to buy one. Nice advertising strategy, Vaseline.
Say, is the ship of the Valkyries, or have you human women finally done away with your men altogether?
* Nothing has ever been accomplished through online petitions * If things could be accomplished through online petitions, it wouldn't be through petitions with as many errors as yours contains * It would seem like the bigger issue is that there is a Pledge of Allegiance *at all,* not that it invokes a deity
This is truly an incredible world.
&gt; Because execution isn't a deterrent Your response: &gt; I totally agree You then say: &gt; however it could strike fear in the hearts of criminals That's what "deterrent" means. You essentially say "execution isn't a deterrent, but it could be a deterrent."
And a more offensive spectacle I cannot recall!
Other thoughts: Were the Kataanans really human-like? If Worf had been zapped, would they look like Klingons (thereby diminishing the preservation attempt)? Or would he become human-like, or perhaps appear Klingon to us? Did Picard have free will? What if he'd left his wife and the community, or killed himself? Could he have chosen not to play the flute? Would they have found the flute at the end and he'd be like "wtf is this?"
Honestly, I realized toward the end that I could probably just repost this next year on Tapestry's anniversary.
&gt; atheist that feel certain that the universe was not created with any intent. That's entirely different from someone who simply doesn't believe.
Mars has religions that persecute gays?
Have you, um...have you never seen the name "Borg" before? The joke "sounds Swedish" is because it *is* Swedish.
Ah yes, poor Ensign Wesleywasthereinthepreviousscene. And this is one of my favorite Trek gifs because it shows how amazing a CMO Pulaski was, as she just stands there watching a dude have a super-stroke.
If this isn't the most beautiful thing you've ever seen you're in the wrong forum.
Tycho's [blog](https://www.penny-arcade.com/news/post/2017/06/05/new-civilization) on the subject &gt; Something we’re getting at in the strip is that many, many people globally have all literally trained their whole lives for this. It would be like if there had been a show that ran for hundreds and hundreds of episodes over multiple generations of people where the main characters were a Mid Laner, a Support, a Jungler, and an ADC. I would watch that show. But the archetypes are seared into precisely the type of person who would purchase a game called Star Trek: Bridge Crew.
Shifts: We seem to be made to believe that the other shifts are covered by the B-team, occasionally commanded by one of the senior officers (in TNG we saw this with Data and Crusher). You can stay on for extra shifts (Lasalle tried in "Lower Decks") and this is probably what happens with the senior staff during a crisis. Since pretty much episode is a "crisis," we see them all the time. If the B-team is on during a crisis they likely just call the senior staff. Windows/Gravity: As far as we know, the artificial gravity is only "pulling" in one direction, with your feet toward the bottom of the ship. There *are* interior sets where the windows are angled down instead of up. I wish I could think of an example. None of them are on the "floor," although I'm not intimately familiar with Voyager's layout. Saucer Deflector: The need for a deflector array is of primary concern when you're traveling at warp, which the saucer alone can't do. At sublight speeds I'm sure the saucer can handle bumps and bruises with an auxiliary deflection system. I doubt this has ever been specified in canon. "*But do they all actually breathe the same environment, sleep roughly similar hours, thrive in approximately 72 degree rooms with light in the spectrum visible to humans?*" Unfortunately, yes, they apparently do. We can't mate with chimpanzees on our own planet but we can produce viable offspring with Vulcans or Klingons or any other humanoid species. An "M-class" world is apparently a world that is remarkably Earth-like in terms of atmosphere, gravity, climate, even the length of year. There are exceptions (the Benzites breathe some sort of concoction, that one chick in DS9 needed low gravity, who knows what's up with the Breen, etc.) but for the most part it's one of Trek's greatest conceits that we just have to live with. Human Dominance: Never explored in canon, but we do know that Starfleet is an Earth-based operation. Originally Earth's fleet, headquartered on Earth, etc. It seems as though the Federation adopted it, above the other members' fleets, as the de facto fleet of the alliance. Two hundred years later, you might still expect Starfleet to be majority Terran, with other worlds perhaps favoring their own exploratory outfits (DS9 featured an all-Vulcan Starfleet crew). It could also be the case that other races for the most part don't care that much about joining Starfleet and focus their ambitions elsewhere. Replicators: Never established in canon, but the tech manuals imply that it really just is a nondescript organic mass. That's the main stock; you can put things back in the replicator (like dishes) and they'll be recycled, and reconstituting "waste" is likely part of the process too. Tea, Earl Grey, hot.
The original World Trade Center collapsed during a terrorist attack in 2001. They had to replace it with a new one.
My head-canon says that that was actually the much-ballyhooed "Felix," writer of the Vic program. Another mirror character calls him "Fontaine" so that would have to be Felix's actual last name, and Vic would have to look like him, but otherwise it fits.
&gt; it feels more like an Escape Room than a starship. There's poetry in this.
If anything, the flag should be pledging allegiance to *me.*
This has never been confirmed. It's one of the great unsolved mysteries of the franchise and I'd love to just ask him someday.
We know evolution occurs, not just because we have examples of it, but because it is the conclusion that best fits all the evidence, observation and experimentation (*alllllllll* of it) amassed by the human race. Creationism is either contradicted by reality, fails to address reality, or fails to support itself through scientific means. There isn't a debate, at least not between anyone who knows what they're talking about.
&gt; My doctor at the VA said I only needed to be on the abilify for 2 months, I'm seeing my outpatient Monday we'll see what his plan is I hope he reviews your post history as he considers your prescription.
A lot of baseball is about character and personality. There's more to the game's history than the cold numbers...there's also stories. And the guys who get stories are the guys who stand out. Joe West stands out. People say the umpire shouldn't make himself bigger than the game, and they're not wrong, but I think the game is richer with guys like him around.
Mauer needs to be Puckett. He's not getting into the Hall without a Game 6.
We can do the math. After each census we apportion the House using the [Huntington-Hill method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huntington%E2%80%93Hill_method), and the size of the House is set by law at 435. Assuming this doesn't change, assuming DC (or any other territory) doesn't itself become a state (or gain full House representation), and assuming the 2016 population estimates listed on wikipedia are accurate predictions of the 2020 census, then you can speculate on the reapportionment for the next decade (midterms 2022, POTUS 2024). WITHOUT PUERTO RICO, assuming 2016 estimates carry forward, the following changes are made to the House (and consequently to the electoral college) after 2020: Gain 1 - TX, FL, NC, OR Lose 1 - PA, IL, MI, MN WITH PUERTO RICO, under the conditions above: Gain 1 - TX, FL, NC Lose 1 - CA, NY, PA, IL, MI, MN, WV, RI **Puerto Rico - 5 House seats (7 electoral votes)** The electoral college itself would only gain 2 members, as only the Senate grows. It would be 540, with 271 becoming the needed majority. All of this is assuming none of the existing laws and quirks about the system are changed if PR gains statehood, which is kind of a big assumption. Note that as far as what to do with PR's representation *before* the census, it would seem to be up to Congress; in AK/HI's case they temporarily increased the House size to accommodate the new states, but I don't think that's necessarily what must be done. At any rate, Puerto Rico's population of 3.5 million puts it level with Connecticut and the other five-seat states, so however they choose to do things it would stand to reason it would end up with five seats and 7 EVs.
Evidently the Retrosheet-era record for hits in a game is 33, set by the 1932 Cleveland Indians in an 18-inning ***LOSS.*** http://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/CLE/CLE193207100.shtml EDIT: Christ, look at the pitching box. Lew Krausse lasted an inning and was replaced by Eddie Rommel *who pitched the remaining 17 innings.* For the Tribe, Wes Ferrell was brought in in the seventh, pitched the rest of the game, and lost, **credited with an 11 1/3-inning blown save.** The game took just over four hours.
&gt; ST:Online being considered canonical Nope.
&gt; Yet Countdown, which CBS considers canon You said this several times...is there actually evidence? If CBS considers something canon and we have an explicit example stating as much, then we can just change M-A and spread the word.
&gt; why is it so offensive that people, not anti vax people, but in general, want to find out why autism occurs and if there is any way to prevent and/or cure it? Because that's not *at all* what's happening here. Anti-vaxxers aren't asking "what causes autism?" They're *saying* vaccines cause autism. They already have the answer to the question. If you want to find out how and why autism occurs, there's no reason whatsoever to bring vaccines into the mix. The two topics are entirely unrelated unless you're a tinfoiler.
I can't help but feel that a much more entertaining scene would be showing them *preparing* for this performance. How much rehearsing did they do?
There are no dogs in the original Star Trek (other than the horned alien "dog" mentioned already), or anything with the name "Zuni" or similar. Dogs have occasionally been seen in the spinoffs but none of them really stand out enough to remind someone of a crying baby; there wasn't a regularly-appearing pet dog until Porthos in ENT which aired in the 2000s. She's almost certainly thinking of another show.
The Klingons would find a lot of common ground with the Jedi: a strict code of conduct, emphasis on ritual and tradition, religious ideology, and cool sword fights. The Jedi would find the Klingons too violent, but could certainly work with them as the Federation does.
The Federation was founded in 2161. Discovery is expected to take place in the 2250s. The original series took place in the 2260s.
Why wouldn't future Americans appreciate culture over money? Many current Americans do. I do.
&gt; One of the most respected scientists of today https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjakcKCINnc
Oops, you made an error there. I didn't say food should be free, I said, by your argument, grocery stores and restaurants shouldn't be taxed.
&gt; You don't have a claim to someone else's labor just because you exist. You argued elsewhere that places of worship should be given equal access to social services like police, fire, and roads, despite not paying taxes. Is this not taking the labor of others?
Indeed, but as others have tried to point out to you, there isn't a constitutional right to not be taxed, merely a constitutional right not to have one religion established or favored. Taxing all religions would still satisfy the Establishment Clause. Religions aren't taxed because they meet non-profit standards, which is part of tax law and not constitutional law.
You said it was *immoral.* If it's *immoral,* what difference does it make who they work for?
Note also that it's not uncommon for pilots to leak (or, in some cases, "leak") online before airing. We may be watching it before 9/24.
Romulans: 1. Obtain as much trilithium as possible, and use it to construct bombs. 2. Send the bombs on cloaked vessels (any type, as long as the cloak works) which will position themselves near the stars of Earth, Vulcan, Tellar, Andor, Qo'noS, and any other major tactical asset located within a Federation or Klingon star system (shipyards, dilithium mines, etc.), depending on how many weapons can be constructed with the available material. 3. Leave one-third of the fleet in defense of Romulus (or, post-supernova, the functioning center of the imperial government). Distribute one-third of the fleet along the Neutral Zone and Klingon border. 4. The remaining one-third of the fleet will be positioned near any strategically-important starbases, outposts, fleets, etc. that are not within the blast range of a star. 5. At the appropriate time, send a masked subspace signal across the quadrant. The signal will take the form of the 1969 folk ballad "Alice's Restaurant" by Arlo Guthrie. 6. Upon receipt of the signal, all vessels will simultaneously de-cloak and engage their targets. The trilithium bombs will be detonated, destroying dozens of worlds, annihilating the central Federation and Klingon governments, wiping out infrastructure, and killing tens of billions. The fleet will immediately destroy a significant percentage of ships and bases before defenses are enacted, and the rest is played out on the battlefield. 7. Jolan tru.
Plus high-scoring games are *long*, which is what Manfred supposedly wants to curb. A nice tight 2-1 affair can be over in 2:15 or less. And that's the kind of game I like as a fan, one where I walk out and the sky is still pink.
We also owe it to the natives to just give back the continent and leave, but that's not going to happen either.
I dunno, it's emotional, but I wouldn't say it's hard to watch. We couldn't care less about the mission or whoever it is that gets killed or whatever. That part is an invisible mechanism constructed solely to give Worf a conflict. We care about Jadzia.
&gt; where every 1 female has 3 husbands. Why is it not the other way around? 1 male for 3 wives. The males would have multiple partners as well. The males didn't seem to be outnumbering the females 3-to-1. The head leprechaun even followed Pulaski's explanation with "let's go and stake out my three women." &gt; Not to mention the fact that the Federation are basically forcing a societal change on this isolated planet almost overnight. It was a suggested solution to a mutual problem. They weren't under any obligation to proceed with the plan. &gt; I'm monogamous, if you have a problem with that, don't comment. It's all part of the Poly agenda!
&gt; Trolls can complain about people of various races being on the cast of the new series. Are...are people doing that?
That *would* be great! If heaven were real. Is it?
It doesn't say it's the first professional game...it was the first game played in an official professional *league*, the National Association (which is considered by many sources to be a major league). The first all-professional *games* were played in the NABBP league, which wasn't necessarily a pro league but decided in 1869 to permit teams to openly pay players. The original Cincinnati Red Stockings were famously the first club to go all-pro in that year, and some of their opponents took the salary route too. Don't worry, Kekionga is still hallowed ground.
Well, there's not much I can say about the game other than by looking at the [boxscore](http://www.retrosheet.org/1stGame.htm) linked by someone else. But the boxscore doesn't give a complete view of what the game was like back then. The pitcher was obligated to throw what the batter wanted; the artistry came in pitching to contact rather than trickery (there were no breaking balls to speak of). In 1871, three balls made a walk, but a ball was called at the discretion of the umpire if he determined that the pitcher was *repeatedly* not hitting the mark. There was no mound. All four bases were square and set entirely within the corners of the infield (today, second base is offset, centered on the corner...not many people realize that). The home team could decide to bat first, and often only one ball was provided for the whole game. Many of these rules persisted well into the National League era (1876), showing that even with a relatively sound organizational structure, baseball was still in the process of figuring itself out. Kekionga lasted only a season, playing a total of 19 games, going 7-12. Their opponent, Cleveland Forest City, managed a record of 16-35 over two years. The National Association was a loose, shifting amalgam of professional clubs (it is often not counted as a "major league"), but there were two franchises of note: the Boston Red Stockings, an offshoot of the original Cincinnati ballclub that dominated the standings, and the Chicago White Stockings, who legitimately challenged the Reds although they had to sit out two years when their ballpark burned down in the Chicago Fire of 1871. These two franchises made it into the National League, and are still playing today as, respectively, the Atlanta Braves and Chicago Cubs.
Often these posts are just "which one of us gets to post the data first" but this time someone had to go and post M-A (which is where we'd be looking it up anyway).
We've also determined that it's possible for the world to get this way without any religious claims being true. So how do we figure out which is *actually* true?
&gt; Every person against the Christian God, or the idea, is hell bent on pointing out all the flaws with this world. Can you give some examples?
A perusal of the OP's post history suggests he is not going to respond. He has posted several threads here, has not replied in any of them, and some have been removed for low-effort/trolling. Probably don't need to waste our time.
Congrats!
I don't think you answered his question. Where in Christian doctrine does it say the Earth is flat?
They're special *to us.* If you deal me a poker hand and it's 10h Jh Qh Kh Ah, and the next hand is 4s 8c 9h Jd Ks, one of them is "special" because it's in the arbitrary rules of the game that it is, but neither hand is *more likely* than the other...they're both produced randomly.
&gt; The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose. Is there a particular version you're concerned with? This is KJV, and I don't see why the sun can't hasten around a sphere. It doesn't even necessarily claim geocentrism, even though they would have believed it. Ecclesiastes 1 seems to be poetic in nature; it does not seem to be a science lecture.
Are these God's words? It seems like they're the words of a prophet, and it doesn't seem like he's relaying any kind of divine information. So I don't see any issue with him using poetic language. The OP asserted the Bible says the world is flat, and I don't see any good reason to think that's the case. All I see is idiom and metaphor, and not the kind of metaphor that would be problematic for the sake of it (for example, the Eden story can't be metaphor because the whole book is predicated on it being true). If there were a verse "and God spake saying the earth was a square" or a story about someone reaching the edge of the world, that would be something worth niggling Christians about.
Once again, you've *asserted* this. I'm asking for the *justification* for that assertion. The passages provided so far aren't doing it for me. If I said "I chased him to the ends of the earth" you wouldn't claim I thought the earth had an end.
Well, there are other parts of the Bible that claim to be God's words, or the words of people speaking on his behalf. These would have to be evaluated on their own, and would be unrelated to a prophet who doesn't seem to be claiming to be speaking for God here.
In that link? That's a Reddit comment. I would consider evidence to be Biblical verse, and I don't see any there.
I don't think anything in the Bible is actually God's word. The entire argument boils down to whether the Bible claims the earth is flat. If human characters make poetic, metaphorical references to it, that doesn't seem fair to say it's a Biblical proclamation. If the Bible says God said it, and it were clear that God himself wasn't being metaphorical, that would be something. Otherwise I don't think it's an argument that holds water.
Looks like the Metrodome and eats balls like it too
I doubt it would be precisely the same episode, as they probably wouldn't have wanted to make Geordi's mother evil. Maybe have her killed before the episode starts. Otherwise I like it!
&gt; Galdalf Coming soon, the new reboot of The Lord of the Rings, starring Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig!
I found this cool site a while back that has a lot of Star Trek merchandise. Toys, books, games, it even sells box sets of the shows and movies at really reasonable prices and shipping is very fast. www.amazon.com My virus checker says the risk is Low.
Sector 001 includes Vulcan (I don't think this has been established in dialogue but it's derived from okudagrams and dedication plaques), so they get to be in the center too. We don't know if the Andorians made the cut.
&gt; We may be an animals species on our planet, but we're the most advanced. We're a couple steps above everything else. No we're not. We're exactly as advanced as everything else alive today. We're the most *intelligent*, at least as we define intelligence. Intelligence is our niche, and our specialty. But it's not really the criteria on which life-forms are judged. We're the smartest, but the cheetah is the fastest, the blue whale is the largest, eagles can see the best, etc. Our intelligence gives us a great deal of impact on our world, but weeds and bacteria and viruses exert similar influence.
