I think they are just trying to add a soft power-switch before the regulator.
You don't need to port the compiler to run on the FPGA, just generate code for it. And yes, it's still difficult, but once you have logic that targets the most critical code sections, those small fragments can be converted into stuff that runs dang near instantly on the FPGA part (better results for code with few external data dependencies). The worst part of it would be the integration between FPGA chunks and the rest of the code on the CPU, and I imagine there could be a lot of security gotcha's involved until it is well developed, depending on the hardware architecture.
Maybe someone on /r/ececomponentexchange would want it... probably only cost you a few bucks for shipping to get rid of it. Otherwise just toss it in the trash. There's worse crap that gets thrown out every day, and in much larger quantity. Normally components don't have lead in them anyway, and that's the most significant contamination concern. (edit: Also watch for mercury and cadmium, these are problems as well).
Just curious, what processes can be used to effectively recycle materials like basic ICs, resistors, etc? It seems to me that it is at best a break-even kind of proposition, when there are no precious metals inside. Do they just melt down all the metal in bulk and burn off the plastics?
Yeah, don't throw out mercury containing components either. If there's no lead/mercury/cadmium it should be rather harmless. Some people make a big deal about the little bit of arsenic and other dopants in ICs, but you know, being encased in non-biodegradable plastic does a pretty good job of keeping it where it is, which is all you can say about these chemicals when naturally occurring in the earth.
Just keep IBM away from it. In college they made us use Rational. I think I'm scarred for life. It was *worse* than the old Mentor Graphics stuff we had to run on Sun workstations. And that's saying something because in the mentor graphics stuff, we had to fucking right click and *turn on* scroll bars in the part selection box, EVERY TIME WE RAN THE PROGRAM. (And if you wanted to copy your project to a different directory, all the paths are hardcoded in the files, because fuck you.) But, at least you could design and simulate logic circuits, and it actually served a purpose. Unlike rational.
True, I would support a program where these types of waste are localized and stored (buried, warehoused, whatever). But I don't think there is yet a practical way to recycle them, and I have a suspicion that at this point, attempting recycling with current processes does more harm than good, both in terms of released pollutants, and potential economic return. Then again this isn't my area of expertise, so grain of salt recommended.
Most often the capacitors are the initial failure. There are occasionally cases where other parts fail and blow up the capacitors, and I've even seen a case where capacitors went first and then some mosfets blew up (poor circuit design though).
4.0.4 has the raid corruption issue; don't run raid with it.
Oh weird, I google searched it quick and the first result suggested it was still affected, maybe there's a gentoo patch that fixes it or something? Not sure. (edit after checking the rest of the thread: could be another issue like demonstar55 suggests)
Some of the micros are pretty low power and most could beat out any TTL type logic but it could be a toss-up vs CMOS logic.
Most alkalines are comparable to each other, though there have been some recent higher capacity versions (higher price too, maybe not worth it). Avoid "heavy duty" as these are actually the crappy kind that struggle under higher load and are more likely to leak, especially when left in the device drained.
I'm not sure how avr compares, but once you start to get deep into PICs, you start finding all these little details that could have maybe been done one way or another, and then you have a "hmm, i wonder if that can be made to do this trick..." - and more often than not, they thought of it and yep, it works. For example, the UART emulation mode on pickit2 is one of these. You can have a generic communication with a PC just by having the programmer plugged in, and if you wire a UART peripheral to those pins you can use the hardware UART to talk to the PC. Speaking of UARTs, there are polarity inversion bits you can set. Not strictly necessary but they thought of it. Some little tricks the (admittedly otherwise irritating) assembly language allows are cool. For instance, the conditional instruction skips don't affect code timing for when you want a cycle accurate routine. I was able to write a custom 16 bit-ish virtual machine for pic18 that always executes one virtual instruction in exactly 68 PIC instructions, and that conditional instruction skip really saved my ass (amongst a few other tricks!)
They should have sent it all in wav but having been run through compression/decompression. But then, site bandwidth...
I don't know if this actually came into it or not, but some of the lossy stuff can be "un-clipped" to some extent during playback, if the clipping is short enough (and volume is reduced). If I remember, winamp was like this back in the day if you turned the eq settings down - I think for mp3's it applied the eq during decoding and not as a postprocessing. The adding-back of redundant data in effect somewhat predicts what would have been at certain spots if it weren't clipped. If anyone knows more I'd love to hear about it. I'm kinda hazy on this so I don't want to be talking out my ass if I'm wrong!
No, you're not wrong for all of them. There's every kind of LED driver imaginable actually in products. No driver at all for a coin cell+LED, dumb resistor for 3 cell operation (these ones vary brightness a good amount with voltage), buck converters that run well until voltage drops near the LED forward voltage, boost converters that destroy the LEDs if you try to put a higher voltage battery in (but can safely turn a bank of LEDs off just by shorting them out!), joule thiefs that can run from a single cell, etc etc. Most of the giveaway crap LED flashlights are 3 cell with either resistor or maybe a linear regulator if you're really lucky.
Find a flashlight that runs from 2 cells, it will likely work in there because the circuitry has to boost voltage to run white LEDs anyway.
Once you understand the exact scope of the problem (ie, conceptually what does the system have to do), try to find some pre-made equipment that does as much function of that as possible, or "to-taste" of how difficult you want the engineering to be...
Pretty unlikely, most audio is compressed when it hits the network already. Usually they go after the low hanging fruit, and trying to compress/decompress audio real-time to save a tiny amount of traffic is a little questionable.
Hahaha, Misty... that's a dog's name.
&gt; A solution to poverty is not "kill the poor". I wish I could agree with you but logic is not on your side here.
Yeah strain relief and the potentially loose solder chunk are the only things that majorly bug me. I mean, separation is a problem for lightning strikes and such but anything else that would make it conduct would probably destroy the thing anyway (liquid immersion, etc), and a big enough voltage pulse would arc thru the transformer anyway. I suspect if there are worse problems, they are hiding in the circuit design or in poor quality components.
Also, laptop power supplies are often 19.5V. Should be plenty close to work alright, just get one that can provide enough amps (this could be the hard part).
In principle you can but the trick is connecting it, and meter lead &amp; wire resistance can throw off the reading a little bit (if you have another meter you can measure the voltage lost at the same time and approximate the difference) Anyway you'd want to wire the battery pack in the same as it normally is, but put the meter (in amp mode) in place of one of the power carrying wires (if there are more than 2). Be careful to use the highest amperage mode and connection point - if the meter has a 400mA mode or similar, you will blow the fuse if you try to measure with that. The condition that will cause most amperage draw is when the tool is under full power and mechanically stuck (you don't want to run it very long like that, but it would be irritating if this condition caused your power supply to shut down and need a reset every time it happened).
Yeah digital is just a subset of analog that spends most of its time slammed to one voltage rail or another, but can be subject to a lot of the same concerns and strategies.
220 at least is a kinda standard value for 5V supply, probably came from some 5V based schematic
Sometimes opposing mosfets or things like that - then it can switch DC also.
All you have to do is leave them connected together a while with a 50 ohm resistor or something and they will equalize out. This really isn't as bad as you're making it sound.
It's the beer they spill while drinking to get over what they've done.
6172: http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?x=0&amp;y=0&amp;lang=en&amp;site=us&amp;keywords=lm6172 lm353 (lf353): http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?vendor=0&amp;keywords=Lf353 5543: are you sure this isn't 5534?? check the markings on the IC. http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?x=0&amp;y=0&amp;lang=en&amp;site=us&amp;keywords=ne5534 4134: Best I can tell, it is no longer available in DIP packaging from major suppliers. Try ebay!
Try http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?vendor=0&amp;keywords=ne5532+opamp
No, you can use a linear regulator, or use PWM with RC/LC smoothing or similar. Even just a potentiometer (adequately rated for the power) would work. They specifically cannot use a flashing LED for this application unless it's up in the MHz or something crazy.
National Native News with Antonia Gonzalez seems kinda weird too.
Hmm, I'd hope not, that thing would use a lot of quiescent current.
Also, additional voltage margin can be attained by using schottky diodes in the rectifier.
Which 32 bit chips do you think will still be around in 10, 15 years?
&gt; If your electronics are on the same circuit as one of your big inductive loads, get a surge supressor. Yeah, this is probably one of the places where surge suppressors will legitimately help, with the caveat that many of them will only clamp to 600V. Personally I think this is too much and won't stop a lot of things from being damaged. Something that clamps at 200V (115VAC) or 400V (230VAC) would be a lot safer. A lot of the time lightning damage doesn't happen from hot&lt;-&gt;neutral/ground anyway, but rather the electrical power wiring as a whole, and the complementary path being a phone line, or cable hookup, or something else. Having proper surge suppression where these other connections enter the house is really important.
Ahh, something like that. I was thinking like the ribbon cables with individual round wires inside them. On those, I would get some dielectric grease and apply it to the connector when you insert it. It shouldn't damage anything and doesn't really evaporate so it stays in place and keeps oxygen away from the metal. Polydimethylsiloxane (aka PDMS, aka dimethicone) is non-toxic as well (you probaby will find it in your shampoo and products like that). But don't use shampoo for this purpose! Make sure the metal is deoxidized first because the PDMS won't clean it for you.
I'd suggest a deep cycle 12V lead acid battery if weight isn't a concern. Lithium ion is more space/weight efficient but charging is more complicated and it might not be quite the exact voltage you want for your inverter. 24*11 watts is 264W so I'd recommend a 350W or better inverter just to have a safety margin. At 300W you'd need a pretty big battery to last any real length of time. It is similar to a car battery lasting with the lights and fan all on.
The anti-static bags are only weakly conductive - you'd have a hard time getting a dangerous current through one without a tesla coil.
I've seen some mice and other peripherals (I think a weird USB hub was one) that hang some old BIOS. No idea why, but it's a thing. If it works totally fine if you plug it in once it's running, my guess is this is the problem. Sometimes USB is powered by the 5V standby, which could be getting wonky on the power supply or just underpowered for all the stuff you could possibly have plugged into it.
No, I'm serious. Humidity plays a big part in keeping static under control - a very slight conductivity between your body and work surfaces and grounded equipment keeps static in check. I'm not saying you should aluminum foil over a table; that'd be retarded.
If not, finding the datasheet for a chip powered by it may tell you what voltage it's supposed to put out.
Can you come up with a specific situation where it would cause damage? I agree it's a little misguided in that use and probably not serving any real purpose, but still.
Nah it's not 100% safe, you could have an H bridge with 1M gate resistors and switch them all on (short circuit) if the gates somehow contact the bag, but nobody uses such a high impedance drive on stuff like that. Anything that could be damaged by the bag would be destroyed much, much easier by touching it with your finger (and I'm not afraid to finger fuzz boards under certain situations for troubleshooting... fixed a car stereo with overly touchy protection circuit by finding the part that was right at the threshold with my finger).
I don't know, with the kind of neck reach those turtles can have, it would need to be one damn long pliers for me to want to try it.
Yep, this is the right advice. Sometimes you find products that do put LEDs straight in parallel but these are the products that end up working crappy.
If you have them all running in parallel right now, it would probably be least work to give each of them their own resistor (clip a lead on each one and solder a resistor in). This results in the least rewiring work. But, better efficiency is attained by putting them in series groups and then less power is lost in the resistors compared to usefully used in the LEDs. A 2V LED with resistor to take it up to ~12-14V is under 20% efficient, but for low power LEDs probably isn't a huge problem. 600 ohm resistors should work to give them 20mA at 14V, but each resistor will burn about 1/4 of a watt. So you should probably use 1/3W or higher rated resistors (maybe this isn't very important if you are soldering them straight onto a heavier wire with a short lead on the resistor side - the wire will heatsink it).
Is it possible it's interference getting into the mic pickup? Check if your mic input(s) are muted. Otherwise your best bet might be a USB audio interface.
If a clock transition isn't fast enough, you should consider buffering it with a schmitt trigger based logic chip or buffer. For example, I made a single pushbutton controlled two light switch with a dual D flip flop chip (state storing), quad schmitt trigger nand (switch debouncing, some power-on reset logic, doubled up inputs for inverters). Q' just went back to data, and either Q or Q' became the clock for the second flipflop. The most challenging part was making the power-on reset work under various conditions: power input slowly rising, quickly rising, partial power-off (voltage never totally disappearing), all these conditions with the debounce capacitor in different state of charge, etc. I ended up using the power LED as part of the power-on reset circuit (as a voltage reference of sorts)... I wish I would have made a schematic of all the weirdness. Anyway the constraint I worked with is that accidental output activation isn't allowed. It is okay if it loses state and turns both outputs off, but not turning something on that was off, through power glitches. Anyway, the long and short of it, is you can use an RC filter into a schmitt trigger logic chip and it does a pretty decent job of debouncing. It might not catch some really weird corner cases of very momentary partial contact (the enforced delay between presses might become rather short, but it's still there), but it did perfectly fine with the real switch I had connected to it. In retrospect, even something this simple is a job for a damn microcontroller. I just really wanted to do a project playing with some raw logic chips.
Probably any thermal compound would be okay. You start running into some noticeable differences around the 100W+ mark, at least in my experience. The only thing I noticed that really was affected performance wise was higher wattage GPUs, where a comfortable fan speed might lead to 75C with a crappy thermal paste, or 65C with a good one. YMMV, but I wouldn't worry much about the exact paste here. For what it's worth, the generic radio shack thermal compound is toward the crappy end of things though. But we use it all the time on CPUs without problems. Also, the more contact area there is, the less critical the thermal paste will be.
They already have package-less wafers that solder straight to a board that lose their shit from a camera flash (if I remember, a prominent example was the newer raspberry pi's power controller IC - camera flash and the board resets). Small LEDs on the IO pins can't be nearly that bad.
Yeah, probably a lot of screwing around to wrest those last few dB away from physics...
Hmm, I thought it was just shiny silicon with no plastic on top. I could be wrong, I think there's some photos out there that show it though. Edit: I might be wrong - it's U16 straight down from the bottom left corner of the broadcom chip in [this image](https://blog.adafruit.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Pi_II_top_ORIG.jpg). It looks like there's some label printed over it but apparently whatever packaging is there is inadequate.
Yes, if you use like a 10K resistor to pull to VCC, the programmer can overcome this and drive it to ground, or instead drive it to 10V (or whatever that part uses to trigger programming)
It's actually getting pretty dang usable. I've been playing starcraft 2 and torchlight 2 on it for over a year now. Tho, I don't think I've updated mesa since a year ago either... I should really get my shit updated one of these days. The funny part was when I first got my APU, the catalyst drivers were nearly unusable. They would lock up in like 20 seconds of resizing a terminal. Mesa wasn't too good in the beginning either, but it only locked up once every day or two, and had some irritating visual glitches in 3d. The version I've been running the last year has been rock solid, with maybe one or two GPU hangs total that recovered without losing my running programs, and the glitches the earlier version had are gone.
A lot of that old stuff, if you can't pull a usable connector out of an old system (hopefully otherwise nonfunctional), you might have to rig something up. Maybe you can halfass it with some quick connects stuck into perfboard? Unfortunately .250 makes you have to drill out between holes, but then again I think you'd have to anyway with it that wide. But .400 lines up. Another possibility is just solid copper clad with holes drilled whereever you need them, and dremel away to make connection pads?
Also check out [icestorm](http://www.clifford.at/icestorm/) for open source lattice ice40 bitstream tools, and [yosys](http://www.clifford.at/yosys/about.html) for some xilinx/lattice open source synthesis. Yosys has a [subreddit](http://reddit.com/r/yosys) and the developer is pretty responsive to bug reports. I talked him into adding a paypal donate button on the site so if it's something useful to you, throw a little cash and help keep development going. Things are starting to get rolling for open source fpga development, which personally I consider a big missing part of the fpga world.
You can still play it online! [Here's the one I played](http://lord.nuklear.org/) - you might need to experiment with a few terminal programs to find something that renders everything correctly, but even if there's some visual glitches, it should still be plenty playable. Don't forget to google out some hints and cheat codes - it's basically mandatory to play the game well.
I was surprised to learn that there is a polarity of sorts to film and ceramic capacitors. Basically the outer-most foil layer of the capacitor connects to one pin or the other and influences how much exposure each pin has to interference. But on modern capacitors you can only find this experimentally as the pin marking is either absent or wrong half the time.
Well, there's a few issues. First, the transformer is putting out AC, and probably the DC fan won't like this much at all. The other problem is that 12V is the "average" voltage put out by the transformer (actually RMS average, which is slightly different and approximates the equivalent AC voltage that a resistive load would respond to the same as 12VDC). But the second issue is that the peak voltage is at least squareRoot(2) * 12V, and maybe a little more if the transformer is specced for voltage under its rated load. It's not unheard of for a transformer like that to put out 25V or a little more peak voltage. So the answer to the first problem is use a bridge rectifier. This makes each negative half cycle of AC mirrored so that the output is always positive. If you put a capacitor after the rectifier, it will smooth the output voltage (it will approach the peak voltage of the transformer and dip a little between peaks). If the transformer had an appropriate peak voltage, this would be enough to end with. But because the peak voltage is higher than would be good to put on the fan, you'll also want a 12V regulator like a 7812 (and possibly additionally a small ceramic capacitor to put across its output for stable operation, but you might get away without it in this case). Sorry that my answer probably just raises more questions than anything, but these are good and useful topics to learn about.
If it is a dual 230V/115V primary with single 12VAC output, you would connect 230VAC to the yellow wires, or on 115V, one yellow wire and the black wire. The output would be on the red ones. If it is a single voltage primary with a center tapped 12VAC output (kinda like a + and - 12VAC which you could combine to 24VAC, or maybe +/-6 that combine to 12VAC) then red gets the wall power and the other side either uses the yellow ones or one yellow and one black. A multimeter would help determine things. There can be very dangerous voltages if you connect it the wrong way, and its internal coil insulation could possibly become damaged. The best way to figure something like this out is by applying a low AC voltage (eg, like 9VAC) to the suspected primary and see if you get a small voltage at the secondary, using a multimeter to check.
There's a few things that help this work: The battery can put out a ridiculous amount of current. So the places where the water conducts a little juice doesn't really faze the main 12V power supply. Also, most wiring is insulated the vast majority of its way. Often if there is a computerized control box, the box is halfway well sealed, and often the board and parts on it are is coated with a nonconductive material. Could things go wrong in a situation like this, without careful testing? Of course! But it's also plenty plausible that it would work fine. Afterwards, though, the thing will probably rust like mad.
Well, if you ever play around with electroplating, you'll find that for a fixed voltage, you get a fixed current that is controlled by the geometry of the terminals, their spacing from each other, and the conductivity of the water (mostly dissolved ions, salt and such). The water won't just suck up as much current as you can throw at it, but it maxes out based on the voltage you apply. In this case you end up with whatever 12V gets you and the spacing from all the exposed positives to the probably grounded frame. My guess is it's anywhere from 1 to 15 amps, but the battery won't care until you get a lot more than that (or spend enough time in the water to drain it out). The other fun part, is that while this current is flowing, one of the terminals is slowly dissolving, and the other one is probably getting metal or some other crud from the water deposited on it.
It's a good thing I get to live vicariously through reddit... you know how hard it is to find friends that defenestrate themselves on a whim?
Yeah there seems to be a lot of counterfeiting or "extra hours" run on the assembly lines. But, I think a big part is that even the counterfeit ICs are usually okay, but some other components that can be cheaped out on, not so much (electrolytic capacitors, etc). Another thing I learned about, is that there is an awful lot of illegal importing of old stock back into china (seriously they pack the chips into bricks like they were smuggling drugs or something), and then they resell them. I don't know if I can really consider it a bad thing, at least the shit gets put to use then. For hobby use, I think the chips from china are alright. I would put together a good testing system before using them in production products though.
Indeed! Also related, electricity doesn't take the path of least resistance, it takes all paths in inverse proportion to their resistance. Though with lightning it's a little different because there is a breakdown voltage that must be overcome, but once it does, all the current wants to take that path because it's no longer infinite resistance.
Yeah usually they will reuse fine unless they're a squishy-deformy kind and they got wrecked from handling after you removed the heatsink.
Nothing. There is no one thing that every couple should do.
Makes for a better teenage angst song than "Need the family car... my dad, he will not yield..."
On the plus side, inrush for motors usually isn't as bad as in stupid capacitor buffered power supplies that have no PFC circuit. Blew out a few various rated optotriacs (3A, 8A, 12A) before realizing the damn thing was probably drawing a hundred or two amps inrush briefly. We switched to using a "swap meet special" giant ass relay. Those things are so badass, they never bothered to put an enclosure around the contacts (dust? what's that?)...
Reason being, the core used in it is probably designed to be lossy?
Edit: Oops, my understanding of JK flipflops was incorrect - both high should configure it to toggle. Although here is another option you could consider trying: I would suggest using a D flip-flop with Q` routed back to D. Then every clock will make it toggle, if that's what you're going for. The fancier flip-flop chips have clear/preset inputs that let you implement a reset switch that sets everything to a certain state (these may or may not be synchronized with clock - check datasheets).
Next time just tell them you like horses, not horse shit.
It's not the frequency of the clock (at least not how you normally think of frequency), it's how fast it goes from a low voltage to a high voltage and vice versa. If you use a 555, you want to pick the output from the chip that drives high and low, and not pick the capacitor node that slowly changes voltage. Another consideration is that high voltage must be high enough or it won't register, and low voltage must be low enough. Running it through a schmitt trigger based chip will probably fix that problem as well, if the thresholds are far enough toward the center. Also using a CMOS 555 IC would get you outputs that approach VCC and ground pretty closely. Sometimes there are problems connecting between TTL and CMOS where especially the high output voltage from TTL isn't high enough for the CMOS input. Sometimes running the CMOS from 3.3V and TTL from 5V can fix this (but I don't think this specifically is your problem here)
Missed the boat, it's already posted [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/38z79d/10ghz_microwave_data_link_teardown/)! (though in /r/electronics)
You want astable. The short intro to how it works, is the 555 has an output that drives low or high (you want to take this as your clock output), and then there is an input pin that flips the output when it crosses past VCC\*(1/3) or VCC\*(2/3). This pin gets connected to a capacitor pin (other end of cap to ground), and you use a resistor from the 555 output to the top end of the cap which pulls the capacitor towards VCC or towards ground depending on the output state. So the capacitor voltage moves by (1/3) of VCC each half cycle (this would likely not be appropriate for a CMOS input in any way, but that's why you use the chip output instead), but that particular voltage swing makes the RC time calculations really nice to work with. Basically multiply R and C (in ohms and farads) and that's approximately how many seconds it takes for each half cycle. Keep R in the 1K&lt;-&gt;100K range for best results, so that it doesn't try to pull too much or too little current (too much is an obvious problem but with too little, leakages can throw off operation). Check [this page](http://www.learnabout-electronics.org/Oscillators/osc44.php) and scroll down to "50% Duty Cycle Astable" - this is the circuit I'm talking about - many of the examples use 2 resistors in a different configuration, but for 50% duty cycle like a normal clock has there's no need. The capacitor on the control pin might not be necessary depending on the particular 555 but it's probably best to include it (it doesn't really factor into the timing calculations though). Hopefully this helps! [Edit:] Actually at 5V operation, you will save a ton of grief by using a CMOS 555 instead of a normal one, because the output high voltage may not reach high enough! The one time I implemented this circuit, it was with a CMOS part because it needed to draw very little power during operation (it was part of a weird low current power supply for helping to drive MOSFETs).
Just to make sure you saw my edit on the last msg about using a cmos 555 - otherwise a possible workaround if you don't have one on hand might be a 1K pull-up resistor from VCC to output and using a 10K or greater timing resistor. As you might guess, 555's aren't really the best for "precision" timing but you should be able to get a functional clock signal one way or another!
Yeah honestly for basic music recording, normalizing the audio to the max range (don't go nuts with dynamic range compression though - normally I don't do it at all!), adding a short fade-in at the beginning, and a longer fade-out at the end adds a lot to the production value... Beyond that you should have good mics, good audio capture, and something worth recording.
Yeah VLC gives the impression of a project with great goals, and it tries its best to do everything. It looks like you can do anything imaginable when you start looking into the advanced settings, but then when you actually try doing some weird stuff, don't be surprised to run into bizarre program quirks (restart it after every settings change, just to make sure!), and if that doesn't make it work, maybe that function is broken, and there could be another one hiding in there that does something similar and maybe it actually does work. But yeah, once you get past the surface, there's a ton of stuff that simply has not been tested much and doesn't work for shit, once you start to stray from default settings. It's still a solid program just for playing videos though.
I think it's probably still normal. I would plug it in outside a while, tin the tip with solder when it gets hot enough, and see if the smoke subsides after a few minutes. Sometimes the metal is coated with an oil of sorts to help keep it looking shiny in storage.
Both. Small amounts of carcinogen have a small chance of causing a harmful DNA mutation. Large amounts of carcinogen have a larger chance, but the dose is multiplicative with itself - that is if 1 unit causes a 1% chance, 2 units (at the same time) might cause a 3% chance. As acute DNA damage increases, the ability of repair mechanisms to function properly decreases, making the damage that much worse. By that logic, very small amounts might be considered negligible but there is still a chance of harm.
&gt; If the amp says 10000 WATTS! In the front and has a 2 amp fuse most likely somebody is lying there. You mean you don't plug your amps straight into the overhead electrical line?
Once per second on a resistive load? That's child's play to most of these. Shouldn't need a heatsink, but if you do, you'll notice it getting warm before it blows up. (side note, you can switch an optotriac on/off every half cycle with a resistive load with nothing too funny happening, but if these use different internals, it might not be happy with *that* fast of switching)
I think they are referring to this: &gt; Finally, 0f 1f (multi-byte NOP) is also undocumentedly fully allocated. **Interestingly, despite its name, it does access memory if the Mod/RM byte tells it to, so this "No OPeration" can cause page faults. Not quite a NOP after all.** Though, does it actually cause bus actions, or just validate the address?
Great, thanks to you, now when the machines take over, they will have the understanding to turn the Beckman DU600 spectrophotometers against us!
What kind of inductor? If it is a kind with a core, you may be pushing it into saturation by putting the magnet near it. If no components are heating up while that happens it should be safe - coils and sometimes capacitors and other stuff sometimes make some noise when there are signals in the audio range present.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetostriction https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coil_noise
I wonder if it would be possible to use a breathalyser sensor by letting the liquid evaporate for a fixed amount of time into an air cavity, then blow it through the sensor? Probably a nightmare to calibrate and everything but ehh, might be doable? Otherwise can you do it by specific gravity? Have a float that sinks when the alcohol becomes concentrated enough and detect it optically?
\* With the caveat that small currents may flow as the circuit responds to static charge or capacitive coupling or things like that (in the specific case of this circuit, they could only be caused by external factors), but the fact remains that no continual DC current will flow. At the theoretical level they're teaching you, the answer's just zero for the reason MaskedEngineer gave.
The PWM would work, but beware cooking temperature will vary some depending how well the food is sucking away heat. That is, if the food drains away more heat, it will be at a lower temp. There may be cases this is more desirable than fixed temp cooking, and probably some where it isn't. Anyway, it's a cheap and easy thing to experiment with, but if you decide to use it for real, get it inside some kind of enclosure so you can't get zapped or spill food on it, etc.
If it turns out the fuse is blown (sounds like it), this is one of the situations where a lab power supply is really handy for testing. You can dial in a current limit and if something in the board is shorted, you won't keep popping fuses, and you can dial the current up until you feel the current path (and hopefully failed component) heating up, though the 7805 heating up would be expected normally, but possibly you can try powering it after the 7805.
Yeah, not only will that resistor cause weird things to happen, you should also have a decoupling capacitor close to the chip across its power supply to satisfy the large current spikes the chip consumes when it changes state. So kinda like, you want a better power supply than just plain wiring, not a worse one.
Pretty common is using .1uF, there's a little black magic in getting really effective decoupling (eg, for sensitive stuff like audio circuits), but for small digital ICs and microcontrollers, .1uF is pretty universally applicable. Something like [this](http://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/C420C104K5R5TA7200/399-4491-1-ND/818348) or [this](http://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/RDER71H104K0K1H03B/490-8814-ND/4770969) should work fine, whichever lead style is easier to work with for your project. I like the leads-on-the-bottom "radial" style better for soldering most of the time, but it all depends. These kind of caps aren't suitable for all applications (their capacitance probably drops as voltage across them increases) but they should work fine for decoupling and RC filters where you don't care a lot about the exact filter performance.
Yeah it's not unheard of for the fuses to just go sometimes. I've had some new fuses that shipped without the filament even installed in them...
Yep, exactly.
One per IC, located close to the IC (minimum wire distance). Sometimes you can get away sharing them if the ICs are next to each other but I wouldn't recommend it on breadboard. Sometimes it will work okay without any at all but if it does cause problems it makes troubleshooting that much harder.
Arduino is just a fancy development board for whatever microcontroller they used on it (AVR if it's an "original"). Any of those designs can be replaced with a bare microcontroller, power supply, and if there were onboard peripherals you need, those. The USB connection isn't necessary if you get an in-circuit programmer and make a programming port on your device (it basically only needs some kind of connector and a 10K resistor on the reset line to VCC). Use a little caution in case the programming lines were actually used before by your project. You can still use the arduino IDE to program if you want, or you could use raw C or even assembly language (sometimes you need to go this far to get good performance for complex stuff).
That I couldn't tell you, but if it were me, I'd just halfass solder a new fuse over it. Once the case is closed, nobody will know the difference and there's not much chance of damaging the pads in case it were desired to "fix it right" in the future. Though, if you wanted to practice, I'd desolder it and measure the pad footprint.
Buy a hot tub ozone generator off ebay, use it with an aquarium air pump from whereever.
If you think an AVR is expensive, you should start pricing out discrete logic ICs. Anything more complicated than a blinking light is cheaper done with a microcontroller, and even there, the microcontroller probably saves you total cost in terms of assembly time. I don't know what other idea you have in mind, but having played with this stuff for over a decade, I don't have one for you. And I wasn't suggesting you use a hardware Arduino, I was suggesting you make your own device with just the chip that goes on the Arduino board. Which costs... how much? If an AVR is too expensive, go with a barebones PIC10 (if you can get everything done with only a few I/O lines)... they're like under a dollar each in quantity. A little hellish to program though.
Without knowing what kind of parameters you need to accomplish the task at hand, it's hard to gauge where to aim. The ones I've seen are either UV lamp (I recommend) or some kind of arc generation (not as recommended, breaks air down into more than ozone which you might not want). Anyway, you should be able to achieve variable ozone concentrations by varying the airflow. Maybe just poke some holes in the thing and stick it in a closed box with the device to de-smoke.
Very good point.
Ahh, I gotcha! It was just worded strangely, like, an ordinary nop could do that if it tried to fetch from an unmapped address. Though I guess it wouldn't technically be a nop as it wouldn't be anything...
Gotcha, well at least it works! It's hard to gauge how those things behave at varying amperage, sometimes they get worse towards the top end, sometimes not...
I think they mean, because eating brains isn't the only way to acquire the prion disease. It can occur spontaneously, and it would apply some selection pressure that way. Just not as much as with the extra cases eating brains brings to the table.
Maybe enough EMI is getting coupled back into the gate wiring to fry it from overvoltage? I wonder if adding some artificial gate capacitance or improving the wiring geometry might help. Might be interesting to test if the gate is still insulated from source/drain after failure.
The weird thing is, it looks like there are still some leads sticking up. I wonder if they're maybe jumpered over from the back side? Also, were any parts rattling around? If not...
Oh yeah, duh, I don't know why I went straight to gate capacitance, zeners are smarter there...
I think you're missing the actual radio. The dogs had the right idea.
Domed, yes, but it's not visibly leaking. That's adhesive. Still a bad capacitor though.
Try in /r/autorepair - maybe someone will know, or have a tech manual recommendation, or something! Otherwise just buy one and test it. That's the most reliable way.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozone#Corona_discharge_method
&gt; you need to breed fruit flies, which isn't the easiest A week old mcdonalds shake begs to differ!
And specifically, it looks like they have significantly low internal parallel resistance, like, you'd model it as a resistor in parallel with the LED. That's the only explanation how current can go through the non-lit ones and still light up the glowing ones. Which sucks not only for the un-evenness, but it is also robbing from the light emission efficiency.
My advice: Let one OS or the other manage a single /boot. Only have one bootloader. Gentoo does not need any /boot partition to function, but does need its kernel loaded somehow. I imagine arch is the same way, but haven't used it. When installing a kernel (and initrd, etc) from the non-managing OS, you may have to hack up the boot system to make sure it gets the right root= and similar arguments. I don't know anything about gummiboot so I can't really help you with the specifics there.
Right, I was just referring to -O3.
You'll learn at at least a high level how a lot of the stuff works, or else nothing will work!
In practice, oscillator inaccuracy should provide enough entropy to get by for this purpose if you use a clock counter or similar to retweak the RNG when packets arrive.
Electrically you just connect it to the same leads that fed the original key. Difficulty: might have to trace those lines out to where it can be soldered. The hard part is the mechanical aspect, but if you can get a key small enough to get in there, you can just hot glue it in. Because of the soldering issue though, i don't know if it will work easily scavenging from another keyboard.
Perpetual acceleration actually, we already have perpetual motion (eg, the earth). I'll leave the obvious correction to whoever replies first.
Pickit3, pic18 series... lesser series cause a lot of irritations unless you want to program assembly (and that also is a lot better in pic18). Read the datasheets to get an idea of capabilities, don't be afraid to dip into a little assembly for optimizing performance critical stuff, and work off of examples when possible. Everything else is just grunt work but my tip is try to unit test your code as finely as possible and life is easier. First project should just be a blinking LED and don't get discouraged when that doesn't work! Double check config fuses, make sure your pins aren't being claimed by a peripheral, etc. Good luck!
Well, I was referring mostly to the assembly language and the features available in it. The reason I recommend pic18 is that if you want to program in assembly, you get conditional branch instructions (instead of having to write backwards bit test &amp; conditional instruction skip... unless you get this stuff really straight in your head it leads to misery), and if you program in C, it has some features to make one of the FSR pointers work as a data stack pointer, so high level languages map better to the hardware. You also get a hardware 8x8 multiplier that really speeds up number scaling, even 16x16 multiplication isn't too painful using it. Ignoring those issues, PIC16 isn't too terrible (check out PIC10 or the older style PIC12s if you want to see programming hell), and for the PIC16F84 you will find a LOT of examples out there on the net. So it really isn't a bad way to go, and nearly everything you learn on PIC16 will be applicable on PIC18 anyway. Beyond the instruction architecture, there are more or fewer peripherals on different chips, but they are pretty much a "there when you need them, turned off if you don't" style thing - just be careful because comparators especially like to claim pins if you don't manually turn them off - but beyond those few gotchas you can learn or not learn the peripherals as you need them.
LED doesn't have bulbs, but same principle... there's probably a failed LED or bad solder joint inside. Assuming they indeed meant "LED" and not "LCD". It is also possible (and much, much preferable) that a backlight driver board has gone bad.
Better to have that happen at the end than the middle tho...
Nice. There are of course the pre-made switcher modules that would do the job about as well, but probably yours is a little better form factor and you got a nice case to put the thing in!
It's simple enough that the answer is almost 100% certainly "yes". Maybe someone else can chime in with a good example, but from a technical standpoint, the implementation could be done like: Set a breakpoint there and handle the logging, or else rewrite the initial instructions to call a function logger (and emulate the instructions that got replaced), etc. (kinda off-topic:) I had actually done something vaguely similar on 8088 by making an interrupt catcher for my weird Sanyo MBC-55x BIOS which can print out invocations of unhandled interrupts. The coolest trick was encoding the interrupt number in the possible segment:offset variations of the same handler address, so that I didn't need 240 different interrupt handlers... it would be kinda ugly when the memory footprint of the whole BIOS is otherwise like 10KB...
Putting them in parallel doesn't do anything too crazy, but it does (obviously) double your capacity. It is doable to varying degrees of accuracy and friendliness to the batteries. The best systems will balance the individual cells (you need connection points to each cell or pair of cells in the series), but it is generally accepted that this is overkill on NiMH (it's not overkill with lithium-ion though). If you had very large cells it could be worthwhile to have individual cell management. Another issue, many common NiMH chargers detect end of charge by watching the voltage decrease slightly at end of charge. It depends on a charge current in a certain range (per capacity), and the effect is destroyed by putting cells in series (you can't see the individual cells change voltage). So the best you can do is guess the state of charge of the whole series chain by the voltage it's at, and when it gets close to charged (read: some cells are fully charged and some aren't), you should slow the charging to a rate that doesn't damage the fully charged cells. When it hits a certain voltage, you stop charging or reduce to a low trickle charge. When the cells start to get old, the problems get worse. Also, the more variance in cell capacity, the more problems. Anyway, this is the dirty technical side, but you will find chargers out there that handle 12V NiMH packs (you might not know how well they do without reading a bunch of reviews though...) - anyway, if the goal is just something that works okay, you'll be fine with a lot of them. If you want a charger that gets the best battery longevity for a fleet of battery powered devices, more research is recommended.
Yeah, it's probably not the kind of program you should be running at all in a security conscious scenario.
You can grow meat without involving any pesky consciousness, but it's not really at the point of being scalable.
I can also say BC546 gets gain about 4-10 in reverse, though the statistical characteristics seem to vary between batches.
Transistor shouldn't be too critical, just make sure it's the right PNP/NPN type for the circuit. Toroid I'm not too sure about but as a guess, I'd yank one off of an old computer motherboard or maybe out of an old power supply. There's a lot of messing around to determine their characteristics - it would be easier just to experiment! In particular though, avoid those RF reducing ferrite beads on cables - they are designed to be as lossy as possible.
I think they mean the output will be AC (actually one would probably consider it as having both an AC and DC component).
Yup, you got it!
Sure, rectify it to DC with some schottky diodes first (but you probably lose .4V). Otherwise if it's already AC, just boost it with a transformer and then rectify it and you don't need a joule thief circuit at all.
No need to replace those caps at this point. My first troubleshooting step would be checking if the 5V standby voltage is present, and if it is, does the mainboard try turning on the power supply at any point (there is likely a 5V/3.3V signal pulled to ground by the mainboard to activate it)... may need to monitor it while applying power and pressing the power switch.
It's not a dead link, you just can't have reddit in the referrer. Try visiting and hit enter in the address bar, sometimes refreshing again helps.
Look carefully at the power supply board and see if you can identify a "5V STB" or something that implies standby, in a connector label silkscreen. If you can find that, then it describes the location of the standby power wire where it leaves the board. If you can't find a label, check every wire that goes to the main board from the power supply. To be clear, measure in DC volt mode with the meter's black wire on ground, and the red wire on whatever point you're testing. If you can measure it with the multimeter, it's within 5% of 5V, then that part's okay. Next, locate the wire that is used to switch the power supply on (sometimes labelled PS_ON). If you disconnect the mainboard, this wire should read as 3.3V or 5V on the power supply side (so yes, there should be two wires with voltage without the mainboard connected). If you connect the mainboard, and the mainboard is trying to turn on the power supply, it should go to 0V (or close). If you can locate the PS_ON wire, and it is never being triggered, I would suspect the mainboard. If it is being triggered and the rest of the power supply isn't turning on (no 12V or whatever else rails power up), then the power supply probably needs to be replaced. If the power supply is turning on, its voltage rails look correct (as best as you can determine based on the labelling), then the problem is indeterminate.
Could be... .7 is a little low reading for silicon diodes but it would explain the symmetry though.
What I would do is connect the clocks to the chips with 3 resistors (1K value, to the 3 groups of devices which have address A, B, and C in each group), and then use 3 GPIOs to ground out (or force high, maybe that is more desirable) the clock on the chip end, so that you can still use the normal I2C interface, and all that it costs you is 3 resistors, but now you can specifically interact with any of the devices by making the clock disappear to the other two chips that share its address. Note: This can interfere with clock stretching, so if you need to do that, you may need to bitbang the I2C and just use totally separate clock lines, or slow the I2C so clock stretching isn't needed.
As long as the chips don't latch their address at startup... if they actually compare with the pins each time it should work.
Why would green be higher than white/blue? [Edit: I stand corrected, there it is in all its glory in the datasheet... but 3.7V is only at 1 amp, which coincidentally also gives the ~3W figure)
I'm partial to the K22 series... 64MHz and so many peripherals... and I just find the PMD controls to be amusing... like a row of virtual switches that turn power on/off to all the peripherals! Kinda a nice thing to have if you need to run really low power. But, you don't get built in USB though, so the 4550 has that going for it.
If a digital caliper isn't available, measure from one end pin to the other and divide by the number of *SPACES* between the pins, not the number of pins.
Nah man, you have to be careful not to screw the ecosystem before its mature enough... if nobody can mine for crap because you've got all the hash rate, nobody will invest...
Try bisecting the functionality... for example, try doing a manual sector write (ideally not at the beginning sector, just to make sure it addresses properly) and see if that works. If it works, you know to look toward the higher level, if not, look at the lower level functions.
You could try tracing out the control flow path when writing (and closing) a file, and either breakpoint it in a debugger, or fire off LEDs at different spots, or dump some messages over RS-232, etc.
Hmm, is there source code to all the components involved, or is some of it a binary library?
I'm just having a hard time getting past where all the extra voltage is going... otherwise the bandgap is normally directly related to the emittted wavelength and voltage required.
After considering all these issues, I would look for a buck+boost converter that can output 5V from a range that includes 4-7V. Should only cost a few bucks... which is kinda like how radio shack sells resistors anyway...
Not if it runs on gas (i'm going to hell for this one)
Am I retarded or are the pictures not clickable? (They are higher resolution than displayed for me)
Wow that point-to-point resistor really grinds my gears.
Or put the switch after the starter but before any electricals that may have parasitic drain.
If you're having a hard time getting to zero, an option might be a bypass switch in parallel (to make it real close to zero), or a bypass switch that switches to or puts a lower value pot in parallel (lets you hit values closer to zero).
It's real fun to disassemble with that thing hanging on there... They should have used a connector that can be pulled off, not a component that would need resoldering.
The N-JFETs I'm thinking of operate "full current" at zero gate bias, and decrease current with negative gate bias... but the question is what's happening with a positive gate bias (which is capped at a volt or so due to the PN junction)?
Thanks! My thought was that it could give a significant boost, because some sources say the pinch-off is most responsive near zero gate voltage, but that doesn't necessarily say what happens on the other side of zero.
Update with testing results on a random PF5102 N-JFET: Vds= 8.2V Vgs=0.00V: 04.7mA (gate-source shorted) Vgs=0.10V: 06.4mA (+1.7mA, maybe some Vgs measurement error visible) Vgs=0.20V: 07.9mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.30V: 09.4mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.40V: 11.8mA (+1.4mA) Vgs=0.50V: 13.3mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.60V: 14.8mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.65V: 16.4mA (+1.6mA for .05V step!) Beyond 0.65V I start seeing enough gate conduction to make the 10K pot harder to turn up. This is measured with the current probe on the drain end, so that any gate conduction isn't included in the figure. Take Vgs= readings with a slight grain of salt, el cheapo harbor freight meter was used (but it seems in the ballpark). There does seem to be some interesting action happening as the gate begins to conduct!
[Testing results posted](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskElectronics/comments/3a80no/jfet_with_backwards_gate_bias/csa77ob)
I wonder if anyone has a collection of all these weird circuit tricks compiled somewhere... I'm sure it would be interesting reading!
At .5V you might have a hard time getting a BJT transistor to turn on... it would be right at the edge. For a transformer circuit, you could probably just use a basic 115VAC-&gt;9VAC transformer backwards (a real old school large AC transformer, not the stuff in the new switching converters that phones use), then rectify the output with a schottky bridge rectifier, and buffer with a capacitor. The circuit looks like any old AC-&gt;Transformer-&gt;Rectifier-&gt;DC power supply except you're using the transformer the other direction to boost voltage. The voltage conversion ratio will be about the same as it originally was for that transformer, just the other direction. Then afterwards use a linear regulator or diode drops or whatever to get the exact voltage you want if it's not close enough. Beware that the transformer will be boosting the current drawn from the .5VAC source, compared to what the output uses.
Neat... Some PIC18's have a capacitive touch sensor input peripheral that might help for a task like that. See http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/41412F.pdf page 321
That sounds kinda retarded. The only rationale I could see for something like that is if you come up with your own component classes that maybe include multiple actual parts that could be suitable. Kind of a way to combine "tolerances" of sorts into the part descriptor. But even that just seems really error prone and dangerous. Ideally you want an engineer to verify that part substitutions are okay, but maybe for stuff like passives there could be ways around it.
That's just gravel
In the 90's? 512MB was insane! Now I have 512MB in my phone... and it's sad.
Actually looking at [the specs](http://www.digilentinc.com/Data/Products/ANALOG-DISCOVERY/Discovery_TRM_RevC_1.pdf) it doesn't look completely crappy. They say 100MS/s for 5MHz bandwidth, which is on the low end but far outclasses the stupid hacked up audio chips on the real cheap USB scopes. To me, the logic analyzer is what sells that device though. There are times I wish I had a good enough logic analyzer, and for what I want to do, that one might be good enough! Sometimes just a way to log some GPIO action for debugging purposes is a big time saver.
The ones I've seen go high enough to respond to a diode drop in resistance mode, so .8 sounds about right.
It's not so much that the BJTs are current driven - you can get gain in the high hundreds so by that point your base drive power losses are negligible. The real power loss is that BJT's always lose about .3V in the main conduction path. So every few amps, you burn a watt no matter what. MOSFETs just have a low resistive sort of loss in the best case, so for medium power they're king. Once you start to get to high power though, IGBTs and some more exotic stuff gets common, and by then you go back to a more or less fixed voltage loss, but by that point it is better performing than the resistive losses in MOSFETs.
If using a transformer on AC supply, you would use the Schottky's after boosting voltage so the .2-.4 volt drop (times 2) doesn't kill it then.
Also, is your raw voltage source AC or DC? That will pretty much determine how to work with it. If it is DC, there are some jfet based joule thief circuits that can start from a really low voltage.
What you describe is true for power supplies with PFC - they try to draw current continuously in proportion to the instantaneous voltage level. This makes the current approximate a sine wave that's in phase with the voltage, which acts like a light bulb would and is in some ways\* the most favorable for power transmission. \* Technically, drawing power only at the peak results in less line losses, but it also distorts the AC wave which causes different problems
Yeah, it just has to buffer "enough" power to last a cycle or two, as long as it has enough voltage in the input side (even if it is varying somewhat wildly), it has juice to pump to the output in a more fine grained fashion.
It works out that this can be done for a non varying load without any output capacitor, for a chosen current error allowable. In the example of a buck converter (this isn't what is normally in a big switching supply, but it's a little simpler explanation), you have an inductor feeding the output. By its nature, it likes to maintain a steady current, and needs to absorb or release energy to change its current. It's like a capacitor for current instead of voltage, in a way. So if one end of the inductor goes to the load and feeds the output current, the other end goes to a source that's either at 0V or at a higher-than-output voltage (the "switching" part of switching power supply refers to something switching these voltages). Well, when the source is at a higher voltage, the inductor current speeds up, and when it's at a lower voltage it slows down, but if you switch fast enough you can maintain it arbitrarily close to a desired level. Capacitors are used in the output of most supplies with varying loads because they react basically as fast as possible (but also make the power supply less quick to alter its output voltage - but good thing most don't have to!). Otherwise delay in the feedback that controls the power supply means sharp changes in load cause big voltage swings at the output, which may disrupt operation or cause damage. The capacitors at the output help stabilize that and only need to last on the timescale the power supply needs to readjust its current output.
No signs of loud pops visible to me, try looking at the back side of the board.
Waaait a minute. The jumper next to the blue thing vaporized. I almost missed it. Use a meter and check nearby diodes/mosfets/capacitors for shorts.
&gt; I'm guessing Well if we're gonna guess, I'd say a rhino could cause a lot of damage even without a horn.
That's debatable - it's also possible to look at it as the space through which the photon passes is affected by gravity, and the photons are just following the curvature that exists.
A modern computer will likely run from 400Hz (internally, they convert to DC before doing much else), and if it doesn't, it's unlikely to be damaged. Motorized devices probably won't work correctly unless they use a "universal" (brushed AC/DC type) motor. A cooler that runs from a thermoelectric peltier or something like that might be okay. One that runs from a motorized compressor, I wouldn't recommend trying it on 400Hz.
Slower frequencies probably wouldn't work well (not enough buffering time in the capacitors they used), but faster at least should be compatible in principle. That's not to say they couldn't use a PFC control chip that decides to freak out and shut down at 400Hz though, but electrically nothing should be damaged. One possibility for damage though, is if they used a capacitive current limiter to provide power to the front end controller of the power supply. Those would pass more current at higher frequency/voltage and might not be happy. At 115VAC I would assume it could go up to about 100Hz without issues but because of the variance between ~90VAC at 50Hz up to 240VAC at 60Hz (yeah these are unusual but they are typically designed for), that kind of design choice is already questionable and not all that likely to be used. My guess is if this is the case and it's not adequately heatsinked for 400Hz operation, it would run fine for a short period and then some type of regulator (maybe zener diode?) in the power supply would overheat. If you had an infrared camera and opened the power supply up, you might be able to spot it before it goes. I don't particularly expect this to happen though. Older power supplies with the 115/230 switch on back should be 100% compatible - there is no brains looking at the AC side, it all operates off ~350VDC or so.
I'm not sure how it's clear from the board picture that it's a dual gang pot?
Single gang with grounded frame?
Probably waiting for heating to start bending the joints.
Yeah I'm not 100% sure about passive PFC... do you know how they are usually implemented? Is it just a basic filter circuit?
Some people might laugh about motor -&gt; generator systems, but these aren't uncommon in some uses. They're dead simple... there's nothing that can go wrong really besides the predictable wear-out patterns of motors/generators. There's no control board that might decide to croak after a couple years if it has bad components or manufacturing.
I'm liking the consummate V's.
Yeah, this makes sense. I guess the topic is a little more complicated than I thought it would be.
Also, a 6V panel is cutting it close to being able to be able to charge a 6V battery effectively. A charger with boost capability might be nice to get around that.
Yup. Capacitor electrolyte is thin and liquidy when it leaks out. It won't stick to components in a... hmm, snotty way like in the picture.
Your answer implies that one could use a 7805 to generate a -5V rail but in practice it's not as straight forward. The 7905 -5V regulator wouldn't exist.
That doesn't work when you have current draw between top and middle. Middle node gets pulled up.
With your strategy, the middle driver needs to be able to pull both up and down. 7805 only drives the output up, not down. A beefy opamp could do it, but there's not many opamps as beefy as those regulators. As an ugly workaround, you can add fixed load on the bottom segment... as long as it's more than the load the top segment sees, it will work. Efficiency goes to crap though, but on low current circuits at least it's a way to go. If you can tolerate some crossover distortion of sorts, you could put a zener across the bottom segment which limits its voltage to something a little higher than it wants to regulate to. Maybe putting a big capacitor across it slows the voltage change to something the circuit won't care about (actually you want capacitance across both segments to keep the middle voltage where you want it at startup). 7905 only drives the output down, not up, so it works for a negative rail that only gets pulled by the load toward ground.
&gt; I think the reason that you can't simply stack these regulators is that the bottom regulator would end up sinking current, which it's probably not designed to do? Yep you got it.
They need to html5 that thing, I've been flash free for months...
Probably higher chip level integration means less RF design needed in the device side. If only a handful of companies do much RF design (and implementers end up just working off examples to get an antenna connected), there's not many RF positions out there. I don't know if this is true though, but I suspect this would be the argument.
Is something overheating? Is the 9V supply good when it messes up?
Average value of the promotion, given the current number of entries: Approx 1.5 cents.
What about while it's still connected?
With meter tips to metal, same as usual! Just find it on the board.
Which part were you worried about for ESP8266? Datasheet/internal docs, okay I get that. But if you're worried about supply chain, just overpurchase because they're so damn cheap. Do a redesign if you run out and can't get more...
You don't need a balancing charger with cells in parallel - that's for cells in series. You can use single cell chargers, but the issue is slow charge rates aren't always very nice to Li-ion, so you want a charger proportional in current to the size of the battery. So your 1A charger is only (1/15)C charge rate for your frankenbattery. You probably want to charge at a .5C to 1C rate to keep the cells healthy. So I would recommend a 10A charger or so. Also look up recommended wiring strategies for putting cells like that in parallel (relating to the resistance seen from the common points to each cell). A simple daisy chain might not be adequate to keep the cells in balance.
Don't forget to kill all the witnesses too.
There is a port of Doom (not fully faithful to the original - varying height isn't implemented) that [runs on the VIC-20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWIzWntEYcE). It does have sound, music, textured (and angled) walls, sprites, and a semi-playable framerate. If the VIC-20 can do it with 35KB RAM (yeah, it needs RAM upgrades to run), this thing certainly has a chance...
Naturally transistor would be a four letter word to them...
20Khz? seems pretty low. In the MOS era, discrete logic was faster than highly integrated ICs. Though maybe just discrete logic chips, not discrete transistors?
Then it might need a RAM upgrade also!
It's not true for all manufacturers. Some say there is no overrating needed for their parts - they have specced their parts accurately. There was no capacitor plague before the late 90's, and it's not because people stopped going overkill on voltage ratings.
Also, it's not necessarily a question of whether it was an intentional action, but whether the action was intended as communication or if they were just trying to grab it themselves.
Or use the pot as a variable resistor (won't be quite as accurate as fan speed changes though, but it can work). But using the pot as a (low impedance) voltage divider is a bad idea because you're already short on current and the pot will suck some up itself.
Yeah missing an arm and the dude's right side of his head is very... literal...
Of course, and if you can't find them, you probably shouldn't be using that capacitor! Also beware that a surge voltage rating isn't meant to be used continuously.
One tip, some mercury vapor lamp circuits don't like being run underpowered (can cause damage to the lamp), so you might want to think about adding an undervoltage cutout circuit of some kind, or otherwise make sure that doesn't happen.
&gt; while it was still soldered in. i was getting ohm readings all over the place. going up and down. This happens sometimes on either autoranging meters that get confused by what they're seeing, or on circuits that can oscillate at a low voltage. My guess is the meter was charging up a capacitor or something and then switched resistance range, which made the capacitor drain out, so then it switches range again... What I sometimes do to test these is cut one of the component leads, then measure, and if it tested out okay I'll just solder the lead back together. On a part that gets really hot though sometimes you have to be careful it won't unsolder itself, and also on devices prone to vibration.
And they stopped just short of saying that this GMR effect is used in the hard drive read head to discern the magnetic state on the media... I mean, to me that sounds like a pretty basic tidbit. It makes it sound like they don't know what they're talking about by omitting what it's used for. ... Or that they don't think the audience cares, which I find offensive.
Ahh, LED lights - yeah you shouldn't have to worry about undervoltage damaging the device. Still isn't good for a lead acid battery to be fully drained though, but if it's heading to recycle anyway, have at it!
And "close to their rails" has a very different meaning depending on the opamp. Some lose like 2V on the edges... "rail-to-rail" is a term of interest, but you have to make sure it's talking about (in this case), both input range AND output range (at least at the ground end).
I think your suggestion of direction control + PWM magnitude is the best way to go. Out of microcontroller pins? Figure out some circuit origami to combine two pins' roles into one! Sometimes with clever trickery, two (mutually exclusive) LEDs might be put on one pin, or things like that.
He *also* needs a boost converter to power the opamp. Or an appropriate voltage controlled buck/boost converter... might be harder to do though.
CMOS logic: All unused inputs should be tied to ground/vcc to prevent self oscillation or high power drain TTL logic: Usually okay to leave unused gates completely unconnected (A slight rationale for this, is if it turns out you have to bodge something after manufacturing, you have free gates that can be wired to if needed) Under no circumstance should you put extra logic into the main circuit signal path for no reason - it increases the failure likelihood.
Right, it's certainly a reason though. I've seen it done a few places in the schematics for the Sanyo MBC-55x (1982-87 8088 system done with all discrete TTL logic chips for the chipset glue). It's a crazy little machine.
Yeah, I hear ya... some of these otherwise identical motherboards had factory bodge wires and capacitors added while some don't... they must have had a good procedure in place to accomplish that kind of trickery.
Sometimes the code just isn't all that efficient either. Maybe part of it is all the abstraction layers to make things fit together easily, where application-specific code you see in games and such might end up more inlined or hardcoded, so to speak.
For the most part this is a question of kernel configuration. Some kernels just don't like to boot on certain systems for whatever reasons. Maybe some option turned on doesn't play nice, sometimes there are bugs where something has to be specifically built in or built as a module to work. Sometimes you just have to go to a newer/older kernel version. It's often an option to use the kernel source and/or configuration from a distro that does boot, and work from there.
And at very low speeds, those losses can be extremely significant. You want to stay firmly in the kinetic friction range... when things start going slow, the surfaces in contact stop skipping past each other as well and you get something closer to static friction, which is more difficult to overcome.
I'm sure you've gotten this suggestion before, but if you can bend it back carefully with a bent paperclip, try it, you've got nothing to lose... if it's snapped then yeah, you'll need a new connector or new motherboard (and the prices on the motherboards are not very good).
Possible idea... you could try sticking something similar shaped into the cable end, solder a little magnet wire on it, then solder that to the board pin. Might not work well if its a high speed line unless you keep the wire real short (solder after inserting plug) and it's not really a professional repair, but if it gets the thing running again for you...
If you let us know what resistors you have under 100 ohms or so, it would make it a lot easier...
Except it's not fast acting enough to kill them and it's just going to be spread to their victims :(
You might be able to use two cards in tandem to cut your latencies in half or so. Your storage system will end up braindead fucked though unless all interfacing is through the microcontroller to un-twist the data. Otherwise the options are, experiment with cards, try 4 bit mode instead of SPI (sometimes the microcontroller inside handles this better even though it is much less efficient for the application microcontroller to deal with - very weird and inefficient CRC'ing that in particular is mandatory for writes), add a SPI RAM IC for buffer, use better microcontroller (hopefully with dedicated SD peripheral), etc. For what it's worth, look for class 2 / class 4 cards. The newer ones aren't always better for small writes.
&gt; on the 8086 the hardware reads 2 bytes and throws one away if you access by the byte I don't think this is always true, when 16 bit ISA came out, there were control lines added to allow the mainboard to tell the card what size of read/write was being performed. A couple reasons for this: 8 bit cards had to still be supported (I suppose this could be gotten around through processor logic though), but more importantly, on 16 bit cards, sometimes there are adjacent IO ports that would be messed up if a 16 bit RMW were performed because sometimes just reading or writing a port triggers an action, even if the data stays the same. Some 16 bit cards were designed to mimic the earlier 8 bit version so that software would be compatible (otherwise this problem could be designed around on the card side). But 16 bit actions had to be 16 bit aligned I believe because otherwise a lot of weird logic would need to be on the card to support flipping bit lanes around, and in the early days that kind of stuff was commonly done in discrete logic ($$), not to mention adding signal delay that could impact bus speed compatibility.
&gt; It is a bit unusual to have different brands of caps on a board, with is a nother no-no indicator. That part doesn't worry me unless there are caps that were obviously supposed to be identical (same voltage, capacitance, and in parallel) - there are few situations where a manufacturer would put identical-but-different-brand caps in like that. BUT... I could imagine a rationale for doing so: Let's say I have a couple brands of cheap capacitor available to me, but I'm not really sure which is more reliable. I could design it so 50% capacitance is "enough" for the circuit, and put one of each on. Unless both brands fail, the board should keep working, and as time goes on I'll probably get some boards back and be able to pull the caps off and check their health. If you see signs of rework on the bottom side (sloppy solder on some components but not others, and not just on things that were originally hand soldered like weird connectors or stuff on heatsinks), then there's a good bet this is a reconditioned/used part.
That's what I've seen mentioned - I think what happens is that 1 bit mode may need more software intervention by the controller in the SD card where 4 bit mode has more hardware acceleration. I'm not sure exactly why but there does seem to be a big latency difference on some cards. Maybe they just spent more time optimizing 4 bit mode because that's what digital cameras and card readers use, and 1 bit was just kinda there for MMC compatibility, and stuff that used it generally isn't very performance critical.
&gt; I hope that changing AO3409 will solve this. You can verify that's the problem with a multimeter on diode mode. Source-to-drain should measure a diode drop in one direction, and no reading in the other. (Disconnect fan to ensure good reading). If the mosfet is fried, you will probably get 0V reading between source/drain in either direction. In a working MOSFET, there shouldn't be conduction between gate and the other pins either.
It may be cheaper to use a beefy 12V inverter, then rectify the output. But a lot of inverters don't do well with capacitive loads (the capacitor buffer after the rectifier). So you really need an inverter that can limit its current while charging the capacitors or it will either blow itself up or blow up the rectifier diodes. Or, you could add your own inrush limiting circuit. You won't quite reach 180V but I bet you will get at least 140V.
If the motor is rated for 4A, its stall current (ie, the thing is mechanically stuck but you're still trying to power the motor) is probably much more, so take that into account. You may want a self resetting over-current cutout or something to help protect things during that sort of event.
You can approximate what the stall current would be by measuring the motor coil resistance with a multimeter. Then divide your expected DC voltage by that many ohms - that's basically the most amps that can go through the motor, but if that happens for too long, either the motor itself or something else will overheat. It's possible the stall current could be 20A or more. PTC fuses would probably protect the motor well enough, but it would be irritating to use because they take a while to cool down (and you have to find a safe spot to put it, they get HOT when they trip). Not to mention they might not be fast enough acting to adequately protect the inverter (but hopefully a good inverter has its own overcurrent/short circuit shutdown). Some kind of active limiting would be preferable but I wouldn't worry too much about fine tuning the protection mechanism until you get the rest of the stuff working! Anyway if you rate the fuse to something like 6A that might be reasonable (PTC fuses aren't very exact so you may want to get a few of them and experiment). Of course if you limit to 6A continuous, you want an inverter that can do more than 6A continuous without blowing up.
No problem, good luck!
Short and simplified answer for the usual case with an NPN: In all parts of this, make sure all units are in amps, volts, ohms (convert from milliamps to amps, for example). Take your expected transistor output current, divide it by the minimum gain for that transistor type (if not sure, assume gain=60, else check datasheet). This is the trigger (base) current you need. Subtract .7V from the supply voltage (actually, the voltage supplied to trigger the transistor). Divide the remaining voltage by the base current and this is the target (maximum) resistance that will fully activate the transistor. If you have to differ, go lower (within reason), but going higher may not attain the output current you want. Fatangaboo's schematic has some weirdness going on. I'd avoid it. [Use this instead.](http://www.penguintutor.com/electronics/transistor-switch) - the top "resistor" represents the load (igniter).
Ok sounds about right for that level of operation. Try adding RAM and see if beeps change (usually a different pattern for RAM but no video, or depending on BIOS settings it may try to boot with no video card)
Like, the ignition supplies power when you turn the bike on - the choice is between ground &amp; battery+, or between ground and a wire after the ignition switch - that way is preferable. Of course you also have to wire the headlight switch's supply, etc, to the output of the converter that way. If you had a converter that powered only one thing, you could put the converter supply after the switch for that device, so the switch turns off power to the converter when not in use, but not a big deal unless its something that could be powered with the bike off. Note that with these converters, the input negative and output negative are connected in the converter board. So there is no need to rewire ground wires from the devices to the output ground - it's the same ground either way. If it were an isolating converter, then you do need to use the output ground or no current can flow (or wire the grounds together at the converter, but it defeats isolation).
Yep that's the gist of it. You should be able to wire it up no problem. I think you have some subtle theory errors (voltage doesn't go "through", it goes across, but current goes through) but that's more of concern if you want to learn how to analyze circuits. After the current goes through the headlight it's not at 12V anymore but yeah I get what you mean!
Almost never. But I deal mostly in DC circuits and microcontroller programming so it's not really all that useful in this domain. Other places it is really handy to speed up calculations.
Someone that's trying to go way too fast around people that are enjoying their low relative speeds on the highway just fine without them. If you need to blast down the highway, slow down when you reach other cars. Bonus: People snail racing each other while one is overtaking the other on the highway. Jesus, the cops aren't going to pull you over for going one MPH faster for the next 10 seconds.
Is your microcontroller gitching out? Are its outputs still correct when this happens?
Thanks mr. fluffles
Is the TV rated to 240VAC or just 120VAC?
If there's a possibility you disconnected the neutral before disconnecting the hots, it can put a &gt; 120VAC across some devices. If you turned off all the breakers before doing anything it's probably not the case.
You hit on another part of the issue as well - insulation. The body can to some extent control how much blood circulation there is to the skin and extremities, so the calorie consumption boost from cold temps one might assume probably are more than the actual calorie boost, because the body will trade off letting the skin get colder for not exchanging as much heat with the environment.
Usually not, but if the power supply really only can handle 120VAC, it could potentially be exposed to a majority of 240VAC in the US if the other leg of the AC had a lot of load on it compared to the leg with the TV, and the neutral is disconnected. The neutral voltage would be pulled toward the other hot and then there can be problems. A blanket statement that it cannot cause damage is demonstrably false.
To add a bit of rationale: The 12A fuse was probably selected to protect in instances where the device is in an already hot room, the line voltage is near the maximum allowable, etc. 14A should be safe enough as long as things aren't otherwise near the breaking point. It is less than a 20% increase. If things didn't melt/smoke with a 12A, they won't start on fire with 14A. But... it is still important to replace soon with a 12A fuse, if for no other reason than to make sure the machine is working properly. If it blows with a 12A fuse, something is still wrong with it and continuing to use it is just asking for problems. Also be sure to replace with the same type of fuse (fast blow, slow blow, etc). Putting a fast blow 14A fuse in place of a slow blow 12A fuse might lead to the fuse popping as soon as it powers up, if it draws a brief surge. Likewise, a slow blow in place of a fast blow may not protect the circuit.
Also, it is probably advantageous to reorganize the table, so that its byte contents match the register contents. It's not a big deal, and usually you can get by with shifting in the program, but if you are getting short on cycles, it is an easy thing to fix to get some speed back. You can probably just multiply by 2^6 in whatever you used to generate your tables to make a fixed version.
You can compromise - make the table have human readable numbers and stick a &lt;&lt;6 (or equivalent) in each value! But, I think it is more valuable to have a comment description that tells how the table is generated. It's easier to make a new table based on that if necessary than reverse engineering how the numbers came about by hand.
Ahh, I see what you meant. Yeah, that wouldn't be nearly as bad.
Yeah, and at least in assembly you could generate the whole table with a macro loop (is this possible in C/C++?) I'm not sure how I feel about that idea though, macros can get unreadable and unwieldy, and it's an awful lot easier to be mathematically accurate generating tables in a spreadsheet or something more well designed for numeric manipulation.
I meant, using a macro to generate the entire table, not just shift values.
Gotcha. That's what I kinda thought but I haven't done enough C programming to know for sure. I know it can be done in mpasm though.
Main thing with digital is keeping a good handle on propagation times (for stuff like FPGAs - your design software may help you), and I know some transmission line knowledge is good for high speed busses. You might need to play with level shifting in some cases, but that's more a circuitry knowledge thing than analog/rf voodoo. In general you'll know what the problems are when you run into them, and then it's time to do some research.
I really wish there was a way to hack the ecu to allow this - 35-40mph in 6th is a perfectly reasonable way to roll on flat roads once up to speed. I am, however, very pleased with how cruise control works in the stick mode - trading some speed to stay in the selected gear.
Doesn't quite work that way unless the controller was already designed to be a USB device (just with a different connector). This isn't the case for like old SNES/NES stuff. Dreamcast used a bus similar in some ways to USB but not the same and wouldn't work either.
Sometimes when there is no load at all on a line, it will pick up some voltage capacitively from other lines near it. It's conceivable it could be enough to make a high efficiency LED glow a bit. If you plug in, say, a 60W incandescent in parallel with the LED strip, I bet the 60W bulb will hold the voltage down to nearly nothing and it will act as expected. This can be a major source of confusion when trying to use a multimeter to test wire liveness. With no load, it takes very little energy transfer to make a high-ish voltage appear. But, normally this will only occur in walls where wires are run near to each other - I wouldn't expect this to be the case when an extension cord is just inside a room with a switch on the cord. There shouldn't be enough capacitive coupling to light LEDs visibly that way. There could be other causes of energy leakage - maybe the switch has some dirt or other contamination internally that might be slightly conductive. You might try unplugging the whole cord and measuring the switch resistance with the meter.
Front impact? The way you phrased it, it sounded like you landed on a fence!
Does or can the tuning programming change the forced shift points? Eg, can you run 38mph in 6th gear on a 2013 3 skyactive with 6 speed automatic? Normally it kicks me out around 42mph. Would be nice to gain a little mpg on 35mph roads without having to go 8 over. It sure feels like the engine has enough low end torque to do it, even without other programming alterations.
Best to wait until you get the components - you would be rather interested in any quirks or intricacies of the actual GSM module you use, and any simulator might not work exactly the same. Do read up on interface specs in the meantime though, and put some tests together that you can run when you get the hardware.
Butter knife won't get under the eyelash, you gotta use something sharper
Probably that long curved trace at the edge is the antenna. I don't know if it's possible to enhance its function by adding a wire, but if I were to try, that's what I would attach it to. Length, try adding 14cm, more than that probably won't help. The wire will have to hang out to be effective. There's probably no easy way to improve the signal within the enclosure without reengineering the RF circuitry. No real guarantee this will help either, but at least if it doesn't, just remove the wire and no harm done.
Here's one I found on ebay, [It's a little overkill though](http://www.ebay.com/itm/200W-15A-DC-DC-8-60V-TO-1-36V-12V-voltage-power-Buck-Converter-Step-down-module-/271970055485?hash=item3f52adb53d:g:17wAAOSw3ydV4CL5) If you can tolerate going from wall AC to 12V there are cheaper/smaller options. [Like this one...](http://www.ebay.com/itm/AC90-240V-to-DC12V-1A-isolated-switching-power-supply-board-EMI-filter-circuit-/291646104292?hash=item43e77662e4:g:0nIAAOSwk1JWfEcm)
On one TV I saw a very strange lightning damage scenario... mainboard was destroyed (expected because the current path was through the cable coax), but the weird part was that the t-con was damaged but still operating. The TV's power light flashed constantly (apparently it knew something was wrong), but the TV would run. Until, sporadically, the image would mess up. It could take 5 minutes, it could take half an hour. After I was able to see the symptoms, I got a new t-con for it as well, and then everything was fine.
Not sure what frequency it uses but 433mhz is the higher of the 2 likelies and 17cm is optimal there, and there's already a few cm in the board trace
Yup, I've actually seen it used in real devices too.
But they're saying it works at 25MHz but not 100KHz. (I don't get it either)
&gt; And that means you have the opportunity to firewall your entire prefix from a single location. But then it's just an opportunity instead of a de-facto automatic action. (I love the downvotes, but if anyone can explain why I'm wrong, I'd much prefer that)
I'm just going by the 95% of people out there that don't know their router can be configured. Things are always fixable one way or another for people like us but if the default configuration can be exploited, usually it will be.
The argument that services are not accessible by default behind NAT goes a step beyond security by obscurity. Assuming the router can't be owned, this is the end of the line. If instead, you have to depend on a "firewall" to do this stuff, explain to me how its rules will be decided? How will the rules be updated when new applications come out? It sounds like this is going to devolve into application-by-application security hell that we used to have with dial-up and blaster worm and all that.
Sounds like PIC18 would be a better fit with the FSR2 data stack addressing mode available, but I imagine it could be shoehorned into PIC16. The PIC call stack model is pretty screwy though, I'm not sure if PIC16 allows manipulating it or not, but PIC18 does, it's just a little weird (not part of the data stack). They do use C++ features so maybe if you're not able to manipulate the call stack, it could be a deal breaker.
Only 50/50, half the time it'll be their phone ^^on ^^the ^^uber
Probably better to remove it by wedging a putty knife or something behind it. Hard to say what if anything happened with the battery. I would treat it with caution.
Just that 15GB isn't a big deal anymore for most cases.
I think the time period this happens in is too long to realistically smooth with a capacitor (you may be creating inrush problems with enough capacitance to accomplish it). There's a couple places this could be coming from. Wire resistance to the power supply could be causing voltage dip. If you can split the power feed that operates the LEDs (and maybe other low current electronics) from the feed that operates the heater and wire them together at the power supply, this may solve that problem. The other part is if the power supply output voltage is dipping in response to load. If this is the case, you would need a beefier power supply. You might consider using a computer power supply with a beefy 12V rail. Assuming the wattage is in range (I'd recommend it for less than 25 amps, voltage does start to dip a little bit above that), I'd look at a Corsair 430CX as a cheap but good performing option. I can attest from a past project that they deal very well with a high amperage pulsating load.
I think they're having problem with the compiler synthesizing accurate delays, or they have other code executing around the delays, something... It was really easy to do it in assembly when I interfaced with an 18b20 on a 4MHz internal osc on a pic12. On the other hand, walking the 128 bit device IDs when you only have like 30 bytes of ram became really interesting...
Also, want to compile firefox in a chroot on an android phone? The stuff just works. Well, if you can fit in the RAM restrictions and android's kill-happy memory management. I was able to rebuild world with a little memory trickery on 800 some available (to the kernel) MB and android running in the background. On a side note, it can be handy as hell being able to run a real desktop browser on a phone... if quite irritating to use. So many sites just don't let you do everything on a mobile browser...
Yeah, previous advice still stands.
Breadboard would have also had a few various contact points involved in the power and shorted output path, as well as more wire length. Probably added just enough resistance. You're spot on about the coin cell.
Running at 3V instead of 5V probably helped too, I know it can be pretty easy to damage gpio's at 5V, but 3V, minus the base-emitter at, say, .7V only leaves 2.3V left to attack the output driver. If the batteries were a little drained, even less then.
Too easy, there's more than one solution!
Well, they could in theory ignite stuff like sawdust or explosive mixtures or paper or other stuff that's really ready to go up in flames to begin with, but I don't think they would be able to ignite wood or plastic insulation.
I'm not sure it's worth complaining about nepotism until there's someone else that would be more qualified but passed over.
So, let's start with expected load current. Let's say a fully charged 9V battery might be 1.6V per cell, times 6 cells gives 9.6V minus .3V that will be lost in the transistor leaves maybe 9.3V across the load. V/R=I 9.3/100 = .093A = 93mA 93mA / transistor_gain = required_base_current 93/15=6.2mA Let's assume your raspberry pi might be running from as low as 3V, and sourcing 6.2mA, maybe it loses .2V in the gpio driver. So it should be putting out at least 2.8V. We can subtract off the expected .7V that the base-emitter will drop, leaving 2.1V So, 2.1V is across R1. To achieve 6.2mA, we go back to ohm's law again (be sure to convert current to amps first!) V/I=R 2.1/.0062=338 ohms. Closest lower value is 330 ohms - a 330 ohm 1% resistor should satisfy all our requirements, and even leaves a tiny bit of headroom. However, it doesn't account for any possible load variation (is it 1%? is it 5%?). If we knew the load was exactly 100 ohms we would be okay. But otherwise, the next lowest E12 resistor value is 270 ohms. Probably this is the value we really want to use, and then the load current has a little bit of overhead available. At 270 ohms, the lowest expected base current will be 2.1/270=7.8mA (V/R=I) which should be fine to activate the transistor. Let's check the other end, maybe the rPI is running at 3.6V and not losing much voltage at all in the GPIO driver. 3.6-0.7=2.9V (to handle transistor B-E drop). 2.9/270=10.7mA, which should be safe for the GPIO to source. This is really one of the keys to good circuit design - checking everything under the possible worst-cases. You end up with a device that can tolerate a lot of things it normally won't have to face, and as components age and degrade, it may continue operating longer.
Motors won't really have a characteristic resistance unless you make some assumptions. You could calculate a resistance at a particular voltage and no extra mechanical load (at a given temperature), or a locked rotor resistance (measuring with a meter on ohm mode may give you this). But basically, for this kind of purpose, you're concerned with the maximum current it would draw for a significant amount of time. It will draw more current when you first apply power and it's trying to start spinning from 0 rpm, but assuming it gets up to speed quickly, it can usually be ignored. So my advice there, is just hook the motor straight to the power source, and use the meter in current mode in series with it (that is, make the current go through the meter). You can measure the actual current it requires. You can experiment by adding load to the motor and seeing what it does to the current drawn. Note that after some point you may be exceeding the current the battery can provide and its voltage will drop off. If this is a concern, using a 2nd meter to monitor voltage supplied to the motor isn't a bad idea.
I'd say that's incidental, she didn't have a parent in Harvard's admissions department. If there was a bigger contributor to the research and they didn't end up in the authors, that would be pretty wacky.
Probably don't want to use a voltage divider, a 7805 might be enough to experiment with though. If it's being PWM'd, 9V into a 5V motor is fine as long as you don't go much over 5/9 duty cycle.
And like mentioned elsewhere, you get enough people on one cell and there's no way to maintain the kinds of speeds advertised, and that's pretty much true for any wireless system.
&gt; Ancient mainboard utilising dual 8-bit micros, one using external FLASH ROM... Wow. Must not employ many engineers anymore where that comes from, I'd look at that for cost cutting before skimping out on capacitors. Not to mention they could fix the interface.
I've done it just with a 2$ dc-dc buck board from ebay, a laptop charger, and a multimeter. Wasn't ideal by any means but it worked. Basically you have to keep aiming the voltage a little bit higher than the cell voltage, watch current with the meter, when current gets low, up the voltage a little until you get to 4.2.
It's great logic until it trips a ptc fuse or worse.
Easy there, we don't take kindly to that level of sarcasm around these parts
Came from an '02 impala (yuck) to a 2013 mazda 3i and the actually-turning-your-head rear/rear-side visibility is kinda meh on the 3. The passenger seat headrest likes to get in the way, and I'm not sure what it is with the rest of it, but it just feels like I have to strain to see everything. I have very few complaints about the car otherwise though.
Shouldn't be an issue with modern alternators until you get to really low RPM... but back when they used DC generators, totally different story there. However, I think a lot of newer cars cut the alternator momentarily to check the actual battery voltage when it's not being propped up by the alternator. I've also got the issue /u/sirdongsaloot mentioned and it's not normal (it can do it 5 times in a row pulling up to a stop sign), but apparently it's fixed with a software update.
Not sure why downvoted, I'd tend to agree. Way too low inductance to have any real effect, except maybe with high frequency noise, but why would a cheap power strip even begin to concern itself with that?
Its not so much electrical noise that's a problem, just plain old resistive wire losses.
And you put some filtering at the end and like magic it's gone!
Put a magnet next to it ;)
Install to a usb as you would an internal hard drive. It should work fine with newer BIOS, some older ones are really picky with booting USB. Or if you're asking a different question, be more specific.
A possible approach might be using any chip with USB host capability, paired with a miniscule AVR running V-USB (software bit-banged low speed USB stack that can handle HID level stuff). Basically the V-USB chip would just be doing very simple data exchanges with the main chip and sending stuff to the HID handling host. Whenever V-USB is actually doing USB data exchange, the whole processor is tied up (no interrupts are possible to be used) because the USB timing is controlled directly by the instruction sequence. It also requires using one of a few allowed clock rates, but internal oscillator can be a possible choice there.
Shorter wires are nice up to the point that it becomes difficult to remove something to inspect/repair it. I wouldn't feel bad about having a loop of the bundle where you secure it with a cable tie or velcro or something. Maybe the more important part is having wire lengths properly matched so that they can be sanely bundled together. You hate to scrunch them all together and find you've got 2 extra inches on one wire, 4 on another... etc.
6xAA range: 6V-9.6V (assuming 1.0 to 1.6V per cell) 4xAA range: 4V-6.4V (same assumptions) You probably wouldn't want to use a linear regulator because it would be dissipating a lot of heat. Can you use one of the cheap buck converters on ebay? Here's [very cheap from china](http://www.ebay.com/itm/1-DC-DC-Buck-Converter-Step-Down-Module-LM2596-Power-Supply-Output-1-23V-30V-/181409861491?hash=item2a3cdecf73:g:SYYAAOxywFhTc1zI) or [still pretty cheap from the US](http://www.ebay.com/itm/2pcs-Re-DC-DC-3A-Buck-Converter-Adjustable-Step-Down-Power-Supply-Module-LM2596S-/221991448956?hash=item33afb8b17c:g:jSYAAOSwwPhWktKi) Note: These boards always lose about .8V from input to output (or however much more is required for the output you set), so at the bottom range you'll end up with about 6V-0.8V=5.2V which should still be plenty good enough. Maximum current is about 2A depending on the cooling situation.
No, just a coincidence that those boards are that cheap. It has to do with the power conversion topology. Check the [buck converter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buck_converter) wikipedia entry.
Just unmerge and re-emerge the desired package? (actually for this special case of firmware, you can probably just manually back up the files and if you need to, selectively combine them from the various packages)
No, don't answer, we heard it the first time
It's basically saying they conflict (probably iwl6005-ucode is included in linux-firmware) but if you want to, you could back up the files iwl6005 installs, unmerge it, install linux-firmware, then copy the iwl6005 files back over whatever it has, if this helps your situation.
I believe this approach isn't all that uncommon for driving things like shift registers. (I also have some severe misgivings with the I2C controller on a PIC18F46K22; I really wanted to make it work for a shift register driver application but it behaved too strangely, went to bitbanging to get around it. Probably I was doing something wrong, but damn if I know what!)
Did you read the question?
Well, you can't use the extra capacity of that cell. If that's the only problem going on with your battery pack, it should actually be okay. You still don't want to insert the new cell empty into an otherwise charged pack. Beyond that potential issue you'd get with any cell replacement, whatever balancing is in place (hope there is some?) should still operate. If the pack doesn't use individual cell monitoring and balancing and instead depends on full pack voltage to determine end of charage/discharge, throw the thing out. And throw the drill out too.
I think it's interesting to see a vestigial feature in part of the chip that ended up not actually used (the backwards mode in the priority encoder). To solve the program counter update ordering issue (writing program counter before other registers causes a problem during page faults), they decided to count bits and always do the program counter last. It made the backwards priority encoder mode useless for its intended purpose, but it's still there in silicon - at least in that version of the chip.
Do the contents look encrypted? If not, probably won't be terribly hard. If so, difficulty depends entirely on their implementation. It could be difficult to the point that you'd have to decap a chip to get at it.
Can a dspic execute code from external memory? I haven't looked into those but the only microchip I know of that can is pic17
&gt; Additionally, from looking at the block diagram, the result has to into the working register. This is incorrect. Result can be stored back into the memory file operand instead. There is a selection bit on just about every instruction where it makes sense to do so. The old joke "you might as well divide your clock rate by 2 because you spend half the time moving stuff in or out of W" is still basically true though.
I think the only of their sample code I've used was the pic12 eeprom library, which actually worked as advertised and was really well coded considering the constraints of the chip it ran on. But I program everything in assembly and avoid all their closed development software like the plague.
Wow that seems really counterproductive. To me, that would just serve to encourage bypassing the firewall. A giant site with tons of content and half of it you can't see? Good reason to get uppity, no? Edit: I'm referring to blocking imgur but not blocking reddit. I would have thought it would make more sense to block both.
Kinda like back when AOL was a thing... hmm...
I think most pic programmers already do the divide by 4 implicitly and think from the beginning in terms of instruction cycles instead of oscillator cycles. But your point is perfectly valid. This divide-by-4 isn't all bad though; it makes instruction timings very uniform for when you write timed code sequences. You can do that on AVR too (see V-USB for perhaps the ultimate example), but in general that kind of trickery is easier on PIC.
There's a lot of PIC18s that run at 40 or 64MHz clock rate though, and can even do so from internal oscillator and internal PLL.
I think you would get by alright with a 10A power supply if this makes it cheaper. Maybe you could consider putting a 2A polyfuse in series with the motor or something, and might be able to get by with something like an 8A supply then. Motor and LED strips in parallel should be fine. Yes, PWM'ing the motor will reduce its current, also will reduce speed. Overbuilding doesn't hurt but going complete overkill just makes it more expensive. A power supply with enough output to smoke your wires just adds another concern though. A fuse of some type is a good idea in any case. A small fan blowing through the enclosure should be plenty adequate here.
So, 64/4 for 16MIPS (realistically equivalent to something like 10-12MIPS due to W register games). On AVR, jumps, calls, and returns are 3-4 cycles which puts it at a little worse speed for those kind of instructions. Most of the register to register instructions are single cycle though. I'd probably place a 32MHz AVR at an equivalent 25MIPS. So yeah, it's probably at least twice as fast as a 64MHz PIC. Depends on the actual workload involved... AVR is probably even more effective for stuff involving more complex math and PIC likely holds its own for certain types of simple tasks.
Maybe a better option is using a mosfet, N channel recommended to switch the negative connection to the LEDs. No mechanical action needed but the disadvantage is you lose ground isolation between control and power circuitry.
Right, I mean you could just use a small indicator LED to test, unless you need the full light for something else to work. But yeah there would be some tens or hundreds of milliseconds of delay with a mechanical relay.
For 1. - it's probably a good idea to use full package specifiers in stuff like scripts just to prevent the small chance of breakage if another package with the same name shows up. Then again if a package moves categories, a full specifier would make it break...
It's more a timing problem that can become an issue if you're doing things on the microsecond/millisecond scale. Because it's running an OS without a hard realtime kernel, there are lots of times where the CPU will be stuck handling something for a brief interval and during that, your program can't run. It means you'd have problems doing things like bitbanging USB (which strangely enough can be done on a small AVR) but is basically impossible to do on anything running linux (and in fact would be tricky on any CPU with cache memory, because cache hits/misses will affect timing as well). Another thing you probably would want no OS in the way for is running a DC-DC switching converter under software control - timing errors there can affect the switching characteristics, and if execution stops for too long, could even damage circuitry. But stuff like turning lights on/off, there's probably no issue unless you're doing tricky stuff like synchronizing them to a camera or something. In any event, a mechanical relay would introduce more uncertainty than linux's scheduling would.
Couple decades off but still last millennium so we'll allow it!
In this case, you don't need a massive transmitter... you just need an absolutely crazy expensive receiver. (And the transmitter that sends to voyager probably has some decent watts behind it)
Looks like it. If not, it still seems like an appropriate place to look.
&gt; Raspberry Pi's maximum GPIO on voltages are 3.3 v, and programming with PWM you can specify how much voltage goes out on a percentage scale ranging from 1 to 100. You're good up to this point. PWM doesn't work by outputting a fixed voltage in a middle range, it operates by outputting either 100% or 0% in rapid pulses that average out to the percent voltage you specify. Typically you can control the switching rate. The transistor would only ever be seeing the full base current or no current at all, and the transistor would be repeatedly switching on and off. Also keep in mind your calculations aren't including the transistor voltage drops (.7V or so on base-emitter, and .3V on emitter-collector) - these can significantly affect calculations when the voltages involved are close to those levels. Probably doesn't need to be considered for the 9V side but I would definitely include the .7V drop on the base-emitter, because your base resistor calculation will vary considerably because of it.
Need to wait for people time
Optocoupler is really good protection if your signals can tolerate one - socket it and if you blow it up it's easy to replace.
The voltage drops are pretty standard for silicon BJT transistors like that, but usually they're specified in the datasheet somehow. It's actually very complicated to get exact with those voltage drops (they change with current), but when it doesn't need to be exact, a good approximation is fairly easy to hammer out. All that's really needed here is getting approximate.
Major self selection bias. If you don't have the popular opinion (or at least a very well thought out and well written less popular one) you'll be downvoted like crazy and not likely to contribute again.
Hmm, maybe at such low currents the gain is a little lower on that transistor, I would try using something like 1K base resistor in that case (still plenty high that the GPIO won't care).
I was about to think that'd be kinda cool, then I realized the car could just stop you from driving while the charger's plugged in...
Subletter's responsibility* Landlord's responsibility would be like, if Forbe's ISP or hosting company were injecting garbage
But then if they know you're gone while your car is still there, they can steal your car AND rob your house at the SAME TIME!
How was I being insultingly snarky?
Does your PIC18 have an oscillator connected?
Idk man, when I can pop in an x86 knoppix CD, hold down C while it starts and like magic the thing boots up.... I'd say it's a PC. Hell, they emulate PC BIOS better than some UEFI non-mac systems.
Ding, and here's the simple solution. Stop letting individual ad buyers include code or flash content!
Which port/bit corresponds to the lamp in question? Also, is there an example assembly program for the board you're using (I'm assuming you're using a dev board) available?
What voltage do you measure across the motor when it's running like that? What voltage across the emitter-collector of the transistor?
I could see some corner cases where optimizing space at all costs could be beneficial. Like, maybe gentoo on an SD card in a phone. For just about everything else, I'd say you're absolutely right.
Yeah sounds like a kinda sucky situation.
One option, rewind it as it was to make a working 6V solenoid, measure resistance, put same value resistance in series (with enough wattage rating to handle the heat). Or else use a small buck converter to generate 6.9V output or so (make sure it can handle the amperage). Many other approaches are at some level just guessing. (edit: /u/Bradm77 's explanation looks good to me but the solution leads to using thinner wire... not sure what if any effect that would have on reliability)
A NiMH rechargeable 9V battery will be able to put out more current than an alkaline. NiCD is capable of even a little bit more but lower capacity. Also, when the transistor is on, the voltage across emitter/collector should be about .3V. If it's more, it means the transistor isn't fully activated. (If it's off, it should be holding back all the battery voltage and you'll see that across the E-C). Transistor heat is calculated from the current going through it multiplied with the voltage drop across it, and this is actually the same for any component that isn't storing/releasing energy.
getting hot is normal up to a point with BJTs. basically .3 * amps is how many watts of heat they'll give out. It works out that a typical to-220 package can handle a watt of heat continuously before it overheats (it will be very hot though). above that you need a heatsink. to-92 is good to a quarter watt or so. If you're getting more heat than about .3*amps (or whatever datasheet says), something else is going on, probably not activating transistor fully. make sure your ground wire between pi and transistor isn't carrying your load current or it could have a voltage drop over the wire screwing up the control current. mosfets perform much better and its reasonable to do 10 amps through a part without it getting warm, if its a decent mosfet.
GCC needed some memory management tricks on a 1GB RAM phone but it did work fine rebuilding world plus firefox
NiMH 9V's might handle, say, 300-500mA alright but you won't have a lot of runtime compared to lithium ion. How much current does your motor pull?
Measure the current with a multimeter, the numbers are your friend on this stuff ;) The item description says nothing about current consumption. Some of the quadcopter motors can use a lot more power than you'd think.
You need to put the meter in amp mode, usually move the red lead to the amp hole, then put the meter in series with the motor and power supply. The meter acts like a wire that measures the current (it usually loses a little voltage but not enough to care for something like this). If your meter has multiple amp modes, try higher ones first to make sure you're not going to blow the lower mode's fuse.
I've had good luck with the small ~$2 buck converters but those are only good to a couple amps. I think they're just so crazy simple that there's just not enough parts on it for something to break or be designed wrong (at least in the statistical likelihood way). The one in the ebay link in the OP looks a bit more complicated and I could see a little more potential for problems.
Suggest pastebin'ing your dmesg output, maybe there's something else in there. Also, what's the PCI ID on your wireless controller?
By your logic, it's not reasonable to buy a modern IC. All technology should be made using 70's through perhaps early 90's components that are possible to verify. I don't totally disagree with you for certain applications, but I think there may be better mitigation strategies possible when chips can't be totally trusted. For instance, you don't need to trust storage devices when the only data that they ever see is encrypted properly. I have a stockpile of some 80's equipment though, so if this shit ever does hit that particular fan, I might make some money.
And if you're doing cycle-accurate real-time, make sure your debugger doesn't interrupt code execution (looking at you, Microchip, with your MCU side software-based debugging)...
As far as I know, car alternators don't use permanent magnets. Probably not small enough for your application, but maybe some motorcycle alternators would be appropriate.
I'd say try to find a motorcycle alternator that doesn't.
If for some reason you want to use a PIC though (eg, you want to buy the same chip a few years from now... that can be a compelling reason), PIC18 is kinda at a sweet spot for having the features that make it start to be reasonable, and enough simplicity that everything's still in one datasheet. A big datasheet maybe, but still.
Well, I guess it isn't a war crime if you're a civilian...
Hmm, that is a good point. For the stuff I want to do, the only thing I'm really wishing PIC18 had was a PWM peripheral that supports pulse shaping. I wonder if the higher PICs have that sort of thing?
So, normal PWM is just a plain square wave with variable frequency/duty cycle. I want to add a shorter pulse before and after the "main" pulse. The intention is to make driving an LC load more controllable. _________|`````````|___________|``````` vs... ______|`|_|```````|_|`|______|`|_|````` ... So if you imagine a half H bridge driver with an LC filter right after it... the 2nd way lets you significantly reduce oscillation on the LC circuit if you have it set up properly. The pre-pulse provides just enough energy to get the capacitor voltage to the top, and once it gets there, the output turns back on to hold it there. Same deal for switching to low output. The fancier you get with the shaping the smaller filter components you need (if you can tolerate the switching losses), but just this "first order" shaping is a big win.
The question was about preventing updates inside Windows 10, not preventing the upgrade to Windows 10. Personally I think the fact that this question even had to be asked is itself the real answer.
Well, any time you have a power supply capable of providing more than a few watts total without shutting down, there is an inherent fire risk in the right sort of scenarios. But I see what you're getting at and would tend to agree. Having a ground overall helps the situation a decent amount. To me, the bigger issue is electrocution potential, and if it's not plugged in a GFCI outlet, this could be serious.
There's 2 issues, first "matching" the capacitors can be difficult, depending on the type of capacitor. Capacitances may naturally differ by 50% or more on some types. The other issue, is about what happens if, say, one capacitor has leakage. It will unbalance the voltage and the non-leaky capacitors will end up taking all the voltage. You can sometimes compensate for that by manually balancing their leakiness by adding resistors across the less leaky ones, or by making them all (nearly) equally very leaky without even checking their initial leakage. The next level up is something like a zener diode or active circuitry across each capacitor to cause some drain if it overcharges.
I suspect they would be workable, but you may be getting into the range where you want to add a little cooling to make sure they work reliably (stick them in the PSU vent intake area with some ducting, should be sufficient). Depending on the efficiency they achieve in that scenario (their test figure of 94% is in pretty specific circumstances), you may be getting a bit close to 10 amps at input, so I would think about using a 12A fuse or something like that. I would probably look at using a 1200W or so power supply just to make sure there's enough headroom and you're not running it to the max (though if it's a good brand/product maybe you could do a bit less, like, I wouldn't feel bad at running a 1000W corsair PSU at 900W if that's what it turns out to be after you count conversion losses...). Just beware different manufacturers rate things differently.
It would need like 9 PWMs then though, or at least 6 if I redesigned the electronics to use + and - rails instead of just + and 0 (single phase motor controller where right now it also drives the neutral line in addition to the main and aux coil)
This is good advice for older PSUs that may be laying around gathering dust for years, but many of the high wattage modern power supplies make a single huge 12V rail that can handle the entire rating of the power supply, and then use smaller DC-DC converters to derive 5 and 3.3V from that. The reason is that most of the high current consumers in a modern computer (CPU, GPU, fans, HD motors) all run from 12V, and especially in cases where you get to high wattage, you're at that point because of the 12V loads. If you find yourself in a situation where it matters, there's no substitute for researching how that particular model is engineered. Certain parts of this can be checked pretty trivially via inspection: If you see all of the 12V wires globbed together with a big fat trace where the wires connect onto the PSU board, it can't be separate rails. But if there's multiple groups of wires connected together only with their group on the board, then you might need to be concerned about how much load you put on each group.
If he's looking at 800W of load, that probably means a 1000W PSU, and I think most of them will be using a different strategy than multiple secondaries on a transformer to derive the various outputs... but you never know. There's weird stuff everywhere in electronics...
I love the "just slowly turn the voltage up around this time..." last ditch workaround!
It's not the paste, it's actually in the metal. You can see it extend beyond the edge of the paste.
I assume it's an artifact of how the aluminum was molded, but I can't really say for sure. Perhaps there were 6 fill nozzles or something along those lines [no pun intended]. \*shrug\*
Thanks, I've been curious about some similar lines that I've seen on heatsinks too!
Since SMM (system management mode) and similar supervisory processors have been a thing, there is really nothing keeping the system firmware out of the OS, even while it's running. It is like trying to keep the baseband away from the application processor on a cell phone... it's just not possible to do in most cases (disable internal cellular and use a USB dongle is the only way).
I would think the ratio of effectiveness to elaborateness would make for the best hack
edlin is probably *the* crappiest text editor ever devised. It was just barely better than copying con to an output file...
Those green ones have saved me so many headaches it's unreal. The only thing that kinda sucks with them, is if you do projects on perfboard, you have to drill the holes out for them to fit. But once you find the right drill size, the legs will fit snugly enough to hold themselves in for soldering, and drilling goes quick because it's only taking off a slight amount of material. Screw terminals to attach the wires in, plenty of room on the connector to stick a label maker label on (I recommend putting it on the attached-to-board piece), and just pull the connector off if you need to swap a board without dealing with the screw terminals. You can run a good amount of amps through them, and the mating design seems engineered to help keep dirt out of the plug contacts. Sometimes the retention tabs break if the plastic is cheap but honestly it doesn't really need them unless there's vibration or other factors at play.
How does that saying go again, you miss 100% of the drama you never solicit?
Even that current estimation may be inadequate, the peak current will be used under high load where the motor is just barely able to turn, and that's what the power supply would need to meet to get the same performance.
&gt; I reckoned that a mains-derived power supply that could meet the stall current capability of a battery wouldn't justify the cost This is the problem attempting to do conversions like this. NiCd batteries are incredibly powerful.
&gt; Newer versions of windows don't really offer any great advantage in security vs Windows XP that you can't get by running as a non-privileged user and using "Run As" for things that require administrative privilege. All it takes is one unpatched local privilege escalation exploit and all malware that cares to can run as admin anyway. Besides that, most people have enough important stuff accessible to their user account that I think the focus should be more on never running malware in the first place, and yeah this does come back to being able to get up to date web browsers and things like that. This is what will kill XP for general internet-enabled use.
It's hard enough to get continued availability at the chip level (you could do this for a microcontroller+ethernet though, but it's hard to get something that can run linux), but continued availability at board level is just wishful thinking. /u/bnf2 and /u/krista_ are right with their suggestions; once you run an OS like linux, treat that (or some other higher layer) as your platform instead of the board itself. Edit: There's a suggestion in this thread of a company that offers ARM boards that states they won't discontinue any product (at least by their own will) while there are customers that buy &gt;100 boards a year, and also if a component is nearing discontinuation, they will warn you and allow you to pre-purchase as many of that component as you think you might need.
If you're worried about squeezing the very most out of a power diode situation, you should check out [active rectification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_rectification)
Could you define some pattern in the decay events that aren't caused by another particle hitting them?
A bit unrelated to your question but are you sure an mp3 player will reproduce the actual audio you intend to transmit? I know there can be some issues when you look at things like phase correctness, etc. An uncompressed format is best, or possibly vorbis might work better than mp3. For the battery part, you can just charge up a few of those batteries (first!) then wire them in parallel and maybe put a diode in series with the mp3 player if the voltage is too high. Fully charged they should be around 7V, which is probably okay but maybe a little higher than 4xAA... unless they really cheaped out on their circuit design it should be fine without a diode.
If it's a single tone I think you'll be fine no matter what method you choose, it can get weird beyond that point though.
Maybe you would get okay results just by attaching coax to the antenna input on the opener (center wire to antenna, outer shield to ground), run the full coax out to the edge of your house, and strip off the outer conductor there for a few feet. I don't think you need a better antenna, I think you just need it not blocked by the door.
&gt; The vast majority of our products are still in production 10 to 12 years after initial release and we have never discontinued a product while existing customers were using it. Pretty good. Note that "while existing customers were using it" probably applies to those that purchase in qty greater than 100 per year.
Yeah I'd aim for quarter wave, I don't know if you really need a ground plane. For me it would be a kinda "try it and see" thing because it's easy to do. If results aren't good, then worry about more.
And here's the worst part. It's not that we're refusing to lose privacy and security; we lost that the moment we loaded their page. What we're refusing is allowing our web browser to *further* lose privacy and security by communicating with some third party web server that not only do we have no idea what they're doing with our connection, *the original site doesn't know either*. There's no reason they couldn't run a server side ad rotator on the original site, and at least they would have a chance of doing it in a secure way. Unfortunately by that point, it's a "maybe secure &amp; private" but much more difficult to block system.
Yep, as sad as it sounds, you can expect a 12VAC transformer to put out as much as 30V peak voltage at no load, depending how they engineered it. I was pretty surprised to find that a 25V buffer capacitor was inadequate after rectification for one transformer I used. This was, however, on a very low power (a couple watts) transformer. They probably figured it would always be loaded down some amount to make it have reasonable output.
Twist: Documentation gets lost
And oil likes to do weird things, like wick over plastic insulation and just generally get everywhere you don't want it.
It's also been cured in the normal sense of the word (cure implies you don't need further treatment) - but the method is bone marrow transplant from someone that's naturally immune and statistically that treatment is more deadly than taking pills every day for the HIV.
Does this tend to help or hurt reliability wrt shorts between windings? On the one hand, flat side, large contact area, lots of insulation keeping the metal apart... on the other side, a sharper corner that could do something weird?
Where does ${CUPS_COMMON_DEP} come from? Your logic says you can also not build it without X or ALSA, and I'm pretty sure neither of those are the case.
At least traditionally, yes - [see some stuff wikipedia says about it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hematopoietic_stem_cell_transplantation#Myeloablative) - but in the next section they describe a technique that doesn't need to destroy all of the original bone marrow but I suppose if it were used for treatment of HIV, you would want to get rid of all of the original stuff you can, as it would be producing reservoirs for the virus.
Maybe he had all of geocities
... And ultimately it was ruled that bypassing these licensing systems is legal, even if you have to infringe copyright (as on the GameBoy) to do it. Technology has advanced though, and the law doesn't require a manufacturer to assist you bypassing the licensing, which would be needed to bypass a correctly engineered code signing system.
I reverse engineered Casio's Algebra FX series calculators, I guess luckily for me there was no protection mechanism. It was a weird machine, NEC V30MX (80186 plus NEC instructions) CPU at 8MHz, 256KB RAM, 4MB ROM (or flash on later models), 1MB data flash, ran Datalight's ROM-DOS (yes, a calculator that runs DOS natively) with Saltire's math software on top. They used some execute-from-ROM software conversions so that the code could run straight from ROM or flash, allowing it to work with a small (around 50KB) amount of RAM available to the actual programs, and leaving the majority of RAM available for battery backed data storage. Anyway, back to the topic, we were never able to get any kind of acknowledgement from Casio, but we did get some cooperation from Datalight.
Surprisingly there's a lot of good stuff in there that is hard to find now. What comes to mind for me is programs for the Casio Algebra FX series calculators... when we broke that thing open to native development, it seemed like everybody had a geocities or similar that they put their programs and documentation on.
If you're getting beyond the middle 32K of values, then it seems to be getting the full range. I mean, there would have to be something silly happening like only getting even numbers, but it shouldn't have a way to know to do that. If it's really operating differentially though, I don't understand how you're getting the full range with only one input moving.
Do they have a note in the documentation that differential signals should only cover half of the reference range? That would be the only thing that makes sense to me that you'd be getting sensible results single ended...
Half of the range is 2^15 isn't it?
That's why it's only got a low impedance connection at one end, at the same grounding point the signal source uses (edit: to clarify, that ground has to pick up the same ground bounce that the signal does)
Ahh, I stand corrected!
Digikey has one of the nicest search engines, but sometimes if you're really looking to save the last cents, octopart.com can be worth a try as it's a sort of comparison shopper for a bunch of the other sites. I'd say it's more for the situation when you already know the exact part you're looking for.
You probably don't want to do this the hard way. I think what would give you the best results is trying to find one of the USB video ICs already intended for this exact purpose, or, honestly, just get one of the pre-made products that does that. They're dirt cheap. This is one of those questions where, if you have to ask, you're probably not ready for it. However, if you want to just learn about some of the nuts and bolts of USB, check out the V-USB software for AVR microcontrollers - it's a software bitbanged USB 1.1 low speed implementation which can be used to create things like mice, keyboards, joysticks, and similar things, without requiring any specific USB support to be inside the microcontroller. It's all done in software, which has some downsides and restrictions, but you can see *all* the details.
Here's a marketing sheet for one: http://www.conexant.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/pb_CX23102.pdf But, I don't know how expensive that one is or where to get it. But that's the kind of thing I was referring to. Here's another one that looks like a more technical datasheet for a different IC (I'm not sure it includes all necessary details though): http://www.sumzi.com/upload/files/2007/07/2007071217482974557.PDF - it also appears to be a less integrated solution, requiring an AC97 codec for audio capture, and perhaps some kind of video processing circuitry as well.
You could take the limit as a point trends to infinity, but in the end it's just an expensive mathematical complication around an issue that doesn't require it. You can always make things more difficult if you try, but the only situation I think it would make sense to do this in is if you had some kind of physics processor that wanted to think of everything in terms of a rotation because that's how the hardware was built.
There's only one logical explanation. Beyonce clone army.
This isn't a good way to do it. I would recommend identifying the type of AC cord it is and ordering one from ebay or similar to replace it, assuming the cable is interchangeable. It'll cost you like 3$. If you post a picture of the plug that goes into the AC adapter box, someone here will be able to point you in the right direction [Edit: also what country you're in, as the wall plugs differ]. There is probably a low risk of electrical fire (but if it just barely connected it could conceivably be the right resistance to start heating up and melt the wire), but there's a medium electrocution risk (depending how well you taped it up), and a high risk of the thing just not making a connection and your laptop draining down and dying, disrupting whatever you were working on. To actually repair a cord like that the right way is about a 15 minute procedure with heat shrink tube and soldering and careful wire manipulations. It's not something I would do unless it were a permanently attached cord and there was no other reasonable way to fix the problem, because even with a "proper" repair, the cord is still screwy and has a weak point where the insulation maybe isn't as good, it's probably more vulnerable to bend damage at the repair, and the outside isn't smooth so it could get caught if you pull it past a corner, etc. An aside, electrical tape is one of the most disgusting things to work with once you get past a few months later and the adhesive starts breaking down and getting gooey and nasty. It's really just an emergency bandaid for stuff like this.
Ultimately it comes down not to a general design rule (the general rule is decouple everything because why not?), but rather to the nuts and bolts of what's actually happening electrically. There are cases where you might not need to decouple everything (or you could share decoupling between components), but you need to be looking at what kind of current spikes each component can pull, if that can happen simultaneously, and then what kind of voltage swings can be tolerated before stuff starts to not work properly. If you don't care about a 1 in 10,000 freak occurrence where 3 things happen simultaneously and it glitches out, you could just "try it and see" - but beware that you're leaving the door cracked open to problems that way, and it's quite likely you're eating into voltage rail margins and would have trouble at an earlier point if a voltage started to go out of spec. There are places where you could pretty easily say it's safe to share decoupling. Let's say you have a memory bus divided into 2 banks, where only one bank can ever be accessed at a time. If you had a way to pair the chips up between banks for power purposes, you could probably share decoupling between them, as long as it was still physically close enough to each chip.
I imagine it's about as cool as spending your whole phone-using part of your life in a sort of automated-support-line hell... but it must solidly outdo the alternative of not having it!
You didn't mention my favorite, double density :(
If there was no resistor between the capacitor and the output, in theory, an infinite frequency would provide an infinite attenuation (though not in reality due to parasitics, etc). But with that resistor, the attenuation is strictly limited to a maximum.
&gt; safety pins ... sometimes stabbed you. It's like, you had one job, pin!
Or, you know, replies on reddit are allowed to be pretty big, you could actually describe wtf it is you do and then we won't have to guess? Is it, "we make these bracelets" or "we make these bracelets and also contribute to x group" or "we make these bracelets and take the proceeds to actually do y task that directly helps the turtles"... etc. Comments of happy customers? Yeah, okay. Because imagine the average person, then realize about half are dumber than that.
Yeah, and that emulator wasn't even that well optimized. I've gotten over 220KHz instruction rate (compared to their 10KHz) on a made-up emulated architecture on an 8 bit PIC18 chip of similar capability. Granted it's only a 16 bit virtual arch compared to 32 bit ARM and running from internal memory instead of external SIMM (and also the architecture was designed around what was easy to do when emulating on PIC18). But that said, mine also runs with some internal handicaps of having each instruction take the exact same amount of time to execute, and it is doing some very simple memory write protection also. Writing that thing was interesting, to say the least. I found myself reorganizing significant parts of it to save a cycle here or there, and came up with some really dirty tricks in the process. I did mine with hand coded assembly. So yeah, there's no way 10KHz is the best that can be done in that kind of scenario. I'd be surprised if 50KHz wasn't doable emulating ARM.
They did it emulating ARMv5TE architecture on 8 bit AVR. AVR actually isn't a terrible architecture but it's a far cry from ARM, and it's missing things linux would need like a large address space, MMU, etc. I can't speak to how they emulated it internally in their project as I haven't investigated the source code, but I know they used C to write it in. I would expect to find a lot of switch statements based on parts of the instruction opcodes. The way my project worked, is I organized opcode fields into 4 bit fields which branch into one of 16 different spots in the emulator. There's a dirty trick in PIC18 where you can take an opcode byte, multiply it by 16, and then use the low result byte as calculated jump, or nibble swap the high byte (in the same step that loads it to the working register) and do the same sort of 16 way jump. So my emulation works out to doing 1 of 16 things, between 3 and 6 times in a row (though the sets of things differs between steps). I totally avoid having tables of jump offsets [by this, I mean a table full of addresses where the code reads an address out of the table and then jumps to that address] and things like that. The downside is that each "phrase" of code is only 8 PIC instructions long at maximum, because PIC instructions are 2 bytes and I was stuck with 16 byte long sections without adding more instructions to make the spacing farther apart in the calculated jump. If I needed more than 8 instructions, I needed to find an unused area in a table and jump to that to finish up. So the quick run-thru of emulation of one instruction looks like this: First, the instruction is fetched, either from RAM or flash memory depending on address. After that, operand A and operand B are evaluated, even if they're not actually used (these both use the fancy 16 way branching). The selectors for those operands comprise one of the instruction bytes. The other byte contains an operation code, and a suboperation code. The operation is executed (this uses another 16 way branch) - and for a simple arithmetic, this actually performs an addition or subtraction or multiply or logic operation between virtual registers. For those kind of operations, the suboperation is responsible for storing the result back to a register (it picks which register), or pushing a byte or word result to the stack is also a valid destination. If a stack destination is used, there's another 16 way branch performed to check if that memory page (there are 16 of them) is allowed to be written. So you can see I used that trick a LOT. It makes the interpreter compact due to code reuse (ie, operation is always the same code no matter which suboperation you pick after it and is only present in the emulator once) and very performant because you're not looking up jump offsets and playing a lot of games to figure out what code needs to run next. The most complicated instructions follow this kind of execution chain: Instruction fetch, Operand A and B lookup (2 phrases executed), operation (atomic RMW operation class, where the "operation" code just helps set up a memory address, this is the third phrase executed), then a memory protection test is run to make sure the selected address is writable (fourth phrase), then the atomic RMW sub-operation is run (fifth phrase), and one of the atomic RMW sub-ops only uses one of the operands... the unused one is used to branch into *yet another* phrase table which executes one final instruction that actually does the intended operation, then a final return out of emulation. Somehow all that nonsense actually fits in 68 PIC instruction cycles, 4 of which are the initial call instruction into emulation, and the return from it.
Shift instead of a, space instead of n, and the good ol' marketing "eh, well, they'll get the idea even if it's not really that accurate"
If the filament inside looks correct (same style and thickness) it should be good. I'm not incredibly familiar with fuse markings, but the two main things to worry about are the amperage rating, and the filament construction style, which mostly will influence how much heat the filament can absorb before it gets hot enough to pop. That's what gets you the difference between fast blow and slow blow fuses. Using a fast blow fuse in place of a slow blow isn't dangerous but will likely result in the fuse popping from inrush current or other brief large currents, but using a slow blow in place of a fast blow fuse may fail to protect the circuitry if it depends on that. Another thing to keep in mind is that during troubleshooting, especially on amplifiers, you may elect to replace the fuse with a vaguely appropriate lightbulb (on a 400W unit with +/-80V rails, we used two 200W 120V bulbs in place of 6A fuses to test in place of the blown fuses on the +80 and -80V rails; 60W/120V was just barely inadequate and lost a lot of voltage during idle operation) and make sure it doesn't light up as soon as you power it on. If it lights up brightly, it's ready to pop the first fuse you put in. That strategy becomes more important when it's an intermittent problem... you can wiggle things around and see if a bulb lights instead of wiggling something around and the fuse pops... and then you replace the fuse 6 more times as you try to narrow down what happened.
Ah yes, mcmaster, where your wallet will get more of a workout than your mouse as you shop for hardware... Their site is pretty well designed and the selection is good, but damn, some of the prices are nuts.
"What the hell is a noose tart?"
Conspicuously absent, they never mention what resolution the internal screen operates at, only that the VGA port goes up to 1024x768...
I bet it would help a little as overall, it's a vaguely similar process... basically rubbing solder over the pins... if you end up with too much it gives you a spot to brush it off on.
Magnificent. In case you didn't see it, &gt;&gt; /u/ANUSTART942
0.4A is within the USB spec but only if the device talks to the controller first to authorize it. Without that its allowed for the controller to shut it off.
My favorite on there is his inverter "reconstruction" which came about as part of the hydroelectric project. Not many people that will get a power inverter that *barely* works, and proceed to fix all the engineering/construction faults until it's at least decent.
My main thought on this: The "no code space" excuse is bullshit. If anything can be learned from [superoptimization](http://www.bhk.com/tm/) projects, it's that there is *always* a way to squeeze a little more space out of something. Well, until there isn't anymore, but you have to try *really damn hard* to get to that point. Even if their original toolchain is toast and they couldn't even recompile the codebase if they wanted to, the way forward from that is paying someone to dig in the assembly code (if the researchers didn't already do this and provide it) and make a manual patch on the problematic function. The idea that you can't scrape out a handful more bytes to shoehorn a patch in is nonsense. I think what's really happening here is they're just lazy, or whoever worked on this project is no longer able to work on it to provide the fix. On the other hand, if they lost their signing key, you'd think that would be the end of it. Except you could use the exploit to introduce the patch and rewrite the public key in the firmware...
Usually if a string type material is added, it's to give strength against stretching, which would otherwise tend to break small wires like that.
ESD damage: Highly unlikely. [Edit: But perhaps more possible than I initially guessed; I would still bet against it though] Additional physical damage beyond the obvious that you've already seen: Likely.
A half adder adds two single digit binary numbers and gives you a two digit binary number as a result (because it takes two digits to hold a "2"). The reason it's called a half adder is because it's missing something you need in order to chain them together to build an adder for multiple digit binary numbers - you need a carry input. So a full adder lets you add 3 binary numbers; one digit from operand A, one digit from operand B, and the carry output from the less significant bit (the previous adder in the chain). You still only need 2 outputs because a 2 digit result is sufficient to hold a "3". The less significant output digit is the result bit, and the more significant one is the carry out that would go to the higher order bits if you chained another adder that direction.
Not a direct answer to your question, but something I found helpful is trying to work out analogies for how different things operate. Sometimes water pressure/flow analogies work, I like to use spring analogies for pull-up/pull-down resistors or resistive dividers. But I think the trick is finding a way to usefully conceptualize things beyond "current flows here, voltage does this..." etc, because most of us are just not built to solve systems of equations in our heads. Understanding how to do that can also be important, don't get me wrong, but building a good intuitive sense around things will make it much easier to find direction and figure out what you're trying to do... you can bust out the exact calculations after that.
The pure electron flow level gets really weird as you add in the effects that get you close to what physics really does. Even just thinking of a battery is a little strange. So you could think of the negative terminal as having an equal number of electrons and protons in its metal surface. The positive terminal would have slightly fewer electrons compared to protons at the edge of the metal. It's easy to understand that those protons want to pull more electrons toward them and they're happy to grab them from the negative terminal if there's a way to do it. Where it gets weird is imagining that same battery having more electrons than protons on both terminals, just a slightly less imbalance on the positive terminal. This situation is 100% equally valid - what it's telling you is that the battery has a negative static charge, and it has no impact on what would happen if there were a light bulb across the terminals. Normally we don't even give consideration to that sort of thing, but in the real physics of it, that's how it is. I think you have to pick your battles to get a good balance between accuracy and usefulness.
The trick to making this work well is picking a mosfet that is adequately activated by the voltage the microcontroller spits out. "Logic level" is a marketing phrase for mosfets that don't need a crap ton of gate voltage to pass a lot of current. Finding stuff that works at 5V is pretty easy, 3.3V is a little more difficult, and below that you might find yourself making extra circuitry just to drive the thing from a higher voltage. The main thing to look for in a datasheet is a graph that shows, for different gate voltages, how much voltage the mosfet loses at different currents. You want it to lose little voltage (which means little heat generated) at the current of interest, at a gate voltage below what you plan to use. The other main thing to look at is the max voltage the mosfet can hold back when it's turned off (beyond that limit it will conduct anyway and the mosfet will probably be very unhappy). But at 3V load I have a hard time imagining many parts that won't get along with that voltage.
I say, try it and let us know. It has aspects going for and against it. I would say if you used coax instead of twisted pair you would have good chances, but even twisted pair has a slight chance. Susan_B_Good has good points here, but I bet if even a little bit of the signal was coupled into the twisted pair, it would make it to the other end way better than the normal "radiate everywhere" antenna deal.
0.7% of the signal would be easily decoded at the end (I think the difference of 10 feet vs 200ft would need less than 0.7% of the original signal)... So coax would probably work, I guess the question is how bad the twisted pair would be.
I think they're worried about pin to pin leakage over the insulation, maybe that's why they want teflon. From [here](http://www.techlib.com/reference/insulation.html): &gt; TFE (TEFLON): Teflon is an excellent high temperature insulation with superb electrical properties. Teflon tubing and wire insulation comes in a variety of colors and typically feels slippery. The insulation is impervious to the heat and chemicals normally encountered in electronics manufacturing but the material will "cold flow" so Teflon insulation is avoided where sharp corners or points are encountered. Laminated TFE circuit boards take advantage of Teflon's excellent microwave characteristics. Teflon emits a dangerous gas when exposed to extreme heat. White Teflon terminals are commonly used where extremely good insulation is required. The slick surface repels water so the insulation properties are fantastic even in high humidity. **High quality I.C. sockets are made from Teflon to reduce leakage currents.** Teflon and Teflon composite tapes with adhesive are available. FEP is a lower temperature Teflon.
Hmm, I wonder if WINE does anything with them?
I believe there is nothing strong enough to hold vacuum that isn't heavier in total than the equivalent volume of air.
It may be more a question of shielding too. But yeah I think this could probably be worked around effectively one way or another.
It does add a danger you have to be aware of, it pretty much turns the scope into part of the circuit and you should power off before you go doing anything that might put something (finger, wire, etc) in contact with metal on the scope. It's pretty safe to use front panel buttons if there's no metal nearby them though. If I only need to make one measurement, I'll use both probes in math mode though. There have been times I needed to disconnect the scope ground to make a reading, and I'd rather be a little more careful for 5 minutes than spend a bunch of money on fancy probes.
Dunno why this was downvoted but it's accurate to what I've seen in real life. I've unwrapped some awful crap off bare motherboards and didn't have problems. I wouldn't suggest it for something mission critical like a part intended for life support or use in a satellite, but for general crap that could be replaced without severe consequences if it fails later, I wouldn't worry a lot.
Maybe you could fire the thing up with light bulbs in place of fuses and no load on the motor, and accelerate it slowly. I think once you see it operate once it should be okay. My worry would be something goes horribly wrong in the control side and turns both ends of a half H bridge on and shorts the stuff out.
I probably wouldn't do it with anything scarier than 230V but yeah sweaty fingers could be an issue if there is metal right behind the buttons.
Why would you want to go out and eat what you would have eaten otherwise? Just saying...
/u/odokemono offers some good hints here. It is also possible to do this, using only a bare microcontroller pin. You connect the microcontroller ground with the camera ground (the pin that's not at 5V), and the uC pin to the camera input signal line. To not activate the input, leave the pin in tristate mode (input mode) on the microcontroller. To activate the input, output a low signal on the microcontroller pin. The advantage of using a transistor instead of the bare uC pin is that it adds a little more ruggedness against static electricity and things like that.
You set the pin to the active state, delay some time in the microcontroller (using one of a few possible methods), and then set it back to the inactive state. Maybe you're wanting to find out how to create a delay, this is something that can be googled for almost any programming environment.
1. Holding a temperature doesn't imply much of anything about efficiency; we have very efficient insulation materials to keep something hot. 2. Catalysts aren't consumed in the reaction (though perhaps they are degraded through a side reaction or physically lost at some rate into the output); how precious it is matters only in relation to how long it lasts in the system. 3. Fair enough, I would tend to agree with that, but wanting liquid fuel is kind of the assumption being worked with here. 4. Again, depending on the actual energy input &amp; energy lost when comparing input and output material, not a temperature hold time or catalyst, it could be incredibly efficient. I'm not sure we have the right info to know though.
I don't think it is legitimate as presented. There is no way two small tantalum capacitors could keep the thing spinning that long. It also accelerates from a near stop under its own power. There is definitely deception somewhere in this.
I don't think 680uF comes close to pulling that off, I mean in vacuum maybe, but there's going to be air drag the whole time it's spinning, and plus you have resistive losses in the coils to worry about...
If you can find them on ebay (you may need to search for general backlight strips and visually compare to see if they're the same), that's the best bet. The next best way is either replacing the failed ones, or shorting over them to keep the rest of the strip lit, and deal with the resulting uneven backlight. Sometimes this can be a good option if it's like an LED that would have been in the corner, or could be moved there (for straight strip style ones with several strips). This "right-to-repair" stuff would have (*maybe*) been a good thing for being able to fix crap like this.
&gt; Could you explain why the op amp's output voltage will be at least 3 volts lower than the supply voltage? If I configure the op amp for unity gain, will its output voltage not be the same as the input voltage? Supply voltage, not input signal. What fatangaboo was alluding to was the "overhead" voltage that the opamp needs around its output voltage - it needs the power supply to be beyond its output voltage range by x amount of volts. Some opamps also have this sort of restriction where the input terminals need to be kept well within the supply voltage range too. When an op-amp is designed to reduce at least one of those issues, they often market it as "rail-to-rail" but you have to be careful if they're talking about input or output or both, and whether it's only for a negative edge or positive or both... so check datasheets carefully if this is something you're looking at for a project.
If the power supply keeps running, I would expect to see more than 0.9V even if capacitors are bad. Typically what happens if output capacitors go bad is that a lot of ripple shows up (average voltage might be roughly correct but it is bouncing all over the place).
(instructions relating to making a code style post were here)
So wait, you connected the power supplies in parallel to the 24V source, right? You didn't try stacking them in series like the diagram kinda suggests?
Yeah there's no way to dereference it besides using a read/write function, and like you say it doesn't share an address space. Silly setup. (edit: if you saw the 800 duplicate posts of my message, it was throwing HTTP/500 errors, and still wasn't showing the message when I refreshed... thanks reddit!)
Yeah there's no way to dereference it besides using a read/write function, and like you say it doesn't share an address space. Silly setup.
Ran into compatibility issues with the wrong model but correct size sim card on a ringplus line. Strange thing is it worked initially, but when swapping a different line onto the phone, the sim card would lock 15 minutes after power-on, every time. Before, it would lock if the data connection was turned off, but if it had a continual connection it was okay. I was as skeptical as you (believe me, I tried everything to get that f* thing to work again, swapping the line out and back in, waiting longer between swaps, etc) but after getting the right model sim card and swapping the line off and back on everything was fine, and I could use airplane mode without the sim freaking out.
From my sample set, they almost always do the cheese right. Anything else is fair game for fuckery.
&gt; I heard recently that part of the reason kettles are not common in the States is because of mains power. Ours is 220v while theirs is 110v. That means a kettle takes twice as long to boil. Then you just make the heating element half the resistance; problem solved. (Unless you bump up against amperage limits on the breaker, but it's still pretty standard to pull up to 1500W from a US outlet)
If they sell it to you for use on sprint it should come with the correct sim card. If you want to take an iphone from a different network then you'll need to get a separate sprint sim.
It's not just the taste they like, they may benefit health wise by supplementing their diet. If there are suitable mineral outcroppings in nature, you'll find that deer in the area lick them.
I think this is one of the more efficient ways in assembly: clrf IN btfsc portx,pin0 bsf IN,0 btfsc porty,pin1 bsf IN,1 btfsc portz,pin2 bsf IN,2 ... etc... gets you done in 17 instruction cycles. There are more efficient ways if the pins are partially in order though, but this handles anything. This also feels to me like something a compiler would butcher (if you care about speed) if you tried to do it high level by manually copying each pin to a bit in the output variable, unless you explicitly wrote it out as such with a bunch of if statements and explicitly OR'ing the correct value into each spot if the "if" fires. Otherwise, copying a single bit to another bit is probably a 3 instruction procedure: Clear the destination, use a bit test instruction as a conditional, and set the destination if it needs to be set. This would cost 24 cycles for a byte's worth. If you wrote it as a formula like, IN = portx.pin0 + (porty.pin1 &lt;&lt; 1) + (portz.pin2 &lt;&lt; 2) ... you could end up with some really awful code output if they didn't make special efforts to recognize what's happening and they just treated it as a generic evaluation. It might end up using a bit test to put either a 0 or 1 in W, then shifting it left however many times and adding it to the total. That horror show would cost over 50 cycles. Then again, in many (perhaps most) applications, what matters more is that the code is clearly readable to humans and it's understood what's happening. Sometimes all it takes is a one-liner comment to make things clear, but code in the previous paragraph is pretty clear by itself.
And also it wasn't just the FPGA doing everything, it was a full blown computer evaluating the performance of different FPGA runs and supplying the configurations to try.
It's amazing what 5 minutes can do when you know how to direct the conversation.
Someone building a charge pump for a mosfet driver circuit - the voltage limit on a cmos 555 is high enough to be workable and the resulting circuit is efficient enough that you can be feeding it from a fairly high voltage with a linear style current limiting without the limiter needing a large heatsink.
If you output a frequency sweep out of both of them and record into something else, you can compare the response in an audio editor and maybe get some clues from that.
I had found a dos mp3 player on the early interwebs, and managed to get the thing running on a Pentium 75MHz machine. Made a crappy playlist with a batch file. The earliest datestamp I have on an mp3 I downloaded is March 12 of '98, with the somewhat embarassing content of Aqua's Barbie Girl. I have a couple earlier files from a collection I got from a friend, January 27 of 1997 is the oldest with Van Halen - Really Got Me.
It was always interesting to me that Windows XP had the drivers for the rio built into the default installation.
&gt; Three pins for one input. Wasteful, huh? If it gets the job done with fewer components, possibly the opposite! Side note, I think PIC allows configurable polarity on UARTs
If you play with a program like VLC, you don't need the region set on the drive at all.
Yeah I think the way the system was set up was that the drive would do some magic to help get the decryption key, but since the encryption scheme has been broken it's not necessary for programs that don't "play by the rules"!
A bit ineloquently stated, but this can be perfectly applicable in a lot of situations. For a lot of circuit designs, you can say "if X current went through this path, something horrible has happened in Y area", and if that means someone needs to know how to replace parts, they can certainly deal with the "fuse". The main part that I would take issue with is that by principle of least effort, that kind of fuse may result in less effective repairs because crappy techs will just solder a wire over it and call it good if they don't have something "easy" to put in place, and besides, they may not know what value it should have, lending more justification to "well it was just a wire anyway".
Especially if you're not a heathen and you have a drawer full of fully charged eneloops at about $2.50 per AA
Those look like self resetting PTC fuses. Basically how they operate is they have some resistance, and as you pull more current they start to warm up. Around some temperature, the material inside starts to become much more resistive, making the temperature increase further until there is only enough conduction to maintain the high temperature. Probably the batteries are providing enough heatsinking off of the thin leg of the PTC that it won't damage the battery from the heat. Yeah you have to be careful with the non-tabbed cells when soldering. It can be done, but the trick is having the tip hot enough that the soldering time can be short and not a lot of heat gets dumped into the cell. It's also easy to end up with a cold solder joint that just pulls off under any kind of mechanical stress. The other part, is in a construction style like the video used, if you manage to screw up one cell, it can be difficult to remove without taking out half of the whole row, or else you have to cut your bus bar and do a hack job to get the new cell connected in. If you have Li-ion cells with solder tabs on them, those are much safer to solder to directly as the tab reduces heat conduction into the battery.
Well, the best thing I can say there is if those were the exact words, he left it at "I don't think...", which although a lot of people won't pay attention to those kind of qualifiers, they can be very important when you've got knowledge self-aware people exchanging info. Those "I think..."s can really help out by letting you keep something in the back of your mind as only a possibility, and not letting some false info pollute the much more sure information. Back in college I had an ECE professor state unequivocally that intel x86 processors have automatic overflow checking in instructions (like, you add two numbers and the result is too large to fit in the destination), and have had them from the beginning of x86. They don't. The original way to do overflow checking was to put an "into" instruction after a math instruction, which caused an INTerrupt if the Overflow flag was set. Met up with the professor to prove the point, and she agreed with me after checking the architecture book. But it didn't stop her from making me look like an idiot in class, and she never corrected the misinformation later.
Well, if you learn a bit about basic electronics and learn what different parts and components look like, you're probably 90% of the way there. Of course the difficulty is that you're only allowed one mistake, so that 90% needs to be paired with a lot of caution to make up for the 10%. And there's always the chance you'll get something weird and die by mistake, or be targeted specifically and have no chance at all.
If you don't get an answer here, consider taking this issue to IRC - #radeon channel on freenode network. Sometimes you have to hang out a while there until someone knowledgeable pops in but most often you can get an answer eventually. If there really is a driver bug that needs to be fixed, they will be the ones that can fix it. For my 2 cents, make sure you're not missing required firmware, and that you're not accidentally loading something for one driver and something else for the other driver at the same time (kernel modules, etc). Maybe it would help to set up an ssh server so you can remote in from another machine to interact even if the display isn't usable. Check dmesg for anything strange.
Let's compare a capacitor and a battery. A capacitor will store useful charge at any voltage; if you can feed it 1.6V, it will charge up to 1.6V, and that voltage directly relates to the energy inside it. If you could only give it 1.4V, it will still charge up to that point and have a vaguely similar (but less) stored energy. Chemical batteries are a little different. Let's look at say, a NiMH cell - up to around a volt or so, there is very very little energy contained in them. That is to say, it takes only a little charge to get them up to a volt. The bulk of their energy comes in as they cross around the 1.2V area; the voltage will stay in that range through most of the charge. When they start to get full the voltage will increase faster up to 1.5-1.6V. So the moral of the story is that on one of those cells, if you're only feeding it 1V, you really can't charge it effectively. If you've got 1.2V, you'll get partway there but still nowhere close to what 1.4V would get you.
4.8V sounds like either a NiCD or NiMH chemistry - you will probably want 3 solar cells in series, or a boost converter. NiCD can handle over-charge current pretty well, and supplying 4 battery cells with 3 solar cells (~6.5V peak) isn't unreasonable; if cells are charged in an imbalanced way, the overcharged ones will pass overcharge current (generating heat instead of filling up the battery) and allow the undercharged ones to catch up. As long as the solar cells aren't pumping too much current, the batteries will be okay (I'll leave this exact research to you; there are lots of references out on google!) For NiMH, overcharge will eventually damage the batteries. Some small overcharge current is okay, but beyond that, damage will accumulate. Because of this, on simple designs, you tend to either use small enough (current wise) solar cells that the overcharge current can be absorbed more or less safely, or you want to aim your final voltage a little more conservatively. 1.4V/cell (5.6V on a 4.8V pack) is probably a safe compromise that will let you get most of the battery capacity without causing excessive damage. On Li-ion batteries, the difficulties get worse. These batteries can't safely pass over-charge current, so you need to strictly stick to a max voltage (and also minimum voltage!) on each cell, and if cells aren't charged equally, this gets complicated. Very strongly recommended design practice is to monitor the voltage of each cell individually and not allow them to over or under charge. Charging a series string of Li-Ion cells, where the charger only connects to the end cells is generally considered unsafe. You need connections from the charger to spots between each cell for the individual cells to be properly monitored.
True, there are even simpler devices that don't incorporate electronics at all. I guess I'd amend my statement to say that identifying both electronic and mechanical / explosives-specific parts are important.
Use it to charge a supercap (no diode needed), use as firestarter with some kind of appropriate heating element.
It would be interesting to see their testing expanded to a wider temperature range, but it's pretty clear there is a wide safe range for most drives.
Wow, 48 bits is an unusual word length
If the components used on it are small enough, you can (usually) build your own board with the same chips, and run the same arduino code. You're not locked to those exact boards \*. \* unless the manufacturer has preloaded code into the chip that isn't publicly available but is needed for their arduino system to work. Most are not like this, however.
12 megs of ram... you could run '95 on there pretty comfortably! (you could also run nethack in linux and it would run pretty damn well - I did this with an even crappier 486 laptop!)
Maybe years you don't do anything don't count? Or it only updates your trophies when you log in?
It was actually quite an innovation when using the spindle motor as a generator first was figured out back in the 80's\*... it was so easy to damage drives with improper shutdowns before then. If it didn't have a reset switch, you had to know the "power the machine off long enough for the computer to reset, but not long enough for the drive to spin down" trick in case the thing locked up and you couldn't park the drive. \* (maybe late 70's)
&gt; The unpackers have kernel access, which is "maybe not the best idea." Understatement of the year in the field of executable/archive unpacking.
Good transmitter, good receiver, good signal reconstruction at low bitrate, tested in area with low noise floor, all of the above? It would be interesting to know what makes it work that well!
If you can figure out a way to hack ad-hoc mode into the ESP, that could be a viable idea. Without ad-hoc mode it would really, really suck, unless you used multiple radios at each node.
Sweet, I wasn't aware of that progress having been made!
I've even got a library that can do this inside an interpreted VM language I came up with that runs on PIC18 :) (Probably you don't want to learn my assembly language to program with it though!)
If you buy a cheap ZIF socket (they have a locking lever) off ebay, one or two of those may be sufficient to socket all your stuff, with easy component changes, and hassle free accommodation for parts with a bit thicker leads! (just don't accidentally flip the lever or everything goes flying) Edit: Also, as stated elsewhere, the breadboard is already a socket. But if you want to move to perfboard (I recommend it for reliability), this could be a best of both worlds option.
Pump: make sure both intake and return tube are in the liquid to prevent splashing. If you want to speed control it, use a 12V PWM style motor speed controller or a buck converter rated to a bit more than 3A (you could get away with less if you only run it at a low enough current thru the converter) - a resistor will heat up and/or need a big heatsink (but it would work). Fans: Wire in parallel, along with the speed controller or pump. If you want less airflow, you could wire the fans in series with each other with a small capacitor (say, 22uF) between ground and the midpoint connection between the fans to help stabilize the voltage a bit, if they're not happy running without it. By utilizing both these techniques, you could probably get the current draw down to about an amp and a half, which would last quite a while on the car battery.
Fan controller may not be rated for 3A, but you could try it. Worst case it overheats the controller and the controller burns out. I'm not sure how it connects; you would connect the pump to it as if the pump were a fan, if that helps. If it's a 3 wire thing that depends on getting RPM feedback, it may not work properly. Or you could get [one of these](http://www.ebay.com/itm/1pc-New-PWM-DC-6V-12V-24V-28V-3A-Motor-Speed-Control-Switch-Controller-/141516894973?hash=item20f31072fd:g:Z8cAAOSwj0NUmUqn) - it includes connection labels on the bottom of the board.
