The only "supporting evidence" is the fact he isn't voicing Big Boss. It would be cool if him/Snake made a cameo but I don't care
I kind of agree.
RIP old hot Anko.
You're right Raw was on Spike (was thinking TNA) you sure WWE was on Spike when Adams show was on Spike? WWE left Spike in 2005
Got anymore of that Max and Chloe?....
Minato sage mode looks great in both versions imo. A filler of Minato learning sage mode would be great.
Im dreading the feels the anime will make with Naruto saying goodbye to Minato.
Idk why but I can't see those spoilers
Yeah, it's not how he wants to live his life but he's done a hell of a lot more than people expected him to do. Terrible tragic thing to happen but it's great to see his sense of humour and his ambition to run again.
Did he get the hook out?
Naruto
So did Hiruzen fight Oro's arms until he was Edo?
Room for one more on your sunken ship?
Wat? Both are fine.
Nope. Enjoyed every second of Bloodborne.
Love it
Fantastic mix.
People might not like it but I love this plot twist, unless Kishi is trolling
Love the plot twits and Yamato looks old, looks older than Kakashi
I'm sorry but it died with Reach and stayed dead with 343i's poor attempt with 4
That was burnt by the awfulness of Reach,4 and MCC. 5's beta felt like a cod ripoff.
Because they own the ip, they can either kill the ip and never use it(banjo and conker) or support it like with Killer Instinct. If Ono/Capcom went to MS for funding/resources for SFV and there was a profit to be made, I doubt Phil would've refused.
Thanks Sherlock Holmes.
Because he's being salty and a jackass imo. CM Punk did that in bad taste and Ric is being Ric.
Then any medical Jutsu user that used chakra to heal puts their DNA into people? Is Garaa part Granny Chiyo? Naruto's heart filled with Sakura's DNA?
I did before but now it isn't free.
Never understood the JarJar hate
It sucks I'll have to wait for the dub, don't like DBZ in Japanese.
Best thing.
Just watch the documentary "Courtney &amp; Kurt" on Netflix. Great documentary and It made me a believer of the conspiracy.
I believe Minato would've been able to stop them peacefully with or without Itachi and Shisui's Kotoamatsukami. Minato probably would've reversed Tobirama's decision of separating the villages.
Jon would've made a great live play by play.
I wonder about DayZ on Ps4
Classic Square Japan, announcing things that they barely started on.
I believe they said it goes through 699
Would he even see Kushina in the after life? Reaper death seal keeps your soul wherever and Minato was set free unlike Kushina.
You're more than likely right because I just rememberred Minato performed the seal. I mixed him taking part of her chakra for Naruto.
Sorry I got a bit confused for a second lol.
If Activision will allow it. People don't realize publishers need to allow it and I don't see many doing it free(MS paying them), Sony has to pay for games on PSNow and that's why there's a price and not a huge library.
Kakashi will take the Sharingan.
Toriyama will find an excuse for Gohan.
No it isn't......
Yes. Danny is great but I preferred Jon and Arin's chemistry.
Not to make bad games like 4 and MCC?
That's probably the Kakashi costume that I'll use the most.
What? MGSV: GZ, Injustice, First Light, I consider Valiant Heats AAA because of Ubisoft, Oddworld help made the PSOne what it is and imo is a AAA and now Driveclub. Idk how you can say Sony has shown no interest going into Year 2 when there has been "more AAA" than GwG and arguably better Indies on Plus than GwG.
If the publishers give permission for BC. I don't see publishers adding their games to the service without compensation from MS, that's an issue with PSNow.
#MY DICK HURTS!
I never said defeat but Kamui, Tsukuyomi, Izanami, reaper death seal, edo tensei, Sword of Totsuka/Yata mirror, sage of six paths tools could defeat Z warriors imo.
Only 1? They're dragging out the DLC, it should be two this week and the final two next week.
What's on his shoulder?
People in Japan.
Got any source for that?
Pretty much what's happening to my dad. Going on 7 years without getting in trouble and nobody hires him. My dad resorts to stealing because he can't get a job and is now facing 30 days if he can't get a job and pay, which he can't because nobody will hire an excon. His fault for what he did, but I don't fault him and kind of understand why he did what he did. It does suck and especially when you watch someone go through it.
Refresh my memory.
It could be /r/jontron
Or(big or) employers allow more leeway and hire excons.
Right now.
No unless they change their mind.
I wouldn't necessarily call it shit. It's very silly, but good.
It's very silly, but I liked it. Ps: thank you for [this.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-W-I0oq3lq1E/UCbgtKbHP-I/AAAAAAAAAOM/Gb4IpEniWzE/s1600/anime-quality-fail-005.jpg)
This also looks like she was paid to take photos in the chair.
I'm so fucking hyped to have PFM back.
This is so much fun watching a healthy PFM again.
That cant be real. I've never seen one where majority of the photos is the thing they ask you to click.
Christmas DDoS came late.
And that's why Ubisoft blacklisted them.
Make your account primary when PSN is up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_8nQWsZuYI
How? Live also gets DDoS and they made bank from the deal.
Off topic ish: now that Smackdown will be live again, it would be cool if they did the split brands again and had two titles.
Only good thing about it was Lightning.
Super Monkey Ball from Sega pls.
Probably should've said "not much can be done" but your solutions also don't work.
First play through yeah, but they made Roach better after a few patches.
/r/PS3
Not a bad game and its very reminiscent of Twisted Metal, but I don't think it will blow up like RL.
Would CES be a place to announce a new firmware update? I doubt it will happen either way.
It really isn't ending though. Kishi is still allowing the ip to be used and is supervising the new mini part 3, any new novel and if they do more movies.
This has nothing to do with PS4
Colin M said $300 would be the perfect price.
Allegedly. Dude won his court case and shouldn't be linked to it but just the fact his name was on something that his name will always be tarnished.
The plot thickens. If true, Doc shouldn't be a hypocrite or in the HoF either.
It's dumb. If he didnt get fat and hurt and played like KGJ in his 30s then he'd be 100%.
No recaps and will pick up during the war in shippuden. You won't understand the characters and the plot without watching/reading Naruto and Naruto Shippuden. Great anime if you don't mind watching 663 episodes and counting.
Going into buildings is nice, but destroying them doesn't feel like GTA and defeats the purpose of a living world.
That's why they made GTAO
AC world design was fine, but witcher style will be interesting.
If you honestly think Japan won't buy into FF then you're delusional.
/r/games cry about everything.
Steve Kerr when he left.
They won't sell squat in Japan ever and idk if they'll even increase EU sales much.
I wonder if It's a console exclusive or will it be on X1. They were never clear and originally it was just PS4 first and PC later.
I do enjoy this arc, but it's pretty lengthy for one dream. I'd like to see Shikamaru's dream, Lee's, Neji's etc.
That's unfortunate. Survival is what I want. Hopefully DayZ gets it's shit together one day.
He spent time charging, same with Naruto but he uses clones and Kurama.
Shaky job security? There are lay offs, but It's usually from being hired as a contractor and you know you'll be let go after everything is done.
I probably should have read the comments, thanks. Happy that they're thinking of PS4 at the same time.
It's his opinion, but he doesn't have to be blunt about it and tell people that "they're shit". Just because you don't like something doesn't mean it's shit. I don't like the Beatles and recognize their greatness for what they did, but I don't go around calling the band shit.
I wonder if Darvish picked that song or even knows about it.
Ayy lmao
I believe that was to fix them.
Blame Tobirama for the Uchiha stuff.
Yeah, but he also felt guilt for it coming down to that.
That's why ge said "may have been". The good fillers are my head canon.
Yup. It was better explained thanks to filler. The filler that gives better explanation or expands on something that Kishi barely did is a plus.
I assume she never did find the truth.
Yes he would. His character is basically that, but without lust to kill itachi. In canon, seeing Naruto get stronger made Sasuke angry and wanted to get stronger and always disliked the way Fugaku played favorites with Itachi. Only this missing is just the hate for Itachi.
That's probably it. Montage of 2016 games with a logo at the end saying "Let's Play".
The fetch quest actually branch and each had their own story compared to other RPGs. It set a standard to how side quests should be.
I forgot that you can't say anything against Bloodborne in this sub without being downvoted. Bloodborne was good, but Witcher 3 was far better. You can dislike what I said, but remember that It's purely my opinion. I'm not being an ass and saying "witcher 3 was better, suck it nerds" or forcing my opinion and I'm not saying stuff like "most outlets agree because of It's 100+ awards" etc. Downvotes/upvotes mean nothing, but it gets old when It's purely used as a "I don't agree with your OPINION" button.
I wish there was a way so Keemstar can't use the internet again. I believe he is banned from YouTube, but because of some bs loophole he's allowed to do videos because he's employed by someone or something.
People probably are, but it's hard to get excited for a game that probably isn't coming out until next year and we've only seen one small gameplay.
Makers have nothing to do with it. Shu announced that it's coming.
That was when OnlyUseMeBlade ran their channels.......
So you're saying that if Naruto wanted to he could go back to get his TSB?
This guy did.
Yes it does. Him and Hashirama were the strongest ever because of Indra and Asura.
Might be able to get like half a apple, 1 goat and a Canadian penny for him.
CD said that they weren't doing an enhanced edition for Witcher 3 because they wanted to get it right the first time. If it does happen, I hope it doesn't change anything because I wouldn't personally feel right with the normal edition that doesn't change. Edit: graphics upgrade wouldn't bother me, but adding content/expanding stuff in the story etc. would make me sad if owners of the original version didn't get the update. Basically I'd rather not pay $60 again.
Maybe. I believe W2 EE was free for W2 owners.
True, but I'm on PS4(yeah yeah PC &gt; Consoles) so I wonder how they would do it on consoles. Idk if there's certain restrictions and they do have to pay a fee to have the game on the consoles and that could make them want compensation. Maybe idk what I'm talking about, but I hope It's free for original owners.
360 only got the EE and not the original W2.
They did with the help of patches. No need for an EE.
/r/ps4 should just be named /r/bloodborne because you can't say anything against it and It's filled with fanboys.
Because you're downvoted for saying anything like " Bloodborne was good, but I liked ___ more".
Ya boy Colin M will be happy.
They'd all be dead if it was GoT.
It doesn't matter really.
How does Popcap lose their own license?
Not that I'm un happy, but there's not many PS4 related questions we can ask them because they're not devs and I doubt they'll say anything If they have insider info. Basically, wouldn't /r/kindafunny be better?
Not hard to have everyone from here to go to there. Taco master is a mobile game that won't come to ps4. We hear their opinions about VR every Tuesday. Why ask them about their interviews when we can just watch them?
It should be PS4 related like every other AMA here.
They said it would be random. It's probably difficult to make three deals for 3 potential PS+ games that will be voted on compared to a single game with no vote.
Why should it be free? Online servers aren't free for Sony.
This generation shows that consoles are here to stay.
This is the reason why I don't see it happening.
Also announced was cross play between PC and PS4, but no cross play with Xbox. Its unfortunate how MS won't allow cross play. Rocket League won't get cross play, FF14 ARR isnt coming to X1 because MS won't allow cross play etc.
And again Xbox cock blocks cross play for it's own version.
Their VR game is exclusive to Rift though. Would love to know more about the development of Amplitude.
Was announced today that It's going to X1 this spring. X1 isn't getting Cross play. https://twitter.com/DaybreakGames/status/686635498954186752
The article and how Daybreak announced it makes it to be PS4 to PC cross play only. No PS3 or X1.
That doesn't explain your statement of fighting for Mission 51. Again, he could've used resources on it and not on half of the dumb awful story stuff in the final product. The only good story related thing in the game was the Quiet stuff. Edit: you're acting as if he left mid development. He was kept on ad a contractor to finish his game. Edit 2: this is also the same guy who wanted 4 to end with Solid Snake and Otacon to be executed like how Nicola Sacco and Bartolomoe Vanzetti were executed until(thankfully) Konami and his staff members at Kojipro talked him out of it. Kojima hasn't made the best decisions in his games since 4, some people even complain about 4's story.
Trolling? Wut. The money thing is rumoured because his contract was set to get paid a set price and not per sales or whatever and it's said that he acted like he had a blank check and kept spending and that apparently made Konami angry because it didn't affect his pay.
It explains MG2.
Could be a tease, but Shawn likes the attention and this photo could've been from the original game mo-cap. We see no GTAV poster and you don't see Ned Luke or Steven Ogg post these types of photos.
Him seeing indies makes him not enjoy anything.
More time to work on the boob and ass physics.
/r/gameswap or /r/gamesale might be better.
Could Rock Band VR show up on PSVR one day? Apologies if this was asked.
Same with PSN. If you're logged in during a DDoS attack or something, you're fine.
Boos? They'll cheer if HHH wins. I would love 1 more HHH title reign personally.
Before or after taxes?
Sure, but being episodic and digital gives them more time to work on it.
I'll accept it because of Patton Oswalt
Just got the PSN linking email.
Account is now linked.
Some will say SFV, but I disagree because Sony is the reason It's being made.
No It's not.....
One day isn't bad but timed betas are dumb. I guess this is how Xbox players felt when Destiny Alpha was exclusive and the beta came out on PS4 before X1. Karma is a bitch.
He's employed by Microsoft and I didn't know he made the app. There's a slim to none chance that the app will be on ps4. I also forgot that X1 kind of allows user created apps.
That's good. I'm looking forward to the AMA.
Why? All everyone would ask what happened between him and Konami. He gets enough of that on Twitter. He's either professional and won't talk about it or he legally can't.
He really wants that game. Can you blame him?
Or pull out.
PSNow was always meant for PS3 games and they have to pay publishers to get their game on there.
Good episode all around and the new ending is a gut punch.
You should be grateful that they refunded your 13 cents.
Japan has a thing for Kakashi x Iruka, so that.
True, but Itachi used Kotoamatsukami, so then it became 3v1 and Nagato had no intention of fighting either. Nagato just felt out of place and didn't really bring any emotion like Kishi might have intended, but Nagato being proud of Naruto for being stronger or whatever was cool. It's like if you(Kishi) say you didn't know how to create the emotion between Naruto and Edo Jiraiya, why try it with Nagato?
Idk why. It's the same as doing your method or Gamestop, best buy etc. The only consequence is if you do it a lot they'll suspend your account and it could make them change their pre order policy, but there's not much they can do.
Buy the rights to*
About how he says he isn't, how every black wrestler said they don't think he's racist and how Hogan treated them well etc. He could be a closet racist, but I don't believe it.
Which is why it's the better of the All Star games because it matters. Nobody in the NBA all star game or Pro Bowl plays serious because they don't matter.
How so?
It's been a while, what episode is the Kakashi photo? I don't remember the crutches.
Thanks.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Advanced Warfare.
Anyone have any glue for the receivers?
Allegedly.
The free DLC quests still aren't showing up in my NG+
Kurama chakra mode I believe.
They'd have to completely make 3 new characters just to fit the whole having 3 character options and I doubt they would. They said GTA: Online is the future of GTA so my money is on 0 big single player DLC. All three doing conventions again is interesting though. Edit: downvoted for what? Because i said they probably would and should use a feature in the game/engine? Why have something and not use it? It would be dumb to change the formula and why digress backwards from 3 to 1. If It's just a Franklin dlc then sure, but they could still and should use the three character feature.
Because they aren't putting effort into GTAO? Idk why people complain about their focus and dedication into GTAO when they said before release that GTAO is the future of GTA.
It's also been denied. http://www.videogamer.com/ps4/gta_5/news/rockstars_parent_company_take_two_denies_talking_about_gta_5_story_dlc.html
Alright sure. That link says that R* said they're exploring DLC, but that doesn't mean it was guaranteed to come or means it would come.
There's really no proof of that rumour but it took off because everyone wants it.
Max is ok, but Brian shouldn't be permanent. Naomi Kyle would be better.
Ok, but variety is a good thing.
They're new pre order bonuses?
It kind of is explained in Witcher 2. Geralt lost his memory before Witcher 1 and then fell in love with Triss between 1 and 2 and by the end of 2 he regain his memory and probably just told Triss. Geralt is "forced" to love Yen and is probably the reason why It didn't work out with Triss as soon as he regained his memory. As you know that beginning of 3 he's searching for Yen.
Cant deny the wig thing but everything else seems off, though everything about his death is just weird. From the doctor and to all those(really well put) conspiracy videos seemed weird. MJ looked a bit thin, but he looked fine during the This Is It movie.
I have no words. 10k for a picture of a dick when you can get them free on the internet or free in your pants if you're a guy.
North America.
Source about the tech? They still exist through Kennedy Miller Mitchell and are doing Whore of the Orient.
Hinata.
Smart phones is almost a given, but PS4? How? You'd think some sort of partnership would've leaked. Edit: If I can play Zelda on my PS4 using a Nintendo NX device plug in or an app, I'm all for it.
SFV was always PS4 and PC. Idk who started that.
No..... Sony is funding the game because they didn't have funding and resources.
Cortez in Mass Effect and Dorian in Dragon Age says otherwise.
This happens?
Why's that?
He has to have or they wouldn't have made a novel out of him. Outside of Naruto and Sasuke, Kakshi got the most character building and screen time in the manga and anime. Obito would be after.
Time to try an navigate the Japanese text.
When?
No it's not.
More time can be put into episodes than releasing all at once. Also the fact you can get episodes out faster.
Jabba, the Rancore(?), uhhhhh the dude that got his hands cut off.
Because there's no Episodic game that does that.
Nah. Ben sliced him off at the bar.
No it wouldn't.
Jared was great, but Destin is when I loved Screwattack.
The stupid drop kick he does didn't help. It's like how Benoit was forced to do the dumb diving head butts.
That's why I don't try it. It's great that people give everyone a fair chance and avoids the bot that steals them, but just failing a few gets you banned from redeeming.
It's a really nice touch.
Nothing against your or whoever runs the page, but facebook giveaways are the worst.
Bring back FCW.
Love that song, but it would've been a weird theme for Y2J.
Neogaf loved Bloodborne.
RE 4,5 and 6 also through PSNow.
Nobody is forcing anyone to buy anything.
Pretty much this. Kamui combined was faster than Madara.
Madara himself said they doubled the speed of Kamui. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGQhGkkkHRo
Before or after his knees and back breaks? Austin is my all time fav and I would love to see him in a match again, but it isn't going to happen.
Not replying would be rude and I'm not a rude person.
Very different RPGs and its unfair to both to compare them. Only thing similar is that they're both high fantasy.
I wonder if he'll have the nickname Phenomenal still
Show us Jody Highroller
Well it was a bit of a dumb question.
Very interesting and very slow at first but when you get things going it's fun. Might have to buy it on release. It has potential to be a hit imo.
People that still chant CM Punk
The Blue Meanie.
I wish Jeff would return.
That sucks.
Get an iPad
I think it's time for Brady to retire Instead of Peyton. Brady got that noodle arm throwing ducks.
Get some glue DT.
O Line you are so fucking garbage. Jesus fucking christ.
Keep running that clock and let the D rest.
Even pats fans are secretly Bronco and tit fans.
I thought she was great at female Hawke.
I'm so hyped to see one last HHH title run.
It just needed a point to the sky for Lemmy.
Peyton = Hiei
I'd love if Jesse and Festus returned.
Being same year doesn't mean much. It was going to sell either way.
They haven't even sent codes out yet.
HBK vs Y2J at WM should've been the main event.
This crowd is shit.
Other black dude
$10-$15 isn't ridiculous.
So he's right, you can't emulate the cell.
You
Don't talk shit about the Kakashi fillers!
Or look like Torguro.
Shawn makes it sound like it will improve everything PlayStation so I'm down.
Big hole in their Sam being a villain is the fact he's a Hero in the multiplayer.
Third Kazikage did learn it by imitating It's power by studying Shukaku. Again, Gaara's dad knows it so it fits your bloodline trait. Edit: http://naruto.wikia.com/wiki/Magnet_Release
They have always done 2-3 big updates a year.
At least they're still acknowledging the PS4 version unlike DayZ. DayZ was announced for PS4 before X1, but now act like the ps4 version doesn't exist.
I'd rather 7 play like 6 and star Jake. I played RE Revelations 1/2 and it really isn't that much of a call back to their survival horror everyone says it is. Not as much action as 6, but enough to not feel like RE 1,2,3,0, Code Veronica X etc.
I like that style a lot because it looks like the background of the blog. Would look official and clean.
The kid probably got a spanking for acting up.
Where's muh Knack!!!!???? Good month for PS4 with the 3 games.
Post needs the misleading tag.
Idk. Those belly button things drive me wild.
Naruto's VA said a few months back that they were still going to do weekly.
And a friend of Hiruzen.
All he does now is hit doubles.
Well she technically could because that was the whole purpose of her having it. She was supposed to transform(unwillingly like in the game) and destroy the leaf.
You really don't have a story. Disney obviously doesn't allow it to be digital because of you needing a physical add on, same with Guitar Hero. It's the publishers decision about what will be digital, not Sony's.
That sounds terrible and cool. Does the stats/points still count?
He's busy being Hokage.
4 had a great story though.
I'd also like to know.
Yes.
Wish they would've given dates for the DLC.
&gt;Sound 4 DLC pack No they didn't.
So they play the game live while the composer plays music live?
Probably before Clerks 3 unfortunately.
Either UK crowd is good or it's fucking toxic.
Agreed. I love all 3, but 3 was just so good.
It's the script they were given. English dub sounds much better in the anime.
Their focus seems to be just PS2 games.
Braid was originally a 360 exclusive and cost $15. Of course Witness will outsell it revenue wise.
He wasn't.
Really want to watch it, but it's only a week away.
That and Martin has a fetish for killing popular characters.
But there were still threats like 4 more Akatsuki members: Kisame, Black Zetsu who pretty much caused everything, Itachi and Obito. There was also the fact of 7 tail beast powers still locked away in the Gedo. Ending at pain with all those plot points would've been awful.
Nah. He was still kicking himself over it and even told Obito that he's lived his life feeling like scum.
Dragon Age Inquisition game of the year version DLC isn't on disc and has a code inside.
Amazon
That happens? I'll have to watch it on YouTube.
Death threats happen all the time. Most Recent: Washington Post did a really negative non score review, then Metacritic trans lated it to a 40/100 score and that got death threats, Kotaku reporting got death threats for leaking the No Man's Sky delay and Sean Murry the lead developer got death threats for delaying the game officially. etc. etc. etc.
I was upset because every pairing outside of Shikamaru and Temari made 0 sense.
Fantastic episode. I'm looking forward to some more backstory and the Hokages next week.
Yeah you can blame them for Silent Hill, Castlevania and whatnot, but Kojima ruined MGS with that awful story in TPP. Also, the work environment in Japan is normal like that for game developers, manga writers and animators.
You should test it out for us.
This is my understanding. Last time Anakin was remotely good is when he was younger and it would make sense for his force ghost to be younger. I've never had an issue with George adding Hayden into the scene.
But Triss is best girl
That's true. Me personally, I enjoyed the prequels even with their flaws.
They never officially stated that they're done with console/pc games.
No, it's just really not good.
To say Neo was a sick joke.
Because that's how Uncharted has always been.
The tow truck was side missions that had dialogue and the getaway thing was to set up for the heist and that didn't take long
Is he done with WWE or are they allowing this?
Every year I see this and every year it's still the top selling game.
So you want a new R* IP that plays like GTA because that's how all of their IPs other than table tennis and Manhunt are. Bully was a rated T GTA style game and RDR was GTA in western times. Not bad things, but how long can they clone it? Edit: Max Payne was different. It just seems GTA style games are their comfort and sell the most.
Pretty sure these numbers are higher than Ghost and AW and those both were top in sales in those years.
It would've been cool to have it in all 3 games. It's also weird game lore wise how nobody plays it in 3.
Bring back Mike Brown.
Fitting name.
He still has good years left. He really needs a better coach and a better supporting staff. Basically he needs to come back.
Wade was in the building.
He had freedom with TPP and to the point that he went over budget. He phoned in the story, not Konami.
Sure, but that's because Rare was only a Nintendo studio. Imagin their games on PS1 or Sega.
That's a bit unfortunate that the superior consoles are getting ports. Hopefully it's a good port.
There's plenty more articles about over budget and even from his composer believed it was budget issues: http://nichegamer.com/2015/07/31/metal-gear-solid-composer-says-hideo-kojima-split-from-konami-over-budget-issues/ It's all hearsay, but you should know that Kojima games are notoriously expensive games and It would make sense for Konami to be upset over an employee going over budget.
Never said it was and I know the Cell issue, but Fallout 3 and Skyrim still has issues and Fallout 4 has issues on PS4. They seem to be the only dev who can't properly develop for PlayStation .
And that was because of every game being ported, but look at what the first party studios did.
No studio struggled as much as they do and Sony was and has been open to help third party devs since last gen with the Cell. I know you might love Bethesda, but they're not perfect.
Your excuse is everything on Ps3 runs poor which is false. The cell made developers dislike developing for it so they just ported the game to PS3. No game whatsoever ever ran that poorly or poorly in general on PS3 because I don't remember a game like that at all. Skyrim even had issues on 360, not as bad, but it had issues. Every patch made an existing issue worse and or broken something new and that's still how they operate because they can't optimize out of a paper bag. Also, isn't PS3 still missing a DLC? DLC issues are also common with them. You're defending a company who poorly optimizes their games on every console for no reason.
Is there more?
Brock doesn't have a current storyline so it's all good.
I assume it will be a mobile game. I know it's associated with Witcher 3, but it's probably not a PS4 game.
I see it being demoed at pre show things during streams and on the show floor.
Rockstar would use Rockstar Studios again and 3 ended MP anyways.
Thank you!
Ehh
Wow.
No they wouldn't.
And obviously Activision still wants control over the IP. I still don't see why it would be negative for Sony.
What you call teases were just stuff of them showing homage to how PlayStation began. They have never officially teased a Crash return
PS4 Neo will fix that/s
PS1 anniversary. Again, it wasn't a teaser and you can't tease something you don't own.
Because everyone knows they don't and we would have known if the license had switched hands. The video was about PlayStation and who used to be PlayStation? Crash, but they couldn't use his official design and they didn't have a relationship with Activision so the sign was a easter egg. They obviously got permission to use it in U4.
Please find where the license changed hands.
Ugh why ruin a good ending with a new series. Isn't he in L.A with a job? How is he going to balance that and this? Why would his brother go film him in Switzerland after calling the cops in this story? Bunch more questions, but I really wish he would've just did normal vids from time to time.
He's scheduled an interview with Keemstar.
Doesn't give me a sell option.
Why? They already said Joel and Ellie wouldn't be in it, so what's the issue?
I meant confirmed being showned at E3....
But do you?
You mean the rumour of the new Xbox being more powerful than Neo? It would only benefit exclusives.
PS4 launched at $400 and Neo will be more. I hope It's only $100 more and not some like the $700 PS3.
&gt;riot More like people upset on the Internet.
Crash also was on Nintendo and Xbox.
Better find a buyer for your PS4.
How? Really good teams on MOBA's can last a while.
Because Activision owns the assets in the artbook. See you Monday.
PM pls.
Mass Effect and Skyrim.
It doesn't really need a conference announcement.
Why? Their target audience obviously don't mind. Remember that they're manga first and everything else is bonus also, I don't believe they even use the term "filler".
Haha no.
There's not many ND staff left that worked on Crash and Crash had a few good games after it was sold.
Why do people want ND to have it? I'd rather they continue their mature story telling and not be stunted by a cartoon game. Crash is obviously still owned by Activision anyways so let their studio do it.
I'm going to be really upset depending on what exclusive third part game remaster that they're going to announce. Gaf thinks It's Dead Rising and I'd be indifferent about it, but If It's a big fan favorite game I'll probably never support that studio again.
Tried to tell /u/kingbanjee that Sony can do stuff with the first three like emulate on PS3 or use Crash in U4 without mentioning Activision. Now I do agree with you, but it will be interesting to see how it turns out if It's true.
Sony and R* has always had a good relationship, but it would come down to who payed more. That being said, I wouldn't expect the game. R* is never at E3 and their games don't need E3.
Take Two said that.
No. Scorpio and Slim are different.
I would, but I'm fond of Shu.
For Honor, South Park, Steep and watch dogs 2 was great.
Rockstar never said they were going to be there.
Source? I call BS. 1. No insiders like Shinobi are talking about this or even teased RDR in the first place. 2. Rockstar doesn't do E3. 3.If that's the case, why not put Kojima last or spiderman or Days Gone trailer and then gameplay, RE7? Edit: and if you truly think about it, ending with Red Dead makes no sense and the fact all the 2 third party games were in the middle. It makes more sensd to close out the Sony show with an exclusive, unless Red Dead had exclusive PlayStation content or something.
Every conference talked about the shooting. Downvote, but It's true. Watch the other conferences openings before downvoting ffs.
It makes more sense to end with an exclusive over a third party multiplatform game.
Wut. They said Neo wasnt going to be there days before.
They also every week.
I hope it isn't him trying to kill Odin while killing Loki, Thor, Freya, Fafnir, Ymir etc. etc. etc. on the way. I could understand him wanting revenge for the mother of his kid(again), but I hope he doesn't take down all of Valhalla because of it.
One of the tabs won't let me in.
No
Looks cool
The conference tab won't go past the birthday part.
Doubtful, but It would be lovely if somebody from Capcom would say something.
I wish it was like The Witcher.
What was the point of that tweet?
Was he the voice of starkiller and Is he the voice of that dude?
Nah dude it was obviously Red Dead Redemption 2/s
I'll allow 4, but 5 was a hot mess. The main game can be different, but you can't argue that it isn't going back to horror after they strayed off with 4,5 and 6.
I'm assuming.
Was this RTN? I keep wanting to watch it because of Minato and Kushina are alive, but I never get to it.
GTAIV "announcement" was a fake tattoo on Peter moore and GTAV PS4 was Andrew House and that isn't like first revealing on stage for PS3. I wouldn't really call those Rockstar at E3 announcements and also because RDR, original GTAV etc. weren't announced at E3.
The demo was obviously set to easy with unlimited bullets.
That's why I prefer their studios story telling approach more. Not that story in games like Gears, Halo, Zelda are bad, but Sony games just go for emotion driven stories.
Ascension, Chains of Olympus, God of War 1, Ghost of Sparta, God of War 2 and God of War 3.
You do realize R* has different dev teams, right? You should be happy that GTAV is this successful. Also, your microtransaction bit is so so wrong. Shark card are 100% optional and doesn't Impact the game negatively, so why worry about it in RD? You're extremely overreacting over nothing.
The game was God of War, he just told you... There was another surprise game and it was Gwent again. Please for your sake, don't get you hopes up because It's going to be a game already shown.
It wouldn't make sense for Sony or MS to exclusively announce a game on Gamspot.
To each their own, but I could've lived without the game in general.
When did they start selling mods?
You're in like a bunch of different places. Yeah people shouldn't get upset at modders over 900mb and PC players paid $60(well cheaper because pc) so wouldn't they feel the same way over whatever that is you're saying? Yeah i heard how nasty people have been to modders since X1 mods and It's unfortunate, but I still don't see how It's currently relevant to this post. Modders can choose to upload to bethesda workshop willingly.
We wouldn't know. GTAV is on year 3? IV 2008, Lost and damned 2010. They didn't start DLC year one because of PC, PS4 and X1 versions and it will take time if It's as big as TLaD and TBoGT. Next you'll tell me that shark cards caused them not to add animals online.
Same probably was said about them going head on at Apple or when they went head on at Sony and Nintendo.
Pls
Welcome to Naruto. Every generation has been like that excpet the roles changed with Obito and Kakashi.
Watch
And I'm not disagreeing, but within the first few years scorpio won't be the center of development. They have to look at X1, X1S and Scorpio.
Ullr not having a father fits, the bow fits and I believe Ullr also used an axe so that axe fits. It sounds much better than Thor.
Hate how It's a year.
I see Neo outselling Scorpio so It's whatever.
Yeah I don't remember it either.
Because people here are awful. I hope table tennis is announced before Red Dead because of some people here.
Is this not the PC remaster? Why the exclusive tag?
rekt
That's why I thought it was the PC port.
Have they said if his cancer isn't curable/removable?
They had to show it so they could promote the remasters.
It was my most excited game from this E3 and PGW last year and I'm really looking forward to it.
I know, but that's how it is. Can you not go into account setting while banned?
What is that even supposed to be?
Not cool?
Can I pick PC but also wanting a console like Neo or NX?
Not really. Do you have an in depth article about it?
Yoshida has said they're open for discussions.
I never understood why. They have some good songs.
Agreed.
I don't need to explain myself to the misinform.
PSX is a great place to announce Sucker Punch new game and of course TGS would get one because that's like Japans E3.
I'd love to know why Kishi put the mole. I really hope that short gets animated.
This one kind of makes sense. I don't remember what was said, but to me he copied it a long time ago from Tobirama.
Jon Snow is pretty popular.
Missed out on all of those because I didn't notice.
Where? All I see is the dragon that I assume is Fafnir.
Why? It's a CGI trailer.
Does the documentary talk about what happened to his remains after they were given back? Like a "where are they now" sort of thing.
Same. I think the only thing my school talked about was Trail of Tears for like a day, but nothing like the Bear River Massacre or any of the others. Same went for anything non American wars like Egyptian, China, feudal japan, Roman empire etc.
The Peyton Manning fivehead, right?
Kalisto vs Rey might be good. I loved Jeff Hardy solo run with the IC title, WHC and WWE title.
Ugly. Good thing the patent is old and probably won't turn into anything.
There's 0 reason to do that and they don't want to do that.
I hope It's a bit more than just 1080p 60fps and no more than $400
Possibly, but there's no way they'd be doing this if X1 was 20+ million ahead in sales and they weren't losing money per sale.
Depends if you believe Digital Foundy sources that say Neo is this year.
I ate a grape once and it was delicious.
Live VR concerts would be awesome.
Sure, but that doesn't mean we'll be hunting the robots constantly. I see it being a more traditional western RPG than a MH clone. Yeah there will be quest to fight the robots, but I don't see it being constant and not as big like how MH would do it. Horizon also has a story ant what not.
The rumoured specs say it will upscale to 4K and everyone was cool with it because Shawn Layden or whoever didn't say 4K tv would be required and then retract his statement.
I can see it near $700. MS will be taking a loss, but they won't take a substantial loss per sale.
Then where is It's actual announcement? Other than rumours and Andrew House, there's no hype and the months to pre order before release is getting short.
You're being downvoted because it was posted before and It's an old patent from 2012.
This is mainly fixing DLC issues.
Yes. Like after the first hour the game will ask you questions about 2 if you put yes. Letho being alive is one of them.
It just auto simulate W2 and W1 decisions except for the questions you have to answer. Pick simulate.
Shame? I'd rather they put full focus into the story like the previous games.
You see how bad Ascension was with a split focus?
I doubt Jaffe would be the one to do it and there really isn't a market for it.
No really because the other 5 games didn't have MP and were good.
I hope we befriend Fenrir instead of killing. I just really hope it isn't about killing every god again or give us a choice.
It now lessons any boost.
That's what I'm worried about. What stops him/them from throwing money at a huge hyped-up VR game right before release and after it was announced for other headsets? They already have done it.
MAG is mentioned every so often, but SOCOM is more.
Their MP team is on MP, Neil and Bruce are doing the SP DLC. They also said they're focusing on it before the next game. So yeah, full team.
Sure, but PSX is also about the live panels and even has a few announcements. Repeating all that a week after doesn't make sense.
You honestly think they wouldn't use Neil or Bruce for a new game?
Nowhere in the article did Evan Wells say "New IP" and you would obviously want your best. You're acting if they split the team into 2 to work on U4 and non confirmed nor implied New IP, but they didn't. Also, my article states Neil had plans for TLoU 2 before U4 and that would fit that Evan Wells quote. I'd agree with you if Amy Hennig wasn't let go and if Neil and Bruce wasn't put onto U2. You're reaching.
http://www.trustedreviews.com/news/uncharted-4-dlc-to-be-finished-before-last-of-us-2-work-begins-says-neil-druckmann
I enjoyed them mainly become of Angelina Jolie
It's not bad, but PS4 has better MOBA's
Only if he lost.
Like KD.
Do the Knicks keep Porzingis? If so, good trade for NY if Rose's knee doesn't explode.
Pray that his knee doesn't explode.
Smite and Paragon are the best imo. I haven't played Pirates: Treasure Hunters yet, but Trans Galactic Tournament and Invokers Tournament aren't that great. King of Wushu should come to PS4 eventually.
We won't know until CoD XP
Or just use the official app.
It would just be broken.
It's just crazy how you and other people are upset over something really dumb and trivial.
Back to the Future might be calling my name.
Buy it, beat it, carry the save to season 2 and then beat season 2 again.
Adanas talks shit all the time
Business wise? Yeah he could've chosen a word, but I don't think he regrets it and it definitely needed to be said regardless. I wouldn't be surprised if Matty quits and then starts a trend.
Original blog post didn't mention a beta.
lol you Warrior fans are cute, thinking you actually have a shot to get KD http://imgur.com/ZU0MlwQ
You lost to Kevin Love and JR Smith.
Why not KD and sign a decent center? Whiteside and KD would be Ideal, but we'd have to give up people, so why not a Noah, Plumlee, Zeller etc.
Jihad has become pretty offensive over the years. It is his legal name, but he took the risk to use it as a PSN name post 9/11.
Will be interesting to see how this fares against Dead by Daylight.
You think they'll all just turn and help Jon and the North?
Even if he did it just for his neck, people will still sadly call him a cheater.
Like a text that says he secretly hates Papa Johns Pizza
I like how people are already trying to tell people to not buy over server issues. People shouldn't forget that the game still alpha on PC.
Sketchy? No. You're pretty much paying for early access.
If we are doing dumb assumptions, you can say it will hinder Red Dead.
Only shit I see on there is naked people, people doing hardcore drugs and a drunk Irishman wearing a mask and being loud. USTREAM and Sony don't want that.
Pretty sure there's never been a Plus and GwG game on the same month.
I'd take Banjo 3 over all of that. Also, I believe Sony got the license back from Activision and there have been good Spiderman games under Activision and good games under them in general. I'd take a milked studio over a dead studio.
You should play it and see if they ever improved it.
Until Xbox leads console sales. So basically never.
When was the last Em and Dre track?
Now I'm not saying Bethesda and MS are partners, but Todd Howard in the Scorpio announcement trailer makes it seem like Bethesda does favor Xbox.
Remember the PS3 version?
It's still in alpha
Seems so.
You should try Smite.
Hopefully this game is treated better than how Inafune mistreated Mighty No 9.
Exactly.
