Ontario as well I assume the rest of Canada but I don't know that for sure
And the order is shoot to kill
Could you get some of him singing or playing guitar in the video if you do? I was really hoping we would hear some
Hell when I made big changes and it dropped 10 lbs of water weight the first week that was enough for me to get going. 30 lbs in 3 months now. Aiming for 80 by the end of the year. That will put me at 190
Smartserve in Ontario (all of Canada?) can't work in any place that serves alcohol without it. Can be taken online though and the cert is mailed to you. And yes, there are rules regarding how much you can serve a person, at least in a certain time period. I've been warned about being cut off in bars before, they more or less forced me to wait it out, or buy food before they would give me more.
The best part is, iirc someone mentioned that this would be a shower thought within a day.
Probably like most recipes of this type, they don't taste like shit, but they also aren't "good", but it's better than most alternatives so it gets described as amazing.
I probably look stupid here, but can you tell me what movie this is from? I feel like I should know but can't place it
You'd think if it was life changing you'd never forget the location?
And everyone act like 5 was never a thing :)
Toy Story 1 is horrible (imo) compared to 2 and 3. I didn't like it when it was the only one in the series.
Also in Lawless. I feel like nobody has seen that movie or something, never gets mentioned. I loved it. He was kind of an annoying character since he was such a bitch, but he played the role awesomely.
You posted this 7 hours after the top post got it right and you got the gold? What an awful world we live in. (congrats)
Might want to check your CPU, a new gpu isn't always going to be all you need.
No you don't need all that at all. All you need is a calorie deficit, If you do you lose weight that's all there is. The only factor is how big the deficit controls how fast you lose. I'm down 32 lbs since March 20th and I don't even count calories (I did for a couple weeks until I got a handle on how much I can eat) It's actually picked up steam in the last couple weeks with 11lbs lost in the last 17 days. Honestly, it's easy peasy lemon squeazey.
LPT:if someone is holding something in their hand, shake their other fucking hand
If it's a hill climb you have a point. Otherwise momentum doesn't mean anything unless he would have to slow a lot. To be fair you do see it most on hills where the lighter load will be passing up Hill and heavier will gain ground down hill
Looking for one legged man to make hops
If you already purchased it once you shouldn't have to "buy it again" ? I can redownload any app/game I've bought ever in my android history.
Where have I heard that before
Wow that's fucking bullshit. CLEARLY got there before the tag. The only thing they could say is he was still tagged the millisecond he had his left hand off the base
Glad someone called out the no hitter right before this inning started.
Funny you say slow when on his last hit the exact words were "Colabello is too fast"
ok
"just" over an hour ago
Same problem. Psn and their Friday night updates. Can't do it on fucking Wednesday morning or something
I don't even know what the hell I'm looking at. Buy a new tv son
We're on reddit, got about a 50/50 chance of it being true
You should dabble in real country music, not the bullshit that has been played for the last 20 odd years (I'm a pretty big fan of a lot of stuff from the 90's and a LOT of stuff from the 60's-70s)
Can't believe it's come to a point where games with no release date can be preordered. It could be 16 months away
Hooot Pockets "You're a genius here's a 100 million dollars" "Now we need a jingle for our mexican market" "uhhh...Caliente pockets?" "How do you do it?!"
I'm pretty sure you can. You can pull the goalie for a player and put him back in on the fly so not sure why you couldn't switch goalies.
The shits/the flu
Got the shits or the flu
&gt;Capitalize on this SHIT I see what you did there
Yeah, fuck him for being sick.
Oh gotcha
I wonder why these type of ads aren't automatically blocked by adblock? I'm already running it.
Ad block doesn't block these ads without custom rules.
I hear this all the time regarding fallout and it is such bullshit. First of all there are VERY few co-op games and co-op games of this quality basically don't exist. Secondly, how exactly does co-op affect the game? With a second person following you around you would still experience the exact same game and story they would just be experiencing the same thing as well. Like EVERY other co-op game whether you play by yourself or with a friend the story doesn't change. Finally, it wouldn't affect you at all. Clearly you wouldn't want to play co-op, so you wouldn't and therefore having that mode has no affect on your experience of the game.
Nothing more comfortable than a plane seat...
Good thing Collabello switched to basically walking halfway down the baseline. That's why I like players that hustle, you never know what could happen.
lol Dickey
Very unlikely, even though he's barely a major league level pitcher anymore
Is it though? I could be wrong I suppose as I'm certainly not a diehard baseball fan and only really started watching every game in the last year but watched sporadically for the last 5+. He's regressed every season that he has been with Toronto and while he might have one really good game every 8-10 or so usually the most you can hope for is him to not to be responsible for the loss. So at best he's an inning eater and at worst he's a home run giving machine. Also how many 40+ year olds arent questionable big leaguers? He certainly shouldn't be the anchor of a rotation anymore.
Yeah it was much better to do this than to just stay with Loup. He's only good for two pitches. Fucking useless manager
You must forfeit? Has it ever happened?
Yeah, but I'm kind of saying if you literally didn't have anyone left for whatever crazy reasons. I know it would pretty much be impossible to go through all 5 starters and bullpen as well as the bench.
Yeah, but it would basically have been a reskin/update of Fifa 13, 12, 11, 10,9, 8, 7 or whatever the last actual game was that was developed for the system. Its not like a whole new game/engine was created for the system.
My favourite ones are pictures of random objects that say "The new fat fighter" or "super food" and it's like a jelly fish.
Pujols just retired in my MLB the Show 15 in 2021 with 630 home runs
You can't see why people would want to play their own music on their PS4?
Unfortunately, it's complete horse shit. When you see the guy 10 feet down and bullets are flying past him at 1000 feet per second. It's now put huge holes in several movies and pisses me off every time I see it.
What if their television is what they use for their PC and PS4 and the speakers from the television are what they use for audio? Can't play audio from the PC then. What if they use headphones to play the PS4 and want the music and game sounds through them? What if they're not in the same room as their PC? Your argument is "Get a stereo"? And even then, we go back to, what if they're using headphones for the PS4? What if they want to be silent?
Ah yes, slow metabolism. Legit
I'd just burn the house down and start over. A bigger scale of when I just throw dishes away because they've sat it in the fridge too long, the food went bad, and I don't want to clean it.
&gt;Edit8: I do have a girlfriend, getting coffee with someone isn't cheating. I'm not going to fuck her on the coffee machine. I'd like to read your conversation with your girlfriend when you say "Hey Babe, just told my highschool crush that I was deeply in love with her in highschool and told her I'd drive anywhere in the world to meet her for coffee tomorrow which she agreed to do. I mean, it's not like I'll be fucking her on the coffee machine lol, k XOXO love you lots!"
You can also chat with friends through a laptop, not sure why they ever added chat through game consoles when it would be so easy just to bring your laptop with you. It still doesn't solve the problem of playing a ps4 with a headset on which a large percentage of people do at ALL times. You're full of really useless answers.
Don't worry, he/she didn't take this picture, it's usually on the front page of R/Aww about every other week and has been for a couple years now.
"kid" heh. That you think people should be carrying around a laptop to get shitty audio for when they play games is hilarious. You have no idea what you're talking about. It's literally the most requested feature, that's proof enough that people want it. Also, speaking of "majorities" you think a majority of people own a laptop? AND those people want to either listen to music from it's trash speakers or hook up speakers to it which play over the game audio in the room (which isn't the same as listening to it mixed through the ps4) OR use headphones to completely block out all game sound. Brilliant. You must be an astronaut.
While I agree on wanting folders, the apps and games I'm using are always the first few on the list. If I'm going back to play an older game, then yeah I have to scroll across one time, but that's not exactly a common occurrence.
Your* You're still not answering how exactly they listen to music from those devices. Headphones? So they can't hear the game audio? Or are they just playing it through the amazing built in speakers? That's grade A quality there!
Especially 18 months after release
Well luckily what they make doesn't count as pizza
Easy Curly
Correct, and it's awesome
It's three times bigger than Texas and about 1/4 the size of the United states so yeah it's pretty big and would indeed be "one hell of a state" if you're comparing it to any other state
True but it's still large if it were made a state.
Yep needed to be women thrown through shelves in this and the kid kicked through a wall. But they just stand around watching and acting appalled
Seems pretty relevant to him
Isn't that exactly what I said? "Especially" if you run into a transport truck which takes forever to stop.
When I say "behind a vehicle" I'm referring to following them down the road/highway. Not a situation where someone does something retarded. In any normal situation, you should never not be able to stop before running into the car in front of you.
Yeah pretty much this. I only played '14 and now 15, but basically everything is identical as far as commentary, animations, the idle time stuff. I was really hoping for some updated commentary since I basically just finished playing a couple hundred hours of '14 as a RTTS pitcher and continuing it over to '15 is all the same commentary. Hell I usually get the same calls 10-15 times a game.
Eh I like the presentation..or I did for the first 100 hours or so. However the same situations have the same exact calls over and over again within games with little or no variance. Every single game, when I throw a change in the first inning the announcer goes on a rant about how you want to show the changeup early in the game, which is actually new commentary, but I've already heard it 50 times in a couple days I'd actually like to see a list of all the different commentary there is, maybe 100 lines? Edit: As for the NHL games, the commentary is ridiculously repeated as well. "Geometrically" every second pass
EE with the now patented infield fly
Joey is probably stoned just from shoulder bumping Snoop
You should be proud, Snoop Dogg is a joke
Pretty long and hard dong too
There are a lot of succesful rich and famous jokes, do you not think so?
Just wait for the downpour
I think you mean Dosh Johnaldson
Atleast he didn't smash it....150 feet straight up
Not gonna continue the hit streak watching pitches like that
A rock would probably make it to home plate faster than his pitch
2/6 = half ;)
This game is flying by
lol
GTA: Moscow
St.Albert, Ontario is the king of cheese curds as far as I'm concerned. So to hell with you!!
pop flys, pop flys everywhere
HAHAHAHA!
I loved EE basically shoving the reporter out of his way
36 Marlins' "Fuck"s on this page
Does it make you feel better that it's a french town?
You just reworked the same joke from the one other reply to that comment, congrats
While it's a fan interpretation, I actually believe it makes so much sense that it's basically the hidden truth of the movie. The only water that would hurt them was holy water, etc. Too much sense
Not disputing if there was a tornado or not, but I've seen this happen a lot just from high gusts of wind with that type of tree. I think they're thin, tall and have all their foliage at the top, combined with really shallow root system.
Indeed. Hopefully it's all on the bottom
Good to see that people still haven't figured out a "punchable face" is not someone that annoys you as a person who has a face. It's someone's face that makes you want to punch it because of how it looks without knowing anything about the person.
You know freedom of speech doesn't exist on a privately owned website right? You can't go into a grocery store and start yelling whatever you want, you'll get kicked out. Learn what the hell you're talking about.
Guess I'm never landing again
Or the not bad food shop
Woohoo?
Oh wait is it because the forks are like spiders? I guess I would need some of the levels explained to me.
So-So, probably chinese
So any dog under 10 lbs is fine but nobody should have a husky, rottweiler Doberman, German shepherd, golden retriever, black lab golden lab, Bernese, great Dane, or any other of the hundreds of large breeds? Wow.
He was never going to be a useful member of society anyway, he's only making it easier for people to figure that out immediately
A.thats because assholes choose pit bulls. If you ban pit bulls another dog will take up that statistic. B.he essentially said all large dogs.
It never was
I usually have been asleep before midnight for new years since I was 17-18, work is tiring yo
I hate when my cat breaks it's ear bones
Is there no resource that shows who is or isn't on the 40 man?
Otherwise known as "my cat was sleeping and I put this on it's head, that's why he looks annoyed, I had to quickly take the picture before he took off"
Also, what does he do the 5 years between needing to call a game?
Well, the team is sunk if the pitching is back to being like this
Wow cya hutch
I'm going to keep watching, but hoping they get more than 5 runs from here on is a tall order. Not to mention that would require them not allowing another run all night. Likely if they're going to win they need 8 runs. :/
Gibbons is an idiot if he does.
Didn't Copeland just throw 7 innings a couple days ago?
I need that gif'd up
Well, Betts did blast his face off the wall trying to catch the ball.
Is there a better gif than the one so zoomed in?
Definitely a combination considering the Blue Jays probably have the best offense in baseball right now, hence leading the league by 60ish runs already.
I remember watching a let's play of the game and someone mentioned that playboy didn't even exist at this time but I didn't double check the dates to be sure. Something like that would bother me though haha
Oh man all those random events though aka same three things would happen while driving around and you'd have to chase a bad guy!
Well if I was playing it's something I would say "Hmm, that seems a little early", and then I would look and see that Playboy started in 1953, and then I would realize that the game is placed in the 30s or 40's. It's just little details that slightly annoy me.
Nooo Mother, it's just the Northern lights.
Mmm, time for roast Turkey
Never really understood it anyway, if people aren't smart enough to see through the bullshit of a marketing campaign then let them fall for it.
mother fucker has the whole off-season to take off!. Just kidding, yeah everyone gets days off sometimes.
Just missed it
A win today ties us (temporarily) for 1st in the division, though with 3 more games played. Giddy up Edit:I mean in wins only.
http://www.reddit.com/r/MLBStreams/comments/39pyga/game_thread_06132015_tor_at_bos_0135_pm_est/
Yeah just added an edit, I'm referring solely to wins not overall. Hence why I said we've played less games :)
Awful strike call
Bring a glove and pay attention
lmao Ramirez helmet again
ffs
Yeah, well based on making a post as stupid as this there probably isn't much you wouldn't bang if given the chance, and you're probably not given many.
Yeah we don't need a lead until the 8th anyway.
Embarrassing
I know man, I'm just being a pain in the ass for the sake of it. It's what I do best
Well, that just makes me feel bad about myself :(. It's like my dad telling me he's disappointed.
Shh you can't comment on the bipolarism of the comments.
Still a close estimate!
Heh, you're such a joke. How sad
Best hitting team in baseball, all bunts.
Can someone explain to me why game times change by little increments? For example, against the Mets, 7:10. 7:10, 7:07. Is there a reason for a 3 minute difference?
Oh god here we go!
Our own medicine tastes like shit
But all three games are against the Mets so the networks would (I assume) be the same
I'm not the one you're looking for an answer from, but from my understanding, the 9590 is a lot more expensive for no performance increase for games. And you're buying a board with a socket that is dead, which means they will never again be making a cpu that will fit in that board so you're stuck with the chips that have already been out for a year or longer. Basically you're looking at 3-400 dollars for the best you're ever going to get without again replacing the board and cpu. (And the best you're ever going to get doesn't even match an I5). I know, I'm already in a position of being stuck with this socket and needing to replace the board and cpu with intel in the very near future.
I miss Nomar Garciaparra
Can't wait for the Coke-ain cowboy
Doesn't look like Ortiz does either
OHHHHH SHIT
You have to add context to her being some huge scary beast to make it creepy, but any faceless man is automatically creepy.
Couldn't you order pizza from somewhere for them but order something else for yourself? What place ONLY serves Pizza? And for that matter, the trade off is horrible ass taco bell? ouch
And then proceed to point out to the restaurant that "hey everybody I hate pizza"
Yeah, I definitely do. It's hard to watch right now
Almost looked like a disagreement/argument, but they zoomed out before I could see their facial expressions at the end.
And heavy equipment just don't get caught filling your personal vehicles with it
All fake man sorry
Unfortunately fake :(
Some lights are still on a simple timer instead of weight sensors of any kind
Yes really, it's acting. I was gutted when I found out after having so many laughs.
He names all other AL east teams, the Blue Jays are an AL east team, which god damn Sox do you think?
Bald?...
No, I don't think I can ever forgive you
Hey man, your team kept this Blue Jays team to 3 runs. More than most can say. Batting is another story I suppose.
Yeah, I got fucked up in Minefield as Arkansas was blowing up cars around me (fallout 3)
No problems here, Windows 7 64 bit, downloaded and modded 2 days ago, 0 issues. My sister on the other hand gets ctd every launch and can't play the game.
And what if that combined with manually setting affinity and running compatibility for an older windows all don't work?
Well I'd have to check with her, but she's running Windows 7 64 on a Mac, which may be part of the problem. And has an i7
Man what an awesome reply you made my night haha
I dunno man, he looked really frigging awful over the last like...decade of his career. I doubt any rigorous training now could help him much.
So sorry..
Yeah his prime ended in the 80s more or less though. Early 90s anyway
Organized maybe? The 50 kids I see playing basketball every day aren't organized
Hard to say usually every school has a court and soccer field. Every community center too. But what I'm saying is, organized soccer, swimming, hockey, even baseball seems more common than organized basketball. For whatever reason. Is it lack of interest? I'm not sure, I just see a lot of people playing on courts for the hell of it.
That's not what I'm implying at all I was trying to give the most basic of examples obviously the car isn't going to be guided by one sensor. We all know computers never have a single problem though. As I said in another comment this all started from me trying to explain someone else's comment that was misconstrued, I'm not against self diving cars and I'm not attempting to give reasons for why they are bad.
It happens, you're a donkey after all
I have all expansions installed and until I set dogmeat as essential he was dying repeatedly. I need to confirm if he would be essential if all expansions are installed, because if so then something isn't working right in my game. I also remember him being near indestructible when I played years ago and he's weak right now but I've only had him for 1 level up basically so he might become super powered in the next level or so.
&gt; If you do SysPrep, the only thing that's likely to be an issue is SATA port mode if you're using IDE mode on your current board. You might have to dumb that one down for me.
Lol Russia. Please do something
Like Kleenex. Everyone calls them Zambonis, iirc most if not all NHL resurfacers are in fact not Zambonis
Bear*
What an ace
&gt;He wasn't even trying to go to the base...I hope they hit him next ab lol
Well, it's not illegal, and I'm sure when a Met does it you're not the first to complain.
The Mets gdt. About 2/3 of the posts since that happened have been calling it dirty/that that type of play should be illegal. To be fair a lot of them are defending it. Though there's even at least one Jays fan in there saying it's ridiculous that it's allowed.
Should just put hockey glass up around those lines.
God damn she's annoying
Heh, I know. Dickey is awful. Though he did have a 7.1 118 pitch shutout going until he gave up a home run. Maybe would have had a complete game without those walks. Although there's a reason he was talking to the ump after every inning since the guy has the worst strike zone I've ever seen
Congrats to him on 2 decent starts on the year
Not only that, I believe it's balancing to keep the ship at even keel.
Then she should hand in her driver's license. She's clearly not fit to be behind the wheel of a car.
More like 3 seconds. Also you have to be pretty dumb to be texting. So there's that as well.
Hard to do when the guy is dead..
Don't break traffic laws then dumb fuck.
What the fuck? Microwaved? Oven or deep fryer are the only possible ways to eat those. Gtfo
Really? I've never been pulled over in my 10 years of driving. It's not difficult to wear a seatbelt, not speed (to an extreme) and not run stoplights and stop signs and not text while driving. If someone can't handle those things they should be barred from ever owning a vehicle of any kind, including bicycles.
Well that works all I could imagine was this soggy microwaved mess.
That may be, maybe you have a signal light out and you'll almost definitely be let off with a warning unless you've got 50 previous tickets from driving like an asshole.
I sure that was already happening
There's a riddle that goes something like that as well I don't entirely remember how it goes but it asks about getting across a bridge with guards at each side and there never being a long enough gap to get across the entire bridge between guard rotation. Solution is basically to get on the bridge during one guard rotation, turn around and walk to the guards who are in the direction you're coming from who send you back the way you wanted to go. I'm sure I didn't explain this right at all.
I can envision someone with a hunting vest and beats by Dre
I like how you got down voted like anyone reading this has any reason to do so. Road rage is still an issue though not so much racing just screaming at the windshield because idiots.
Mom? Haha
Just toss that pile of 60 old tires into your back pack
He looks baked
Humble brag: I've lost 20kg's in almost exactly 3 months, not exactly doing 1200 cals but this place has really helped me out a lot
Yeah, I recommend everyone to find the closest place with bulls and go in and give them a scratch on the neck
Only thing that upset me about NV is you can basically cross the river kill the bad guys including the leader and not have it actually change the end game.
There are mods that add 100+ more songs
The same people that would go into places that still allowed indoor smoking and complained until they were forced to get rid of smoking. Like they had no other choice but to go there. Then they complained people smoked on the patio so that went too. (Could vary by location you live in, but that's the case here anyway)
Taken on a 1976 polaroid, or just instagram?
If I call my mom she thinks it's an emergency every time. Answers the phone panicked
Your dog shouldn't be off a leash and touring around by itself to the extent it can be trapped or shot. So my suggestion would be don't be a useless owner. Unless you think it will be trapped or shot within 50 feet of you.
Sweet, 45 days of coffee
I originally had 30 days down, but thought that 10 dollars a day is a little TOO much of an exaggeration haha
Kind of funny because this is what made me think of it I guess, not exactly this game but they were showing the stats for the Ray's starter tonight against the Jays and showed his last start against Toronto he only threw 33 pitches over a couple of innings. (Though I'm not positive he started that game, since his stats weren't bad enough to be taken out of the game that early)
Thats what I'm thinking. Instead of bringing in a guy to shut down the game late, you shut down the game early, hopefully get a lead then the starter comes in to throw the rest. /shrug, seems like a good idea to me!
Then I hope nobody is concerned when someone kills those dogs either accidentally (Car) or intentionally because they're assholes that will kill any dog on their property. It's irresponsible regardless of how greatly trained those dogs are.
Well to be fair, with Tim Hortons here in Canada, a lot of people are so addicted that even drinking regular coffee at $1.80-$2.00 a piece probably go up to 10 or more dollars a day. One guy I work with goes to get a coffee at least 5 times a day.
Looking at the quality of people that SOME Star Wars fans are (or even just people in general), I wouldn't doubt there was a lot of shit from adults too.
That's still not his fault. He was a nine year old kid. Was he supposed to go? "You know what my fellow gents and scholars? I do not think that I would be perfect for this role, perhaps you should continue your search elsewhere. Have a great day"
While I knew the fact of people throwing bottles down the outhouse hole (and pickers looking where outhouses used to be because of this) I've certainly never heard that term.
If you want to change that perhaps you should show some proof of identity?
Yes, though I can't find a connection between that phrase a drinking in an outhouse.
lol, this is like having Three Doors Down perform at a winter classic now. Oh wait.
Is the word gram or kilo?
Yeah those were my thoughts. I guess we'll see how it plays out, they may decide based on who is looking stronger.
Yeah, but if they're talking to each other, they're all Canadian ;)
Yeahhhh you're right. Everyone else mentioned here was Canadian, of course I didn't double check him.
While true, they continue to give out contracts that give players 10+ million a year when a couple years ago they only made 6-7 while the cap hasn't went up the same percentage. Those same teams are the ones that are constantly in cap hell and praying for the cap to go up. In my opinion the individual player max salary should be less. But that's just me.
Working for a heating and cooling company and someone says on the phone "Oh my god they make those guys work outside in this heat? Wow. Okay well my air conditioner isn't working so I need to have someone out here to fix it"
Yeah, if I want to murder people but only load and cock my guns all day and sharpen knives but never actually go out and do it i'm still a fucked up individual that needs help. Those people are still fucked up people that need help. I don't need to read redditors going on about how there's nothing wrong with wanting to fuck a 9 year old as long as they don't go do it. It's also not "okay" to talk about raping people just because you don't do it, or talking about killing black people or muslims.
It's all the same amount of clicks for them no matter how long it takes us to finish.
I've read it many times on here. People defend pedophilia to no end. Yeah not everyone for sure, but too many. They're not defending it by saying "this guy just has mental problems but he hasn't hurt anyone", just defending the idea that it's okay to want to have sex with them as long as you don't.
Is any other major sport changing fundamental rules almost annually?
I could be wrong but I believe most of the area notorious for tornadoes don't even have basements usually
Yes and a lot build tornado shelters under their yard.
Also moving away from expandable storage. Fuck sakes
Luckily you don't actually have to be moving to be following too close. When silver car gets rear ended and hits ops car he gets the same fine as if he had just driven into op himself.
As far as I know, I just installed everything new but it may have installed some older ones if the disc comes preloaded with old software. I don't know where I would begin to update everything though
Well I have the latest drivers for my gpu for sure, as I had to download that to get off of the built in display drivers from the CPU. I'm doing a quick update of the chipset drivers now but I don't have much hope of that changing things. It's strange that it's only chrome doing it though :/
next time don't bring your kid so close, these are the risks. Lucky he didn't get a line drive in the mouth. Who would he cry to then? The batter?
And yet you can torture domesticated animals and get less.
Ah yeah makes sense. Well looks like it was an easy enough fix, thanks a lot custom theme installed by my new Mobo
With a shit CPU I still was near 60 fps in the witcher (didn't hit high population areas though) on ultra. I have a Sapphire vapor-x R9 290x 8gb. Just upgraded to a 4690k as well. Honestly I don't think your current gpu should be having that much trouble. I would still suggest a 290x. But you might be soured on amd now.
Yeah unfortunately I just dealt with this same issue. Had to bite the bullet and get an Intel chip. There's just nowhere to go with am3+ anymore.
Players are making millions of dollars per season to make that catch. Unless you propose rule changes
They same is true of any food not made in your home, people aren't ordering food to save money.
Yeah if you want to eat dominoes.
You could just send it from a mailbox outside the building and it will actually be delivered. Though I guess if you want to save the 50c
No I didn't make your point. The point is they're in an area that is dangerous. Broken bats can go that far, foul line drives and players sometimes jump the fence to make a catch that they are paid millions to make. If the kid or father has a problem with the dangers then they shouldn't be in that spot. Leave it to people that are ready to deal with what might happen.
Don't move to Canada!
I wouldn't doubt her mic wasn't even set up for her to actually sing
Already super skilled with assault rifles are you? Might need some training.
I know the temperatures aren't BAD temperatures, it just seems strange that while idle, litterally sitting there watching the numbers and nothing else they would bounce up and down 10F within seconds But thank you for calming me down a bit. I just never saw that kind of fluctuation on my old CPU, it would maybe fluctuate 1-2 degrees and would slowly heat up or cool down not frantic bouncing up and down.
Well I'm going to play a game for a bit we'll see if the maxes seem okay afterward haha
Yeah, he's not going to center those two. Sorry. Unless shit really falls apart. If Mackinnon is half as good as his rookie year, at center, he will be in that spot. I'll shit myself if Soderberg is a permanent #2 center next year.
Don't feel too special, most teams that come into the Pepsi center have louder chants than the Avs home fans who are too busy sitting on their hands or looking at their Blackberry.
From what I heard he has to be a center due to his eye sight. So he will be a center and Mitchell is garbage.
Coming from a pc gamer, what are the pcmr folks if not snarky little bitches?
But op wasn't arguing that consoles were better, just that this particular game did indeed run better on consoles.
I drove by a landfill last weekend and there are signs all around that say not to dump garbage along the fence of the property. Anyway so I drive down the next road and there's a pile of 5 bags of trash thrown on the side of the road. Close enough!
Couldn't they also just trade the player picked with that?
Uh maybe calm the fuck down NBC, just said McDavid had all the best qualities if Orr, Gretzky and Lemieux combined. HAHAHAHA Fuck off.
I am HYPE
Unfortunately the best we can move up today is 1 spot :(
No hitter
It's a joke.
This guy really thinks that beard and rat tail look good?
Two run home run
haha Rua looking like a fool
WTF PIllar
Blow out then brown out more like, since they look like shit
Overager. If you look through top CHL scorers every year, you'll see a lot of the top guys never get drafted at all.
Ranked 50th - Nobody has heard of. wut?
Joey clutch
Maybe Sweeney's screen wouldn't turn on so he just clicked around wildly until something went through?
Why was it so defiant though?
Jrts are used to kill raccoons that outweigh them 2 to 1. Comparing them to cats is a little stupid.
Deer will stop and stare, they think they're moving but they go nowhere.
Guess he never heard of playing possum
Then you're just losing. Tanking is the act of losing purposely
Lllololololololo
Lol at "for every good move Colorado made they followed it up with a puzzling one" what? Probably the most intelligent off season for Colorado in their history and it's not even free agency yet.
And as far as I know, if you step on one of those you'll fall and break your back. It's a well known fact of life.
I hope you're joking. I think someone can criticize what appears to be a nation's "Best athletes" in that specific sport and they can't even do an extremely simple dive.
Oh...well!..oh :(
Because Sandoval had already started running as Martin was still turning to run the other way. Momentum man, how does it work!?
Then there's Gavin Free who says you can survive if you get a good enough slope to run down.
I never measure, I just take a mouthful out of the bottle. I usually pass right out within an hour or so
Good guess, but I don't think so. My memory is definitely foggy but I think the graphical presentation was a little bit better than that (so it might be a newer game than 1994). Also watching the video, I don't remember having all the text screens that this fellow has that's playing.
Found it, it's Conquest of the New World. Amazing game!
The bridge is usually 2 years and it would leave them with one year of rfa rights that give them more control Then usually is when they get the big payday for 5-8 years
I'm sure some days are a lot busier than others though and it brings the average down with Sundays and such. So I'm sure a lot of days are 2-300,000
I call it Turnip
it's a common name for rutabaga, not my invention, hence the confusion
Well I'm from Ontario, so I guess it leaked into our lexicon as well
Then you realized cancer doesn't cause hair loss, only treatment of cancer. I think you'd know if he was going through heavy chemo
This creeped me out... Since my uncles name is Theo Jansen
I just punch the shit down when needed
You can basically fill an old sock with rice, tie the end and heat it in the microwave. I don't know about not turning on the heat though, as within an hour those will be cold again and you'll just wake up freezing.
Usually I'm warmer than most, just not in the mornings. So you have no heat on in your home at night?
Fair enough. I usually have the thermostat set lower, but it will come on if it falls below that temp.
Except oculus has been hugely popular with most that have used it and it at best uses a controller, or keyboard and mouse. Hopefully its an option to use either motion or ds4.
I don't know if this is a spoiler for you or not, but I believe he just abandons long war unfortunately. Really upset me when I watched so long
Yeah, its one of the first series I watched from NL. I'm up to date on his latest series currently, I just hope he doesn't abandon it with XCOM 2 on the horizon.
I never finished the series but did he mention anything at the end of darkest dungeon? Or did it just end as well? I don't want to watch the next 30 episodes to find out he just abandoned it too.
Yeah, anytime Chicago plays in Colorado you can hear them chanting all game. I wouldn't doubt it's 40% chicago fans at those games. Though it doesn't help that the Pepsi center usually sounds like a funeral service.
I doubt they'd put him on the top line, at least, they shouldn't.
Well that's the shittiest list I've ever seen. Guess I won't be skipping out for any games this year.
Yeah I loved the graphic they showed last night during the game. Most points in Western conference in the last month. Colorado - 18 Chicago - 18 St.Louis/Minnesota/Dallas - 16 So despite being tied for most points in the entire conference for an entire month, they essentially made 0 ground in the division.
Ah chicken, for the "I don't really want to fully commit" Vegan
Go ahead
Yet his apology video is full of comments supporting him still. If you go to Tony's channel there are still people in there, even when he's not streaming just spewing hatred.
A lot of it seems to be saying that Tony should be thanking Keemstar for his fame, and then he is a "famedigger". As if he went out looking for this attention or something. I'm really tired of the 12-16 year old demographic.
I've never heard anything but hate for COD campaigns so I'm not sure where that is coming from either.
Excite Bike also had a soccer mode within it.
Yeah Cohh does for sure. I think it's even a decent amount.
What about when taxes take about 600M of it?
Except you wouldn't be a billionaire. You lose at least 25% immediately, and then a whole hell of a lot more to taxes either immediately or at the end of the year. You'd be about a 600 millionaire. Not that that's terrible or anything.
Then there was no need to bring it up in the first place "Before anyone decides to come on here and bring this up, let me just say you're all idiots" is basically what you said.
Yeah you showed them. Instead of moving and being back in bed in 5 minutes, where you were already out of bed to complain you decided to push it to be a big shot and waited much longer. If they even bothered to move the other people or even talk to them at all. Wow, good work. Applause.
How the hell is this so hard to understand? The chances of there being a 1B jackpot in a 5 YEAR PERIOD is up to 60%. That is all.
Currently maybe not, but he is old as shit now
Because Mr. Edge wouldn't be able to take the thought of this guy getting so much money for "nothing" when he only gets his weekly allowance from his parents.
How do you get the doors open while holding onto the cables jack? How do you even get from the taught cables through an opening if the doors were open?
Gotta get that political statement in there
Most police dogs I've seen in k9 cars bark like crazy too, since the handler isn't there. Though you'd think they'd be better behaved anyway. Doesn't really reflect on their ability to do their job when working though
Um, I know nothing about military, but I believe a "Chill Chief" would be a chief (assuming commanding officer) who is chill (relaxed/easy going)
So? He wasn't using military jargon, he was just saying a chill chief.
The point is it doesn't matter if it's a military term, "chief" is a universal term for the person in charge. I was guessing at what a "chill chief" would be referring to, since it was basically said "I don't know what a chill chief is" like that was an official position
Why the hell are you being down voted? That's what the area is for and we have them in Canada too. I guess the British get a second cart if they have have large items.
"Your" Fucking try again.
Mine too
If you play 1 game you're an alumni of that team. It really only indicates a former player. Also his number is retired there, argue that all you want but obviously they see him as a big part of a Stanley cup winning team. So yes.
Because he can't use his arms
I can't see how that would help anything at all.
I think you severely overestimate the money made from a single video
7.7 Mil what? Dollars? No
Oh okay my bad. I'm subbed to them but unfortunately don't have a lot of time to watch anymore
Tanks are plastic these days
Depends on age. I haven't seen a metal tank on a lawnmower in probably 20 years at least
How would a higher minimum wage increase the quality of the people getting the lowest wage jobs? Would those people just stop working?
This is missing all of his sweet sweet country mentions. Shame
Canada finally got rid of them.
unlikely since it's a national broadcast. So unless you're using a vpn or live outside of North america it won't be on there
Yeah, one outlier makes them not the worst offensive team in the league
Please stop using those websites, it's not even a ball park figure it's just a random guess.
You've selected powerdrive!
Probably to prevent the abuse that could happen. Ring up a few thousand dollars in charges and charge back. Continue life as normal?
Dallas Stars...women...yeah it sounds about right.
All Julies are better than our Julie
I mean, we allowed like 45 shots and over 100 shot attempts. I don't think we deserved to beat you. Hard to say we have you figured out. Varlamov is just god sometimes.
Yeah and a lot of other teams. .972sv% in the last 4 games overall averaging 35.5 SA per game
Canadian here and I get kicked too with one other watching even in the same house. So not sure what the deciding factor is. Some get booted others let half the population of India on at once and it works fine
Your* /s
But they also last for like months in the fridge
Problem is he doesn't play every popular game that comes out even if he hates the game, simply to pander. His style also doesn't lend itself to children as the most popular YouTubers do. It's a lot harder to gain the older demographic.
That's exactly what I mean. His sense of humour and commentary is way above the heads of the majority of YouTubes let's play audience, they wouldn't know a quarter of the shit he's even talking about. Hence the older, better, but smaller audience.
I don't know about high brow, just well beyond the years of most of the demographic that watch YouTube game play videos
yeah but usually scores go down over time, not up
Most he does now is 2 per day. Usually 3-4 videos total including other series. He used to do 3 Isaac, at least over the last year. I didn't watch prior to that so it's possible he used to do 5-6 but be doesn't anymore. It's been 2 since afterbirth came out.
Hmm, sounds racist
Didn't he throw both?
How old? I read somewhere I believe that before a certain age they won't really taste the sourness. Ours is going on 14 months and has only recently started reacting to sour and bitter foods. Previously lemon and dill Pickles had no reaction at all
Let's put on capes and sunglasses, then skate backwards holding a vanity mirror over our shoulder to see the net! Lolololololol Fucking joke
I forgot it wasn't to show skill moves but for "most retarded player wins"
And the all Star game is universally said to be a farce, am I missing something?
I could be wrong, but I always heard that cabovers were mainly phased out in NA due to safety. I believe they've started coming back now with better safety standards.
Of course you can. You can basically map any control to any button you want, complete mapping. Nobody said anything about fwd/reverse being tied to a thumb stick.
Yes, but if a business is already "barely getting by", they obviously can't afford any raise in wages.
Our teachers really fucked up when telling us about 9/11. Refused to say anything other than their had been an attack on the United states and to go home and talk to our parents. So here I am thinking like ww3 had kicked off with a nuke strike or some crazy shit.
Something like the question "what frozen substance is hockey played on?"..."ICE!". wrong bitch it's water.
Male doctors use a special instrument
It was on the front when it happened months ago
That wasn't the shootout challenge.
Anyone have a screen cap of bettman and fehr talking? So frigging creepy
Yeah you should probably do even the slightest amount of research before doing things like that
Not sure why you're being down voted for being correct all over this thread.
When the shooter ran into the Parliament buildings in Ottawa a couple years back (last year?) there were reports of like 3-4 shooters in different spots within a 1km radius or so because some undercover/off duty cops decided to do their part. So people started reporting all these people with firearms. Although, I'd like to think it's fairly obvious to tell how a LEO is behaving vs an active shooter.
First Tuesday of the month as they always are (unless the first is a Tuesday I don't think they do it then)
This just seems to be a variant of the old joke about the wife seeing who she thinks is her husband working under their car, grabs his dick and the not-husband who is actually under the car smashes his forehead in surprise.
Would it be any quieter at all? That scene pisses me off now haha
[The Arrow](http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0118641/) it's actually on YouTube I see as well. I haven't watched it for probably close to 20 years.
She would need to be a hell of a glue.
The same people that believe they drive better when drunk? Whether you think, or they think they function the same, you're both wrong. Those teachers are pieces of shit as well.
Yeah that's great. Whatever makes you feel better about being a terrible parent. Why exactly is it bad to do while watching someone else's child and not your own? I guess basically, you think it's fine but don't want a confrontation with another parent who disagrees I guess?
I mean I'm guessing that watching any kid be shot would be upsetting though.
Yep from barely standing and only goo goo gaga'ing to running and talking for ours between 12-18 months.
So what's it like having a million dollar home?
Ah I miss living in my mom's basement. Unfortunately I grew up and left at 17.
Hate to tell you but there is no real period of a child's life where that's possible. When they're newborns to 6 months old, they'll be up almost constantly and they're not quiet. They're either hungry, thirsty, have a dirty diaper or want to sleep and they make a LOT of noise while wanting those things. After that, they'll start sleeping through most of the night (hopefully) so at least then you can just be up playing games if you wish. Though there's nothing like staying up until 2-3am with a silent sleeping baby upstairs, you finally crawl into bed and they're up for 2 hours immediately.
Most people do.
I might officially be done with this team, and maybe hockey in general after 20 years. The entire management and coaching staff are a joke. Fuck you Patrick Roy, and fuck you Joe Sakic. At one point you were heroes of mine, but you're just pieces of shit now.
It's been lost since about 2004 for me. Not sure how the hell you've held on this long. Just one long joke.
Sorry. I had the same sort of plans. "oh no worries honey, I'll get up with the baby" mostly on weekend nights where I didn't mind being up half the night anyway. Believe me, it was not usually a fun experience haha
I feel bad for content providers that lose views to gifs these days.
Lol at 1 billion coming anywhere close to paying for Olympics. Even the worst Olympics in history.
Yeah he will only be like 41 then. Only
"86'd" is a super common term for a lot of people and is not specific to the casino industry in any way.
In what way is it passed on to me? I don't get charged monthly for the cost of my phone. Unless you just mean the carrier charges more for their services because they're not getting as much for the phone.
Same here. Huge Garth fan. Born in 89 parents listened to him all through my childhood. They also liked old country so I love that too. Can't fucking stand anything on the radio today. Have you went to see him on his tour by the way?
My a fool what?
Why would you show random friends this pod cast if they're not already major fans of roosterteeth or achievement hunter? Nobody would ever want to watch this if they weren't already fans regardless of what they talk about. It's basically inside joke the podcast most of the time.
Ex girlfriend often made these threats to me as well, trying to get an emotional response from me. Eventually I just hung up on her called 911 knowing full well it was bullshit then called her back so I could listen as 2 cop cars a fire truck and ambulance all showed up at her door. She didn't make those threats anymore.
Please don't take this as insensitive, I just am curious on numbers of civilians in the same bracket that also commit suicide. For comparison sake.
Oh yes I'm delusional. Recall about 15 episodes ago when they brought up the reviews of the podcast on iTunes where people who didn't know who they were said it was the dumbest thing they've ever listened to? There's a reason for that. They're constantly referencing videos they've shot recently. They're constantly calling back to old jokes. If you don't know the relationship between these people from hours and hours of watching you're going to have no idea whats going on. Good luck though. More viewers the better, but this is not the platform to introduce people. Show them game play videos if they're not into that, perhaps you're barking up the wrong tree trying to interest them anyway.
Well even just seeing that it's "only" 117 vs 22 approximately 5 times the amount but obviously much more than 5 times the population shows its a MUCH higher percentage.
So "driving it" is speeding up and slowing down at random? It's more that someone without cruise control intends to maintain an exact speed and will vary 10mph constantly without knowing it. The same people you attempt to pass and then have them speed up while you're in the act of passing. Only to have to pass again 3 minutes later. Otherwise known as idiots and terrible drivers.
First clue before any of that is typing like someone with a third grade education. "r" "u" "2" I will immediately stop talking to you forever.
What if she's only ever seen foot pedal ones? Have fun with that.
He won't be
Are you counting only those that died immediately/in the days and weeks after? Because a lot of people died months and years afterwards.
I guess you don't deal with French people much. They never stop hand gesturing especially when frustrated or flabbergasted.
Life's easy when you're living with mom
What's funny is you tagged his name in this post and added a note about how he's your hero and everything just in case he does see the message. Whereas you could have just said "Arnold" or something which would guarantee he doesn't see it. I see what you did.
Volume doesn't drop. It just doesn't let you go higher at a certain point. Unless both my s3 and S7 have different features than yours. This message only comes up when you're actually turning the volume up and hit a certain level,at that point the message comes up, the music continues at current level. You can then hit okay and turn it up the rest of the way. Again unless somehow mine acts different due to location or something. I've listened for hours on end and it has never popped up on its own without the volume being increased.
I don't think the app matters, it's just the volume setting on the phone itself. Play music here and I get the message, different phone though.
All meat has expiry dates for if it's refrigerated only. Why would they list it for anything else. Put it a year away for freezing? No.
Kitty puncher
Why did you post this like 15 times?
Just never been out of his mom's basement
Yeah I started it last night at around 6pm. Thinking I might get a game in last night. By midnight I had 1.5gb downloaded. Top notch speed Sony, thanks.
Maybe that will help my girlfriends aquarium plants. Zzzzzip
But never thought to google it eh?
I guess it might be a game changer for some, but the game is they same for you.
My sister used to work at Tim Hortons and often cops would give the cost of the food as a tip. Of course others were just super entitled about their free coffee as well.
Depends on if those people would have even bought the game in the first place if pirating wasn't an option. Maybe some would have, maybe some bought the game after playing the pirated version for awhile. It's pretty hard to quantify.
How did he think that could work more than once or twice? They will quickly remember your face, obviously.
Netflix likes to do their "collections" which is like 20 random episodes out of 200
Maybe they used speech to text.
I expected a few cheese curds and a bit of gravy with an actual patty. Instead I got three fries, some shredded cheese a shit load of gravy and a small piece of cardboard
Gets drunk at 2 special events you've ever seen. Must be an out of control alcoholic who needs immediate help!!
Captain always gets the cup first.
Or you know this is a famous saying about the cup. Either you've made this up to sound cool or your dad is trying to play it off to sound smart
Let me try and clear it up. /u/ultimategrid said that he is against hooking live vertebrates because it's fucked up. Someone countered that minnows are vertebrates. /u/ultimategrid said that minnows can be bought frozen and therefore you do not have to hook a living minnow. You then said mice can be bought frozen. Unfortunately, what you're saying has no bearing on the discussion, because /u/ultimategrid already isn't hooking live mice so being able to purchase frozen mice is not useful information to him. He already has his own perfectly dead mice to use. Does that help at all?
Even looking at a map and copying it I'd be impressed if you got the dimensions this close. I won't believe any copy you do is done without staring at another actual map though. You sound like someone from /r/iamverysmart
And if everyone does this whose cable do you mooch off of? That's not a solution to anything.
I don't have cable. I just like the thought process of "fuck cable companies" and then continuing to use their services through some other means.
Yeah they should release it in a year with a card that hasn't been invented yet and not tell anyone the price until the day it releases so they can get the newest card available. They certainly don't need to give games developers a heads up on what they're developing for or anything. You're right!
What card did you get three years ago that was doing 4k? I'm interested
Do developers not need time to make games for it?
Just means you've never tried it. Some, like myself are hyped without trying it, but I think if you did try it you'd be hooked. I haven't read many people that have tried good vr and disliked it.
Yes
Of course it will
So don't buy it. What's funny is kinect was hardly implemented into ANY game hence it's failure.
Cool. Except VR is becoming huge. Especially on pc. There is no reason to believe vr is going to be a gimmick that fails immediately.
Wow 4 people cheered
Realize you didn't miss much other than resident evil 7
They confirmed it's a thing. They also confirmed they would not be talking about it at e3
Ah forgot that since it didn't really blow me away. My bad
That's exactly why they didn't say anything. They're going to change their specs now before saying anything. They're also going to release probably close to a year earlier than Microsoft. Will people wait?
Yeah nothing better than listening to pr people drone on with a bunch of sales pitches and lies.
Why do you think they didn't show it as intended. They're going to be going back to the drawing board on the neo now that xbox embarrassed them on the console upgrade front
Unless insiders already knew what Microsoft had. Nothing is making you purchase it so you're free to stay out of the "cash grab" if it's only a cash grab it will have no affect on you.
Of world war z? It's a movie..
Bigger hero than the cowardly cops anyway.
Boo hoo
Would be a bit harder if the shark was really fighting back but they're not that heavy at 7 feet (200lb give or take) if he had a good grip in shallow water it's not that crazy of a feat.
I don't know if you want to buy me a call to discuss the y u of a feat the same time as the screen and security of the city of Toronto and the new cards have little or no current day.
Wait 16 has split screen? I passed on it because I assumed it wouldn't. Played it on pc with my gf on another pc for awhile until her pc died. Didn't want to buy a second ps4 to play this game so forgot about it.
You should probably not pass judgement until you've tried it. I always laughed at it too, until I tried last year's version. It's extremely fun to chill out, and keeps you hooked trying to grow the farm and get bigger and better equipment.
I can't believe you've done this
Being Canadian doesn't excuse you from failing to see this clearly isn't a police officer.
But they did attempt to do exactly that going after anyone, including Ellen for doing anything related to reactions to various products.
Someone mentioned there's a playstation attendant there who wipes it down after each use.
I could be wrong but I don't think the onion would cook right. Baked stuff never gets they right crisp either
You can set the ini or whatever to skip it. That's what I did basically right away
The #1 mental disorder among them? Being vegan
Good thing @midnight has pre-written jokes and not actual improv then.
Even in the US, your chances of getting salmonella from a raw egg is astronomically low. So even if standards were the same in the US the chance of you getting salmonella from the handful of times you've had Rae egg would probably be about the same as winning the lottery.
Except if you've ever seen the movie you can read this in their voices and it sounds exactly right for how they talk.
I like it still being taboo because unlike just about every other curse word it can still actually catch people off guard when you use it. Nobody cares if you say fuck. But if you tell someone to "fuck off you stupid cunt" well that has more impact.
Ottawa overrated and overpriced stand for hours in a crowd-fest
Needs more JPEG
And about 20,000 of those in this parade even knew there was an ahl team in the town
Nothing better than editing text mid typing pretending like you can't take back what you've typed out, before you've even submitted it in they first place. I fuck farm animals, ah geez, /runs away
Farming Simulator ;)
With a larger scale I could see them adding towns. I know they often were adding 3-5 towns throughout Europe in ETS2 with each update which was usually a monthly thing I believe. Haven't played in a long time now and usually had a modded map but I wouldnt give up on them adding more towns to the map they already have.
It'll probably never get where you want it to be then. Even in ets2 with major map mods on. Running from the UK to Russia was I think about 90 minutes real time
I'm surprised of this was in the works they didn't just make Arizona in the new scale. I know in ets2 the rest of the game was made at a different scale from the original release
Agreed, I just wasn't sure how big you wanted. I mean even with this upgrade it's only going to change that 15 minute trip to like 27.
Nah they'll need at least 6 years of school and 10 years of experience in a job that hasn't existed yet before they can be hired for that.
So 2 grand with a pc
Those people coming here from r/all suddenly interested in vr "should already have a vr capable gaming pc"? Yeah okay.
I'm well aware of the rx480 thanks though
You don't save 0.01
Both were free in the last year however for those than had PS+
Gift gold to civilization 100 times in a couple thousand years to keep them afloat. Finally don't give them gold one time. "YOU HAVE BEEN DENOUNCED"
Probably makes about twice that in endorsements
And suddenly a bunch of people in here realize they're falling in love with a 13 year old.
And 15
If you're looking for defense, subban has never and will never be better. Overall? Hard to say today, subban going forward.
Anymore *
