The answer to that question is probably very NSFW.
This is expensive, but worth it overall. The Saints need to establish anchors on their defense to build around, and I think Cam Jordan is one of them.
I've been having to compensate by actually paying attention to basketball and baseball. Sucks being a Reds fan this year...
[Some of us like demopans better than plans](http://i.imgur.com/f05xm.jpg)
Something something Playoff Eli Manning
But does your smile melt hearts?
This is the best of the Bad Lip Readings imo.
[Cam makings the Falcons miss](http://i.imgur.com/3bMngYm.gifv)
[Gano doesn't care what you're doing](http://i.imgur.com/D9t1Ht6.webm)
&gt; They're just loud Exactly. It's the loud annoying storms that you hear, not the small, soft whispers of the breeze, but the breeze makes up more of the wind than the occasional storms do.
The honoable mention he said about the Panthers O-line was fair, but his reasoning was off. He's right about Oher, but I don't think Daryl Williams will start opposite him, at least not until late in the season. We will probably roll with Mike Remmers going forward, and if he turns out to be Nate Chandler 2.0 then we'll play Daryl Williams. Williams is raw, though he apparently impressed our O-line coach so far. For what it's worth.
Someone posts it almost daily in /r/panthers. We can't not upvote that gif.
So...Roar?
I was thinking Confuse Ray but I like that one better.
Torment works well, because Philbin torments Dolphins fans.
Oh yeah.
Well, we already had a post about Von Miller farting, so anything could be next!
I hate going against Blissey. A troll pokemon.
I also had trouble with Miltank, though never Slaking because I always caught a Skarmory before facing Norman. My worst opponent was always Lance in GSC because I never caught an ice-type for that sweet 4x bonus against his dragons.
You are so right on Schiano.
Steve Smith lays out would-be tacklers like they aren't even there. He is the best downfield blocker I have ever seen.
I always had a team of six or seven that I had grinded up, so when I hit level 50 I was so sick of grinding by then I just rolled with it.
Did you at least walk out with a huge Cam Newton on your face?
This took a rather dark turn...
Exactly. That tweet was unbelievably stupid, even for Hardy. 1) You don't make 9/11 jokes on twitter. 2) Kelvin Benjamin and Greg Olsen are both 6'5". Devin Funchess is only 6'4". If you use his line of "logic", the Panthers had the twin towers last year. This year we'll have three of them. 3) You don't shit on a team that paid you 13 million to sit on your ass for 15 games because you did some dumb shit. No wonder the Big Cat didn't want him back. Of course, after that picture he took of his speedometer above 100 mph, you knew he wasn't the brightest bulb on the string anyway.
Exactly. Many of these guys grew up as college football fans more than NFL fans, so not knowing who's in what division is not unreasonable.
I do that every once in a while. I will forget the word for something because my mind is already on something else. It's embarrassing but it doesn't mean I'm stupid.
You're a Weird Al fan. Good! You dress up as Boba Fett. Awesome! You're a Pats fan. Well, two out of three isn't bad as far as your taste goes... But seriously, good on ya, mate!
True. MJ couldn't get it done until Pippen and Grant came to town, and later Rodman.
Please do it; you're going to rerank them anyway.
Cam is low, but because he runs for TDs (which are not factored in this post) he really should be higher.
Vontaze Burfict. Matt Ryan. Ben Roethlisberger For owners and coaches, Gregg Williams, Jeff Fisher, and Dan Snyder.
And Roman Harper doesn't play like the old man he is. And Stewart has a full healthy season.
...to other teams.
Medic with the Black Box Shotgun Disciplinary Action Why this is awesome: - Black Box and Shotgun can deal a ton of damage at both medium range and short range - The combo of explosive damage + bullet damage can counter pretty much anything - Passive health regeneration + 15HP/hit makes the medic effectively have more than 150 HP - Medic is faster than any class but Scout, but with 25 more base health and said health regen - Disciplinary Action gives you and a teammate a short speed boost and has more range than any other melee weapon - Medic also seems to crit more often with his melee swings so the 25% less damage on the Disciplinary Action is not a huge downside. The inability to kill pyros, demos, and medics with one crit swing is muted by the ability to finish them off with a shotgun (if you can do at least 30 damage with it, which you should at short range) - I also considered the Solemn Vow instead of the Disciplinary Action, because the ability to see the health of the enemy forces is very powerful. However, it would be less useful in competitive, where if you can count and communicate with your team, you know about how much health everyone has
...which you got gold for.
White Conerbacks of the NFL.
As a Christian I believe that everybody faces consequences for their actions eventually, so it doesn't worry me overmuch. I also think (at the risk of being downvoted even more) that the proportion of youth that are nasty isn't much greater, it's just that their voices are more loudly heard so it seems like they are the majority when they are the minority. It's a problem that the youth are rude and stupid, but not one that is all of a sudden popping up with this new generation.
Hey, Timothy Zahn reference on r/nfl! Greatest Star Wars series ever...
Matt Ryan is almost likeable.
Am with you except for \#3. There are too many blatantly wrong calls that umpires make.
Wait, where are they? I am a Panthers fan in Louisville and thought I was the only one.
As someone who works in a warehouse where there is a shit ton of dust in the air and the closest bathroom is at least a 2 minute walk away, plus I really can't leave my work area for near that long, yes, I spit. I don't spit where people walk, but I do spit. It's tough doing my job with a touch of asthma without spitting. Granted, I only spit a couple times every night, but I do spit.
I wonder how that 15% looks over the whole of the hedge fund managers. It might be a more reasonable percentage for the vast majority of hedge funds that don't make such a huge profit. I honestly have no idea whether that is the case or not, though. It could be far too low for all I know.
I actually do this as a part of my normal laughter.
Hug Gronk. Get it right. Everybody loves Gronk. Kuechly just loves him a little more than most.
Room 1 is already full.
**The Uberbomber** *Ze victim is fully charged!* ~~**Ubercharge instantly refills target's clip and provides decayless overheal on both medic and target**~~ ~~**25% fire rate and 50% reload speed on target during uber**~~ ~~*Medic and target take 20% extra damage from fire and bleed during uber*~~ ***** This will provide a massive amount of damage output on soldiers, demos and heavies. However, the medic and their target are not invulnerable. The instant overheal does not replenish, so if someone can do 225 damage to the medic, they will die even during uber. Plus, if a pyro can sneak up behind the combo, they will be able to easily take out both.
[Looks like the deal is for three years (including this year) for $18M.](https://twitter.com/josephperson/status/610508836546461696) He's worth it.
That last line made me laugh. Good one, mate!
I told my coworker about that particular voice line tonight. He loved it so much that he said he plans to yell it out loud every time he sees a duck. Seeing as he is 6'3" and is ripped as fuck, I really want to know how the people around him will react.
It's a nice change.
As someone who lives in Louisville...fuck Petrino. We hate him too.
I think I read that book years ago.
Whatever floats your boat.
Best non-Jacksonville mascot!
Or, "We should have kept Hardy"
I hate these articles that I can't view because I'm not a subscriber to Charlotte Observer.
I can't see Wes Horton or Mario Addison holding down the position. Ealy could break out, and I hope he does. I am not sold on Frank Alexander. He has good camps, but we haven't seen anything on the field to suggest he will be our answer moving forward.
So am I
It's hard as hell for us lefties though.
Lafell had so many more drops with us than he did with the Patriots. How is that Cam's fault? Steve Smith and Greg Olsen have been our only good reliable targets for Cam. Add in that Cam was injured all of last season, had no training camp to spend with his crop of *completely new receivers*, and still we had 2 guys hit 1000 yards, including Kelvin Benjamin who has no YAC ability and drops the ball a lot. Our O-line was so bad last year that we frequently had to keep Olsen or our other TE Ed Dickson back to block. Yet Olsen still hit 1000 yards. The Panthers are a run-first offense. We pound the ball and control the time of possesion and wear down the defense. In 2013, when we could do that because we actually had an O-line, running backs that weren't hurt all the damn time, and a healthy Cam, we went 12-4. Cam is not Aaron Rodgers or Tom Brady where they will play well in almost any situation. Those two are the elite of the elite. But Cam is a damn good QB in his own right. He's a different player than those two. He's not elite, and very few people argue that he is. But he deserves credit for accomplishing what he has with what he has around him.
So I hate the Blackhawks now. I work at UPS and every next day air package (plus whatever day shift doesn't get done, which is a lot) that goes to Chicago comes to my belt. Needless to say we got destroyed this week. We got the same volume that we get during peak season, but with eight people handling the shit rather than 12 or 13. I didn't work on this belt the last time they won, but according to management this year was worse than the previous ones. I will now root against the Blackhawks till the day I die because it fucking sucked this week.
Hey, virtual reality is the only reality in which the Bucs will win the Super Bowl, so why not?
Please do not insult me for having a different opinion than you. Most teams (not all) have options beyond two receivers. Cam does not. Lafell was bad when he was with us, and don't blame Cam for that. Other than Lafell, Cam's third options have been Ted Ginn, old-as-fuck Jerricho Cotchery, Domenik Hixon, and undrafted rookie Corey Brown. And like I said, Greg Olsen has spent a lot of time being forced to block for our sorry O-line. The sole reason our O-line isn't ranked lower is because Cam manages to make plays outside the pocket. It's the same with Seattle - their O-line was mediocre on a good day, bjt because Russell Wilson could make plays while running for his life, their line ranked higher than it actually was. Byron Bell, our left tackle last year, was the worse left tackle in the league. Our center, Ryan Kalil, is great at run blocking but really bad at pass blocking. Cam has gotten hit more than any other quarterback since he came into the league, and it isn't even close. I think Tannehill is number 2, by the way. Kudos to him for staying healthy. As for our running backs: The Panthers had 9 games last year where we had *either* DeAngelo Williams or Jonathan Stewart healthy. The Panthers went 7-2 in those games. The other games involved us starting Fozzy Whittaker and Chris Ogbonnaya. And nobody argues that either Williams or Stewart is a pro bowl back. As long as the Panthers have one competent back, they tend to win. We don't need Jamaal Charles or Marshawn Lynch to win, we just need average. Cam isn't Tom Brady. He can't do everything. But to say he hasn't accomplished anything is absurd. He willed our team to the playoffs last year. Did you see that game against the Cardinals? He was hurting like hell by the third quarter. His receivers were playing like shit. Both our tackles took a huge dump in the playoffs. Yet he kept getting up and fucking willed our team to victory. Cam kept us in that Seattle game into the third quarter. He marched us down the field, down by one touchdown, and a miscommunication with Ed Dickson led to a pick six. Mostly Cam's fault, of course, but to go toe-to-toe with that Seattle defense in Seattle and keep them honest is no mean feat. Especially just four weeks removed from a back injury in a car accident that takes 6-8 weeks to heal. Cam has done more than anyone asked of him. He has done his part, made his teammates better, kept his nose clean (not even a hint of a scandal), won games that we should have lost, played through a shit ton of pain, and never ever blamed other people for our heartbreaking losses even though they shared just as much responsibility with him. I don't want Cam to be Tom Brady or Aaron Rodgers or Russell Wilson. I want him to be Cam. He gets better every year, and I think he can lead us to a Super Bowl.
I was worried about that. I am leaning towards agreeing with you. I wish I could test this and see how easily droppable a medic is with and without the change.
Is Marvel Heroes a good entry into MMOs for people who haven't played one before? I tried playing SWTOR, and got three hours into it before quitting because I had no idea what the hell was going on.
It depends on the server, really.
Exactly. The character Revan has in TOR isn't even close to what was revealed about him in the first two games.
Brett Favre two plays from now is the poor man's Brett Favre from two plays ago.
"Wait, who gathered 10,000 goat cheese wheels and tossed them off the Empire State Building? I'll get that lollygagger despite my bad knee!"
Went to a new church today. I left my old church two weeks ago. I made a mistake by getting angry and insulted my sunday school teacher. She ended up quitting being the teacher because of my insult. I was willing to make it up to her and the church but reading between the lines, they didn't really want me to. The only person that tried to get me to come back was the youth minister, and I am 23! I left because I don't want to be part of a church that doesn't allow its members to be human. I spent 7 years at that church. I thought I was happy there but looking back, I really wasn't. Maybe this was a good thing; I dunno. So I visited a Church of Christ last week and visited a Christian Church this week. Neither stood out to me, though one week is a small sample size.
Nope, though my family did attend Providence Road CoC when we lived in Charlotte. I grew up mostly Christian church, but I am more than willing to expand beyond that. I am honestly not sure what denomination fits my beliefs so I will just look for a church that seems friendly and makes me feel like I belong. I love being active in church and contributing and my last church didn't really want me to do anything actually useful.
I confess to knowing very little about the ACNA. Never been to one or any like it.
I agree with the "fuck Drew Brees" but not because he's a "pussy ass bitch." He's actually pretty damn tough. He keeps getting up no matter how many times he's sacked and still plays at a high level well into the 4th quarter.
Hope we play you guys because /r/CatTeamBrotherhood.
He's the only alternative. Those two were the best centers of the 2000s.
When I grow up I want to have a leg just half as good as the Third Leg of Greg
It's not entirely fair, but I would blame the NFL more than Brees.
Probopass. Catch it as a Nosepass, then level it up as soon as possible in New Mauville. Give it Power Gem, Earth Power, Discharge, and either Sandstorm or Rest. Or you could give it both Sandstorm and Rest and get rid of Discharge. Lots of type coverage there. It has enough defense to withstand a supereffective fighting or ground attack, and its attack is good enough. I like it because it's a challenge to use but totally viable.
Can't believe I forgot about that. Thanks, mate!
Intentional. Reflects Pyro's ambiguous gender.
He deserves it. He was a leader for the Panthers for some really happy years and he represented both the Panthers and the state of Louisiana impeccably.
Panthers fan here. As a fan of JJ Watt, don't worry about it. I've had to deal with Steve Smith hate for a long time and while Smitty has done more to deserve it, he's also a great man and a fierce competitor. Just ignore it. r/nfl has to make sure they have someone to hate on for a while. They might come around, they might not. When JJ Watt is putting up huge numbers every week, the more reasonable people will start loving him again.
And Julio Jones, at least this past year.
Whoa, they ate a Packers fan? Good for them.
I'm getting a bit of a *League of Extraordary Gentlemen* vibe here...
My take: Best: Pretty country, low cost of living, welcoming people, college basketball. Worst: If you get offended easily don't come here. Most people don't give a shit if you happen to get offended by them. People don't try to offend you, but if it happens don't expect them to care or change.
Man I played that back when I had a full head of hair and Coruscant was just a little town with a well, hahaha.
That sick, twisted Borderlands humor was done so perfectly in the sequel. And the story was interesting, all the vault hunters were fun as fuck to play, and Tiny Tina's DLC is the best DLC I have ever played.
Team Fortress 2. It is a weird game that somehow works. It's a cartoony class-based FPS that is eternally on the edge of being broken but manages to have rewarding gameplay for every class. The hats make it fun to deck out your character and do silly things. A demoman with a kilt, an afro that is on fire, and a treasure chest full of liquor on his back? Sure! A heavy that looks like Gaben? Possible! The taunts are great. Everything from the scout pulling out a bucket of chicken and munching on a drumstick to the engineer pulling out a lawn chair (with umbrella) and drinking beer. And the demoman pulling up his tunic to reveal a smiley face on his crotch. And the mods for it are amazing. Randomizer, prophunt, the hidden, x10, x10 randomizer, super smash bros, mario kart, bumper cars, jailbreak, class warfare, medieval mode... the list goes on forever.
Usually the first time I go to a girl's apartment, it's just stopping by on our way somewhere else. That's not intentional, but it always seems to happen. The first is dirty clothes. It's one thing to have dirty clothes on the floor of your bedroom. I mean, everyone does it every once in a while. You take off that shirt and just lay it over a chair or toss it on the floor. No big deal. Dirty clothes outside of the bedroom? Red flag. The bathroom must be fairly well-kept. There's a difference between clutter and a mess. Clutter is just having extra shit in there, maybe an empty shampoo bottle or toothpaste tube or maybe a bra hanging from the door. A mess is a pile of clothes on the floor, a dirty shower, a disgusting toilet, the distinctive smell of multiple used tampons, etc. Dirty dishes (glasses or plates or whatever) in the living room. Bags of chips and the like too. It's cool if you eat while watching TV, but take your food and shit back in the kitchen once you're done. It's like five steps, girl! When I do see her bedroom, I just don't like seeing dirty underwear or dirty sheets. Other than that, it's fine. Personally, I come from a family of slobs. My house was disgusting, and it was hard when I moved out to get in good habits. But damn it was worth it. I never feel ashamed of my placr, and my roommate and I do a good job of keeping it in decent condition. Sure, we have a cluttered coffee table and we need to dust and my desk is messy, but I never feel reluctant to invite a girl over.
As far as board games go, I love Scattergories. You can really interpret those categories creatively if you want to. Spades is the best card game ever invented, but Rook, Cribbage, Euchre, and Pit are close behind it. I also loved playing D&amp;D with my friends when we were in middle school. I sucked when it was my turn to DM, but we still had great fun traveling through absurdly laid-out dungeons and castles. And 9-ball pool is a ton of fun.
Is that a bad thing?
It helps that he plays the Falcons defense and the Saints defense twice each.
True, but Winston does have mobility, so he might be able to mitigate that to some extent.
The UPS Worldport facility is huge as fuck too. I work there, and damn it is massive.
Bene Benwikere. He had a good rookie season, but he didn't start until late in the year. Now he is definitely going to get a lot of playing time this year. He can play any cornerback position but he excels at the nickel spot. He worked hard this offseason and early reports of him so far in OTAs and such are glowing. Look for big things from him.
Interesting how DeAngelo Williams is 20th all time. He was a good back for us. He gets shit on a lot because he was overpaid (which is true), but we got good production out of him until last year.
According to this, the Panthers had the second-worst pass-blocking in the league. The Bucs were the only one worse than that. PFF is not a great indicator of actual grading the offensive lines, but their rankings are usually accurate (meaning the teams with good O-lines have better grades than teams with worse ones). Cam is gonna die this season, I fear.
Some people said last year was Josh Norman's make-or-break year. He made it. [Big time.](https://www.profootballfocus.com/blog/2015/02/13/sig-stats-ypcs-cornerbacks/) We haven't had a really good corner since Chris Gamble's prime years, and finally it looks like our secondary won't be a huge liability.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars. The old one for the xbox. It was a ton of fun.
YES. That means either the Panthers or Steve Smith get a ring.
Saints: Drew Brees is amazing, and you all have great food. Falcons: Matt Ryan is better than Cam (ugh), and Dan Quinn was a good hire. Bucs: I respect David and McCoy, and Evans is the real thing. Plus you guys have cannons. Whoa, gold! Thanks amigo! I hope the Falcons have an injury-free season!
Hardy is a bad boy, but I agree that Collins is innocent. My point is that after Hardy, our owner, Jerry Richardson, wanted nothing to do with any hint of off-field issues.
I am not sure about that one.
I miss Peppers. He played hard for us :(
'05 Panthers were better than the '03 ones, even though they didn't get as far.
Fuck yes.
When does he evolve into Dugtrio?
Y'ALL HAVE SCORED, WHAT, 23 POINTS TOTAL IN YOUR LAST 3 GAMES AGAINST US?
I remember watching him at Oregon. He was amazing.
Glenn Miller was the shit. I could listen to his swimg all day.
Agreed. It's only the bullshit clickbait articles that are saying we are not a true SB contender.
Your logic may be faulty. If you are going by wins above replacement (WAR), Cam is certainly more crucial to Carolina than Palmer is to Arizona. Without Cam, the Panthers would be a five- or six-win team. Without Palmer, the Cards would be an eight-win team. Thus, Cam's WAR is higher and thus he is more likely to be voted MVP. Again, both are having amazing years.
I guess she is interested in people with similar values/beliefs as her. Which I think is commendable, to a point.
That was very good clarification. I know many guys like that.
Rhen Var: Citadel and Tatooine: Dune Sea were amazing maps.
Man, I don't know who the fuck is on the Reds anymore. Our pitching rotation is Bailey, Desclafani, Iglesias, and who the fuck knows.
Or catch reliably...
Snoke is Jar Jar confirmed.
Still pretty enjoyable, at least once. Not sure how good it is of a rewatch.
Personally, I believe in you guys. If the 2000 Ravens could win it with whoever the hell they had at QB, you guys can win it with Peyton freaking Manning.
He did.
I hide from them at first and write down all the knowledge that I have about survival, technology, math, science, social behaviors, medicine, etc. I then make duplicates of it. I then write down the key stuff on a cave wall, engraved into the stone, then I go and tell as many of the preteens as would listen. I wouldn't try to govern them myself, but act as an impartial advisor who isn't caught up in the inevitable resulting factions.
Rice-based meals. Almost anything goes with rice. Get a rice cooker and a crock pot and you can make dozens of cheap but nutritious, tasty, and filling meals.
Emperors New Groove where they are trying to figure out how Yzma and Kronk got to the palace before Kuzco and Pacha. *"Well, you got me. By all accounts it doesn't make sense."*
Except that the map was a tool presented to the audience for the audience, so them talking about the map was leaning on the fourth wall at the very least.
I didn't even know she was a singer. I thought she was an actress. Shows you how well I pay attention to these things.
Ours does. It's New but still no one likes going there.
I think this one kind of blurs it though because of the way the map is handled.
Huh. TIL. She's not bad, either. Not my kind of mysic, but she's got a good voice.
But then what is the difference between a "Moneyball" approach and innovating a newer and less-used form of offense?
I know. I can't believe I missed it, with how often I visit here on my phone.
I heard people talking Nix, Wayne, Randy Moss (lol), and T.O. (lolol).
That's not remotely true. Brady has had inconsistent protection at best this year.
SHAWN SPENCER AND SH-COMMA-TO-THE-TOP-DYNASTY. *THAT'S GOD'S COMMA.*
I LIKE ALL THREE BBQ'S AND SKYLINE CHILI TOO SO I AM GOING TO SIT THAT THREAD OUT.
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW? YOU ONLY BECAME A FAN THREE YEARS AGO. AND IF BANDWAGONERS ARE PANTHERS FANS, WHY DO YOU STILL HAVE A SEAHAWKS FLAIR?
Gregg Williams just put a bounty on you...
NICE. I LIVED IN FORT MILL, BUT HAD A FRIEND IN GREENVILLE.
[Katyusha](https://youtu.be/2SLvtP6KMUM)
Lived near Asheville. Can confirm. Most of the city is blazed.
Luke Kuechly got ejected last year when a ref grabbed his arm from behind and, without looking behind to see who did it, Kuechly yanked his arm free. Most bullshit ejection I have ever seen.
And he was not trying for a tackle or a play on the ball. He was trying to hit Brown, and that basically removes any defense of "accidental" contact.
The NFL needs to change their intentional grounding rules. A QB should not be allowed to do that. I love Wilson, but that should be a penalty.
Seattle has been so lucky this season. This is just plain crazy. Well, welcome to Carolina! Good luck (you'll need all the luck to beat us).
If Seattle plays against us like they did today, we have nothing to worry about.
I was with you until your last statement. In my post, I specifically stated that I am no expert. There is no reason to be a dick about it.
Plus we play the NFC and AFC West next year, so you can be sure we'll fuck most of them up next year.
How about we welcome you by beating the snot out of the Seahawks?
My heart can't take another game like that.
He's good but they are lacking at talent overall.
I found the cruise control lever, but no sign of this "land changing thing"
Uh.... We gonna ruin your season this Sunday! *there that'll teach'em*
I guess those users would have to be chosen from their subreddits if we are doing a few from each team.
I mean, when you had Griffey Jr., you had a reason to love the Mariners. Plus Randy Johnson thrown in for a bonus.
Louisville, KY here. It's college basketball here by far. Then Reds baseball (kind of), and NBA and NFL tied. I walk around in a Panthers hat almost year-round and no one says anything to me about it.
[Fuck yes!](http://gfycat.com/ClearLawfulCalf)
His ears look so hilarious on his body now. But damn he looks good.
A romantic date between Greg Hardy and his girlfriend.
Any of the Kardashians. Pick one.
The St. Louis Cardinals.
Tom Brady. It's really been Drew Bledsoe the whole time!
Ashley Benson
Russell Wilson's super secret water.
Looks like Pete Carroll isn't the only coach who might be senile...
A few reasons that I can think of off the top of my head. 1) Expense. NFL teams have a lot more players on their roster than MLB and NHL does. Plus more coaches, more equipment, etc. Those costs stack up. 2) College is already the "NFL minor league" in many respects. 3) We already have the practice squad, on which NFL teams stash players that need a little more development. There are probably more reasons (and better ones) why there is no NFL minor league, but that should give you a basic idea.
You can't have McDermott. He's ours and we're not letting go :(
Oh well. At least we have Steve Wilks waiting in the wings.
Yeah. We could have someone who has "their system" that doesn't fit with our personnel.
Amtrak. Gotta get those trains arriving early.
San Francisco. Because hey, no team plays there now!
That may be true, but the NFL has a shit ton of equipment costs, too.
This is true. New England is gorgeous in the fall.
Okay. I tried again this evening by doing Metro Malice and we had a decent team up until the fifth wave. I took your advice and went rocket specialist. We kept failing on the fifth wave and three people left, so I quit too.
I didn't take either until wave 3 at least.
Thanks. May all your sniping shots land and may your back remain free from spies.
They did. I remember that being an issue for some people where I lived then.
I did this with Kaepernick. I watched at least four games in which he started for the 49ers before I consciously realized that he is black.
Next, hear our interview that we conducted with a tautological expert of tautology research, fresh from the department of redundancy department where he was recently employed!
The Bradford experiment was not a resounding success. Let's now see how the Kaepernick experiment goes...
Seeing as during the past four years we've been in rebuilding mode, I am not mad that we were losing to them. Until this year, they were legitimately the better team. It's like we were the younger brother who competed hard but didn't have the experience until now to have a legitimate shot.
SHUN THE HERETIC!
Trust me, we want him to get a ring. We have to get Peanut Tillman one too.
I'm cool with the hate if the Panthers are good for the next ten years. I want the Cam/Russell rivalry to be better than Brady/Manning.
We were in rebuilding mode until this year. I'm not mad we lost the first few games.
Yes. We overperformed our actual talent level.
10% of what I make, and a couple hundred a year to various causes. It's funny - I live on a smaller income than I used to, but I donate more. Being in the lower class (not poverty, but definitely blue-collar) really helped me empathize with people struggling to get by.
God we (Reds) sucked when he was with us.
[The Good the Bad and the Ugly.]( https://youtu.be/AFa1-kciCb4) [Specifically, this song.](https://youtu.be/nOr0na6mKJQ) It makes me want to watch the movie just for that scene. Seriously, Ennio Morricone is amazing. [For a Few Dollars More had a great theme song, too, even if I didn't like the movie as much](https://youtu.be/mLXQltR7vUQ). [Morricone also did one of the prettiest songs in movie history.](https://youtu.be/2WJhax7Jmxs).
[Kaneda's Death Pt 2 (Adagio in D Minor)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMVik3EFVn4) from the 2007 film Sunshine
Is it referencing that one Steve Coogan character?
It looks like it had legs for daaaays. Yep, it's Butt Stallion.
Seriously? Out of all the stupid names, Chosen isn't that bad. I'd take it over my real name, which is hard to spell and pronounced differently than how it is spelled.
The NCAA did an investigation and found no wrongdoing whatsoever by Cam or his family. They had a vested interest in finding wrongdoing, but they did not. Cam bought a laptop that he knew was stolen. He didn't steal it, but he definitely knew it was stolen. And he paid for his mistake, and moved on. I'm just saying, this Saints fan is grasping at straws for reasons to hate Cam.
I might be wrong about the Brady saga. It's been years since I even thought about it. After all, I like Brady except when he plays the Panthers :)
Man, I live and die by the Jag Effect rollout on payload servers. Although I switch to the stock wrench at the end, because I think it performs better once everything is set up.
You'll see us play less nickel and drop one LB into coverage a lot. The thing is, all 3 of our LBs are good in coverage. It'll be a tough game for everybody.
All over this thread now. Let's hope the bandwagons for both teams are quiet. I hate our bandwagon so damn much.
That's actually not a bad idea. I would love this.
What about the Seahawks bandwagon?
No, we run on Bojangles. If we stopped, that is when our hearts would stop.
I like this scenario.
He's the Michael Bennett of our team. You just kinda go with it.
Most important event for sure :)
I agree. But knowing this is the playoffs, we'll get shitty ones.
Aikman is worse imo
Yeah, but Jake Delhommed. Cam doesn't Delhomme.
LUUUUUUUKE!
I'm hoping we will.
More like I don't have to run the rescue ranger to heal my sentry. I love the shotguns too much.
Probably. How so?
Luke Kuechly tackled him, so it could have been that, too.
Yeah, but I have a festive specialized killstreak stock wrench, and just a vintage southern hospitality. So that helps me decide :)
He got shoved out of the way. Not his fault.
They will play next year - they both finished second in their division.
How about last year? We were 3-8-1. Cam was banged up, our O-line was banged up and sucked balls, our defense was fielding old men and rookies/UDFAs. Yet no one in our locker room blamed Cam. He could have easily lost the team but he didn't. We won our remaining games and a playoff game. In that playoff game, most of our team shit the bed, but Cam put the fucking team on his back and willed us to victory despite taking hit after hit after hit. Stephen A-hole Smith had Greg Olsen on first take a few years ago, and brought up Cam's demeanor just like you did. Greg Olsen didn't hesitate in shutting him down, saying that what they see in Cam is a worker and a leader. Cam does his celebrations because that is who he is. He plays with his heart on his sleeve and when he is happy, he dances and stuff. Cam is also the guy picking up his teammates. When Ted Ginn makes his inevitable drop, Cam keeps going back to him. When Funchess was dropping almost 50% of his passes earlier this year, Cam kept giving him another shot. When Philly Brown was having a terrible preseason, and after he dropped an easy third-down touchdown pass, Cam was right there with his arm over Brown's shoulder and keeping his head in the game. How about every time the defense gets a turnover or a huge play? Cam is the first one greeting the defensive players on the sideline. Cam is a leader, and that leadership is a big reason why we are headed to the NFC Championship game.
Dammit nowhere is safe! Get back to /r/nfl man!
I like this. He fucked up, big, but he's definitely paid for it and it's clear he and his wife want to move on. I can understand why no NFL team wants him as a player anymore, but I think this is a great way for him to get his foot back into the football world. Let's see if he has any coaching aptitude. His personal story could help him deal with players that are struggling with similar things.
Especially that game against the Cardinals in 2013. Our WRs just completely shit the bed. How many dropped passes/wrong routes did we have in that game? It was ridiculous how bad they played.
You may be right. I personally don't feel any animosity towards him but I can definitely understand why other people would.
It did help him that Peterson and Hardy happened.
Who was talking on ESPN?
Dilfer's biased as fuck, so never listen to him.
It's weird. The NFC just doesn't have as many teams that just suck year after year after year. The AFC has seven teams that average being ranked tenth or lower in their conference, whereas the NFC has four. Plus the NFC has no team with a stdv under 3, but the AFC has five. AFC teams are more likely to either stay good or stay bad for years on end.
I've had those. They didn't agree with my stomach, unfortunately. Tasted okay.
Yeah the main problem with the Sydney Sleeper is that it gives you a huge disadvantage versus enemy snipers.
[I pub a lot and have a mike, so I am more than willing to pubstomp with you](http://steamcommunity.com/id/krskiff)
Goodell goes to LA to suspend Josh Gordon again. Unfortunately, he forgot that not all teams have moved to LA yet.
A 1T DT lines up between the center and guard, whereas a 3T DT lines up between the guard and tackle.
Only Ciara knows of the treasure...
Tennessee fans hate him so much.
Those too!
Spider 2 Y Start9
Well, the Panthers didn't have to do that. Mother Nature did that for us lol.
Well, there are plenty of Steelers and Redskins fans around. Might as well reduce the surplus of opposing teams fans while you're at it.
Driving around downtown is shit. Walking, though is really nice and safe.
As a Spurs fan, I second this notion.
I question that man's choice in sports teams. And players.
I know. Fucking bad luck.
Thankfully I didn't have much on me. A cheap-ass phone, my wallet with like 30 bucks in it, and a backup debit card with a hundred dollar daily limit on it. I got it shut down within the hour. Oh, and a Panthers pen but they didn't seem to want that lol.
Goddammit Steve!
Rule \#1 of successfully using a lightsaber: Never point it at your face. Rule \#2 of successfully using a lightsaber: Never point it at your nuts. Remember rule 2, man. Remember rule 2.
Steve Smith needs to become an announcer. I think he would be both hilarious and informative.
Very poorly worded. I understand what the author was trying to say, but there are two different ways to take that statement.
Yeah. See, if you said that statement out loud, you could use your tone and inflection to get across what you really meant. However, the author didn't account for that difference of tone/inflection in the statement, so it says something that he didn't really mean it to say. Also, English is hard.
Adam Shefter: Wow.
That's the one. He makes us look really bad.
Eh, there have been more than one. I have a few RES tagged as blatant and unreasonable homers.
[Thomas Davis' reaction](https://i.imgur.com/CU0CXVW.jpg)
Tone does have something to do with it. There is a way of saying that sentence out loud and making it abundantly clear what you mean. And agreed on his job. He needs to take a few classes.
Oh, I forgot about him! That's a good one!
MIKE TANIER OF BLEACHER REPORT IS FUCKING HILARIOUS. IN [THIS ARTICLE](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2609431-nfl-conference-championships-mike-taniers-game-previews-and-score-predictions) HE PICKS THE PANTHERS TO WIN. BUT IN [THIS ONE](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2609216-nfl-playoff-predictions-bleacher-reports-conference-championship-picks/page/6) HE PICKS THE CARDINALS TO WIN. BOTH ARTICLES WERE PUBLISHED THE SAME DAY. LOL BLEACHER REPORT. EVEN YOUR SO-CALLED "TOP WRITERS" ARE PATHETIC.
ONE IF BY LAND, TWO IF BY SEA. THERE AIN'T NO SEA IN DENVER.
NAH HE'S ACTUALLY FUNNIER WHEN HE LOSES FLAIR BETS WITH US.
[CARDINALS FANS THIS WEEKEND](http://i.imgur.com/VPC5xEM.gif)
YOU KNOW BELICHICK PUT IT IN THE GAME PLAN.
[IT DOESN'T MATTER TO US. THEY'RE BOTH BIRDS.](http://i.imgur.com/VPC5xEM.gif)
NO. JUST...NO.
Gronk is obviously Deadpool.
A LOT OF US HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN THAT SHOOTING.
HE TAKES THEM SO HE CAN INCREASE THE SIZE OF HIS FOREHEAD EVEN MORE. TOM BRADY'S DOCTOR TOLD HIM SO.
CHEERING FOR THE BENGALS IS LIKE CHEERING FOR THE REDS. EVERY SO OFTEN YOU GET EXCITED FOR THE PLAYOFFS ONLY FOR THEM TO BRUTALLY CRUSH YOUR HOPES AND DREAMS.
HOW ABOUT THE REDS? HOW MANY GAMES DO YOU THINK WE'LL LOSE THIS YEAR? 90?
THIS IS TRUE.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN TRASH TALK AND BEING TRASHY WHILE TALKING.
[BLOODY HELL, MAN](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m74nez3s3T1rv8jpzo1_r1_400.gif)
AND LANDRY JONES.
It's okay. I have family there and it's clean and pretty, but there are a lot of rich assholes there.
Pressure the relationship to move too quickly. Slow and steady may be frustrating at times, but it's usually the best option.
DOES MARVIN LEWIS CHEW UP TOOTHPICKS? IF NOT THEN HE ISN'T DUSTY.
AND TO EAT DELICIOUS SKYLINE CONEYS.
Nah, that's Brett Favre. Johnny was probably sending pictures of other women to the receptionist.
His stare.
I meant for all the flamethrowers. Because a new one with reduce airblast cost is going to have downsides.
Is it bad that I don't know anything about Creed?
Do you believe the large ISPs (Comcast, Time Warner, etc) are in some way collaborating to give most of the American people only one choice for an internet provider, allowing them to set high prices and have extremely poor customer service, or do you believe that the ISPs have a natural monopoly on internet service? It boggles my mind how poor the service is to Americans. I am from Kentucky and cannot believe how poor the service is, and I have only one option!
Mr. Paul, as someone from Kentucky I want to thank you for representing us well. I know we have some real pieces of work in our legislature but we have some really good people there too. Is there anyone in our state legislature whom you want to give a shout out to?
Makes me glad I'm a Spurs fan.
The Emperor's New Groove
2001, we went 1-15.
Both sociological and biological play their part, and it's unwise to discount either of them. We are still doing research to find out where one ends and the other begins, but we definitely know they both play a part. Either way, we should not have as much trouble dealing with the opposite gender as we do. It's better to never forget someone's underlying humanity. Of course, that's a lot harder in practice than in theory.
Absolutely.
Guard a flank route. Or hang just behind your team, setting up a dispenser and minisentry so they can watch your team's back.
Kaepernick, Newton, and Bridgewater don't have any felonies and no one calls them fake. Honestly, I doubt much of Wilson's criticism stems from racism.
God I hope not. This sub will be unbearable.
Fair enough.
He's a great guy but he plays kays with ton of emotion, so it gets him in trouble every so often. Thankfully we have Thomas Davis and Luke Kuechly to calm him down when he starts getting out of hand.
That was a very questionable penalty. But in today's "safety first" NFL, the refs are going to throw that flag every time. EDIT: The replay showed that Ward did that intentionally. Fuck him.
Read my edit, please.
Well, on this play, it was multiple guys, so I figure Hochuli forgot all the numbers to list.
You'd think the reddit admins would have figured out that they need extra servers during NFL Conference Championship games...
Now we know why Cam has been so good this season: he transferred the mantle of Captain Overthrow to Peyton Manning. EDIT: Phrasing
The rules need to be altered. That helmet to helmet contact was not the fault of the defender. He seemed to try to avoid the helmet to helmet contact. I want the Pats to win, but even I see that wasn't fair to the Broncos.
Can we get a gif of that last play? I bet someone could put that play to Yackety Sax...
Good job Denver. Your defense is damn good. Go NFC Champion in too weeks!
Wtf Arians. Two trick plays in a row?
They'll review it
He wears a flak jacket now.
Palmer is truly doing a Delhomme!
Rivera probably didn't let anyone know because he wanted their focus on this game.
Of course, the observable difference in lifespans is minimal enough to be negligible. And I imagine that the prospect of aging quicker isn't going to deter anyone who is thinking about moving to Denver.
Sign me up!
Meanwhile, the NFL Commissioner, Orger Oodgell, is still embattled with the tandem of New England Patriots owner Giselle Bundchen and Denver Broncos owner Eli Manning over the unprecedented scandal PaintGate. The two teams were alleged to have painted the hash marks on their respective fields with a different shade of breast-cancer-awareness-pink than was specified in the regulations. The Broncos, incidentally, are the only team to have beaten the San Antonio Spartans in the Super Bowl, which they did twice with up-and-coming quarterback Felipe Rios III. The Patriots, unfortunately, are still struggling to have a winning season under Ms. Bundchen's tenure. Many anonymous sources within the league attribute their extended lack of competitiveness to their Ugg-brand cleats.
I have extended family who adopted a child that got help from his foundation. It is truly a great organization.
Settle down Kaepernick!
Didn't the 2000 Ravens go several weeks without scoring an offensive touchdown?
Denver's defense is definitely better than the Panthers defense overall. However, the gap is not as large as it seemed early in the season. Denver has a great secondary, great linebacking corps, and a solid defensive line. Carolina has a solid defensive line, great linebackers, and a solid secondary. Denver gets the edge.
IF the travel issues can be worked around so that the London team or its opponents are not negatively affected, IF the taxes/financial issues are able to be worked out, IF the team going to London is a team that legitimately could not make things work with their previous city, and IF the National Football League agrees to change its name to the World Football League (colloquially known as the "Waffle"), I might be okay with there being a London team.
Yep. Stephen Ross of the Miami Dolphins and Jerry Richardson of the Carolina Panthers both voted against the proposal.
Not in Super Bowl 50, apparently :)
Absolutely deserved. The man played great this year.
I remember this was posted months ago and everyone agreed how biased the article was.
Also, he built our stadium with his own money.
Same here. Anything beyond diff eq is out of my league. Topology, high-level theoretical physics, cryptography, bayesian algorithms... I'll stick with engineering rather than mess with that stuff.
Teddy the Wonder Lizard.
The EU books have explored different genres, to varying success. The *Medstar* books are basically M\*A\*S\*H and they are good. *Kenobi* is basically a Western.
I haven't found a single shard of evidence that any of the jokes there are original.
The potential was there. But the execution sucked.
Looking back at the crazy clauses in the contract that Seattle gave you in the hope that Minnesota wouldn't match their offer, what was your reaction when you first heard about it? Also, if you were a GM, what crazy clause would you attempt to put in a contract today just to annoy another team?
Our offense was putrid. On a good day.
I don't like how he just flatly hates all friendlies or people having fun with unusual loadouts like melee scouts or shotgun heavies. If your team is getting rolled, you might as well get what fun you can out of it.
Plus some of the force was likely transferred to the bat, whereas the catcher didn't have his hand braced on anything.
The bat didn't stay still though. The bat moved as well.
Preseason probably. Have we played the Packers in preseason recently?
The Seattle locker room has really rallied around each other. I remember that gif last year or whenever when Marshawn Lynch came and sat down next to Hauschka after he missed a kick and was just lifting his spirits.
I loved that dance. It should have been a lot more popular than it was.
His leiut-eleven-ent made me laugh so hard I choked the first time I heard it.
You three-faced triple crosser!
It's not exactly a roll, but I don't know the correct term for it. But it's different than how Americans do it.
Well, my granddad had a thick accent, so that may be it.
Yep. Golic vs Greeny is hilarious. Throw CC in there and it's just dumb.
Really? They're all over the place here in Louisville. I lean left, but even I denounce them as nutters.
But he also played pretty poorly in that first SB.
Your run defense is *really* good.
I guess it depends on the person. Everyone has that guy in their office that is very flamboyant and gets excited over the small successes. So does the NFL.
No, there were exactly two votes against it. Jerry Richardson and Stephen Ross.
Hmm, the plot gets murkier and murkier...
Whoa, wait, who's the new guy? Last time I checked there was only 12!
HEY CINCINNATI, ARE YOU SURE BRYAN PRICE ISN'T SECRETLY A SKINNY ROB RYAN? BECAUSE THE REDS' BULLPEN IS ALL-TIME BAD.
I'M ACTUALLY A REDS FAN.
Tom Brady suspended four game for being "generally aware" that Dellavedova likes to deflate Iguodala's balls.
Not necessarily. Some people just don't like a specific thing, but are fine with the others. I don't like the Banana because I don't like the way it looks, but the majority of silly shit in TF2 I am fine with.
Louisiana has had a lot of trouble historically of corruption at the local and state levels. This wasn't an isolated case, nor was it surprising at all.
But college basketball rules over all in NC. The ranking of sports is: 1) College basketball 2) College basketball 3) More college basketball 4) For variety, college basketball 5) NFL 6) CFB/NBA (they're pretty much tied)
Well, he is a Redskins fan.
Totally agree. The best part is when you two both take stupid loadouts (wrap assassin scout only, holiday punch heavies, shotgun soldiers, etc) and have so much fun killing each other that other people in the server join in.
Their chicken&amp;waffles is pretty good too.
Moms write letters about Cam Newton. Peyton Manning films a Nationwide Insurance jingle about it. A reporter asks Marshawn Lynch if he's "really really retired"
Ralts1 is legitimate to most people, as it is a valid Pokemon created by the game itself. You didn't edit Ralts1's stats, nature, IVs, or anything. The game itself created Ralts1, so it's legitimate.
Press Up + B + X while on the title screen of Y.
Nah, you'd make the Bucs organization do it.
This is true. He's a great talent and he'll do fine on the Redskins. Big credit to our defensive coaches though. Sean McDermott and Steve Wilks really put effort into Josh's development and it paid off for him and us last year.
He says he didn't like the movie, and I don't blame him. It kinda made him look dumb and a bit of a pussy, neither of which reflect Oher in real life.
Redskins have Josh Norman. That's as good of a story as any.
"The NFL Owners have agreed to a plan to establish two new NFL franchises in 2020. Welcome the new London and Mexico City NFL franchises!
Dxun. It's a moon you can visit in KotOR II. It was my favorite area in that game.
You can get Palpitoad in puddles in the Moor of Iccirus levels 30-33. You can get Seismitoad in the same area, surfing in rippling water, levels 15-40, but it's only a 5% chance there. Same with Route 8. Same Pokemon and levels.
Contrary to popular belief, Jill has a sense of humor. Now if only he could attract more Valve employees to work on TF2....
I have my competitive TF2 team to scrim with. Except we suck and haven't yet won a game. Our flank sucks so badly...
Our medic provides plenty of dank for the whole team.
We don't have any NFL teams where I live. So there isn't a "local" team here. I have one coworker who only refers to Cam Newton as "Scam Newton." He hasn't figured out that I don't care what he thinks about Cam.
Former Pro Bowl QB Derek "GOAT" "Bucc Fucker" Anderson.
He should meet one of my coworkers who thinks Dalton is a top-3 QB.
My sister just got back from South Africa! She was shooting a documentary there. I have to wait until I get off work before I can drive out to see her. Damn clock moving too damn slowly.
Get up and walk around every half hour. It's the only way I cope.
Relax. Most people don't like being around people that are really nervous. Just take it slow, have fun, and let your personality shine through. One way I loosened up was thinking "How would I respond in this situation if it was my sister saying it." I found out that I'm a lot funnier around my sister than my dates, and so I started acting like I would around my sister and my dates got a whole lot more relaxed and fun.
I was looking forward to seeing them on the US Team, too. But I would not want to go to Brazil.
Nah it annoys you guys more when someone says "Bucc" instead of "Buc."
Uh, look at the title of the thread. It was the only experience I have that fits. Get off your damn high horse.
You can obtain both after you beat the Elite Four, if I recall correctly.
I can't exactly argue with our ranking until Benwikere gets healthy and we see how our rookie corners play in the preseason. *In Gettleman We Trust*
Airshots are far easier in Overwatch, though. In TF2, most players in the air are moving very quickly. In Overwatch, you move fairly slowly through the air as Pharah and D.Va. Junkrat moves quickly through the air, but he has very limited range and moves in a very predictable pattern. I am not a very good demoman in TF2, but I can hit airshots with Junkrat's grenade launcher without too much trouble.
It's just annoying that every other class in the game is based on short-range to medium-range combat except the fucking sniper.
He is, via offclassing. The reason he isn't used more often is because he has low mobility and is vulnerable to picks and bombs by the more mobile classes. The thing is, 6v6 isn't representative of TF2. It's basically another game using the TF2 characters. Mobility is the most important thing in 6v6, and so the four classes most used are the four most mobile. Scout is the fastest class and can double jump, medic is the second fastest class and provides healing, soldier can rocket jump and has a large healthpool to be able to tank the self-damage, and the demoman can sticky jump. Highlander TF2 is more in line with what TF2 was designed to be, even though it is the less popular competitive mode (for various reasons). And the sniper reigns supreme in it. In HL you don't just have the four most mobile classes on the other team - you have all nine of them. And since the medic's and demo's mobility is usually hampered by the combo (which includes the slowest class in the game, the Heavy), it makes countering them far easier. Plus the sniper gets protection from his engineer's aimbot sentry, helping him survive bombs and picks from the more mobile classes.
What I would like is for Symmetra to be able to "throw" one of her minisentries in a straight line at a wall near the Widowmaker. That way it helps distract the Widowmaker long enough so that your team can coordinate and deal with her.
He played well for us the previous year too. He's not just a one-year wonder.
No difference whatsoever once you have max EVs on it.
I like to bait the other team member into walking towards me. I'll take a step back, they will take a step forward to pursue me, and I'll take a step forward and grab them. It's much easier to hit targets that aren't moving side-to-side.
A lot of wisdom doesn't depend on generation. Old people have a lot of good things to day and a lot of shitty things to say. But to discount their words for no other reason than their age is foolishness.
Young people do the same damn things, too, you know.
By that logic, we *should* listen to the elders that don't go around raping people or complaining about the wrong people moving into their neighborhood.
It's true. We all have our own opinion on Cam's celebrations. Some of us like the dab, others of us liked it but are sick of it, others never liked it but don't mind him celebrating, and still others wish he wouldn't celebrate as much in the first place.
2010 Panthers was pretty putrid as well. Jimmy Clausen, Matt Moore, and Brian St. Pierre. Our offense produced 12.2 points per game. Thank God we had the \#1 pick after that year...
Black and White are really good ones for beginners. X and Y are great for beginners, but the French culture crammed in could turn some people off to them. Plus the story in X and Y is pretty weak.
I agree. I tend to not like shows where all the main characters are assholes. I deal with enough assholes in my daily life. I don't want to come home and watch them on TV, too.
Is there a way to mute people in Overwatch? Because last night I was unfortunately paired with someone who wouldn't stop micspamming.
Noooooooooo. I like Bruce.
What game are you playing? In XY and ORAS, if you level a Shroomish up to level 40 so that it learns Spore and then evolve it into a Breloom and teach it False Swipe via TM54 (found in Rustboro City Poke Mart or Professor Sycamore's lab), you get one of the best Pokemon for catching other Pokemon. Spore to put them to sleep, then False Swipe them down until they have 1 HP left, then chuck balls at them until they are caught.
Not really. He's a pretty cool guy and he just had a great game against us. I hope he plays well against the Falcons, Saints, and Buccaneers this year. I was kind of annoyed with the plethora of "Von Miller's opinion on everything" posts we got after the Super Bowl, but it's not a big deal.
The Sydney Sleeper isn't really a bad weapon. It's perfectly viable. However, it's just outclassed by the stock rifle. The Sydney Sleeper turns the sniper from a pick class to a support class by allowing him to set up attacks on high-priority targets with the jarate effect. Plus it still takes down a medic in one shot with a full charge. It's actually a fun weapon to use in MvM on Ghost Town. You sacrifice damage for setting up your team. The explosive headshots actually works on the Sydney Sleeper. You don't get the damage boost, but on a headshot you will cause damage to the surrounding robots AND coat them in jarate. So you can still take down a bunch of uber medics in one shot AND help your team take down the giant robots quickly.
Guide to finding out your Pokemon's IVs or guide to breeding for perfect IVs?
Gen I Pokemon are still very viable and they have been given updated movesets that make them even more viable. For example, Squirtle can learn Iron Defense, making him very tough to take out with physical moves. Some key differences between Gen I and Gen VI: 1) Attacks are now classified as *physical* or *special* based on the move itself, not the move's type. For example, in Gens I-III, all Water-type moves were special, meaning they used the Pokemon's special attack to determine how hard they hit. Now, some Water-type moves are special and some are physical. Waterfall is a strong physical Water-type move and Surf is a strong special Water-type move. 2) The type matchup chart has changed. Dark, Steel, and Fairy types have been added and some other relationships have been modified. You can find a good type chart online. 3) TMs are now infinite-use. Once you receive a TM, you can use it an infinite amount of times. 4) There are a shit-ton more Pokemon. Over 700. You won't encounter all 700 in your game normally, but don't feel bad if you get overwhelmed a bit. A lot of times you can guess what type or types it is. Water types are usually blue and are found near the ocean/rivers/lakes/etc. Fire types are usually red, ground and rock types are found in caves, etc etc etc. Catch as many as you can and then look in your Pokedex to see their specific type. Or you can just look online, but I imagine it's a pain to have to do that for every other battle. 5) The newest games have a rather overpowered EXP Share, meaning that if you only use three or four Pokemon throughout the game they will soon be WAY overleveled. Feel free to change out your team frequently. It doesn't take long to bring a new lower-leveled Pokemon up to a respectable level.
No, of course they're talking about A Knight's Tale.
Alex Trebek in the SNL Celebrity Jeopardy episodes.
Tracy Lord in A Philadelphia Story.
Which NFL players were your favorites to watch when you were a little kid?
Demoman is hella fun. Sticky jumping and laying waste to the enemy team never got old.
That sucks. Putting down pets is always rough.
Good choice. I was personally thinking of his character in We're No Angels, but he did do a great Poirot.
Will those penalties also apply for someone whose connection to the server drops? Because that's not really fair to people who have a shitty internet connection, which is very common in the USA.
For one thing, Genji has a very high skill floor compared to most other heroes. Meaning, it will take more skill to play Genji adequately than it will a hero like Reinhardt, Winston, Soldier 76, etc. One thing to note is that Genji's shurikens don't have falloff damage. So you don't have to get up into the enemy's face to do damage. The general strategy with Genji is to flank around the side, then dart in and out of cover and take potshots. What I like to do is to dart from one health pack to another, taking potshots and using Genji's speed and ability to double-jump to avoid most damage. Genji's swift strike is great for either a quick escape or for finishing off enemies that you know are severely injured. I like to watch for enemy players heading for health packs, then swift striking in because the majority of a time it's a sure kill. Tracer is similar to Genji in that she is a flanking class. However, Tracer has to be in close in order to do damage, meaning that she plays a lot riskier than Genji. Tracer's role is to flank and pick off support characters and snipers. She blinks in, empties her pistols, and either blinks or recalls out. She does not do well against tanks or anything with armor. So don't try and fight Reinhardt's, Torbjorn's, D.Va's, Bastion's, or Winston's, because your pistols won't do hardly any damage even if you land every shot. Prioritize Mercy's, Lucio's, Zenyatta's, Tracer's, Reaper's (though be careful of his shotguns), Junkrat's, and Hanzo's. I don't play much Winston so I don't feel qualified enough to give a good guide.
Yes. The more you can delay the enemy from getting from their spawn to the payload the better time your team will have. Kills are nice and should be strived for, but pick your fights and make sure you are distracting. It's a very intuitive thing that takes practice.
Abd Harry Carey to try and spell it.
No, there is no correlation between the two.
It's unlikely. Iirc, last Gen they released the evolution lines before the game was released.
Widowmaker, Junkrat, and Hanzo. Winston can counter both if Torbjorn doesn't Molten Core, and Reaper can counter Bastion. Zenyatta can counter them from a long distance away, provided he takes potshots and Bastion doesn't focus him.
I was talking about who we had then that was good.
SO I FOUND OUT THAT REINHARDT'S ULTIMATE GOES RIGHT THROUGH THE PAYLOAD CART. THAT ZARYA AND MCCREE THAT THOUGHT THEY WERE SAFE FROM ME BY HIDING BEHIND THE CART QUICKLY HAD THE TRUTH MANUALLY INSERTED INTO THEIR SKULLS.
MEI IS NOT AN OVERPOWERED CHARACTER AT ALL. SHE'S JUST NOT FUN TO PLAY AGAINST. THERE'S A DIFFERENCE.
SOMETIMES I MISS THE CRUSADER'S CROSSBOW IN TF2. JK I ALWAYS MISS THE CRUSADER'S CROSSBOW. NAILING SNIPERS WITH A FUCKING BOLT TO THE FACE IS SO DAMN SATISFYING.
I have some bad news for you. It is likely that your cartridge is fake. Unfortunately, Ebay is full of Gen III games that were illegally copied in China onto shitty-quality cartridges and are being sold. There are a few ways to tell if your cartridge is real or not. You can google for the differences.
The best dogfighting game I have ever played. And the story and voice acting was on point. The only thing I hated was the fucking Indy-Jones-style tunnel with deathtraps in the second-to-last area. You couldn't see jack shit and it was far too damn narrow.
No, we kept him because at the time, the evidence had not come out and the details at the scene were incredibly murky. Keep in mind we didn't have the photos nor a coherent statement from the victim that matched what the police report said. The victim's initial story was unreliable and it wasn't until a while later that we found out that she was only lying about some things, not everything. As soon as more info leaked we shut him down.
It's just kind of a sore spot with us.
I have a feeling we are going to see more Zenyatta + Mercy combos now that Widowmaker is nerfed. Zenyatta can keep his orb of harmony on Mercy and sniper/spam the orb of discorb from the back of the group.
Both static electricity and memory issues are pretty fatal to whatever section of the board they affect. As far as tests, if you had access to a lab with a multimeter, a fine-tipped soldering iron, and a lot of patience, you could figure oht exactly where the issue is. And if you could find that and had access to the necessary components, the schematic of the board, and the datasheet for the microprocessor, you could have a very small chance of fixing it. Edit: your save file is in all likelihood fine. If it was damaged in any way, you wouldn't be able to load it in the first place.
I'll be honest. Playing Pharah just makes me want to go play the Soldier in TF2. Bombing runs are so much more effective when you appear at high speeds from above and can just as quickly disappear at high speeds to safety. And Pharah tends to be just a big target in the sky when she's using her ULT. Especially for Widowmakers, Zenyattas and McCrees. But Pharah's a good class. She's a good counter to classes that rely on close-range combat like Tracer, Reinhardt, and Reaper. And Mei, if the Mei can't reliably use her alt-fire. Her ULT does impressive damage in a short time, and her rockets are pretty powerful.
I've heard it both ways...
I'd start with Black or White, since the story of B2W2 is in many ways a continuation of the story from BW. And they were very good games.
Honestly, there's no way of knowing. Since the cartridge doesn't fail in exactly the same place every time, and without insider knowledge of exactly how the Pokemon games are programmed, I can't begin to tell you when and where it will fail. It is possible that you could enjoy a full game without any hiccups or save file issues. It is also possible that it will fail often. Since the issue does not seem to affect your save file, if you decide to play the game, save often. So if it does crash, you will likely not have to repeat entire areas upon restarting.
Yeah, play a few rounds vs AI before hopping into quickplay. It will help you get a feel for the heroes. Reinhardt, Mercy, Soldier 76, Mei, and Lucio all have fairly low skill floors and are almost always effective, so consider playing your first few rounds as one of them.
Adding to this: What makes double support in Overwatch effective is that neither Mercy nor Lucio only have the ability to heal; they both have utility outside of healing. Lucio's speed boost is effective, his gun does decent damage, and his alt-fire can clear an enemy away from you or into a pit. Mercy can also damage boost and quickly move from one hero to another.
And those are due to age considerations more than anything else. Though I think Palmer has more room for improvement than Rodgers or Brady. Any young QB hasn't hit his theoretical peak yet, because the gains from improving their skills, their experience, and their understanding of the game can easily counteract the decay due to age. It's only when you get into your 30s that you really start to see significant physical decay. And by then, hopefully you have developed your physical skills to their max and you get diminishing returns from each additional year of experience and film study.
Don't jinx us about those injuries, mate.
I hate it because it's rather shitty to make the team that lost the Super Bowl have to watch the pregame "banner raising" and hoopla for the winning team. And I'm not just saying that because it was us who lost. I'd feel bad for the Broncos if we had won and they opened at our stadium. It's just a shitty thing for the NFL to do. Like they care.
It's a no-win situation for Panthers fans. But it's okay. The NFL doesn't give a fuck about non-NFC East teams anyway.
With Kelvin back it should be. Last year we just didn't have any WRs that were good at getting open for checkdown passes. The closest we had was Cotchery, and he was old. Last year we had two speedy deep threats in Ginn and Brown, a clearly overwhelmed rookie in Funchess who was still figuring out his role in the offense, and Third Leg Greg.
"Wait, you can tie in the NFL?" - Donovan McNabb
It is 6+4. Which is great for veterans. Rough for young guys trying to get themselves on an NFL roster.
This will tie him up through 2018, if I recall his previous contract correctly. Also, open this link in an incognito tab on Google Chrome, because it will get rid of the annoying "Pay us money to read this article" bullshit.
I like this response. It's not our business what happened to the bullies, and there would be little we could do even if we knew more information. I'm sure when this gift was given, there were plenty of opportunities for the story to get out to the necessary people. But we *can* appreciate that some people are working to help those that get screwed by life and sometimes that helps comes in the form of something that we love, like Pokemon.
The speed is fine now. You can run inside of buildings ever since Gen IV, which is great. Though Diamond/Pearl/Platinum had a really slow movement speed, which it was rightly criticized for. But anything HeartGold/SoulSilver or later is perfectly fine, speed-wise. And no, the 3DS doesn't charge off of microUSB. It has its own adapter, but they're not very expensive. I think I got mine for 10 bucks.
No clue. I don't live in Charlotte and I get it.
Does matchmaking penalize people whose internet connection drops? My ISP has been fucking up my internet for the last week and I have been dropped from several games due to shitty internet. Also, are they planning on adding more available AI-controlled heroes? I like testing new strategies on the vs-AI mode, but it sucks having to face Reapers, Zaryas, Bastions, Roadhogs, etc, with never seeing a Mercy, Mei, Widowmaker, etc.
But what if those states don't want to do business with you?
Not necessarily. There are tons of religious scientists. You also have no evidence whatsoever that any of the religious scientists of bygone eras were only religious because they had to be. Were there some? Probably. Was it a majority? You cannot in good faith make that claim.
The Mad Max trilogy weren't *great* movies, but as someone who watched them for the first time recently, they were pretty good. The second two were better than the first in my opinion, apart from the weird thing with the colony of children. That was too weird for me. But they're movies that survive on the atmosphere evoked more than the plot, so if you want great plot, look elsewhere.
Well, you and the Titans.
That Braves roster should have won at least three or four World Series. You had two aces plus John Smoltz and a prime Chipper Jones.
Cam came close last year at New Orleans. We ended up winning 41-38. Not as crazy as the Eli-Brees game, but it was still a shootout.
The Reds haven't won a playoff series since 1990, iirc. I feel your pain.
If you want a team that has players that aren't afraid to celebrate, the Panthers fit that bill. Honestly, there are good reasons to root for any franchise (except the Falcons, Saints, and Bucs). Pick a player that you really enjoy watching and just root for that team. Just stick with that team once you've decided, even if they go through a rough patch.
Brees is the reason that the Saints are competitive, and the fact that he can drag that sorry excuse for a defense to respectable records year in and year out is a testament to how damn good he is. Cameron Jordan scares me. Matt Ryan is better than most people give him credit for, though he definitely did not play very well last year. He threw too many red zone interceptions, and most of those were his fault alone. However, I think he can win a Super Bowl with the Falcons. He won't be the reason why the Falcons don't win playoff games. He also looks good in a bra. Keanu Neal was a reach, but I doubt he'll be a bust. Jameis Winston showed a shit ton of potential, and if the Buccaneers can fix their linemen on both sides of the ball they could rise to challenge the best in the NFC in as little as two years. Gerald McCoy is a monster. Their young DBs look promising.
Honestly, so can guys. I just hate that girls tend to value each others' opinions over their S.O.'s opinions.
It's a damn shame. I love Greg Maddux.
Yep. When we insult you, we're rarely subtle. If it sounds like a subtle insult, it's probably a poorly-worded compliment. If it sounds like a blatant insult, yes, we're insulting you.
Not necessarily. I mean, they wouldn't be your S.O. if they thought you were ugly.
Rio Bravo. Pretty good movie. I think I liked *El Dorado* better, but this was a fun John Wayne movie. Dean Martin was great, and Walter Brennan was funny as always. I think it was perhaps 15 minutes too long, though.
Man, as a casual fan of the NBA and basketball in general these playoffs were disappointing. The East was a joke and the West was plagued by collapses and controversy. And the finals was between the two teams I was thoroughly sick of hearing about. And most of the games in the finals weren't even that good. The nail in the coffin for me was yesterday morning when Mike&amp;Mike spent all four radio hours talking about the NBA finals. Never mind the U.S. Open, which is one of four times a year when they might talk about golf. They didn't even fucking mention it. In four hours. I am really getting sick of hearing about basketball, and the Warriors and Cavaliers especially. I hope next year there are more good teams. I hear the Bucks and the Celtics are on the rise, so hopefully they will draw the media attention away from the fucking Cavs and Warriors.
I guess I just got sick of hearing about only two teams the whole time.
I loke Gogoat too. I used him in my X playthrough and I think he is one of my top 5 grass types of all.
Packers 11-5 Lions 6-10 Giants 7-9
[Slinger's Song - from the Bastion OST](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mDWzu5yxLg)
I used the Sharpened Volcano Fragment, the Shahanshah, the Scottish Resistance on offense, and the pre-buff Winger. I thought facestabs were when you stabbed someone in the face and so I tried my hardest to stab the enemy team in the face with my knife.
The US Open rules officials to decide whether or not Dustin Johnson caused the damn ball to move.
I've been meaning to read the books for some time. I haven't seen the show yet because I don't want it to spoil the books. Is it worth reading them even though all of them aren't yet out?
First, go with Slash on Charizard. Due to Gen I's mechanics of critical chance, Slash has a 93% chance of being a critical hit on Charizard. So your first moveset for Charizard is best. Stick Surf on Lapras. Snorlax shouldn't need to face any rock types. You've got Blastoise with water moves and Lapras with water moves, so you should be fine with those against any rock types. Lapras should have Surf, Blizzard, Thunderbolt, and Confuse Ray. Body Slam is better on Snorlax, and you shouldn't face any Pokemon that resist your three other moves. Blastoise is tricky in Gen I. Surf/Hydro Pump, Counter, Reflect, and Ice Beam is a pretty good combo. Surf has more PP, and PP-restoring items are rare in Gen I, but Hydro Pump hits harder. It's your choice. Snorlax is easier. Body Slam, Hyper Beam, Rock Slide for type coverage, and Amnesia. You can use Strength on Snorlax, but it is far less effective than Body Slam and Hydro Pump is a great finishing move. Amnesia helps Snorlax take on Psychic types with ease.
Dunno who downvoted you but here's an upvote to balance it out. Yeah, gen I crit chance was weird and broken.
Iirc you don't get items every time you rebattle them.
It technically does 1 damage.
[This is a pretty good website that goes into a fair amount of depth](http://www.furiouspaul.com/overwatch)
We don't either, trust me.
Panthers did play the Packers during the season, so it would have to have been the Falcons.
There are minute differences, but the plot remains identical. HG/SS includes all the stuff that Crystal introduced.
I am partial to reverses to Ted Ginn, Jr. They're always fun to watch.
AFCN: Louisville Thoroughbreds AFCE: Montreal Cavalry AFCS: Memphis Loggers/Lumberjacks AFCW: Oklahoma City Tornadoes NFCN: Columbus Explorers/Des Moines Statesmen/St. Louis Kroenke-Fuckers NFCE: New Jersey Blowhards NFCS: San Antonio Pistols NFCW: Portland Greenbacks
Definitely Ogden, Munoz, and Pace. Walter Jones too. I would put Forrest Gregg up there too even though he was a right tackle for most of his career. Outside of them you have greats like Willie Roaf, Roosevelt Brown, and Gary Zimmerman. It's tough to say whether Joe Thomas is better than those guys. All of them were dominant for a long time. I think if he plays for another three years he'll be ranked up there. He's got the awards; now he just needs the longevity.
Very true, but unfortunately there is a big difference among HoF guys between nine years and twelve. And I think Thomas has to make the HoF to be considered one of the greatest.
Most people, as they age, start accumulating assets and wealth. A house, a car or two, a little bit of money in the bank, some money saved for retirement, etc. You start to become someone who *has* rather than your previous state of someone that *has not.* Much (not all) of the conservative ideology is based around not making those that *have* support those that *have not* more than their share. Which makes sense. If you've worked hard for what you have, and most likely been fucked over a few times by taxes, your job, insurance, etc, what money you have left, you are interested in keeping as much of it as you can. When you are young, you don't have a lot. So a lot of the government programs that benefit the less wealthy benefit you. So you tend to support those. Note that there isn't anything fundamentally wrong with either ideology. It's just where your priorities lie at that point in time, and this varies greatly from person to person. There are tons of liberal wealthy people and tons of conservative poor people. Sidenote: A big misconception is that conservatives oppose the government spending in all things. In actuality, most government programs tend to not be point of contention between liberal and conservative worldviews. Things like the forest service, police, funding for education, highway improvements, etc. are supported by both ideologies. The ones that are points of contention tend to be those that benefit a specific group of people rather than the vast majority of citizens. Like I said before, there isn't anything fundamentally wrong with either view. It's just a disagreement of opinion between two groups of people that are both rational and reasonable human beings.
TF2 gives the player more freedom to improvise and develop new strategies than Overwatch does (at least at present). Though keep in mind that TF2 has had people screwing around on it for almost ten years, while Overwatch has only had a few months.
As long as we get something resembling uberchaining.
Several new maps are added every year. New weapons are added, old ones are rebalanced, people figure out new ways of using old ones... For example, the Sigafoo Save didn't get developed until several years after the Rescue Ranger came out. Many common rocket jumps didn't get developed until the last few years (specifically ones on badwater and upward) and are tough enough that most people can't do them. Trimping is fairly recent too.
I'd participate if I actually had cable.
I only put it in there to confuse OP
Better late than never. In my experience, turning around and starting to go in the right direction is at least half the battle.
Trigun is amazing. Watch the movie if you can. It perfectly summed up the spirit of Trigun in my opinion.
Make sure you contact her at least once a day for the first few months. Send pictures of fun stuff you are doing. Make sure to complain about the food on campus, the homework, the campus food, the members of the opposite sex, and the campus food. It reassured my mom that I was still the same person.
Badlands Rumble
That'll work.
It's true. When I want to piss off a Bucs fan, I use two c's.
Tom Brady, mostly. I felt the same way about Peyton before he retired. Von Miller, at least until he actually gets a contract. I hope we can stop spamming articles from sites that write speculations about his contracts without offering any new info. Tebow, too. The joke got old a long time ago. It's just lazy to keep bringing him up now.
These are great. I wish I had thought to include pictures in my OP.
I agree on the Rex Ryan front. The problem is, he doesn't have an elite SS so he can't use as many 46 tenets as he would want. One thing I forgot to mention was the advent of mobile QBs that can throw on the run makes the 46 defense even less effective.
I admit to not watching much of the Titans until 2010 when I moved to Nashville. I'll have to see if I can find some of their old games and see for myself. I really love watching 46 defenses and good linebacker play.
Don't count Luck out. He's got as much potential as anyone and has shown a shit ton of essential QB skills. His faults are all ones common to young QBs - bad decision-making, reluctance to trust his teammates, and inexperience. Getting hurt last year behind that sad excuse for an offensive line didn't help. I think he'll bounce back this year. I'm sure he spent a lot of that recovery time studying film and breaking down his own play. Hopefully he has a good training camp and continues to develop a rapport with his teammates so that he'll trust that they will do their jobs and he won't have to do everything. He'll probably still rack up a ton of INTs because he's a gunslinger, but he'll also rack up a ton of TDs and make that Colts offense formidable.
NFL defenses are complicated but fascinating, eh?
Optimization in general. Some maps need optimized, the game lags around certain cosmetics and in certain situations, and the floating unusual effect thing is still around. Fixing a bug that causes TF2 to crash when the map changes on Valve servers (rarely have this problem but I've heard others talk about it) Invisible players still happen occasionally. This needs to be removed. That weird bug where some players look like they are holding multiple weapons and/or are holding a weapon that they actually don't have out. Crouch glitch needs to be removed. Localization files badly need to be updated.
That's what I said. I think you responded to the wrong person.
Trade LB A.J. Klein for a 3rd, or maybe a 4th and a 6th. He's good enough to start for several teams, and I don't know if he will want to stay after his rookie deal is up.
Because getting a 3rd for him is damn good.
He didn't have a terrible one, though.
+2 dropped passes, 2 more times when the receiver clearly ran the wrong route, and 1 time where a Broncos DB mauled Funchess causing an overthrown pass and the refs missed it. And let's not forget that Cam had to throw the damn ball 41 times because Jonathan Stewart got hurt early in the game and Mike Tolbert caught fumbleitis. And our one receiver that was playing well got hurt (after Talib had already tried to tear his head off) and had to go to the hospital during the game. Yeah, Cam didn't have a great game, but it was clearly not one of the worst.
Basically use it as an area denial weapon. Set up in a room with multiple entrances and blow up anyone who comes in. My favorite spots for this weapon: Mountainlab Last, on defense: Situate yourself right outside the door to your second-level spawn and guard the upper entrance while maintaining good eyes on the point itself. You can put stickies on the point as well as the upper door, and you are literally three steps from a resupply cabinet. Upward last, on defense: Set up in the building across from your spawn and sticky-carpet the stairs and the upper pathway. You have a medium health pack right next to you and an ammo pack not far away. Pretty much anywhere on the 3rd stage of Thundermountain: Any of the buildings are great, sticky trapping the middle pillar works well, and it works on both offense and defense. Just watch for spies and snipers.
It is in no way an awful weapon. It is very effective in its role, which is area denial with massive burst damage, with the additional ability to deny multiple areas at once. It isn't nearly as universally applicable as the sticky launcher, but it is not a terrible weapon.
I'm guessing you never played against someone who chose Oddjob...
This is no surprise. I have a feeling that anything the NFL does, the NFLPA feels like it has to contest, and vice versa. It's more the two of them playing politics than it is any grievances the NFLPA may have about the investigation itself. The NFLPA feels like it has to stonewall the NFL on any player issues, and the NFL's spotty at best history in recent investigations has done nothing to build anyone's confidence in their ability to properly conduct an investigation.
Sadly, it really does.
Not really. Demos and Soldiers easily take out minisentries, and good Scouts will get buffed by the Medic before taking one out, so it doesn't help fight them that much. The Engineer himself is also only good in close range, but he doesn't have the speed and jumping mobility that the Scout does, making him at a disadvantage against Scouts, Soldiers, and Demomen.
