i dont even know what to say to this. your over thinking things.
So good ROFL! Barry is a legend!
Its the same as every other girl on Twitter. I dont see why your obsessed with hating her.
Its been confirmed before that this isnt her.
i really really doubt she has implants.
Kers is as real as they come. Nothing fake about him
inb4 "what do you mean 'they'?" i mean friends, u racists LUL
totally agree. showing a little leg isnt going wild.
https://clips.twitch.tv/watchmeblink1/ExuberantGullJKanStyle
the text-to-speech on Kripps stream makes it alot more enjoyable.
Why would they release a patch the day they get back from vacation? It wasnt finished before they left.
Sorry you dont understand how US holidays work for big companys. They were definetly off for 2 weeks, just like they are every single year. 12 years later, people still dont recognize patterns in how Blizzard works.
pretty sure a girl could walk by Reckful, say "hi" and you guys would call her a leech.
how is this about reckful?
could use more context to this...
Hes not wrong.
Even I didnt realize what it was until he figured it out, lol.
It blows my mind that Sony didnt realize this would happen in the first place. When I heard Mitch &amp; Sony moving in together, I knew immediatly it wouldnt last more than a month or 2. Its SO well known that Mitch lives that messy rat lifestyle. He wasnt going to change.
OMG WTF DID I MISS!? Gotta watch the VoD tonight. Kreygasm
didnt even have to burp after PogChamp
My thoughts exactly. Half of the posts in this subreddit are just normal pictures lately.
This is gonna be good for the Lakers. Give it more time people, its gonna make sense in the end.
While Im fine with the trade, I feel bad that he has to leave sunny Cali for Brooklyn &amp; a team that doesnt look to be getting better anytime soon.
I cant believe how many Laker fans are overreacting &amp; already turning on Magic/Rob. There are so many pieces to the puzzle that have to be moved around. The Russell trade was only 1 piece. Give them time to create.
No. I hope they never do this awards show again unless they fit it in between the end of the regular season and the start of the playoffs, which probably wouldnt happen.
I thought it was a great move. I never realized how many Lakers fans feel in love with him until I came to this subreddit.
omg, Phil you make my head hurt.
Overthinking it. Guys just having fun before the big moment.
Sore losers.
Have fun with that dumpster fire team.
i like how Brooklyn fans think they get him, lol
All that &amp; its not even July 1st yet, when the real fun starts. Magic/Rob doing exactly what theyre supposed to so far. No idea what anybody could be mad about.
I hope so. Weve had so many draft picks the last few years and no ROTY yet.
No suprise &amp; no thank you.
I dont see this as a shot. It was clear, to me at least, he wasnt a leader.
Totally agree.
Uncalled for.
Probably next week.
Hes probably just trolling you guys since you overreact to every tweet.
The last tweet (crying laughing emote) just tells me hes laughing at everybody overreacting to every tweet he sends out.
They are doing great. I love to hear how hard they are working. The only people mad are the ones that have DLO posters all over their room lol
nobody is gonna be looking for a fidget spinner here.
lmao
they broke up like 2 weeks ago &amp; there are still new topics popping up everyday. If you hate somebody so much, why are you tracking their every move? I dont get it.
omg, Larry got robbed. Just look at these comments! Come on!
Dude Im pissed. That was clearly Nance.
Oladipo must know some Russian hackers.
I just noticed this too. Sure looks like it.
I heard sometime next month (July).
This is way overdue. I cant believe they put up with his shit for this long. Even with Phil gone, the Knicks have alot of rebuilding to do.
I think there is more chance that Blake leaves before Chris.
Welp, I was completely wrong. lol
sure, lets go with that, ha
who cares right now. its a year away.
Youre crazy.
To be fair, the first 10 min of the show was actually incredibly boring, but it started to get good/funny after that.
DLO was getting traded no matter what. Coaches &amp; players had issues with him. He didnt fit into the future that Magic/Rob are trying to create. I dont know why people dont understand that.
Its gonna be a 1 on 1 league pretty soon. Last 2 guys that arent injured yet, lol.
Alot of comedy at the start of this Lakers broadcast xD
edit: ya hes back in the lineup tonight.
Ennis needs to channel his inner-Lonzo.
Bad news is Houston is making their 3s. Good news is Lakers energy is good &amp; staying right there with them.
Pretty suprised how easily were scoring in the paint. Nice to see Randle doin work
were incredibly lucky if we make it to OT
bad call on Randle. barely touched him
omg, BI.. thank you!
did u hunt down this post from 2 days ago? u gtfo
Have you guys not watched the last 3 years? Close games are better than blowouts. You add 1 star to this team &amp; these close losses turn into wins.
I dont know why people focus so much on the negative &amp; look for people to blame. This team is making so much progress, its just not showing up in the wins column right now.
Hes great when he plays like he did tonight, but hes inconsistent. We could easily see a different Randle next game.
Best reply Ive read all day.
We'll be fine. Were not even half way thru the season. Were not exactly playing for a championship this year. The goal is to just improve &amp; I definetly see the improvment even tho the record doesnt show it.
This is why Im not a fan of Harden. Hes a great shooter, but all the bullshit he does to run up his point total is ridiculous. Id hate to see him win MVP.
at 14:53 - hating on the man bun since day 1, lol
Good thing the season isnt even half way over or else I might care.
No one play decides a game.
Couldnt watch, too cringe.
I feel bad for Wolves fans, they have to hear Thibs yelling in the background of every game.
He needs to take a game or 2 off for rest in my opinion.
There are only so many minutes to give out for 15 guys. Late draft picks usually spend more time in the G-League developing.
IMO, he doesnt fit the ball movement style of play. He likes to get the ball &amp; force it in the paint. Hes also inconsistent &amp; makes dumb mistakes every game. I think he's good, just not the right fit for our team.
NEVA LOST! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTrJJG_3ow8
Were better than our record shows. We've lost alot of close games that we shouldve won.
idk what ur trying to say here. thats not 82 games.
As dumb as it looks to me, its his hair, hes free to do whatever he wants.
Hes not getting traded. Just cuz you guys dont like him doesnt mean the Lakers dont like him.
Starting to think Im the only person on this sub that doesnt wear jerseys.
You dont have to hate anybody
Its disappointing, but any season where we dont finish as champions is disappointing.
Demonsteel Stirrups
Yes. I was assuming he meant Legion leveling.
You guys need to accept that Luke isnt going anywhere. You cant just keep changing coaches every 2 years. We have a young coach and a young team, they need to all grow together. If Luke is doing something wrong, I guarantee you that Magic will notice &amp; tell him how to change it.
They still call it sometimes. Just depends if they knock it away or not.
They should fine the really obvious flops. I dont understand why they seem to have stopped.
LeBron to Lithuania
"I love Marcus Smart even though he flops all the time" LOL
The ceiling is the roof.
PG already coming, we dont gotta do shit.
ESPN only
Alright, time to watch the game &amp; not read your negative comments on every lil thing.
I can defend most games, but I got nothing for this one. Magic needs to have a talk with these guys &amp; Rob needs to start looking at making moves.
Thats no excuse. Most of the league can get traded at any point, you cant worry about it.
https://twitter.com/LakerFilmRoom/status/948802251467907072
You guys should really learn the how the business works. If you change the FO of any team, its going to take years to get to the point they want to get to. Alot of our roster is constructed due to limitations from the previous FO. Magic/Rob havent even been there 1 full year yet.
"Most reactionary bunch of fans" is 100% right. I dont understand what they expect. Every loss is treated like the whole system is a failure &amp; we need to fire/trade everybody. Calm the fuck down.
Please link me quotes of Magic/Rob publicly saying they are trading anybody. You cant, because they arent. The media is.
Bullshit title to get clicks.
You really need to get a life bro, or maybe grow up.
Hes older &amp; the league has changed. He still gives the Lakers good minutes in limited playing time. Also a good vet for the young guys to learn from.
I'll be more upset if we lose to Atlanta.
No idea what he expected. If you sign with Sac, youre signing for the money, not to win.
lol, if im Melo, Im making Westbrook pay for my fine.
KD brings another animal to the table.
No. I have plenty of stuff to do.
Most of this sub doesnt understand basketball anyways, Im not suprised.
now
Its the NBA, there are alot of guys that get paid to do nothing.
I still believe it can happen. It just takes 1 or 2 really good trades.
Stop worrying about the Celtics. As long as Lebron is in the league, the Celtics aint winning shit.
Im not worried, were gonna be fine.
delete. you clearly dont know Kobe
Its been like this for years....
omg, catch the fucking ball
Great season, sad to see it end like that.
Just cuz of this thread, Im going to go vote.
This subs obsession with KCP is unreal. At the time, it was worth it, the Lakers couldnt see into the future how it would play out. There is still plenty of season left to turn it around.
Glad somebody else notices these things. So many people seem to be blind to his mistakes.
Im almost 100% sure he will never put on a Lakers uniform again. Id rather develop young guys at this point.
100% agree. Im not worried. Every season has its low points &amp; were just going thru it now.
yes, this drives me crazy. Just pass the ball out and get a open shot for somebody else.
Agreed. I think Randle could be great for another team. He just doesnt fit with the way were trying to play.
lol, starting to see why Atlanta sucks so much.
Jack Black for the win
I guess were just gonna injure all of Atlantas players.
This is gonna be a long night of sloppy basketball...
KUUUUUUUZZ
Look at that, Lakers are finally waking up.
yes, they are supposed to do that.
Him &amp; Worthy are at the game.
Damn thats crazy.
Who the hell "takes a break" from a team? Im riding with my team no matter what is happening. Every team has drama, we just get a spotlight on us cuz this is LA &amp; one of the greatest franchises in sports. Were gonna get thru it &amp; be back on top eventually.
Stop making something out of nothing.
I honestly dont care who gets it.
Bad news for the Hawks is Lou Williams is healthy.
FYI, I completely disagree with this story. Lonzo is part of the Lakers future. Its way too soon to be overreacting like this.
Its insane that the people that follow this guy on twitter agree with him: https://twitter.com/BillPlaschke/status/950550632900968448 - Lost credibility for writing this story imo.
Im not usually one to post this stuff, but I thought it was so insane that it was worth showing how crazy people are thinking right now. Im totally fine if mods wanna delete this thread.
My only guess is he was trying to slap the ball up, but completely missed.
Looks good.
Lebron is gonna win it this year.
wtf are with these dumbass questions lately?
Sit on the ground close to your TV, boom! new angle. your welcome.
FFS! At least he didnt sign the contract yet... I wonder if they still sign him.
dont know, dont care. i hate college sports.
So he agreed to this AFTER the concussion right? xD
22 points in FIVE minutes!
Kings trying to build a house with all these bricks
BI had 2 fouls. Lonzo, idk, but he came out last game around the same time.
For those that are upset Lonzo came out, listen to this at the 5:41 mark &amp; youll understand: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V51396HLoxs&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=5m41s
ROFL!
Nobody is trying to outshine anybody. Kuzma is a rookie, hes going to make mistakes.
I doubt it. Unless we were winning the entire game.
fyi, Lonzo has played the most minutes of anybody on either team (18). I know we all hate when he sits, but he gotta get rest sometimes. Id rather him sit more in the first half than the second half anyways.
4 fouls, he'll be back in soon.
Lonzo trying to get his triple double
30 assists, great ball movement
He shoulda said it before we played the Warriors, Rockets &amp; Cavs.
Its funny, this could be nothing but since we all know a trade is coming, were freaking out about it.
Same here, lol. Im like "o shit here it is.... o nm"
I honestly wonder where the Clippers would be without Lou Will right now.
I hate the Clippers but Im a Lou Will fan. Hes the only reason the Clippers have any wins with Blake out.
No, that was a xmas thing.
Rapaport also said Lonzo "doesnt play any defense".... like wtf.
LOL. Riiiiiight.
Winnable game if we play like we have been without the turnovers. Spurs wont let us get away with many mistakes.
I look forward to what he has to say about Lonzo after the game.
Too ez
Not a snapchat, just a video from the reporter that tweeted it.
TNT only game. Lets play better than the Cavs are right now, geez
I think we've reached a new low on here.
Barkley always hating on the Lakers, smh.
No, he admits it all the time.
PASS THE BALL RANDLE!
Randle came out &amp; the ball starts moving. Amazing how that works.
I was just thinking this. I swear he has tunnel vision
Glad Nance is finally taking some shots
KCP has really good energy tonight.
Ya it is, I just rewinded to check.
His best game Ive seen in awhile. Good to see.
Pop putting the bench in, GAME. OVER.
ah shit, now I feel bad about Coreys streak
Im going to assume Luke &amp; Corey talked about it. Lets not just assume Luke screwed him over.
Chuck is on another level with the hate tonight.
confidence imo.
I honestly dont care if they show it or not, but Id imagine that if they dont show it this year they will do it next year.
Expected W-L: 9-31 (30th of 30)
I agree. If it doesnt affect Lonzo's game, I dont care what LaVar says. The media wont stop tho, as long as people show interest in what he has to say, they will keep putting a mic in his face.
I like Windhorst, but Im having a hard time believing this one.
I hope another team gives him a chance.
I can almost guarantee sub-races arent releasing with the patch.
I love how the haters still find excuses.
Pretty much everybody between ages 28-30
already posted earlier: https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/7pzm12/fizdale_to_replace_luke/
"Brewer’s run ended well short of the all-time streak, which is owned by Lakers great A.C. Green. Green played in 1,192 straight games from 1986 to 2001." - Still insane how long AC Greens record is.
No, No, Yes, Yes, Who Cares, Yes, Yes.
lol
"You aint blowin in my ear again"
I WISH the Clippers would move, but thats unlikely. Memphis or New Orleans seem possible.
WHY WOULD U GO TO RANDLE!?
I swear Randle gets stripped of the ball all the time. Dribbles high and away from his body, so easy to grab.
*sighs in relief*
Half way point of the season 15 wins of 42 games, still on pace for 30 wins &amp; I believe we can get over that based on the teams left in the schedule.
His focus &amp; energy look so much better since his jail time ended. Seems to be communicating more &amp; looks more confident with his shot. Good to see.
Sounds like day-to-day right now. I wouldnt be suprised if he sits out a game or 2.
Finally shows Luke support publicly.
Ive probably spent thousands on this game since I started playing its been worth EVERY penny.
I like him, but Im annoyed with his recent talk about the Lakers not supporting Luke &amp; going after Fizdale. That was pure speculation.
Hell no.
Pretty sure he shouldnt need a wingman on that one xD
https://twitter.com/billoram/status/952644461691064321
Stats for you guys: https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/p/paytoga02.html
He hasnt had much NBA time to prove anything. Maybe he was at the recent G-League showcase &amp; Lakers saw something in him. Worth a shot. Doesnt mean he will get minutes right away.
G-League stats/videos: http://gleague.nba.com/player/gary-payton-ii/
Probably would have been better for the public not to know this cuz some idiots are gonna turn it into what they want it to be.
omg it does, LOL
Damn these early start games....
Some of yall are too negative. Yes we got 2 guys out, but at least were playing a bad team. Guys just need to step up &amp; play with energy
Its on Spectrum too
We gonna win cuz Big Game James is in the building!
Its official, we need to find a way to clone Lonzo. Anybody know any scientists?
The problem with that is his brothers dont really play like him.
Ya thats a flagrant 1 unfortunetly
Send James Worthy into the locker room to talk to these guys.
Theyve been trying to bring down his minutes cuz he was starting to wear down.
Good start, better defense &amp; pushing the pace.
I could literally hear them screaming at him thru the TV about the clock &amp; he doesnt react... like wtf
Alright fuck it, lets see what we got with GP2 &amp; give Zubac some minutes.
Gary Payton 2 in da game
Refs missing more calls
Its only been 2 minutes lol
Yes, thats actually something he was good at in Detroit.
and thats game.
Looks good so far.
People put too much value into the timing of trades. GMs &amp; Scouts arent basing their decision on how well somebody is currently playing, they have to consider the overall career.
We've had these guys 3-4 years now too. You cant get the "theyre young" argument anymore. If they havent figured things out by now, its time to go.
really? ur gonna be that guy that remembers things i said? ok. Would I rather have Caruso starting over Ennis or Clarkson? Yes, I still would. I dont know what your trying to get out of this.
Based on who this was posted by, I feel like this is a trick.
Why do you wanna bring this topic up again? Here is your answer: https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/7qklb1/ramona_this_morning_on_golic_and_wingo_jeanie/
Anybody thats a Lakers fan &amp; knows the Lakers support Luke, should be supporting Luke also. He isnt going anywhere. There is nothing more to it. Jeanies opinion is the only one that matters.
Fuckin refs man. I would say "maybe he said somethin" but I dont think he could have said much in 1 second between techs. sensitive mofos
Were like a month into this season.
When I first heard that nickname, I wondered if he actually liked it. Sounds too much like 'kitten'
Its January, the games dont matter much.
Ya the Cavs need more old players.
I saw it. It wasnt much of a push, fine with no call there.
He was with the team in Memphis yesterday, he was in the locker room at our last home game &amp; I heard somebody say he was at the xmas day game. So hes been around, I dont know if hes actually practicing with them tho.
Dantoni really got that old man "get off my lawn" look when he gets mad, lol
Bruh
Lakers
Easy 1 game suspensions for each at least.
Yes, we need this as a gif
"Lets settle this"... good luck with that.
yo this game literally gave us enough comedy for the rest of the week LOL
i wonder how many people wont notice the date.
This night has been pure comedy. Cant wait for next time they play.
He says he hit him, yet nobody seems to have video of it.
Yes, there will be suspensions and fines
Youre stupid. There is ZERO chance Lonzo gets traded for anybody.
shit post
Read the TOS &amp; youll understand.
why does everybody feel the need to make their own topic about this?
that must be it.
He deserved every bit of that.
This is our big 3 right here.
kuzmakyle is Kuz, the others are on the side panel here
PSA, check if something was posted already before posting it.
It was going to be buggy no matter when it came out. Changes as big as level scaling will break things. Theyre going to be making tons of hotfixes the rest of the week along with daily restarts to get things fixed.
It sucks that PG13 still doesnt get to play against his future PG
It doesnt matter how well something is tested on the PTR, when everything is merged with live servers, things break. Its a old game with 13 years of content, its not as simple as it seems.
Just like every legendary before, they will sit in your bank &amp; rot. Makes no sense at all to keep them upgrading.
I thought they made some good points on The Jump yesterday about the refs: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ22hpjenoU (skip ahead 30 seconds to get to the points)
lol, Bjelic related to you or something?
All I know is Ive been playing this game 11-12 years &amp; been around for every single patch in that time. Its been explained by Blizzard that things on the Live cant be replicated on PTR &amp; things happen. Are they ignoring bugs on the PTR? Probably, they do ignore things sometimes &amp; IDK why. Im just saying thats how its been for most of the games life. Things tend to get smoothed out over the week.
There are some dumb muh fuckers in the NBA world, I swear
where did you get this from? i looked it up on wowhead &amp; I dont see any source for it.
Im sure its happened multiple times.
Im usually pretty positive about most games, but Im worried this is gonna get ugly.
Mild Sprained Knee
Westbrook just hurt his thumb in warmups.... might be out?
its on spectrum too
Did a quick google search &amp; it says 4-6 weeks, but I hope its not that bad.
BI doesnt look 100% to me. Either the ankle is still bothering him or something else.
you must have missed alot of games.
Welp, this thread is about to get toxic, probably time to stop reading.
Yes, its what I expected before the game started, except the injuries. How can I get that frusturated that a playoff team with 3 all-stars is beating a young team with injuries? Gotta be realiistic about these games sometimes.
I can almost guarantee you that Clarkson is gone before the trade deadline.
This belongs in the stupid opinions thread.
cuz this game was gonna change the season.
People so sensitive nowadays.
I miss November Kuzma
Yes. Takes a few more seconds to kill
according to basketball reference, they have the worst attendance "Attendance: 295,679 (30th of 30)"
idk why ur getting downvoted, its true. both these guys always complaining they dont get enough appreciation.
idk who he is, but i hope hes hungry. we need all the help we can get right now.
best post of the day.
If anybody on the team is sore, they should sit out. We cant have nagging injuries that keep costing us games.
They should just increase the rosters by 2 or 3 spots.
idk why people spend so much time thinking about this stuff.
"Hear me out." no
Thats either fake or a really old picture. Missing tattoos.
followup post "meanwhile, Austin Rivers had zero player votes" LOL
wtf those cant be the right peppers.
idk anything about peppers, but on the Jump I saw slim red ones, these were thick green ones.
Checked again today and found 3. Guess I just had bad luck before
Chromatic Sword i think
This makes no sense to me.
because the API is down..... until Blizzard fixes it, it wont update for anybody.
Its hilarious how everybody throws in Dengs contract for every trade. Nobody wants it!
holy shit that scared me lol
https://us.battle.net/forums/en/wow/topic/20760916968#post-8
Im actually glad hes sitting, we need our guys to get healthy so we can beat the Knicks &amp; Celtics.
i believe he would trade anybody except Lonzo, but I would hope he keeps Ingram too.
WE MADE A FREE THROW!
TACOS!
FIRST TEAM TO WIN A GAME SHOOTING UNDER 20% FT SINCE 63-64 - LOL WTF
I dont see Trudell leaving. Ramona works for ESPN, she covers everybody.
Its amazing that he doesnt realize this, smh.
You deserved the ban &amp; it has nothing to do with the word censored.
Just another issue in the game Blizzard likes to ignore.
cuz there are usually at least 5 people camping him and his respawn timer is 30-60 minutes. im sure u can figure out why that makes it difficult to farm.
im convinced youre trolling now.
this topic is soft
Duh
What inconsistency? Updates are reported damn near everyday.
wow! Beasly has 4 fouls, thats great for us.
Good half, but feels like we should have a bigger lead with KP &amp; Beasley in foul trouble.
Everytime its broke in the past, it seems to take Blizzard 1-2 weeks to get it back up. I still dont understand why it takes so long to fix.
i wasnt. weve had him 4 years, this is his 3rd season
Ive been saying Caruso is better than Ennis all season &amp; people thought I was crazy.
Confirmed, better than Steph Curry.
Man, some of yall should really learn how the NBA works before suggesting things like this.
Sounds pretty accurate.
We went with the group that was winning the game &amp; youre upset that Kuzma, who was playing bad defense, didnt go back in the game? Sounds like youre the one that doesnt make any sense.
Exactly. Its about teaching him.
I heard that too. That explains why he fumbles the ball so much.
I hope this is a joke.
yup. These topics make my head hurt. idk how it even crosses anybodys mind as a possibility.
I hate people that post this shit.
It still amazes me how the Clippers have no self composure. Complaining on every call or no call, getting techs in a tie game, 2 coaches ejected. smh
Ive been coming around on Boogie this season. Im still not a huge fan of his attitude, but dude puts up crazy stats. Im pretty confident we have a very good chance at getting him this summer.
This guy always posts the most random shit with no grammar. Im pretty sure hes around 15 years old.
this made me LOL
yo, the next couple weeks are gonna be LIT!
This is pretty common for injured players to get treatment during the game.
Go to your AH &amp; check what other people are selling for. If none are up, look it up on UndermineJournal
Ya they were true. Woj told us not to tell you.
Didnt realize Boston shot the 3 this well, geez.
KUUUUUUZZMANIA!
I havent heard Staples get this loud in awhile!
please dont lose this game due to free throws. please dont lose this game due to free throws. please dont lose this game due to free throws.
does Kyrie ever fuckin miss!?
so glad we got it to Clarkson. Seems to be the only guy that can shoot free throws.
Its all about what we can get for him. If trading him makes us better, do it, if not, wait.
Now we just need Nance in the dunk contest.
A couple other guys I see practice updates from: https://twitter.com/Mike_Bresnahan https://twitter.com/billoram
I love Ingram, but I gotta say Kuzma just seems to have something BI doesnt.
who this about? did i miss something today?
make the court size a lil bigger so guys dont step out of bounds all the time.
Pretty suprising, but Im not gonna hate on Shaq. He's always liked the more agressive players.
Lopez vs Lopez
Weve been winning with him off the bench, no reason to change things right now.
did Portis get hurt? hes their leading scorer &amp; only played 14 min
ha, so just bad coaching. i see hes back now.
This was actually pretty funny, lol.
Brook should be back in this game
ROFL, FAIL
cant make any dumb mistakes right now. they shoot the 3 good &amp; we suck at free throws
JC 100% from the FT, somebody buy that guy dinner
Undefeated in the Mamba jerseys.
Yup, if I was a coach I wouldnt be very happy with that game even tho we won.
Shouldnt assume that, but lets hope its not.
"If I was a coach".. I wasnt talking about anybody.
Great camera work.......
Its good to hear that hes been around the team just trying to help as much as he can. Most guys wouldve been on a long vacation.
so many things wrong with this post, i dont even wanna start.
"normal" teams dont win championships.
I believe that means his knee blew out
Well this has been a shitty 24 hours in the NBA. sigh...
wtf
Damn I didnt realize he retired. Seems that he deleted his twitter too. I wonder what made him retire.
When things happen on social media, it will be posted on this reddit within a minute. So if you discover something that happened yesterday, its very old news to us.
Marc Gasol is 32 YEARS OLD, wtf is this guy talking about.
Bigger, stronger, smarter
Heres the article: https://www.ocregister.com/2018/01/26/back-in-chicago-luol-deng-says-he-still-hopes-for-trade-or-buyout-from-lakers/
Ive never heard that. Read this: https://www.ocregister.com/2018/01/26/back-in-chicago-luol-deng-says-he-still-hopes-for-trade-or-buyout-from-lakers/
I dont like the energy of this start. Need to push the pace more.
Looks like everybodys shot is off today. This could get ugly. edit: ugly-er
I swear we cant catch a break in this game.
Shooting 37% &amp; weve missed 10 free throws. Just cant win playing that bad.
omg, this is the worst weve been at guarding the 3 in awhile.
I think the Lakers spent too much energy making fun of Kuzmas pimp coat yesterday
I think Zubac &amp; TB are with South Bay right now, I havent seen them on the bench.
They are the best, thats why they do the finals.
LOL, This is the greatest tweet from a team ever. 10/10
Shit just got real.
Watch the guy with the worst contract take the game super serious, lol
Another random guess, hes watching his brothers play &amp; they did something funny.
With the BfA Q&amp;A on Tuesday, its very possible they could announce something there.
Put Markelle Fultz on the 1950 Minneapolis Lakers, does his shot look normal?
Pretty sure thats how its always been.
Unfortunetly that drug wears off after a month or 2.
No guarantee he will be with the team after this year, but Im sure you know that.
The Lakers have been THAT bad?
Dont get me wrong, I still love the game, but it seems like most people get to the point where the upgrades are so hard to get that the nonstop grinding makes them quit. I still like to come back every other season and play for a month before I lose interest
Willing to bet that GM is from Phoenix or Sacramento
Clippers are being blown up &amp; it makes me soooo happy!
who?
Ask me after the trade deadline &amp; lets see whos here and whos not.
This news is like an hour old, youre slow.
He gone. Id be suprised if hes back next year.
I highly doubt it. Give the guy some time to adjust &amp; get to know his new teammates in a practice or 2.
If the NBA does the 1% cut of gambling bets, it will go up alot more.
Enjoy the rest of this year, cuz we back on top next year.
I wish, but too much money in LA. At least they will move arenas where they can hang their 2nd Round banners, lol.
No idea what your talking about. 1 hour is normal
I wouldnt call it karma. They legit had years to make something happen &amp; didnt do shit.
Another positive about DJ is hes managed to stay pretty healthy &amp; not miss tons of games like CP &amp; Blake did.
I invested alot in the last month because when the BfA preorders are announced (possibly tomorrow), it will start to go up &amp; stay higher than what its at now.
They showed this stat on GameTime last night, the Warriors are like 5 games behind, so if Suns ever go a game without a 3, Warriors will easily take over.
I invested now, Ive tryed to be patient too many times in the past &amp; always get screwed.
Id actually be suprised to see any team not have at least 1 3 in a game nowadays.
how the hell he gon complain for goaltending, lol
"omg, blake got traded? i gotta post this on reddit right away, i bet im the only person thats heard about it so far"
this is gold. im so glad this on video.
I expect them to be just as good as they have been.
Im not even worried about this. There is no chance in my mind he would go there over us. Clipper fans can keep dreaming.
no
This is bullshit, I can almost guarantee it.
No. I still have a level 90 boost from WoD
Yup, with the allied races, new BG coming &amp; still some story to finish on the artifact weapons, Im sure Blizzard will try to keep us busy while we wait for the xpac.
i remember the days when LiveStreamFails featured actual FAILS and not just random clips from streams.
What if John Wall actually just wants a vacation?
I guess Soda never saw the SNL Celebrity Jeopardy with the category 'Therapists'
that lazy boost
You can use B.net balance. Do you have enough in your balance? Maybe it doesnt show up if you dont have enough.
Put in a ticket, they can probably do something as long as its within a week or 2.
There always feels like there is tension between Paul &amp; Jalen/Chauncey on Countdown. Id be a little suprised if he was still on there next season.
You cant give Curry a half court shot with 1 second left. Too much space &amp; time, lol.
Yo Google
I wish they had it at least for the Finals. Looks like they put it in front of the benchs.
Clarkson is clearly nervous about his first Finals. Hes taken mostly good shots. His team needs to just tell him to relax &amp; play like any other game.
okay javale!
First halfs are just warmups for the Warriors.
JR...... "huh? what? did we win?" lmao
JR crashed reddit
Come on man. I swear Im gonna be pissed if somebody gets suspended
Sorry your not a real NBA fan.
Only lazy people blame the refs. Refs dont miss shots, free throws, make defensive mistakes &amp; turn the ball over.
I was wondering WTF he was doing, lol
Only lazy people blame the refs. Refs dont miss shots, free throws, make defensive mistakes &amp; turn the ball over.
Watch a game and keep track of all the correct calls &amp; compare it to the bad calls.
Refs dont miss shots, free throws, make defensive mistakes &amp; turn the ball over. The refs didnt cost the Cavs a game.
Thats literally nothing.....
Just here to call you lazy for looking for people to blame.
I dont blame him, Its the Finals. Fuck a turnover, Im playing until the clock hits zero.
I dont blame you. Alot of crazy shit gets said on here.
LOL
bumped into each other = slammed to the ground?
Agreed. Cant change the past, just be better next game.
I bet OP read the L2M report and wanted to make it seem like he actually noticed it.
Its not a problem. If people would educate themselves on referees, you would see its fine.
Congrats on learning this hours after it was announced and acting like your the first person to post it.
Nothing was worth a suspension.
Cant take somebody serious with that name.
He's listed as Questionable, so this story is bullshit.
Lonzo
That. Is. Hilarious. lololol
I see ya ZO!
JR, thats not your shot bro
pretty sure Bell just said "bitch ass hoe ass mutha fucka man"
idk why the starters are still in. you have zero timeouts &amp; no chance to make a run
Zaza almost took out a ref, lmao
and thats why you dont taunt the great players.
The only way he would stay is if they can bring in 2 great players &amp; since they have so many bad contracts, I dont see that happening. He coming to the Lakers IMO.
They cant.
Im gonna need to fact check this.
How dare he have fun playing a game.
I actually have noticed that. They point out the bad calls on the Cavs, but not when they happen to GS &amp; of course dumb people only notice the bad calls when its pointed out to them.
Hes just tired. Its seemed to me that hes only putting up huge numbers every other game over the last couple series. Id expect him to have a big game 3.
Super teams dont last more than 4-5 years based on history. Its almost over. GS is getting older, contracts will be coming up &amp; more teams are getting better.
Kinda explains why they looked so demoralized in OT, LeBron really showed his emotion there.
After thinking about it alot, Id be suprised if they both didnt come to the Lakers. Its just a perfect fit in my mind.
PG &amp; LBJ will be on the Lakers. Its gonna happen.
This might be the stupidest thing Ive read today.
Sounds like when I wake up tomorrow, Ill be seeing "Colangelo Fired" news.
If he has a serious injury, were gonna be stuck with that contract.
2nd to last game of the season, lets go!
i heard that too
Cavs have gotten alot of calls go their way &amp; their fans still complaining, smh.
Chuck speaking the truth on NBATV. The Cavs defense was really shit tonight. So many breakdowns.
