Would you guys want a reset if you lose matches due to the horizontal sniper view glitch?
"Progress in our world will be progress towards more pain." "Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards."
As a medical device R&amp;D engineer, I do not see this happening within 15 years. What I think is more likely to happen, is that by 2030 we will start to see technologies that allow us to augment and *replace* certain functions of the brain, heart, muscle, bone, eye, etc. and our senses. I do not see based on the amount of published work we have currently, how we're going to be able to backup our brains by 2030 when we're barely able to replace all 5 of our senses in any acceptable means possible. The area of research that should be leading the way is Cybernetics, but I don't see or hear anything going on in this field besides 3D printing of cellular scaffolds.
Working late interferes with the hamster's eating schedule.
I like how its so quiet before it kills something.
&gt; Unlock Swingfire, Arty, or the Leopard, then play normally. Yeah, with the Swingfire lets just camp in base with the 505m view range and not help our team. Seriously, this needs to stop.
I don't know if this is glitch, but you can't use it to go up to the next tier. I've used the global currency to free xp pass the 3rd gun and APCR round on the LAV-300. Any sane person would do if this were open beta.
No one would play swingfire if they nerf it so it has nothing over the BMP-2. At least the BMP-2 has a gun and ATGM.
This is so true. Having lived in Japan 19+ years, the business culture is highly inefficient. Saying something as simple as: "Let's postpone the meeting at 10AM due to the lack of attendees" could take a full essay via e-mail.
Don't forget the 25% view range bonus that AFV's have when stationary. That's what made the swingfire with the 505m view range OP. It was practically able to stay still at 100% camo with a view range of 631 meters.
Donald/Palin 2016 ?
More like it'll become a mandatory public option that people need to subscribe to even if you're non-christian.
I've used HEP on the LAV-300 when both HEAT and AP doesn't go through tanks frontally on higher tiers. The RoF sort of makes up for the lower damage and helps track them too.
That's where all the Flesh Pounds come from.
Translation: Supreme Court upholds botched executions as not cruel and unusual punishment.
&gt; Some 300 protesters took part in the rally to denounce fascism and protest against Abe's administration. Only 300? What kind of "rally" is this?
Ask for a mobile-tank for starters.
The issue I had was more about the fact that you have to pay extra for each additional state in TurboTax. If the software claims to be able to get you a better deal than filing it on your own, then it should provide that much more value if you're paying extra. Otherwise, it should be free or give you a warning that part-time/non-residents might not be calculated correctly for state returns. This was a big problem when I had to file IL, DE, and MD, while working for a company owned in NJ during one tax year. I had to do the DE &amp; IL non-resident tax returns on my own, since Turbotax only allowed me to do a full-year resident tax return (despite me telling it I only lived part-time), which would have forced me to pay $600+ in state taxes. When I filed the returns on my own, I got about $200 back and lost $40 to the worthless DE/IL Turbotax state tax returns.
[Relevant](http://ctrlzstudio.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/atttmobile.jpg)
I did a research paper in high school on the whole dispute. What's so funny to this day, is that if you asked people in 1989 on the likelihood of East Germany reunifying with the West vs. the islands being transferred to Japan, people would have sworn the latter would occur first and yet, it's been 27 years since the collapse of the Berlin Wall. Going back on-topic, the reason why Japan wants a formal peace treaty with Russia to end World War II, is due to an agreement both countries made in 1956. The [1956 Soviet-Japanese Joint Declaration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuril_Islands_dispute#1956_Soviet-Japanese_Joint_Declaration) states that if a peace treaty were to be signed, Iturup and Kunashiri will remain under Russian sovereignty while Shikotan and Habomai will be under Japanese control. So in essence, the framework of splitting the 4 disputed islands is already in place. However, there have been a couple of factors on both sides of why the dispute is still a big problem. Reasons why Japan did not/couldn't accept the 1956 joint agreement: * By accepting a peace treaty, Japan will automatically lose any future claim to Iturup and Kunashiri. * The US intervened in the original deal, stating that if Japan concedes to giving up the islands then it should lay claim to Okinawa, which was already occupied at the time by the US. * The US foreign policy at the time was a policy of containment against the threat of Communism, and any resolution of conflict between Japan and the USSR would be detrimental to that policy. Japan was seen as a bulwark against Communism as shown by the number of military bases and operations originating from Japan. * The dispute to some Japanese nationalists has been ongoing fuel for claiming the victimization of Japan during WWII, being stabbed in the back by the breach of the Soviet-Japanese Neutrality pact, the seizure of the islands after August 15th 1945, and Japanese POWs that were left behind in the Soviet Union. * The ongoing dispute solidifies the need for a US presence, due to a on-going threat of Soviet aggression. Reasons why the Soviet Union did not/couldn't accept the 1956 joint agreement: * The oceans around the islands are a strategic resource to Russia, with it separating the Sea of Okhotsk from the Pacific Ocean. During the Cold War, nuclear subs were stationed there to launch potential warheads against the US. * The ocean is rich in marine life, due to the islands being in a location where cold and warm currents meet. * If Russia were to lose territories occupied at the end of WWII, the US should also lose its claim of occupying Okinawa. * If Russia "gives back" territories to Japan, there could be a wave of demands from Eastern Bloc countries. * Over 2 generations of Russians lived and died on the islands, with many buried on its soil. * The islands are a matter of national pride and winning the war on the eastern front. * There was still some distrust of the Japanese, with Stalin in WWII comparing the surprise attack on Port Arthur in 1904 to that of 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor.
For a moment, I thought the spider was multiplying by binary fission.
I'm fine with this as long as there's a Martian Combiner Mech that can fire rocket punches. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7HQeSFkr7Q
Broken link?
Don't forget the other naming system: Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, Zeta, Theta, and Iota, etc.
You mean sea-monkeys?
Like the Kardashev scale type IV civilization that's building a alien super-structure around KIC 8462852?
Agreed. You can't work in my industry in R&amp;D or Manufacturing/Industrial Engineering without an engineering degree, so calling them all worthless is a bold statement. Even then, it's hard to get your foot in the door at least at my place in California. The progression for entry level jobs is usually: Internship -&gt; Contractor -&gt; Engineer I The progression for intermediate level jobs is usually: 2-4 years industrial experience -&gt; contractor/full-time -&gt; Sr. Engineer, etc. For example, if you don't have a Master's degree or Ph.D., you better have good connections or an excellent academic and/or internship record for you to even be considered. Although, I am not the hiring manager, I frequently give tips to my manger on whether an applicant is self-motivated by looking at the number of peer-reviewed journal publications (Ph.D or Master's) or if he's a "quitter" by failing to follow-through a 4-5 year Ph.D program and settle for a 2 year Master's.
Oil companies: "We don't know who struck first, us or them, but we know that it was us that scorched the sky. "
I was joking the other day that they'll take from the poor and give to the desperate, but I never expected it to become real.
Reminds me of *Childhood's End* where humanity dies off by having their children leave them and the rest becoming sterile.
That's why in other games like EvE, people have to multi-box to get some fun out of things like mining. Is Elite heading in the same direction?
So what are they avenging?
"I'm gonna violate you!"
Just for clarification, isn't the turret a shot-trap?
Don't forget how they sold their soul to the Lord of Greed known as the real-money auction house on initial release.
Because "Nipponium" was already [named](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masataka_Ogawa)
Liked how he stopped just to get stomped.
No, per the article: &gt;"I think it’s a very big deal. In fact it occurred to me that this was almost the scientific **equivalent to Hillary Clinton becoming the first woman to be nominated for a U.S. presidential election**,” Scerri says.
&gt;“It is unbelievable that this kind of thing could happen in America which claims to be democratic and free,” Key word: "claims"
Because if a machine, an algorithm, can learn the value of human comedy, maybe we can too.
Don't forget taxes....nothing escapes from taxes.
&gt;“The free lunch is over with,” said Wilson, who said he looked only at the cold, hard math of the situation. “This was a business decision.” No shit, it's a business decision as opposed to what? A personal one?
They probably don't have enough hammers since their city population is decreasing due to famine.
Also don't forget how they can patent genes, certain bacterial/embryonic strains, and medical procedures in the US.
What about nuclear fusion?
&gt;The Liberal Democratic Party has run Japan for nearly all of the past 60 years, except for 2 election periods. The running joke was that they were not liberal, democratic, or a real party. &gt;There's the Komeito who are Buddhist conservatives, the Communist Party who are more democratic socialists really They are a cult. They have followers bang on random people's doors despite the residents not liking it. It's also mandatory that they vote in each election period.
I'm assuming some serious border issues with Ireland and Spain (Gibraltar) since the border needs to be regulated between EU and non-EU member states. Scotland and Northern Ireland might want to leave the UK since they don't want to exit.
The warhead itself doesn't have a propulsion mechanism. It's like an underground rail-gun that fires a projectile that has a low radar cross-section, and the launch event will be undetectable by satellite due to the lack of a heat-signature characteristic of ICBM launches.
&gt;Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK to share a land border with another EU country, Gibraltar would like to say something.
Mr. Trump?
No wait, the Burger King aquisition wasn't customer friendly as expected? How surprising! /s
Build a wall around Gibraltar and make the Spanish pay for it!
&gt;"The UK suddenly feels very small." It's only going to get smaller when Scotland and Northern Ireland leaves.
*“A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.”* -Greek Proverb
&gt; Nothing is more pants shitting than having the FDA suddenly drop by for a visit. I mean it's a really big fucking deal. I work in med device and yes, the common joke with my QA engineers is: "Don't fuck with the FDA. They're the guys with a badge and a gun." Unlike 3rd party auditors for ISO/CE Mark, the FDA can throw you into jail if they feel like it. With European auditors, they could be upset about the findings, but at the end of the day, you're still paying for them to audit you.
&gt;The Abe administration had hoped that higher corporate profits would push up employee salaries and contribute to increased personal consumption, key elements needed to lift the Japanese economy out of a deflationary state. I can't believe that in this day in age, there are politicians still believing that corporate profits = increased salary.
And this is how Judgement Day was avoided.
&gt;I hope the governors in UK have a plan. [There is no plan](https://twitter.com/sgardner/status/747059883128692737)
It's fucking Macross Plus and YF-21 vs Ghost X-9
[Related](http://i.imgur.com/pfmVHIg.png) (/r/Polandball)
&gt;The world’s largest e-commerce retailer said this past week it has 45,000 robots in some 20 fulfillment centers. **That’s a bigger head count than that of the armed forces of the Netherlands**. &gt;The idea would allow Amazon to field just one type of drone, instead of several types in which each is designed to carry different types of packages or travel at various distances. The shroud of automation has fallen. Begun the Drone War has.
[AMX-015 Geymalk](http://gundam.wikia.com/wiki/AMX-015_Geymalk) Because there's never enough beam spam.
&gt;Can't seem to talk without Putins hand rammed right up its arse. Talk about grabbing them by the *****!
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
They're not including 2017, I guess?
&gt; Trump ain't going to get Congress to shell out the cash for two walls. Don't worry, he'll make Canada pay for it this time /s
/r/civpolitics
Speaking of which, may thought Lafter would have died by the drill kick by Graze Ain. I guess, she wasn't able to run away from fate?
I sure as hell don't buy it. If they were serious about it, they would have issued a EO correcting the earlier mistake. It's probably lip service.
Or...the universe is trying to expand away from Trump /s
&gt;And I’m confident that, if there’s a real problem, he can take care of it.” Sounds like this guy needs to go home and sleep since God can take care of politics for him.
&gt; The US is too important in world affairs and economics for them to retaliate immediately. Exactly. Too big to fail, too big to jail on a global ecological standpoint. Although I don't support Trump or the GOP at all, I would be surprised to see if there's any international action since all these other countries know that they too would suffer from any retaliatory consequences from the US.
&gt; Minnesota here! We live to be outside. Damn right we will join! I thought Target and 3M are based in Minnesota and 3M literally means: Minnesota **Mining** and Manufacturing Company. Remember, 3M produced all those PFOS chemicals that leaked and you have other heavy weights like Delta Airlines that might not have an incentive to reduce their carbon footprint.
So, does this mean that Trump is a job killer?
I'm still waiting for the day when Trump is going to "give back" Alaska to the Russians and say it's the best deal since the Alaska Purchase. He may even spin it as making Canada pay for it's own defense.
&gt;Some critics have accused the group - which has met every year since 1954 - of plotting to impose a one-world government. Why am I pretty sure that they're not thinking of a one-world government under Trump?
Which is more offensive? A charity openly receiving money from the founder's father or a foundation openly billing a charity as an event venue? It's like the question of whether you want to eat shit that tastes like curry or curry that tastes like shit. Anyone with any taste buds will know what each tastes like.
&gt; Because I am starting to worry about that and how many people would just eat it up. Not only that, Trump can have the Federal government strike these down by stating individual states can't make trade agreements with foreign nations. Foreign policy as defined in The US Constitution Article 1, Section 10 States: &gt;"No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay." California is already in [Western Climate Initiative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Climate_Initiative) which is a cap &amp; trade agreement with Canada, which my be ruled as unconstitutional.
&gt;DETROIT - Four people were hit by a **pickup truck** Thursday at a Tesla popup event outside Shinola headquarters in Detroit Was the truck a Ram pickup truck?
Don't worry, we have Artificial Incompetence in the US healthcare system so no number of computers can match the conflicts of interest of US politicians.
Better as in more "effective" per the FDA requirements for [clinical trials](https://www.fda.gov/aboutfda/transparency/basics/ucm269834.htm): &gt;"The company performs a series of clinical trials in humans in three phases, which FDA monitors, to test if the drug is effective and safe." The FDA doesn't review things like cost, and pain to the patient is part of the risk benefit analysis shows that their product is overall, is more safe and effective than conventional treatments. For example, a drug can more painful than traditional treatment, but if it provides a more favorable prognosis and the duration is really short, it can be viewed as being "effective" while being safe. The issue is that if a drug is not clearly shown to be more effective or safer than what's currently out there. If the clinical trial shows that it's a mixed bag, it doesn't matter if the drug is significantly cheaper to make, since cost is never a factor for FDA approvals (although, it is for the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid for approved drugs). The FDA will usually not approve the drug, since existing modes of treatment are considered good enough and you are adding new (unknown) risks to an existing patient base.
I'm willing to bet that there will be people in the future that will complain how the government can take their stick-shift from their "*cold dead hands*" in the US. Driving to them is just as American as the Ford Model T, Taylorism, and owning a gas-guzzling [6000 SUX](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl8mQhxhE_Q) that you drive in. If autonomous driving cars are not cheaper, then people will see it as an attack on the middle-class and the American dream of driving a car in your teens.
I would imagine the power requirements for this thing are going to be more than trying to start a nuclear fusion reactor.
I knew the US was the Gallante Federation with their drones and blasters.
&gt;"With AI, our words will be a window into a our mental health" Let me guess, if your Crime Coefficient is above a certain level you get shot by a Lethal Eliminator beam, correct?
Maybe they can start importing coal from N.Korea?
&gt;Craftsman used to be a mark of high quality American made goods, now it's just a label slapped onto some cheap outsourced shit that means nothing. They stood on the shoulders of geniuses to accomplish something as fast as they can, and before they even knew what they had, they patented it, and packaged it, and slapped it on a some scrap-metal, and now....they're selling it.
But they're pro-life. The true death party is those who advocate no gun control, pro-choice, pro-death penalty, pro-repealing ACA, and cutting food stamps &amp; medicare/medicaid.
If he retires, America is going to end it's status as a constitutional democracy.
Don't worry, we'll have Neo-Trumpism candidates in the next election cycle where we'll mourn the loss of regular Trumpism. /s
They might as well. At this point, they might as well officially endorse the Taliban and the worst thing they get is a week of media criticism. I honestly think there's nothing that the WH can do to lose support from their doom turtle (Mitchell McConnell).
This is where Trump was right about. Japan should get nukes, S.Korea should get nukes, and then we can have all this happy family with N.Korea, China, Russia, Japan, and S.Korea all with nukes and adjacent borders. /s
But not by the only court that matters in the nation, which is the Supreme court.
Prototype Grandeene?
Good. Now, when are they going to unify and put an end to this war?
Excerpt From CNN, Anderson Cooper 360°, 12/29/18: &gt;Anderson Cooper: So how credible is this prediction? &gt;Kellyanne Conway: The White House thinks this is highly credible. We have multiple sources, reliable sources, that say that the world might end on March fifth.... &gt;Screen shows the President's tweet from that morning "Aztec envoy told me world ending on 3/5. Terrifying!"
&gt; If your isp does it the state tells you to go pound sand. No, you could tell Ajit Pai and he'll just laugh at your face.
&gt; doubt bioplastic is going to pass for some uses like say medical IV bags and surgical tubing I work in medical device R&amp;D and you'll probably not like what I am going to say. Polycarbonate fittings, which are commonly used in surgery contain BPA. There is physically no other means of synthesizing polycarbonate except for polymerizing BPA. So, unless you ban polycarbonate and significantly reduce the surgical suite to use glass and metal fittings that can withstand high pressures, they'll not going away. Even if it is against European REACH regulations. Blood bags and surgical tubing is the opposite extreme. Both usually are made using plasticized (containing DEHP) PVC and there are other inferior alternatives (laminated LDPE, EVA, etc.) and more expensive alternatives (TPU) that cannot truly replicate the gas and water permeability of PVC. Turns out, the DEHP actually helps store the blood longer so the European Pharmacopoeia actually recommends the use of plasticized PVC for blood bags.
"Shroud explosion in Sol! Commonwealth of Man agents caught red-handed moments before blast! Major International Incident--All empires declare war on Commonwealth of Man!"
Sounds like one of the Groups of Interest (GOI) in the SCP universe.
Looks like we should all play [Nukem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZAGZvwHLz8), a quality home game from Butler Brothers.
Fanatic Materialist, Egalitarian, Machinist is rather broken. * Materialist lowers upkeep for robots * Materialist allows academic privilege = additional research * Fanatic Materialist speeds up research (+10% is rather big) * Fanatic Materialist allows research edicts = Further research boost with influence * Egalitarian lowers consumer goods = more minerals * Egalitarian increase faction influence * Egalitarian allows Democracy = Beacon of Freedom &amp; Parliamentary Civic Just throw in Beacon of Freedom (more unity), Machinist (free robots), thrifty (more energy) + intelligent (more research) + slow breeders, and you have a empire that's good at everything with robots replacing the slow pop growth. Not to mention, the Egalitarian ethic makes up for some of the negative diplomacy with Spiritualist empires. Not many empires like the spiritualist, authoritarian, xenophobic empires anyway.
I get this is something new I learned. I never knew that you can edit traits for the servile species, and it also makes sense to add Weak to the main one. I guess one of the problems I had was having the main species have Slow Breeders while the servile one had the default template.
Sounds like you've researched jump drives
Capitalize the gains and socialize the losses.
They should have changed it to: “Get-what-you-paid for.” Then, people wouldn’t cut corners.
A more better theory is that Turn A and Gundam SEED are the same universe. Here's [proof](https://i.imgur.com/B7psGP1.jpg).
So I guess it has a movable frame?
So how does homeowners insurance work in those situations? Don't the insurance company rip you off if they learn that it's vacant?
Since you say "Democrats" and not politicians, you are implying that there's a political party that cares more about the working or middle class. Which party exactly, are you talking about?
What about Mein Kampf or the Necronomicon?
Yes, they've visited NJ.
It's not a bug, but a feature. It's the only meaningful tactic one can use to defend themselves against bombardment.
Art of The Deal, Chapter II: Russian Boogaloo
There's apparently a violin made of stone called the [Blackbird](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackbird_(violin\)). Reminded me of SCP-409 for whatever reason.
Wouldn't it be a Neo-America creation though? After all, it's the country with Gundam McStar, no?
No, it's the GOC and that chair needs to be destroyed.
Some additional fuel material: 1. Has anyone already created an SCP regarding the myth of Polybius, the video game? 2. A variant of SCP-2046, but with prime numbers. I guess the name for it would be "Ulam's Nightmare". Ulam's Nightmare is an image of [Ulam's Spiral](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulam_spiral) with anomalous properties. The SCP creates it's own list of prime numbers and is a memetic hazard to viewers thinking the new prime numbers are real. Only ███ of the new numbers created follow the Foundation's prime number theorem. However, the SCP requires high security containment for the public to not discover the Foundation's own prime number theorem. The SCP also causes all matter to become unstable, since it has been theorized by the [Hilbert–Pólya conjecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilbert%E2%80%93P%C3%B3lya_conjecture) that the known zeros of the Riemann Zeta function are correlated with the quantum energy state of heavy atoms of which, the known zeros of the Riemann Zeta functions are dependent on the perfect distribution of prime numbers. If the SCP breaches containment, it will create a CK-Class restructuring scenario. 3. Similar to the above, but the phenomena of prime numbers being spaced out without explainable pattern being a keter-class cognitive hazard that has breached containment.
Is your dad Bruce Willis?
This is another reason why they switched to vulcan pods. It takes too much space in the head and swapping them out is not as easy.
I'm surprised that she didn't want to go back. At least according to Plato's [Allegory of the Cave](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegory_of_the_Cave) people like that eventually want to go back to the cave. &gt;"The prisoners, according to Plato, would infer from the returning man's blindness that the journey out of the cave had harmed him and that they should not undertake a similar journey. Socrates concludes that the prisoners, if they were able, would therefore reach out and kill anyone who attempted to drag them out of the cave (517a)."
"I love purges. I love rushes. I love defense platforms. I love embargoes. Proximity mines. I love mop-up operations and FTL retreats. Wars across planets, in sectors, in vassals, in protectorates, in alliances, in tombworlds, in ring worlds, in Fallen Empires. I love every act of war that can occur upon this universe! I love blasting the enemy to smithereens with kinetic artillery salvos that thunder across the lines of battle. My heart leaps with joy whenever a army is tossed high into the air and cut to pieces by well placed xeno calvary! And there is nothing like a admiral using a Battleship's XL Mega Cannon to destroy enemy fleets. And the feeling that comes when an Assault Army runs screaming from its post only to be mowed down by heavy fortification fire is such an exquisite feeling."
Hire a hitman on yourself
&gt;please cort knife cruiser 6xM Phase Distrupters, derp
IT IS NOT YET YOUR TIME BUT IT COULD BE
Too bad I couldn't do a write-in for Funny Valentine in 2016.
Well, it worked by proving that Bannon's words were not a work of fiction since it was a disclosure.
"Like a Bigly Meal"
So I guess their first suspects are those that eat at Burger king and drink Pepsi?
I'm pretty sure from his perspective it's better than Mexican /s
That makes a lot of "cents"
And yet, Russia infiltrated the world's biggest intelligent network and installed sleeper cells in the highest echelons of government. Keep listening to the Russian propaganda that continue to belittles Russia's involvement on the world stage. America is losing the Cold War and Russia learned that the only winner in MAD is a 3rd party bystander that survives after the main parties nuke each other.
Better than the Hindenburg though.
Yeah, I love how everyone and their mother has a dash cam but no one here is willing to give an example.
The problem is that there is no public train system in the world that can remain in business without government subsidies. Even Japan's subways that are some of the most efficient in the world are said to still lose money.
&gt; And even though it was the "will of the people", literally, they scrapped it anyway. Of course. Once you win the votes you never give it back.
First thing I'll do is resettle all the undesirables and xenophiles onto a tomb-world prison planet and then blast it to smithereens!
The Shroud. It is unbelievely strange and unsettling, but also... immediately familiar. Anyone with psionic powers will have seen this place in their dreams, though they likely did not know it at the time.
It's only a matter of time before they start mining Helium-3 from Jupiter or have someone threaten to drop a large asteroid to free humanity's tethers to Earth.
I think there needs to be a betting game where people need to think what's the most "treasonous" act Trump can do and have people still not call him a traitor. Winner gets to immigrate to Russia.
I thought Secretariat was a stable, genius
You think the reduction in doom stack size in 2.0 is by chance? No, it's Paradox's solution to this problem.
Sounds like they need to enforce the *Trump Doctrine*
Sounds like Trump supports Making Japan Great Again.
I'll destroy you, Being X!
*"I never thought fanatic purifiers would purify MY planet,' sobs Xenophile premier who opened borders to the Fanatic Purifier Spiritualists."*
Thanks Trump /s
Hope they add a habitat drop. Some empires need to show their primitives how to untether their souls from the weight of gravity.
Nuke it from orbit...it's the only way to be sure.
Amazing. Every word of what he just said was wrong.
Related to 2771?
That's the whole point. Thanks Trump /s
Glad we beat N.Korea and Russia /s
I read somewhere that 1 PD slot cancels 2 missile slots. Otherwise, there's no point in having PD. It would be the same reason why no one uses PD or counter-missiles in EvE Online since it's 1:1. The main advantage of PD is that you are significantly decreasing the DPS of the enemy fleet. If your PD shoots down 50% of the enemy missiles, that's at least 50% less in DPS. It's even worse if multiple missiles are aiming for the same target. Another key point to note: Energy torpedoes CANNOT be shot down by PD.
Well, he needs to support his base that voted for Giant Meteor 2016. He'll obviously launch all the nukes before he leaves.
Usually it starts with the Declare Rivalry
&gt;new player and watched the youtuber war and the game looked pretty fun I can't believe this. For the past week, everyone on this sub was lamenting how crappy the series was in grabbing new players and here we have a new one.
Is there a GOC equivalent?
Then you should get titans in the next expansion
&gt; having federations eventually integrate as one empire So this is how federations die...with thunderous applause.
SCP where it's an object in the Lagrange points of space and the objects are computer terminals left by an advanced alien civilization. The computer asks 1 question, but the consequence of answering the question wrong is a "penalty" or reset of mankind.
Secretariat is a stable, genius.
I liked UC's beam sabers, but 0083 wasn't too bad either.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads...
Here's a tutorial on how to [true (tech) level bitch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1Xr9uTIzTw).
Insult. Deletion Of Unwanted File.
There can only be one
There’s a SCP-JP article that’s a D&amp;D based one, but I can’t seem to find it. *Edit: Actually it's a -J one. SCP-1d6-j - Object Class: Double Keter
The mods really need to stick this topic. It's already 2 this month and it has shown up every month for the past 6 months, at least.
It's a relatively good kit, when compared to some of the sloppy joints on the Gaplant. Biggest issue is that it's next to impossible to stand on it's own.
&gt; a member of the "business" party brought in a lump of coal to parliament to announce: &gt; "This is coal. Don't be afraid. Don't be scared. This is how we're going to keep the lights on." Mr. Coal, meet [Mr. Snowball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E0a_60PMR8&amp;t=0m9s)
3519 since 2019 is going to be a blast!
You mean, Lord Aznabatman?
I'm 6'1" and I was 272 lbs. at one time in my life and now around 180 lbs.-ish after sacrificing my gallbladder. I think when I was around 270 lbs., I looked like that lol
Lizard people: The anime
2.0 is going to bring the boring part about Civ games where war is dragged on and you have 10x stacked Rifleman defending a city. At the same time, they're going to nerf fleet stacking so it's like removing the stacked units mechanic for offensive units, while keeping the stacking on defensive units.
Now, you have the joy to get up to 3 new tile blockers per planet at the cost of 1 ascension perk /s
It wasn't the pricing nor the food sickness scare that got me. I stopped eating there when I realized they were too lazy to invest in chip &amp; signature and my credit card info got stolen. Ripping your customers off is one thing, letting your customers get ripped off is another.
What's the point of a federation when you can't reorganize it into the first, galactic empire?
I was hoping more of relocating the filthy xenophile faction onto my tomb-world prison planet and blast it to smithereens in the form of minerals.
I read in my history books that the only good trait Nixon had was being tough on Communism. And yet, he established diplomacy with China and look where all the US jobs went.
You need to thank Tesla for inventing it. /s (Edison filed the patent for the use of AC electric on it as a smear campaign against AC electricity.)
&gt; Trump is undoing decades of diplomacy and war. I thought he already did.
Thus, the Infinity War
Don't worry. It's probably better than talking to squirrels.
I used to be an explorer like you, then I took a railgun to my canopy.
Communism: It's not a bug, it's a feature.
Stellaris 3.0 confirmed
Especially since the Never Trump voters went extinct on Nov. 9th 2016
Sort of like Diabolic Edict overpowered.
At least Sanic’s creator is still with Sega
Who ever thought mandatory PTO on your birthday has a very special place in hell. Seriously, I do not understand why this is a gimmic at so many US companies rather than giving people floaters.
Assholes are like opinions. Everyone has one.
“Rabbit 1, commencing reconnaissance operations.”
They need to purge the czars before they can Make Russia Great Again. /s
&gt;They are pro-birthers, not pro-lifers. Here's their master plan: If zygotes are considered humans, then zygotes going over the border and staying past their visa are also humans. Therefore, any person who was born in the US by parents who are not US citizens, are therefore here illegally and do not gain birthright citizenship. That's the plan and it has nothing to do with religion.
Admitting to obstructing justice is the best defense against obstructing justice
&gt;It is now the closest to the apocalypse it has been since 1953. &gt;They also mentioned **US President Donald Trump's "unpredictability"**, pointing to his often controversial tweets and statements. Don't encourage Trump to make history by making it move any closer to midnight.
If the DACA recipients don't like it, they can vote them out.
-Tips Hat- *"If you concede, you don't need to be held responsible for it."*
[True (tech) level bitch!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1Xr9uTIzTw)
&gt;I am fanatical egalitarian and **xenophile** There's your problem. Might as relabel Xenophile as governing ethics attraction -50%.
Do they have the right to rethink his election and the Iraq war?
Fake news
Are you seeing the husks of diamonds backs after molding?
&gt; When I first came into the field the recruiter said they don't negotiate Sounds like the recruiter needs to be fired. Seriously? No negotiating salary when applicants can come from companies that have anywhere between no 401(k) to free Cadillac health insurance plans, and you expect all to accept the same salary &amp; benefits? &gt;but recently I've found a position and have just met the vp for lunch. No offer discussed, but possibly this next week. Is your VP your boss? I've had interviews where some VP liked my resume &amp; background, but the hiring team hated me because they didn't have a position and I was wasting their time.
Why January and not July 2nd?
&gt;Trump misunderstand facts Make it shorter
"Death solves all problems. No person, no problem."
Allow people to make multiple habitats. Seriously, they're not a "mega structure" worthy of construction limitations.
Wasn't there this SCP where it was a isolated time loop where you had 2 people trapped in a restaurant, but only one of them retained the memory of it being in a loop?
Excellent track record of success, unseen in any other rocket of it's kind.
&gt; Just goes to show how terrifyingly tribalistic the Republican Party has become. Make no mistake. They were always tribalistic.
&gt; This puts us in a Constitutional Crisis. At what point does a "constitutional crisis" becomes precedent for being the norm?
Here's the deal. American culture was never about accountability. Accountability is a concept in Asian cultures where you hear people in high positions resigning due to allegations alone. In the US, you don't get resignations until there's a smoking gun. It's probably part of the Christian culture where people value the admission of guilt &amp; redemption versus actually being responsible for your actions.
"Brexit means Brexit!"
Once the doms are mass produced...
&gt; This applies to Diaoyu island disputes and the South China Sea, where PRC and ROC have the same claims. You mean the Senkaku islands controlled by Japan? Glad you omitted that fact.
Yeah, I'm not surprised if they create some bookface currency like bookcoin.
&gt;the next President pardons McCabe just to spite Trump and his supporters. Let's face it. Mueller will provide evidence of Trump breaking the law the day after the election in 2020, congress does nothing, and then Trump shoots Mueller in 5th Avenue and becomes president for life.
And no (heat) axe!
Either you die a Communist, or live long enough to see yourself become the Fascist.
Damn, now I can't sharpen my hammer.
While, left-leaning organizations as banned by the police as "radical terrorists" I can understand why the government would be more wary of the left than the right. The left during its peak bombed planes, kidnapped people to N.Korea, and shot police officers on national TV. The blame is "both sides"
Devil's in the details
Next question would mean what is "safe" when not everything is a locked container? /s
Will Russia be invited? /s
This is Trump's 1 dimensional chess game. Keep breaking more laws and hiring more lawyers that hire each other. He'll never be indicted!
&gt; It is early stage fascism. There is no early stage or late stage. Fascism is fascism.
&gt;proves most people dont like making their own choices or being held responsible for the choices they do make. Welcome to how people win elections. The candidate that is considered being able to make the most decisions for the largest base wins the election. Human beings don't like to be held responsible and prefer it if someone else to makes all the important decisions for them. They're instinctively lazy animals and it has nothing to do with whether you're on the right or left of the political spectrum.
That's if Trump doesn't take your guns first. He even stated that that's his plan.
Also power is money too.
People talk about how there was a time "before the internet" as a fictional thing, but people also don't realize that there was a time when America was not at war too. Wouldn't be surprised if that was whitewashed in future textbooks since America was always at war with Eurasia.
So why should this be something the airlines need to worry about? You have those air marshals, the stupid TSA, and the federal &amp; state governments issuing the ID that are being paid by our taxes to stop this. Airlines have a bunch of other responsibilities that they shit on all the time, but preventing human trafficking is typically something I wouldn't expect a transportation company to prevent.
This is good for bitcoin
The leopards have probably eaten so many faces by now, that they're sick of faces.
&gt; There is enough dirty politics in DC, we don't need that in the OC. DC is only a symptom of what's happening in OC and the local level.
What Keter Scenario was this again?
[Insert Orange County Choppers meme]
What? Not everyone accidentally falls down a flight of stairs and end up with 2 bullet in the back of their head?
&gt;Trump does ~~not~~ want the U.S. to remain a democratic people's republic. Fixed for our dear leader
&gt;They probably have solid evidence that people prefer to not interact with other humans while making unhealthy choices. Yeah, the unhealthy choice known as using a kiosk that has hundreds and thousands of people using it with no one caring to clean it after going to the bathroom.
*Don’t be too proud of this constitutional terror you’ve constructed. The ability to pardon oneself is insignificant next to the power of impeachment.*
Mimetic agent detected.
Glad it’s only “like a violation of human rights” and not a real violation /s
Couldn’t someone start a lawsuit saying that this is gender discrimination if it becomes too small to sit? At what point does it become restrooms that are too small to sit vs no restrooms that you can sit?
Thanks, Mitch /s
Object Class: Euclid
Wasn't the 2016 US election a world-line changing event?
Don't forget how some applicants consider getting higher education (i.e. MBA) or a medical degree. I honestly don't get the thought process of someone applying for a job during this AND being stupid enough to mention it during an interview.
Exactly. It means that if an employer has to choose between you and an equal candidate that is not studying for an MBA, 9/10 times the job will go to the other person.
Brought to you by the Umbrella Corporation.
This is good for bitcoin
(Sees more FBI agents back-flipping in the distance)
Best Zaku is the Apthalas, Rihnosaras, and Hildolfir.
(Whispers) Pssht...Russian hackers.
There’s so much pork in these bills we’re sick of bacon.
Borders are open, borders are closed. Can’t explain that.
No you don’t get it. If we impeach Trump the day before the election, the whole world can sing kumbaya and hold hands saying the system worked, and that the American people “took responsibility” by a peaceful transition of power. Everything will be forgiven since it’s a different regime.
Was hoping to see a Breaking Bad reference somewhere
Those damn leopards are eating too many faces these days
Welcome to City 17
Service guarantees citizenship
&gt; A doctor once told me that it is literally the same medication and the same treatment but American companies and hospitals add in huge markups. No, the government is telling me that foreign countries are ripping America off so American companies need to charge more. /s
Make Japan Great Again
Not with Russia though. Japan is still at war with Russia, officially since WWII.
I thought it was because Fox News was the law
They only evacuated them from the lobby.
Fuck Konami
To be fair, the candidate that ran on “Trumpier than Trump” didn’t have the power level to withstand it.
*Better Call Cohen*
Exactly. “*Death solves all problems. No pop, no faction*” -Space Stalin
You can donate to the SCP foundation to prevent SK-Class dominance shift scenarios
Don't forget how she rigged the primaries against Bernie by political corruption, belittled wiping the e-mail servers, and was for TPP until Bernie forced her not to.
No it's called compromise. 98% say climate change is man-made, but 2% says that it isn't. We just compromise and say it's inconclusive. /s
That's the point. Trump's "world" is Russia
Of course. Didn't he say the same in his decision whether or not to fire Comey?
I guess, this means Nobamacare?
I guess this is a symptom of [SCP-3519](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-3519)
&gt; Making life harder for poor people just leads to more crimes of survival like theft and burglary. Then they can be thrown into the private prisons to satisfy the politician's donors.
That Haro better be able to turn into a Psycho-Haro at that cost
*The Future is Now*
He obviously forgot to add the /s
Still waiting for that Unholy Purifiers (Fanatic xenophobe + Fanatic spiritualists) civic, Paradox
Because Barbra Bush was a terrible person
Delayed till UC 0001 will be my guess
I'm still waiting for when Trump spits on his grave to spite Obama. /s
Trumpian's 3rd Law: For every Trump tweet, there's an equal and opposite Trump tweet.
I bet you liked the story about its kids
"Call for the free book. MesoBook to learn more about mesothelioma"
Fuck Culver Plaza for their parking permit-only musical chairs
&gt;I'm not a fan of Trump. But a merit based immigration system makes perfect sense. You can also look at the example of Japan that explicitly has this and even with a [PhD it's only 30 points](https://www.juridique.jp/visa/hsp.php). You need 70 points to be considered a visa as a highly-skilled laborer. Needless to say, they are short on foreign labor
Tracks? No Comrade, where we go we don't need tracks.
TL;DR: Pope tell top oil executives to use clean coal /s
I don't like lunar sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating--not like here. It's soft and smooth.
Because people don't want to get mad cow from US-tainted beef in comparison to Australian beef
Burgerking footlettuce and Taco bell piss nachos
Funny, I don't hear about this in best Korea and their mandatory telescreens within each house.
There was a Japanese sci-fi story a couple years ago about rogue industrial nanobots that mistakenly harvest the carbon out of human tissue rather than from the soil. *Edit: This was also coupled by the fact that these were nanobots used to convert the carbon in martian soil to make nanotubes prior to terraforming, and some martian precursor organism (i.e. prokaryotes, viruses) deep in the soil ingested the nanobots and altered their DNA programming.
As they say, Follow the Solar Brick Road. Follow the Solor Brick Road. Follow, follow, follow, follow, Follow the Solar Brick Road.
Don't forget the Corporate Court thing that was almost a ripoff directly from the Shadowrun series.
So when is he going to suggest annexing Canada to liberate the "North American" people like Germany did in 1939 and appoint Doug Ford as his puppet?
Mid-terms are not going to do jack. Gavin Newstrom sold the would be Democratic majority seats to the GOP in SoCal, just so that he can run against a Republican for govenor and not a fellow Democrat in November. This in turn, will get all the Republicans in Southern California to vote for Mimi Walters and Dana Rohrabacher, with no change to the GOP majority. Orange County is seen as the bulwark against the "Blue Wave" and I haven't seen any Democratic campaigning in this area.
I haven't seen jack shit in OC from Democrats. The only news I hear is that Gavin Newstrom sold out all of the House seats to the GOP, just so he doesn't need to run against a fellow democrat for governor. Yeah, great idea letting John Cox get on the ticket to force all the Republicans to go vote for their reps.
Can I pick Nickel Carbonyl as a choice?
I first assume this was related to airline seats, but yeah it makes no sense why you would do that with your own car.
Sounds like it may be time to put him back into a stable.
They need to form the global coalition of Trumps including Donald Trump, Doug Ford, and Nigel Farage
*Comrade, where we're going we won't need tracks*
Object class: Euclid
In Front Mission 2, melee attacks always hit the arms and body though. They changed in later series due to balancing issues.
Yeah, I lived in Japan and most places required you to separate your trash into like 9 different categories and only put them out for collection on certain days of the week. Bags need to be clear per local regulation, and you had the neighborhood watch (aka garbage police) look at the trash and making citations. After moving to the US, whether it's lead car batteries, LCD displays, or bleach, it all goes into the garbage chute in college dorms and I was fascinated by the libertarian philosophy.
&gt; start talking directly to various US State Governors Except for the fact that federal law Trumps state laws and only the federal government can negotiate with foreign countries.
I thought it was seals going clubbing, not clubbing seals
&gt; kind of be ironic for someone from West Virginia. Take me home, to dialup home /s
Make Japan Great Again
Where’s the game where I can go punching sharks?
&gt;Piss on the pizza in front of them Have you heard of number 14, Taco Bell piss nachos?
Proof that he's a lizard person
Knives don’t kill people, people kill people.
He’s patient zero
This is good for squatcoin
Well didn’t Donald sign on the holocaust museum as being with great people?
The pro-Trump and anti-Trump
Looks like Japan's the winner in all of this. Abductees are the center point of the agreement and less US cooperation with S.Korea.
&gt; that threat has never been carried out: No dual national has ever been stripped of their Japanese citizenship for not renouncing another status before the age of 22. I've heard on Japanese websites though that this does happen to some Japanese people born in the US. They will just take your Japanese passport during renewal and not give it back to you. Don't be a moron and follow these steps: 1. Notify your local office when you get your 22 year post-card that you only have Japanese citizenship. 2. Continue to use your Japanese passport to leave &amp; enter Japan. Do not use any other passports or else they will notice that you remained out of the country or are trying to leave with a different passport. 3. When you have to renew your Japanese passport, always renew it within Japan. Do this even if it takes 2 weeks to renew.
Gavin paid for [free ads](https://www.mercurynews.com/2018/05/04/gavin-newsom-campaign-ad-john-cox/) for John Cox calling him out as Trump's handpicked candidate. He essentially with his ads made John Cox a household name so that more Republicans will go vote and beat Villagrossa for 2nd place.
&gt; If the word of the President is not iron, then what's the point of having him as the representative of the country at all? Getting away from the G7 meeting, that's what.
&gt; This isn't bad advice, but the real LPT is to contact your bank and let them know when and where you'll be traveling. Then, someone from the bank can rob your house.
They could revoke your commerce licence if they hear you negotiating with unions too. /s
Meanwhile, Burgerking has footlettuce
SCP-3519 is becoming a reality with globally rising suicide rates
I wouldn't be surprised if he gets a medal from Russia first
&gt; Yeah because here in the South we’ve all seen that robot who can back flip and run through a field. What about he robot that can back-flip in a bar and then shoots a gun at someone?
As long as Fox News is its own company, I applaud this. Now that net neutrality is repealed, the only news sources allowed on ISPs are CNN (AT&amp;T/Time Warner) and MSNBC (Comcast). Those Fox News viewers can enjoy running dial up modem speeds to watch Fox.
Object Class: Safe
Even the local Japanese usually joke about how "condemn with strong indignation" usually means nothing about taking action.
Muller: “We need to go deeper”
/thread
Must be the Rule of Acquisition #76: *Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies.*
Maybe they can change their name to Whatapancake like ihob did /s
People who are stupid enough to sacrifice for this country are also stupid enough to vote for people that don't value their sacrifices. Sounds about right.
Please P-Bandai, please release the Gundam Theta Plus...please
Sega does what Nintendon't
Find the Master Emerald to levitate Hawaii
&gt; What's her degree in? Why is she on a $40k/yr job right now? Ask her to try out a gig-industry job like Uber/Lyft driver or Instacart/Postmates delivery if any of those are available -- they'll net more than $40k/yr if she does it right (but may need to clock in more than 8 hours a day or work weekends). This. If you are going to straggle with $170k of debt, you better major in something that's worth it rather than some Bachelors of Arts degree in the Written History of Social Psychology in Modern Philosophical Journalism.
But he still gets to pass GO right?
"You may fire when ready"
&gt; Japanese companies also check documents when hiring. Better yet, you need a photo with your job application.
&gt; It is now entirely feasible that an AP level US high school student will go through their education without learning about Ancient Greece, the Roman Empire, the foundations of Qin/Han China, the Silk Road, origins of Christianity/Islam.... I could go on and on. I got a 5 on AP US History but I don't know damn shit about European History after I graduated.
Florida man can have his own goddamn planet
I'll remember to redistribute my character stats to that during my next re-spawn.
Maybe she thought that if only the big zams were mass produced...
Object class: Safe
So Chaps, how's the Brexit working for ya?
"I never expected the lion to eat my hand" sobs woman who patted the lion during the lions eating people's hands tour.
&gt; Hitler was a vegetarian dog lover There you go, vegetarians are Nazis /s
Looks like Flipgrid flipped to Microsoft
Too bad they weren’t going faster than 88mph
ELI5?
I though Fox **was** a propaganda outlet
Sounds like a sign to put when a victim is undergoing now publicized, mimetic effects of video game addiction
&gt; Can someone explain to me what the strategy is? Limit everyone else from trading with the US so the US has no choice, but to import steel and other goods from Russia.
I'm pretty sure they'll shred those records when he's elected.
Object class: Euclid
Everyone knows that the only way to contain an information hazard is to administer amnestics or termination.
Maybe now is a good time for Cohen to call Saul /s
Yeah, its called SCP-1009 : The Movie
&gt;Can anyone from Korea explain why this is happening? They don't seriously believe these people are far right Muslims or economic refugees, right? That's because S.Korea fucked up. They need to look at Japan that [only accepted 20](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/feb/16/japan-asylum-applications-2017-accepted-20)
No, I thought it was a SCP object.
Object class: Safe
Ferrengi Commerce Commission?
But, can it turn into a Psyco-Haro?
&gt; ANNOUNCEMENT: We are launching SCP Wiki 2: Battle Royale SCP Wiki 2: Memetic Keteroo
Which one is Kilroy Was Here?
No, tattoo it onto their forehead as the mark of the beast
You only need some 20-25% of support to rule America. You just need to secure that base, keep the undecided/independents at bay, prop-up 3rd party options, splinter the opposing party's vote, and discourage non-base people from voting. Soon, that 20-25% is going to be the defacto majority.
North Korea /s
&gt; there will be nothing to stop some doomsday cult from manufacturing a deadly virus in their ghetto lab It's called a "dead greenhouse" or "gray goo" scenario.
&gt;From my experience in America and what I have seen online, the standard wait is 2 weeks (14 days) if they are interested in you. Although I've applied to Japanese companies in the past, I've never accepted any jobs and I've only been working in the US all my life. However, here are some thoughts. First off, we are in June now and no company in the world (that is not a relative of yours) can give you with 100% certainty that there is a job in December. The hiring of prospective entry level positions are the first positions on the chopping block when a company is going through financial difficulty, restructuring, or downsizing. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if your CEO tells you in November "sorry bud, company is going through bad times" when he already knew that he will need to twist multiple arms to seriously hire you off-cycle. Second, as other mentioned the hiring process usually is in April of each year and Japanese companies usually do not do mid-year hires. If it is necessary, it would be a special case and you can expect an extra layer of bureaucracy if they are seriously interested in you. This is on top of usually a (1) Physical resume drop-off at a booth at a conference/event, (2) Surviving the in-person interview panel, and (3) Waiting for the on-site interview (aka "Final Interview" 最終面接) where you actually meet your hiring manger and their boss. It sounds you only finished Step 1, so if you don't hear anything back soon then you are either rejected or in the backup pile. Lastly, a 2 week wait from my perspective is usually the tail-end of when a US company should have already made a decision on you or if they are just about to schedule a phone interview. Most online applications I made provide e-mail responses within 2-8 days, and this is knowing in advance that I am within the top 10% of the application pool. If it takes more than 2 weeks, it usually means: (1) There are way too many applicants and you might not get your turn or pending, (2) Your resume/application was filtered out, (3) Your application is not competitive and in the backup pile. Since you are in a special situation where you are waiting for a job in 6 months and would be a referral by your CEO, you will probably need to patient. However, an inquiry every 2 weeks would probably not hurt to keep them aware that you haven't dropped your interest/application.
"I never knew hot dogs would bruise my face" sobs woman paying for the hot dogs launching into people's faces game.
Then you have people like Dana Rohrabacher which represent the worst of the GOP coming out of California too.
Increasing suicide rates world-wide from 2010 as a cover story for SCP-3519
Unfortunately, it can be used in the future where three generations of your DNA will be part of the criminal database.
Not by the energy of some psychic kids?
Trump: “All Trumps are liars”
Unfortunately, the blue wave is going to stop in California with John Cox being on the ballot. Crooks like Dana Rohrabacher are still winning the polls and there is no Democratic presence for the seats needed to flip the house.
This is good for bitcoin.
Yeah, I am in disbelief that this would actually become a model. Next would be the Vigna Zirah hopefully.
Now we're thinking in mooches
Yeah, I was utterly disappointed that was not the phrase they used on the coin.
Someone needs to make one of these deep fakes with Trump. You can have him say anything and people would think its real /s
Italy just needs to appoint a new Duce to make it great again
"The only good hen is a dead one"
Womp &amp; Prayers
Must be an outdated rescinded edition of the Rules of Acquisition he's referring to.
Not going to happen in California. Thanks to Gavin Newstrom (D) [paying free ads](https://www.mercurynews.com/2018/05/04/gavin-newsom-campaign-ad-john-cox/) in getting John Cox (R) on the November ballot just so his fellow Democrat can't come into second place. Suddenly, that opportunity of shutting the GOP voters totally out of the ballot box is wasted for his personal greed for governorship. Would be hilarious of Gavin pulls the same mistakes as Hillary and all the independents and SoCal GOP voters consolidate behind John Cox.
This is good for bitcoin /s
Fuck ethics, when are we getting real violations of the law?
I thought that was a Tier I arty
**“You’re already dead”**
&gt; Dictators can legitimately win elections. "I don't like dictators that lose elections." - Said by every living dictator
Honestly, I'm not going to worry about the due process risk until Hillary is in jail. At that point, I'll start packing my bags to leave the country, but it's all talk and little walk at this point.
Putin did Brexit /s
Spoiler: Russia is the 1%
Glad he stopped short of slapping tariffs on Red Hen /s
Now he can legally ban Mexicans next
But Nixon admitted he was not a crook.
Not in the US where if you can’t get a prescription by one doctor, you just go to the next, and only your insurance provider knows what medications you’re on. Want records transferred? You have to go sign a HIPPA waiver for the institution to take another 4 weeks to send paper records. It’s literally like a 3rd world country.
You wouldn't expect Trump to go nuclear before he leaves office right?
Someone needs to combine it with the Gundam Fenice
&gt; The moment this game was announced I pre-ordered it, paid it in full on the spot. Haven't your learned? Never pre-order anything. Given them nothing, take from them everything!
&gt;It was merely disparaged. So political appointees are being political? Color me surprised
&gt; I am pessimistic that we will do anything effective to stop it though. Its not impossible yet, but it's going to be soon. Don't worry. Trump will launch all the nukes in 2024 when he has to step off the office. Politicians in Washington will argue whether its a "legal move" while nukes fall all across the world.
&gt;Two days later, **SCP-1548** accelerates to 0.98c and transmits, **"Now you've done it!"** before undergoing a supernova and creating a relativistic bow shock that collapses the Crab Nebula. [SCP-2305 - great ideas that are TOTALY USELESS (lulz\)] (http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-2305-collab)
Reminds me of that actor that played Donald Trump in Home Alone 2.
&gt;The justices said in a 5-4 opinion that state government workers who choose not to join a union cannot be compelled to pay a share of union dues for covering the cost of negotiating contracts. Unions had said such an outcome would cut off a source of income and diminish their political clout in the 23 states where they bargain for both members and non-members alike. Well you know, unions are banned too in the Ferrengi Alliance
Had the same shit happen to me roughly 10 years ago. I ultimately, got my money back after sending email reminders every other day and going up the food chain in LinkedIn and letting them know I still need to get paid. If they still don’t, then go scorched earth and give them shitty reviews on google maps and Glassdoor.
Because they are part of the Deathstar AT&amp;T logo empire
I was expecting her to get rehired by Nestle
Well everyone knows that on Reddit you’re either a Trump supporter or a paid protestor /s
Mickey with Infinity Gauntlet to Comcast: "No more bids this time."
I thought they abolished the right to due process during the Bush years?
Shh..The Foundation is the scapegoat while the GOC is the real deal
&gt; That's a dangerous game to play though. What's more dangerous than a criminal President that's planted by a foreign power? At some point you have to realize whether it's better to have thermonuclear war or still have a political system.
Because its gerrymandered the heck so the GOP wins the North, South, and (Leftover) California states.
&gt; Am I still going to get fired for smoking? On a federal level it is still illegal. Jeff Sessions would fire Mueller before he lets marijuana be legal federally.
Will Smith: "Take a knee"
Disney: *"Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now it's here. Or should I say, I am."*
Trump: "Fake Loser!"
They need to make a purple great Khan and the tribute is to cut your population in half.
*Another addition to Jeff Bezos' infinity gauntlet*
You fucked with squirrels Morty!
You could make a fractal with the head ornaments
I'm an engineer too and 6 figures is entry-level in this area
He's against cap &amp; tax though.
Well, if the same judges rule that presidential pardons are constitutional, then they can die by the same constitution too.
And people complain about robots taking people's jobs /s
This is good for cheesecoin
&gt; average annual wage of $53,875. So they just need to pay 1 person a lot more than everyone else? Like you pay 1 person $284k while the 9 other people earn $28k?
Putin it real
You a friend of Roger Stone?
Are your Foundation sites ISO 9001 certified with proper ISO 31000 Risk Management procedures to mitigate containment breaches?
Fuck this veiled attack on Jewish traditions. They’re going full nazi
Don’t be surprised if it takes over 20 matches for a crate. Shit sucks bro
(Taps hat) You can't fail a take-home test if you don't take it
Where can I find an officer with the SCP badge?
&gt;Trump will be gone by then... for one ~~reason~~treason or another...
Make Old Mexico Great Again!
&gt;I blame the gundam fan base for eating all these variation up. FA Perfect Gundam Unicorn, Perfect Perfectibility Custom
Didn't the GP01-Fb officially have 'space boots'?
His funeral will be the only time I'm looking forward to Trump taking up all the news feed. Ironic, he could save others in his party from obscurity, but not himself.
(Rolls a “Double Keter”)
If this administration taught us one thing, "rules" don't make jack fucking shit. Only laws that are enforceable, are.
"Nobody knew they would eat my face!" Cries people who visited the lions eating people's faces tour
"I want to play a game. The rules are simple"
Boil it, mash it, put it in a stew!
I want a good PC Fallout Immortal Battlefront 76 game
&gt; If anything I'd say JP should be highest cause it gets access to all that and Mainland China. The Japanese passport was declared the most powerful in October: https://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/nation-now/2018/10/10/japanese-passport-most-powerful-world-henley-index/1587090002/
Did you time travel?
The shitty controls make it even more ass clenching
*“Don’t you guys have phones?”*
The boosters on the legs look like they’re not meant to fit. Did Bandai mess this up?
You think Doug Ford should be elected?
“It is treason then”
SCP-2935: O, Death
What Happened to Site-13?
&gt;“Recommended”
Looks like the Contingency is here
&gt; Zaku I Sniper with M-top cannon The cannon can disable any unit with MA too, which is a benefit of the large stagger status you inflict on your target.
SCP-3393 You are, no we are the SCiPs! Also don't forget SCP-3936
There is no honor to thieves
How do I make asphalt without oil?
They should know that gay frogs cause hurricanes /s
Mattress stores are money laundering shops
Bart + Bert = Bort
We EvE Online Now
I was hoping it was something more surprising like a 77 pound keg or something
He’s better than Kim and I recommend they go for a golf summit in N. Korea /s
This is Trump’s 1 dimensional chess game. Act like you’re so guilty that people can’t possible assume you are guilty.
If he tries to loose and succeed, doesn’t that mean he is winning? /s
“Unrelated to Trump” spoken by Trump about someone who is supposedly unrelated to him /s
“I will make it legal”
1 Xeno is a tragedy, a billion is an epidemic
I disagree. The GM Sniper Custom, Zaku I Sniper, and Guncannon MP were both the defacto 300 cost support units in their tier until the Gundam WP came out. If you play 300 cost matches as a support, it is expected that you have at least 1 of those 3. Now, I would certainly welcome adding a High Performance Balancer to the GM Sniper Custom, but you might as well have Redzooka (Zudah), Bluezooka (GM Nightseeker), and Yellowzooka (GM Sniper Custom) at that point.
Dread it, run from it, destiny still arrives
Choo choo motherfucker
That cat is /r/watchpeopledieinside
Zucker &amp; Zuckerberg, 2020 Bloomberg &amp; Lieberman, 2020
Not really ironic how Russia supports global warming.
In this day in age, why would you want to use Cisco when it probably had a backdoor for every country on the planet?
Should have been Florida
Still waiting for that Hellsing Ultimate movie... /s
I heard there was a lot of history behind why the Zaku Cannon does not have a 350 tier. Something along the lines of it being the first one to have higher levels and back in the day, matches did not have 250, 350, but full increments of 100. So what would have been the developer’s consideration to reduce useless gatchas is now just a sad oversight with the Zaku Cannon.
In simple terms, everyone uses a bazooka since splash damage is the same as a core hit, and the target staggers when they get hit. This then leads to you being able to melee combo during the stun motion, toppling then down, and further damage them until their invulnerability kicks in. With EXAM units, you can go from 100% health down to 0% with a single melee combo if you get hit with explosive weapons.
Subliminal messaging in my Gundam? No way!
G Gundam has a pretty depressing plot though if you think about it.
&gt;What 'militaristic' government are you talking about? [*This year we explore the Failure of Democracy*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBxgrr0wL8M&amp;t=0m20s)
&gt; I suspect the argument would be that it violates the spirit of the law If the judge is appointed by a Republican, they're the law and it is their spirit that matters. /s
A surprise. For sure. But a welcome one.
