I'm not sure how I put social awkwardness and professional misery on a plate. But I'm sure it will involve mashed potatoes.
Sorry, should have been more clear. I didn't mean the citizen voters, I meant votes in the Senate and House. Which are clearly run by lobbyists as you mentioned. How we have legal bribes is beyond me.
This seems like weak SAS. He/she doesn't assume that the world knows anything about American films or actors. If he/she said, "why doesn't the rest of the world have a Hollywood like we do" that might be more SAS. This looks like general curiosity.
California has about [2 million illegal]( http://www.ppic.org/main/publication_show.asp?i=818) immigrants. And Norway has about 5 million people. It not really that far off.
&gt;The sad fact is probably that these people have absolutely nothing to be proud of in their daily lives Wow. That's quite the assessment.
What are you even talking about?
Good work Internet detective! Quick, grab your calculator, get in the pedantic-mobile and head over to r/theydidthemath because someone forgot to carry the 1.
I don't think sports leagues in general are a good source of national ability. The Premier Leagues success doesn't equate to English dominance in the World Cup. US does pretty well in International Hockey.
The dude was clearly pulling numbers out of his ass since he said California PROBABLY has more illegals than Norway has people. From a guestimate point of he wasn't far off. Which apparently is hilarious according to OP; who obviously missed the bigger point that we have a lot of illegal immigrants in California.
Apparently [Mexicans](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelada). I see billboards for Clamato and [Bud Light]( http://www.budlight.com/our-beers/chelada.html) in San Diego all the time. Makes me want to vomit.
C'mon do your homework. He's Canadian.
[Harry Potter](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Ordinary_Wizarding_Level)
What the hell is a bro-j? Am I that out of touch? Sounds naughty.
My brother loves them. But he also lives out in the woods by himself.
Ah, OK. Yeah. Definitely was a brass monkey fan back in the day. Never did it with a regular beer. Of course we used to drink the 64 ounce bottles of OE back when they made them. It hard to convince my wife to get some 40s and OJ for a relaxing Friday night of bad life choices.
I don't know, Norwegians eat [lutefisk](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lutefisk) and that is not OK in my books. But I'm willing to try anything once.
I'm naming my next dog Mr Jefferson.
&gt;Let's see who protests first. NATO countries or the US military industrial complex. I remember in the 90s the US wanted to close a base in Germany and was met with local resistance. Had nothing to do with security but more with dollars. I tried googling it but [only found this one from 2012](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/german-town-fears-loss-of-us-army-base/2012/03/23/gIQAoNzzeS_story.html) The real question is why isn't Europe kicking the US out? France did it in the 60s I think. I wish we would close all our overseas bases.
I had some issues with a older version and I was just looking to try it again for my new job. We are all windows though. I found mouse without borders to be super clean for windows (made by MS). But obviously won't work on Linux.
You shouldn't ask "is there anything I can do". You should just volunteer to do something, otherwise you are making the already grieving person find you a task. Doesn't have to be big, pick their mail up, walk the dog, buy them lunch, etc.
The only SAS is the "How many dollars is a beer"... Otherwise he's just asking questions. He didn't assume people were going to speak English... He's asking about Internet service at a music festival, which doesn't seem odd. A lot of music festivals in the US are out in the middle of nowhere. Bonnaroo apparently provides a tower, but can get bogged down, the Gorge at George is literally in the desert, but spotty coverage for most carriers, Red Rocks and Coachella apparently are sketchy at best. He's not asking if Europe has coverage, he's asking if there is going to be coverage at the event. Which honestly, I have never heard of Tomorrowland, so no clue if it's in a urban area or out in the sticks. Seems like a legit question. But has SAS turned into "Anytime an American asks about Europe they must be an idiot" sub? It's not like he's going on and on about how Awesome the USA is.
What am I missing here? Honest question...(sorry for the wikipedia links) [Belgium has 3 official languages](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_of_Belgium) And Tomorrowland is in [Boom, which is in the Flemish Region, with the official language being Dutch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flemish_Region)
Yeah just read about the population density there. That's pretty impressive.
Why would you watch on your phone?
&gt;girls cock around your mouth? ...so in Thailand?
Speed metal and folk. Maybe the Carpenters during the happy times.
Well I wear a cape to work. But that's just because it matches my batman lunch box.
[Montezuma's Revenge](http://gomexico.about.com/od/healthandsafety/ht/montezu_revenge.htm) from Mexico feeds the fear. Everyone in the US knows someone who's gotten sick visiting Mexico. But I've been told by locals not to drink the tap water in Naples and South Korea.
Adults? Maybe teens and college students. Adults dressed up as their favorite super hero is not common at all and would be considered weird.
The entire system here is fucked up. And everyone admits it but refuses to fix it. For my sons birth we saw the cost breakdown: 86k for the birth and another 50k for the child "birth" services, "negotiated" down to 9k and 4k respectively. And we had a total of 250 in copay (which wasn't bad in my opinion). I just had a cyst removed and was talking to the surgeon about it and he admitted the paperwork was all for show to make you feel you got a good deal. The entire fee structure is already prenegotiated and completely hidden from the consumer.
C-section. Which is a major surgery. But still outrageous. Not that anyone actually paid that amount.
Greed and planned inefficiency rules the land.
Sorry, I'm in the middle of work proposal hell. Got caught up. Patient. He didn't use consumer.
Copays are supposed to limit abuse: people going to the ER for headaches. Usually waived if you're admitted.
What about the dude mentioning Australia. How come no hate for him?
&gt;Doesn't happen to the same degree, now does it ? No clue. I guess I could figure out a way to look for word references across all subreddits and then figure out user nationality, and then do some calculations based on population. Or not. I don't get annoyed when others bring up their local point of view during conversation but I can see how the one-upper side of things can get annoying. My colleague sitting next to me keeps telling me about his last job, but he's trying to relate. But I do keep talking shit to him about it. Something something on mobile can't type coherent sentences.
Slang for giving someone a hard time.
I can't hear what you're typing. Can you type louder?
Why would it matter what nationality you are?
Its amazing how few people in general don't understand free speech. This sub in particular can get spun up on it. Some American will get on their high horse about their first amendment rights, and then someone else will get on their high horse about how people will get punished in the court of public opinion for exercising that right (Dixie Chicks) and say "Well how free is your speech of you can't really speak your mind". Which really isn't the point. Its as you said, the government won't limit / punish you for it (exceptions of course as not all speech is free), but people might. Reddit isn't breaking the law, and if their decision annoys people those people are free to go elsewhere. Its really simple.
I still laugh when people say balls. I'm 38. Did it in a meeting today.
&gt;My favourites: &gt;* After we said Switzerland, one of them said 'it is totally her favourite country'. I looked at her and asked where it is located in Europe or which countries it is closest to. /shitassholessay You interrupted a conversation to grill someone on geography? What an arrogant thing to do. &gt;* Anyway, having my fair share of knowledge about MDMA Oh...neat story &gt;* A guy got angry at me at the Interpid museum in New York (that famous aircraft carrier) for not paying proper respect by saluting the... /thathappened This story wreaks of bullshit. Not even the most rabid patriot will require a salute.
&gt;I asked where her 'favourite country' is located because after all if that’s true, she should know that. Is this how you make friends? Why would you do this, unless you're trying to be a jerk? &gt;He was an old guy from the southern states, I assume because he wore a cowboy hat. Maybe he just searched for a reason to shit on Europeans, I don't know. There's more to the story you're leaving out. I worked for the military for 15 years (was not in the military) and saluting has very strict etiquette: civilians don't salute ever (you would get a lecture for doing it, especially on base), there is a proper form. Doing it wrong is more insulting than not doing it. And some old dude from the south is going to have a hard on for military tradition and would know this. (Although cowboy hat implies Texas or Oklahoma or more Midwest farming state versus the south). I'm willing to bet you were mocking the USA or the military or something or pretending to salute and got caught. And some old crotchety dude lectured you on it. These old military types haunt these museum ships and can get their feathers rustled easily.
I don't challenge people I just met on geography after they just told me they like my country. I can just imagine the conversation. "Hey man! I love the USA!" "Oh really? Do you even know where it is on a map? Fucking ignorant European." See how that sounds?
&gt;It seems like a very 'murican thing to think there's a right and wrong way though, and of course that their way is the only right way It's not just [Americans](http://np.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/39o7dn/cid_meier_might_have_something_to_say_about_the/cs52p9x).
&gt;You don't have to act like the tough internet warrior in defence of your countrymen. I wouldn't defend dick-ish behaviour of my fellow countrymen either. I just have a low sensitivity to bullshit. I read this sub because I, too, find some shit Americans say funny. I live it over here. It gets cringy at times. I don't defend the idiots, they are free to hang themselves on the rope of public opinion. Which some do frequently and without shame. I do have issues with people calling out Americans for shit that everyone else seems to do as well, though. &gt;So anyway, if I insulted you somehow anyway, I’m sorry okay. Not insulted in any way shape or form. But enjoy arguing and I don't mind being wrong. In fact I like being wrong because then I learned something. . &gt;...can we hug now? Of course. I give great hugs. I'm 6-3 and cuddly. I'd probably buy you a beer if you came to San Diego.
&gt;But the U.S. is more diverse because black people. I don't think even our most racist of Americans claim that. They claim diversity because of ALL the immigrants. Not that I'm trying to say we lead the world in diversity. But I don't think I've ever heard Americans claim diversity just because of black people.
My wife and I went to Italy. I arranged all the hotels and let them know we were on our honeymoon. We got some room upgrades and usually a gift basket with wine and snacks. I'm sure other places in the world do it.
I was having arm pain for years and he couldn't figure out why. Finally diagnosed me with phantom limb syndrome (when amputees feel pain in an amputated limb). Problem is I had my arm. His intern helped me out one day when he was too busy to see me, with the correct diagnosis (thoracic outlet syndrome).
It was fantastic. And the fact that everyone else in line was smiling and she saw it really was the best part.
[It's a carry-all](https://youtu.be/8iawDvGfDBc)
Actually the ones I know are prepping for the collapse of society that will happen any day now. When other countries fail its shitty but people eventually work it out. When the US fails it will be World War Z meets Somalia. Complete chaos. If you venture not to deep into doomsday forums they talk about which guns to get not for stopping power but ammo availability; what can you get off dead cops and empty police stations.
Yeah, I would say most of the people that I know that have guns are worried about it. I worked in the defense industry for many years, so I expected that element to be fairly common place, but I recently left the industry and I was surprised it wasn't any different outside of DoD. My two coworkers who sit on either side of me at work were talking over me about their guns and the need to be prepared. I asked them if they were really concerned about massive rioting and looting and they looked at me as if I was the crazy one. The thing is is that these aren't otherwise crazy looking people. they don't dress in fatigues or are they poorly educated or super religious. Otherwise normal people with a fear of the collapse. Growing up in the PacNW of the States people had guns more for the hunting aspects. Here in San Diego, no one hunts.
Well every country has their quirks. Ours is massive paranoia (and sugar) fueled by sensationalizing the "news". Every other story is about something that is going to kill us. Stranger danger.
Climate change and evolution. There is a creationist museum down the street from my house (ok, its about 10 miles). I don't understand how people can't accept either.
My dad hid it for years...and then suddenly right around my 2nd year of college his alcoholism took a bad turn. He was now drunk around everyone all the time. I was the baby of the family so he didn't really screw us kids up too bad (except one brother). But looking back you can see that weirdness of his behavior. He was very antisocial, always had an excuse as to why he couldn't attend a function. Never interacted with my friends parents. Never went on vacation with us. When he started to get bad, we eventually found out he had a crack addiction, too. He was spending something along of the lines of 20k a year on crack and alcohol. He lost his company, went to rehab twice, and then made some bad life choices while apparently sober. This led to a falling out with my brother, and then my father bought a gun and ended his life on the side of the road in a grungy part of town. About 2 days before my birthday. So, I have no relationship with him, don't miss him, don't hate him. My mom is severely screwed up over the whole thing, and my oldest brother can't let it go.
No. You drink it when your goal is to drink a lot of beer. Not enjoy it.
They have fewer calories and weak in taste. Doesn't fill you up. It would make more sense to drink a higher alcohol content beer but then you couldn't brag about drinking 12 beers. Or if you're planning on drinking all day long a heavier beer would knock you out fast.
No, it is slightly less alcohol (4.2 versus 5%) but fewer calories and carbs. We do have light beer that is light on both alcohol and calories.
While both are theories they are certainly not opinions. There are enough facts supporting both of them, and facts are not opinions.
It's to prevent [this](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-XQRow41nGtw/UAMxSTz3HcI/AAAAAAAAAW0/463fT4Edan8/s1600/sweaty+shirt.jpg). I wear a v-neck if not wearing a tie so the neck line isn't showing. But it protects the shirt. You don't wear a belt khakis? Not wearing a belt with pants looks silly. Who does that?
Yeah. Apparently only Americans wear them?
Shirt tucked into khakis without a belt?
I've been in plenty of meetings where the presenter is sweating through their clothes. Problem solved with an undershirt.
When I was 24 I started sleeping with my 45 year old coworker. It was fantastic. Plus, my mom is almost 70.
&gt;The Americans lost every battle when it was just the militias and former British officers fighting the British. Your history isn't quite [right]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_Revolutionary_War_battles). Trenton re-energized the rebels, while Saratoga a year later got the French convinced that the rebels could win.
&gt;The US has never got over probation. I know! I'm still mad at my mom for that. We also haven't gotten over prohibition either.
[Here you go learn something](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_and_British_English_spelling_differences)
The guy apparently is Portuguese and English isn't his native language. Has an odd fascination with the USA though.
American English is based off British English before British English was standardized. Also some French aspects thrown in for fun.
I honestly don't know what I'm missing. It's an article about odd things about America which are brought up all the time in this sub: we're "friendly", we tip, don't use metric, large portions, " huge" country. I don't see the "rest of the world is one culture" commentary.
Pizza is such a funny thing and, for whatever reason, will probably be the start of the next war. And people have such misconceptions of it. I used to work with a girl here in San Diego whose parents moved from Naples and the father has made a living making Pizzas in New Jersey (where she grew up). She "knew" pizza. So one day I took her to a place in town that specializes in Neapolitan style pizza and she looked at in in disgust. This just wasn't pizza, real Neapolitan pizza is 18 inches across, covered in cheese, pepperoni, etc. I told her that that would be NY style. Pizza in Italy was much different. She wouldn't have it. Her dad was Italian, and that's just the way it is. So I took her a while later to a NY style place in town, and yeah, this place was authentic. It was the real deal. Made by real Italians. (Or fake New Yorkers complete with shitty attitude). Around this sub " American " style is Papa Johns or Dominos or some other abomination of pizza. It's just sad that is what is considered "American" and I, too, would doubt Americans ability to build a good pizza if that was the representative example. I don't agree that the only good pizza is authentic Italian (authentic Neapolitan if you want to get specific). Look at wine, it didn't originate in Italy or France, but would anyone doubt that either produce some of the best wine in the world? Not that I'm saying the USA produces the best pizza, that's just crazy talk. But I am saying that the point of origin doesn't suddenly make it the best in the world. And who considers or decides this? If you grew up eating a dish made a certain way thats just what your preference becomes. Doesn't make anything better or worse. Italians think our pizza is crap, and why wouldn't they? Some Americans think real authentic Neapolitan style pizza is crap, of course they would, they've never had it made that way. But at the end of the day, it becomes pointless to argue over who is right because you might as well be arguing over what color is best or which number or what car.
Well to tell a family secret, I think pizza diavola is the best pizza in the world. And I will fight anyone who says otherwise.
Coalition built. Now to get the rest of the pizza heretics.
I was going to reply back with simply "I wish Americans said 'I love science, forward leaning politics, and human compassion' but then I read the article. Now I wish more people Americans shared his viewpoint that the Confederate flag represents evil and backwards thinking. I wish that was SAS.
Woooooosh
I was somewhere in the South with some coworkers and we came across a Jefferson Davis statue and I made a snarky comment about where the Timothy McVeigh statue was. I was asked why and I said, oh, I thought we were celebrating Americans who killed other Americans because they didn't like the government. I didn't make many friends on that trip.
Some of my best friends are 3000 miles away. Email and phone work wonders.
Found the western Washingtonian. And not the peninsula type either.
Do you pronounce bag like beg? True sign of a I-5 corridorian.
"North American 110-120 volt electricity is generated at 60 Hz (cycles). Most international 220-240 volt electricity is generated at 50 Hz (cycles). This difference in cycles may cause the motor in your 60 Hz North American appliance to operate slightly slower when used on 50 Hz."
We call India and Pakistan 'Asia' in the States. This guy is just uneducated.
I didn't realize I had one until I moved to California. [Good times](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/?title=Pacific_Northwest_English)
True. I'm hoping that the Americans that make these claims are 12 but sadly I know I'm wrong.
&gt;Clearly says in the title "for AU" i.e. Australia. Funnily enough, we actually have Kindles here. Well its a bit of a stretch to assume lack of kindles in Australia based upon the ignorance of what 'AU' stands for. Although, fuck it, I'm too jaded at this point, I'm sure there are plenty of Americans who think Australia lacks electricity and running water.
Yeah I wish there was better policing of reviews on amazon. Reviews that state that the shipper destroyed the box somehow translates to a bad product annoys me.
&gt;Incidentally talking of rights, do Puerto Ricans have the right to vote for the President? Nope.
This is really r/shitmormonssay. Those crazy bastards. You know, talking lizards and plural marriages and all that crap. Nice people. Just a little crazy.
&gt;So when it comes to the Constitution, does that refer to the Puerto Rican Constitution or the US Constitution? Looks like the US Constitution was violated. &gt;I'm guessing the Constitution of Puerto Rico must play send-fiddle to that of the US. Yeah, US Constitution trumps all.
Except for the fact he was chased out of the east coast and hunted down by the military.
I don't think Joseph Smith had any link to manifest destiny. He never even made it out to Utah. To be quite honest he really isn't studied by anyone except Mormons. The history of that church is certainly a unique American quirk. Utah in general is a bit of a freak show in my opinion, the church runs that state. All I really know about mormons (and I lived with a Mormon family for a while) is that they don't drink caffeine or alcohol, don't swear, are preparing for doomsday, super over the top nice, and wear holy undergarments.
I'm wearing some right now. Only place that seems to fit me.
I have never heard of netball. It looks like basketball without a backboard and no one plays defense.
&gt; People will gobble down a hot dog not even knowing what is REALLY in it. Hoof and beak
I've been with a couple of not very smart women. Well, you could also make the argument that a smart women wouldn't want to be with me.
Don't cut in line.
Yes. Never saw the point of gun control. Then my father offed himself after a fight with my brother. Bought a gun, waited the 7 days, and then did the deed. Mental health checks mandatory and on a regular basis as part of a more robust licensing scheme should be required.
The US wasn't established for the sole right of slavery. The confederates were in rebellion due to their "right" of owning another person was in jeopardy. While the US has done some terrible things, the establishment of the country was not based upon the same ideals as the confederates.
Have you read [the declaration of causes of secession?](http://www.civilwar.org/education/history/primarysources/declarationofcauses.html). It is literally 'we want slaves'. There is no tyranny in what the Union leadership wanted to end. The South was literally fighting for their right to own human beings. The States Right issue is a red herring to keep people from feeling guilty about the slavery issue and make the war more romantic and just. It was neither.
It's a tad ironic to mock the ignorance of others while at the same time being ignorant of how to correctly use the word "ironic". I would say ignorant of grammar, but I think there's a rule that states when you correct others grammar you're more than likely to have grammatical mistakes of your own. &gt;Castle doctrine in a country lacking a single legitimate castle. We have [Pizza Castle](http://www.pizzacastlect.com). Seems pretty legit to me.
So...not SAS...but shit Polish and Italians think? I don't see pizza anywhere on that chart.
&gt;But... it is ironic? Pizza Castle? Not in the slightest. Castle doctrine? Of course. It's like the patriot act or other similarly named laws/acts/government things.
It does read that way, now that I've gone back and reread it. I don't even know what I was getting at other than the irony police. And pizza.
Yeah read down. I explained myself.
Noted.
It's murder in this country. Texas might be the exception.
The world is your [geoduck](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoduck)
I had a client in Charleston and used to go there a lot. My experience is the exact opposite. I couldn't believe the amount of racism that existed and was out in the open.
I actually really like Charleston, I considered moving there, but I couldn't get past the racism as well as some of the other quirks of the south. Really nice place to visit, though. Great food.
Jusus...we can't even celebrate our government doing the right thing for once?
The majority of countries in the world have not legalized gay marriage. This is something to celebrate, was your reaction the same when Ireland or Mexico legalized it?
You don't think we made the right decision?
That sucks. I think this is one of those things I think we should celebrate.
Only Americans do that? I'm pretty sure that's every survey on Reddit.
I just found out my mom thinks that we lived with dinosaurs. It wasn't from a religious point of view, but no amount of internet evidence would sway her. We fought dinosaurs and that's just the way it is.
You do realize that the majority of countries in the world haven't legalized gay marriage, right? And the supreme Court didn't write a law, they basically ruled that states can't limit gay marriage. Meaning that's it unconstitutional to prevent gay people from marrying. They ruled against bans on gay marriage. &gt;Really, if a court system is required to drag a society kicking and screaming into the 21st century then it doesn't really say much about that society as a whole. Here is the [list](http://www.pewforum.org/2015/06/26/gay-marriage-around-the-world-2013/) of countries that allow gay marriage. 2 dozen. All since 2000. Don't act like America is way behind everyone else on this matter. The supreme Court gets involved to determine Constitutional legality. They don't pass laws or make laws. They determine legality.
5-4 is typical and fine. Just need a majority. I swear this sub gets annoying at times. When Mexico and Ireland made it legal it was "fucking America can't do shit". Now that we have, its " fucking Americans being proud of a proper decision". How about for once we say "Good job America." Leave the sub to stupid shit we Americans are constantly saying instead of lambasting us for making a good decision. Edit: goddamn reddit is fun is breaking.
&gt;Has anyone else noticed how unbearable americans have gotten since yesterday? No, I haven't. What I have noticed is that my gay friends and family now are closer to equal rights within this country and its something to celebrate. Something that the rest of the world has been wrestling with. The USA is now in the minority of countries that allow gay marriage. We should be proud of that. And you should be celebrating it, too.
&gt; how they think they are somehow special with their shitty craft beers. The issue is that for a long time we had crappy, mass produced beers and then the US has a beer revival with the craft and microbrews. Obviously we didn't invent either, but now we have more than just 6 brands of beer. It's a good thing.
People drink fosters? I thought that was just a joke Australians played on Americans.
&gt;It's just stupid to boast about beer if you are an American if you ask me. I don't understand that at all. Age doesn't mean anything in regards to how good a beer is. I mean Americans get shit on for talking nonsense about big our country is, but arguing about age isn't any better. Greece has been making wine longer than France or Italy but I think most people agree that they (France and Italy) make some of the best in the world. We do make good beers here. I get that there are idiots in the states who think George Washington himself made beer out of his piss and it created the constitution. those people aside, that doesn't take away the actual good beers we make.
They only sell the big cans here and I've never seen anyone drink it after college. I've always heard that the stuff shipped or made here was a different recipe from the AUS stuff. But I also heard some bad things about Richard Gere and gerbils.
I need to make it out to Croatia. The travel advertisements make it look so nice. And I do like beer, even shitty beer. But I hear you, there are some very vocal Americans boasting about all sorts of shit. Whether they are the minority here is up for debate. I'm just desensitized to it all.
It's a bit of a cycle, isn't it? The source and the cure for hangovers.
Under compensating?
PBR is actually the drink of choice for hipsters. It's weird.
Well, crap, that sold it. I don't even like fish but that video sold me. My wife and I watched it while we had breakfast and afterwards she said "well, when are we going?"
Yeah I'm sure he could have done an entire season on Croatia. There is only so much you can cover in 45 minutes. I'll definitely hit you up once we get things figured out. Although its gonna be a year or so. Have another couple of vacations planned already. But it just moved way up on the list.
I've seen better legs on a piano.
Story of my life.
No, no, no, its the dude who takes the middle urinal out of three when the rest are empty. And then gives you a dirty look when you have to piss next to him. Take an end unit. The middle urinal is for emergency pisses only. The last place I worked had several dudes who never understood the concept.
The hypocritical ignorance in this sub gets a little tiresome. The gay marriage issue is a prime example, and the reason I had to leave. The non-americans were falling all over themselves to congratulate Ireland and Mexico, but when the USA does it: - Too late, everyone else already legalized it? Why are you proud that you did what everyone did? (Not true, only 22 counties legalized it. Let me know when Germany legalizes it.) - USA is forcing people to accept it. (This was the argument that made me question the entire sub and to realize that this sub is to really just hate America. There is really nothing we could can do right. All other countries that legalized gay marriage with laws, the USA did it by making anti-gay marriage laws unconstitutional. But apparently we are literally the worst thing ever. ) But just remember its "satire".
I know they're called 'raincoats' but they aren't meant to be worn outside. Just a bit of an FYI in case you've been doing it wrong.
I went on a little DDD tour while on the east coast once. Well, I went to three in one day. None were amazing. All were decent. I wouldn't go back to any of them.
It wasn't really sleep walking since I was strapped into a airplane seat. But I tend to sleep walk when I'm overly tired and/or stressed out. Anyway, I was coming back from 2 week work trip overseas and I was exhausted when I got on the plane over the ocean. I was upgraded to business and had a couple glasses of wine, and kind of passed out halfway through the 2nd glass. I usually have the same dream when I sleep walk and it involves me choking. When I'm at home I usually wake-up in the bathroom. This time I was seat belted into the chair, and started flailing my arms around and kind of mumbling something. While flailing my arms about I launched my wine glass off the armrest drink holder dumping it all over me. The sudden wetness woke me up and the first thing I see is the man sitting next to me with a look of panic and fear. He eventually asked me if I was ok, and I mumbled yes and cleaned myself up as best I could and tried to go back to sleep. When I sleep walk I am partially aware of what's going on but with a much altered state of reality. It really sucks.
Are you mining for ShitAmericansSay?
I was expecting to see him reacting to running out of salt.
I'm just glad a pint and a gallon are universal between the UK and the States.
I know. It was sarcasm.
I guess I should have put a tag on it. But I like to live dangerously.
Are you really getting down voted because you offered to ship someone hotsauce? That's a new one for me.
I'm more of a Tapatio guy myself. Or sometimes, I might use Sriracha. And if I'm feeling bold...I might put that Sriracha on tacos. Whoa! Seat belt required for this guy.
Why would you make your own hotsauce? I'm with him on that one. I'm pretty much a DIYer on most things, but hotsauce? It's so cheap and lasts forever.
Well, I just googled "make your own hot sauce" and the first three were all from scratch. I didn't go further than that. But now I want to make my own. So not sure why he was getting results on mixing other hot sauces.
That people are assholes, and that everyone lies, cheats, and steals.
You should check his post history. He is a very angry person.
He was negative when I linked, but just by a couple.
I've never seen Mississippi spelled how it's pronounced by a local.
I think it goes into SubredditDramadrama. This certainly provided some entertainment.
I'm sorry, I'm lactose intolerant.
It would be Glendale, CA, since they're talking Hollywood. But it doesn't make a difference since it's also 200k people.
I wouldn't worry too much about that dude. Check his post history. He's just going around trying to pick fights with people on reddit.
I particularly love [this post](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/4mbt8e/the_number_of_times_nazi_or_nazis_was_mentioned/d3uc6dx?context=1) as it relates to [this one](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/4mbt8e/the_number_of_times_nazi_or_nazis_was_mentioned/d3u9313). So don't judge Brits due to newspapers acting like shitbags, but everyone else, sure.
Jokes on him, I live in my parents basement
Not sure what a federated goverment has to do with diversity. States have different laws and different education systems. Schools are usually governed by a local board enforcing state and federal requirements. Two districts in the same state might have very different systems. That isn't diversity.
Such a heated discussion. If they were, say, 10 stories deep, I wonder how long it would take for people to notice?
That didn't even answer the question at all. And you claim drama isn't a "thing", which is immediately followed by an explanation for why Redditors can meltdown. At least wait more than one sentence before you contradict yourself.
When I was 25 I was "dating" a 44 year old woman. And by dating I mean she would call me when she was drunk. She did not want to be seen in public with me.
Your mom didn't think so, although I tried to avoid being seen with that hag.
&gt;You are the racist you idiotic cracker. Beautiful
I grew up eating what I thought was real Mexican food in the PacNW and never really got the appeal. It was good, but not great. And then I moved to San Diego which has great Mexican food, and I live 15 minutes from the even better stuff. Crazy enough I was in the middle of Nebraska and found a Mexican restaurant that wasn't half bad. Virginia, I have come to find out, is a Mexican food black hole.
Sucks that you have to wait for 2 others before you get your turn.
Did anyone read the article: "They're several thousand years old, priceless and hugely important to the Aboriginal community and somebody has recently gone in their and scratched away the images with a rock to try and deface them." Seriously? C'mon Smithsonian Mag dot com.
Those aren't even chodes. Those are cock n' balls.
When I went to Rome and tried to see this, there was a line of people and the people who ran the place didn't seem to care about people getting behind the rope.
&gt; Just what the doctor ordered Ahem: Just what the chef ordered. You obviously don't cook. Or do science.
&gt; Had to serve deconstructed falafel sandwiches to my kids. So chickpeas covered in wheat? Sounds like a fancy new diet.
Someone has to make sure the cooks are doing their job correctly.
I say you take one for the team.
I've always wondered how Johnny didn't see that fucking kick coming from Daniel a mile away. It's not like the Crane style is hiding the fact that a face kick is on its way.
No way, as stated by his hot ass girlfriend "Everything above your waist is a point. You can hit the head, sternum, kidneys, ribs."
Well, he also becomes a black belt in one school year. So probably not a good example of accuracy in karate. And she's way too pretty for him.
Oh man, I am so bad with blood and needles, and the sort. Both my kids were born via c-section. The first my wife had a hemorrhage which caused massive bleeding. So I didn't know this at the time, but I had to leave the room with the just delivered baby, so I had to walk around the curtain only to see my wife cut open and parts of her body on the table as they try to stop the bleeding. I made it out of the room, but it was close. Baby #2 had zero issues like that but after they made the cut the Dr says over curtain "OK dad get the camera going we are about ready here" . Oh my worst nightmare is being relived. So now I have a bunch of pictures on my camera of my baby being pushed and pulled out of a c-section incision. Again didn't pass out, but I was definitely on auto-pilot. So much blood.
She ended up with a transfusion afterwards, but the weird part is no one told us what really happened until the 2nd baby was born. We were told there was some blood loss and she needed a transfusion. When the 2nd one came the drs and nurses kept saying they needed to keep an eye on us due to the problems with the first one. So I finally asked what happened and they explained the hemorrhage.
I pass out giving blood so not sure how I survive both of these babies being born.
[Just go to NYC](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2010/03/09/breast-milk-cheese.html)
I lived in a 7 unit HOA. There was one Hitler. Everyone was miserable.
I'm wondering how you make a meet-up "progressive". I get the zany part by just inviting some Belgians. But progressive? How does that even work?
Prince Edward looks high as shit. [But I know why his wife married him](https://postmediacanadadotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/450372091.jpg)
Who the hell lets horses drink? Seems reckless.
&gt; (men could be aroused by an ankle, it's true) There was an Old Navy commercial from a couple of summers ago with some knee length skirt with some name I don't care about. Anyway, goddamn those commercials: ankle and calves for days. My wife actually commented that I seemed overly interested in this commercial and went and bought one of these skirts. And this is how I found out I'm an ankle and calf man. Bonus that calf has multiple definitions that mean very different things. I'm not into icebergs or bovines. Unless very drunk.
They're a little frigid at times, but they will melt in your arms once they warm up.
&gt;most of us have universal healthcare anyway Well do you have universal coverage or not?
[Oh, I see](https://youtu.be/pjvQFtlNQ-M)
Gimme a break, food is a basic human right
I have asthma and that almost gave me an asthma attack. Jesus not getting enough air is a terrible feeling, I just can't imagine you're getting enough through that tube.
I just punched a hole through my thin American wall.
Brings a new meaning to shot gunning a beer.
[ahem](https://youtu.be/GS_1bzaj2fw). Off to the salt mines...
&gt;This is freedom, see America 1776. So they're going to ask France to help them?
Well they certainly don't like being linked here. They even downvoted the poor bot.
Thanks! So I am thinking of [these fittings](http://www.supplyhouse.com/Rifeng-H021000LF-1-PEX-x-1-Copper-Pipe-Brass-Adapter-Lead-Free) between the copper and PEX. And then using [stainless steel cinch clamps](https://www.amazon.com/Watts-WP9S-16PB-1-Inch-Stainless-10-Pack/dp/B001AP0YUU) versus crimp rings.
Yeah, I ruled out sharkbite anything after your advice and some googling about their products after I submitted. I already pulled the trigger on some PEX A. The expansion fittings looked to be the best but a little cost prohibitive on my part unless I can rent a tool. Those look to be pretty pricey for non-pro like me.
Have to say Gobson that I've actually lost a little bit of respect for you on this one, which I'm sure you're going to lose a lot of sleep over. Racism in America is a real problem and saying "well I'm European" isn't a get out of jail free card for being culturally insensitive. Belgium doesn't have clean hands on slavery or the treatment of blacks (Congo Free State), so you're statement about your countrymen being in the clear isn't exactly true. As you said, you've never been to America so you're really wading into a topic where you're only going to make people upset and if it's only for your own enjoyment, well, that's even worse. I get that you have to deal with my own idiot Americans doing this all day long lecturing you about Europe, etc, but you really should be the better man here.
It's the broader context, especially how SAS uses words (much harsher than fam) 'ironically', is what I'm talking about.
[&gt;Her breasts are almost identical to mine](http://giphy.com/gifs/nervous-george-costanza-qiWh4986EGImc)
Fun police showed up
[More like](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/02/27/26276B2C00000578-0-image-a-2_1425059006316.jpg)
Dammit, I thought my 3 year old would grow out of it. I guess I'm wrong. #whencanwegoouttoeatagain
I haven't forgotten the diaper before but my 10 mo old daughter has had a stomach bug for a while now so she's been a super pooper (6 - 8 times a day often blow outs). One of these poops was a massive blow out with poop everywhere. So my wife changed her and put her in the bath and I was responsible for the laundry. Somewhere along the way a poop covered sock was lost. It never made it into the washing machine. I have no clue where it is. I dread finding it at this point.
It's sad [but not for being a JW](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2972459/Outrage-six-year-old-boy-forced-eat-lunch-screen-parents-dropped-late-school.html)
Ontario, California: Where dreams are made. And meth.
&gt;Recreational math is still math, even if it doesn't meet your standards of seriousness. Recreational math. Fuck me. I default to a 20% tip because it's the easiest to figure out.
I mean I like chocolate, but that's a bit much.
I usually eat a much darker dark chocolate. I was really just making fun of the fact that it's a stack of 2 kilo chocolate "bars". I've never seen anything like this, even in the States. I just can't imagine what you do with that much chocolate. [Hershey's just changed their ingredients, interestingly enough](http://www.foxbusiness.com/features/2015/06/16/remaking-great-american-chocolate-bar.html). But even then, there are much better chocolates in the US than Hershey's. It's the fast food of chocolates and sold everywhere.
&gt;I'm thinking the purpose of those chocolate bars is more culinary then nummies though. [Apparently just for gifts](http://www.traderjoes.com/fearless-flyer/article/3339). Trader Joes really isn't a store made cooking supplies.
I didn't actually buy one because I don't need that much chocolate hanging around the house, since I am the only one of 4 who actually likes it. Surrounded by fascists it seems. Anyway, according to [Trader Joes](http://www.traderjoes.com/fearless-flyer/article/3339) it is made in Belgium for Trader Joe's.
I guess I need to clean the bath tub out to actually mix it, and probably use an outboard boat engine as the mixer.
Add that to the list of reasons why I will never to go Pittsburgh
I've always wondered how you unstick your balls from, I guess both, of your legs while wearing skinny jeans. They seem like the type of pants that cause instant ball sticking. It makes me nervous.
When they're on, they're fucking on. Happy Wednesday!
It's probably a little bit of a step and a side shimmy.
I've never found a pair that didn't feel like a vise in my crotch. And I just straight up look funny in skinny jeans.
It was a stack of gigantic chocolate bars I saw at store near my house. I was making a joke about Belgium shipping a bad batch of chocolate to the States to get rid of it. There wasn't any commentary beyond that.
&gt; especially if you get it in Wedgie form You're not supposed to reverse digest your pizza, sir.
Man, I do. But I have speed skater thighs and a Hank Hill ass. Boxer briefs kind of help.
I have [40 other reasons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Bowl_XL)
I have two monitors at my desk: One had my work and the other was streaming the game. No sound though.
I don't hate Pittsburg. I'm sure it's nice.
Yeah, I did the heating over high until they sizzled, but I could have not done it for long enough. Going from 15 to 20 isn't going to be a showstopper by any means, but its interesting that the time is different between the two recipes. The recipe I followed didn't list a release method, so I opted for quick. I will probably go with a natural moving forward (at least for chicken). Thanks for the link!
I actually did watch it come up to pressure because I was pretty excited about how it all worked. So I watched the pressure thingy popup. (whatever you call it). When I vented there was a LOT of steam, but there wasn't much liquid in the pan. But now that I think about it, I had kind of stirred the chicken and chili's in the pot; if the chicken wasn't directly on the bottom do you think that could have prevented the it from cooking faster? After I gave it another 5 minutes there was a lot of liquid in the pot. Thanks!
It seemed like such a good idea. And actually the consistency was great. The cheese taste was way off.
I'm sure it was the quality of the cheddar. Maybe a different blend would have worked better. What do you use?
My wife and I just watched the creampie episode of 'It's always sunny' last night. She pretended she didn't know what it was.
&gt;Sometimes it's pretty unpleasant carrying bags of shit around with you Sometimes? As in sometimes it's not unpleasant? "Oh look a pretty sunset! Glad I got this bag of shit with me."
I grill up some green chili's (hatch if you can get them in the UK), dice them and then add them to the mix.
No, he'll be bad. But I don't think it will be tanks in the street bad. It will just be the same sort of bad we have now: poor getting poorer, rich getting richer, no progress, women's rights being eroded. We might have less military abroad which I completely support.
I know...I wasn't exactly being serious myself.
Doubtful, it can take years for the nerves to work properly again.
Just wait until the Middle East discovers oil in the Dakotas.
If we are at the point where we are being invaded it means our military has already been largely defeated.
&gt;Almost all of our entire military is of above average. Go to any dojo, none of them are stupid. Does the military train in dojos now? Is the military just a bunch of ninjas at this point? Because a ninja division sounds pretty rad.
The US and Great Britain almost went to war [over a pig](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_War_(1859\)). I was just visiting the location. British Camp is pretty nice, definitely scenic, and still flys a Union flag on US soil. American Camp is not in as nice of a location.
How do you feel about the follow up "The Road to Little Dribbling: More Notes From a Small Island". I've read most of his books but this one was a struggle for me. I also haven't read the first one, for some reason. He always seems to get depressed about 3/4 of the way through his travel books.
I think SRD is stalking me. My wife has food poisoning and some JWs came a'knocking this morning. What the hell?
So he's officially British! Or so I heard. I don't know how this works.
One of my coworkers thinks we should have nothing but toll roads and eliminate property taxes.
By closest you mean that they are both non-rhotic. Otherwise they sound nothing alike.
I'd like to peel those pants right off
I'm sorry but the Queen doesn't sound like she's from South Boston. She's dropping those r's, but that's about it.
&gt;Californians seem friendly and nice, but have this weird sort of self-absorption that isn't found anywhere else. Except in NYC and Texas
I grew up in Seattle and everyone hated Californians. Everyone. Way more than the Oregon hate. But then I moved to San Diego in my mid 20s and don't think I could move back. Quality of life is pretty nice down here, weather is great, food is fantastic. It is expensive but Seattle is becoming more and more expensive. Also traffic in San Diego is nowhere close to Seattle traffic. Traffic at midnight? Sure. Why not? I do like visiting family up there as I miss the forests every now and then. I don't miss the rain.
Thanks. Feeling slightly better right now. Actually keeping water down which is a big improvement from 10 hours ago.
&gt;The issue doesn't directly affect you, so you completely dismiss it. Sad The issue does apply to us. The people voted and the majority want stronger gun laws. That's how it works. My father was killed by a gun because mental health checks are not part of the regulation. How about my right to not fear being killed by a guy with a gun who had a bad day? Or is your gun more important than my right to live?
But why don't gun owners support more regulation and licensing? Going after specific types of guns has been the only regulation that works because stringent licensing and comprehensive background checks along with training aren't part of any solution. I personally don't think restricting specific guns or the number of guns is the issue. It's access to the guns.
I meant works as in the only regulation that can get through. I don't agree with it.
Or it means that the government can track deadly weapons like they track automobiles, etc.
You mean Katrina? One time?
How is California not free? We have the same (or very close) statistics on crime. So I can't own an AR-15 that doesn't make me less free. It's a shitty gun for hunting and home defense. If you think it's going to be a stop to tyranny you're fooling yourself. If that's what you want to spend your money on, doesn't bother me.
So basically you linked a court case about how a guy killed his three daughters with a gun. I guess you're ok with their death due to your rights.
There was no confiscation. A new law was passed outlawing certain guns. That isn't confiscation.
We are the USA in case you forgot. What happens in another country is not relevant. So they didn't confiscate is what you're telling me.
Right, it's a fun gun to shoot. It's very easy to modify and add attachments. Sporting. Not hunting. Think you're taking down that elk with your glorified .22? That's why hunters use a much larger round. I guess if you're shooting coyotes and stray dogs it's perfect.
True, I guess if you wanted a .308 AR. Doesn't seem like the best choice. Maybe trying to have as few rifles as possible? Seems expensive, but again, your money.
[He used a gun](http://murderpedia.org/male.G/g/gonzales-simon.htm) and its back to my point of any psychopath can get a gun. The police wouldn't have to be so worried about restraining orders if he didn't have access to a gun in the first place. But the ruling didn't say they didn't have to protect anyone. It said the police department couldn't be sued.
Right on
I don't trust politicians under the current system of lobbying and financial incentive to work against the people. But we are a completely different place than all those other countries. Guns aren't going away. Ever. And I don't really have an issue with that, but I have an issue with the ease that people can obtain a firearm. It's a joke. Look at all the shootings. It's people who have access who shouldn't. Look at all the suicides. And accidental shootings. How about we act smart about it? And I have yet to see a solution coming from the right other than "it's the price of freedom" which is just so ridiculous. That's not the price of freedom that is the price of irresponsibility. I'm curious what your solution would be.
And I think you should be accountable if you fail to protect your gun. If it's locked up in a safe and someone takes the safe, sure no fault. If it's on your dining room table, sorry, that is 100% your fault.
I'm drinking tons of water. But my head. Oh. It's terrible.
Oh yeah?
So literally any gun by anyone? No background checks, etc?
Yeah, had some toast for dinner. Was debating the advil. Uuugggghhhh. So far everything is staying down.
[Gobstopper IRL](https://31.media.tumblr.com/2f9fd61716b2371ad6e2f239e9a38c31/tumblr_inline_nlw3d85gLV1s2iejq.gif)
There was 11k homicides and 21k suicides vs 9k duo deaths. Doesn't sound responsible to me. And yeah, DUI should be mandatory loss of license for multiple years. Maybe not prison.
It's such a fall back argument to talk about legality of the gun. It's pointless. Guns are too easy to get. That's my point. Anyone can get a gun. You can drive around in a stolen vehicle for only so long before you get caught. Limit access to guns, require locking up weapons, make the legal owner of the gun accountable for actions done with the gun, require training, mental health evaluations as long as you own guns, gun registry.
Well the joke here in San Diego is that no one is from here. And to be honest I don't know a lot of natives. Most are from other states.
Then why aren't gun advocates leading the charge? Why aren't they saying "look, here's some common sense gun regulation that would in no way harm responsible gun owners." Unfortunately you're going to need the politicians at some point.
Then how would you solve it?
[European beer](https://66.media.tumblr.com/c8ebe7eb8fb768d7bd993876228bc117/tumblr_o1ofwsRcWK1ur7mdeo2_r1_500.gif)
If whatever you are plugging in has an input marker like [this](http://imgur.com/z25PakT) then you are fine. You want it to say something along the lines of "input: 100 - 240v" Hair products like hair dryers and curling irons generally won't work unless they are travel versions. Electronics like laptops and phone chargers are generally ok with just an adapter. Just check the plug or the back of the device.
&gt;Kids don't have the mental ability to hold a radical idea. Says the kid who probably couldn't even ollie.
I'm pretty sure that is the moral of the story with that song anyway.
'nadians
Hugh Jackman and Russell Crowe tend to do this weird American tough guy accent that doesn't exist. It sounds like it would be a pain to talk like that all the time. They always seem to fit the roles, but they aren't real.
Singles. Best Seattle movie ever. Unfortunately Rambo was filmed in Canada.
Since I'm in San Diego now I will go with 'Almost Famous'.
True. I've always called it Rambo: First Blood. But that isn't right.
I ordered the drop in from Amazon. Hopefully that is the problem. I don't really want to replace the tank as it's in a pretty hard to reach location. It even sure how I'm going to remove the old dip tube since the clearance is tight.
I was initially considering that. The guest bath valve has been having issues as of late; won't close all the way, lot of dripping. Been meaning to replace the cartridge. Could that one be causing a cross connect? Or does the valve have to be open for a crossover to cause problems?
I just turned off the water supply to the hot water heater and then turned on both hot water taps in the bathroom sinks. When I turned the master bathroom shower to hot I got a stream of water in the the sinks. Turning it off stopped the stream. Trying in the guest shower did not replicate the problem. So I'm guessing it's the valve in the master. Does replacing the cartridge fix that problem or does the entire valve need to go?
i replaced both cartridges in the bathrooms. In the guest bathroom when I have the cold water supply turned off to the hot water heater, I no longer hear the sound of water in the shower valve with it turned all the way to hot. In the master bath I can still hear water and there is water coming out of the sink (both the sink and the shower are turned to hot). Could it be a another bad cartridge or can a valve go bad?
I shit once a day and probably pee about 5 or 6. The majority for me is to stand and pee.
I was following another diagnostic online and it said to find a crossover to turn off the water heater and then open all your hot valves. If you can hear water in your valve you have a cross over. When I do that in one of my showers I can hear water as well as see water come out of the hot valve in the sink next to the shower. It's cold water. When I close the shower valve completely it stops.
Nope live with wife and kids. I definitely pee more than her.
They run through my neighborhood all year long in San Diego. In Seattle, where I grew up, they use to use old right driving mail jeeps. In San Diego they use bigger vans. It's weird seeing them in December.
The band? I would have gone with Chicago myself.
Eh, US news fucked the title up. The survey is "Gallup has asked Americans to name the man, living anywhere in the world, whom they admire most."
&gt;Would we be better off if everyone was a full time hockey player? Probably, mainly due to the cool goalie masks.
&gt;everyone here is going to tell you how you should have prepared for deer hitting earlier that week, and they would have actually brought a deer frightening whistle so you wouldn't have even had to brake the car. That about sums up the comments.
Well Netanyahu tied with the Dalai Lama, which is nice. And Trump is 2nd with Pence in 10th. So I think there is enough Putin parts to actually assemble one.
Either you have a stay at home parent or both parents work to offset the costs. You also get up to a 6k tax credit for daycare and healthcare premiums are deductible from your taxes. Premiums for health care usually are priced for single person, one dependant, or a family (usually unlimited people I would guess). There are some differences depending on the plan and how they price out dependants. Maternity and paternity leave are all state and company specific. The federal government allows 12 weeks of unpaid, job protected leave. In California you get 6 or 8 weeks of paid leave depending on the delivery, more for cesarean. 6 weeks for the father which can be taken anytime over a single year in different blocks of time. But, yes, it's expensive. My 2 children's daycare bill is 2200/mo. My mortgage is 2100/mo. I should have bought a condo and moved my mother down as it would have been more financially beneficial.
I cursed at the TV alot. City shut down the passing lanes. I'm glad it's over.
Would be delicious if this post made it to /r/all (the mods didn't opt out, did they?)
Like Washington crossing the Delaware? (Apparently it's too early to spell things correctly)
I meant the famous painting. I doubt he was on the bow of a boat being all super heroic during a sneak attack.
&gt;I've had buffalo mozzarella. It's not bad, but it's not world changing. I will fight you
I thought it was an earthquake. I'm out in San Carlos and definitely heard it.
Take out the www before the np. Links broken. Like my heart.
Mexican food. I know it's better in Mexico, but it's pretty damn good in San Diego. I've eaten Mexican in Europe and Asia and it's pretty awful. Obviously haven't tried every place.
I guess I should be happy that my family converted the ö to oe when they landed in America. Although, people still can't pronounce it correctly. Including my family.
What does this have to do with food?
Not really in California and Arizona. It's pretty different. Not a lot of mole out here.
Well you do [have walls in the UK](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peace_lines).
People in the US are going to know it's part of the UK. They probably wouldn't call it a country, and some would say it's part of England. It seems [our European friends get lazy with it, too](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskEurope/comments/5htbqw/how_common_in_your_country_is_it_to_refer_to_the/).
Cheese made from the milk of water buffalo.
DDOS against root name and TLD servers.
At least get the quote right.
"Where did you get those clothes? The toilet store?"
&gt;Y'know what works a lot better against a group of neo-nazi's/white supremacists? logic and reasoning, facts and evidence, compasion... words. If logic and reason worked with neo-nazi's then they probably wouldn't be a neo-nazi to begin with.
We had one semester of US history in 8th grade focused on colonial history finishing with the Revolution and the drafting of the Constitution. So basically half a school year.
That's why I carry a briefcase full of them wherever I go.
Yeah, but grandpa went there in the 60s to avoid the draft.
You mean someone who advocates for "peaceful ethnic cleansing" is beyond reasoning with?
You would think so
This was in Washington.
[Maybe this?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Australia_policy)
Longer than the actual sinking
Scrambled: 4 eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon butter (melted in the pan). Salt and Pepper.
The *boos are for any fanatic. Not just the Americans.
"These policies effectively allowed for British migrants to be preferred over all others through the first four decades of the 20th century. During the Second World War, Prime Minister John Curtin reinforced the policy, saying "This country shall remain forever the home of the descendants of those people who came here in peace in order to establish in the South Seas an outpost of the British race."
Dyn was just taken out last month. They host a large number of dns servers. It could theoretically be done.
I had frost on my car this morning in San Diego. #globalwarmingisalie
[Just waiting on a friend](https://g.co/kgs/yDdqdd)
You know, didn't even check the link. Google did that autoannoyingly (new word, zing!)
We have three in our family of only 2 drivers. We have an Accord, Sienna mini van, and a Tundra truck. The truck used to be my daily driver until we had kids, now I drive the van. The truck is used for home improvement projects but mostly sits there, maybe 500 miles later year.
Alternate title: pissing with chlamydia
I'm at the game and they ran out of beer and hotdogs 35 mins in.
You will see poll numbers that Congress has an approval rating in the low teens, and then see individual congressmen have high approval ratings. People tend to like their representative or senator but distrust the institution they elected them into.
I've been in my house for 5.5 years and only experienced a power outage once, around Sept 2012 or so when that dude in Arizona cut power to the entire Southwest and SoCal. We've might have had smaller outages due to line work but I can't remember them happening. We lose water with power since our neighborhood is on a pump. We lose that 3 or 4 times a year due to pump issues.
But you're a member of t_d. They're just MAGA. You should be happy.
So good he stroked out
Well don't leave us hanging!
"I was just being a troll"
&gt;I won't help people who won't at least put in the effort to help themselves and if anyone has a problem with that I don't really give a rat's ass. Your decision to practice as you wish is ultimately your decision. He's gonna be a hell of a father one day. "Daddy I'm on fire!" "Did you try putting it out yourself?" "No, I'm burning" "Fuck you, you lazy shit, go die!"
&gt;There are places in California that truck in water from NY because the crust is so good and the water is one of the reasons people attribute to it. This is true, but the reasons for the import of water aren't so sincere. We actually get tired of NYers complaining every time they eat at a California pizza spot that we opened up New York style pizzerias with "imported water" to keep them satisfied so that we can enjoy our pizzas in peace.
We should have stayed in. It was not binding so it was always a best effort anyway. We need to take climate change more seriously. [Even energy companies wanted us to stay in it](http://www.npr.org/2017/05/18/528998592/energy-companies-urge-trump-to-remain-in-paris-climate-agreement).
I means that he will come up with the Trump Plan that only he will sign. It guarantees coal plants for the next 450 years.
If a "leftist" doesn't like Trump it's because they hate America, when the right hates Obama it's because he's earned it. Criticism does not equal hate. And yes, America should be criticized when it does dumb things.
Where am I hating? Pointing out hypocrisy? You're proving my point.
And for how long? Europe and China are actively working trade deals with each other. We've been excluded from that due to Trumps big mouth. You forget we need the rest of world as much as they need us and there is a growing (rapidly) economic power which just surpassed us (China). You think we are going to win a trade war against the rest of the world? We don't.
Washington or Oregon. Although I grew up in Seattle so maybe that's cheating.
Tacoma, and it's even in a Steve Miller song.
&gt;Do you even know who Achilles is? Yes, and he's so dreamy.
&gt;People tend to resort post history when they are desperate. No biggie :) No *bigly* FTFY
Best summers I've ever experienced. I grew up in Seattle and that is one thing I do miss since moving away.
I like to remind my Marine Corps friends that the Marines are in the Department of the Navy (at least in the US). And then their response is always "Yeah the men's department." To which I respond "Shut up, sailor."
Italy was already used as an example of how completely different parts within the same country are. But I have a personal example: I was working out of Sicily for a while and I became friendly with the hotel front desk workers. Anyway, I was trying to find a restaurant that sold a certain type of food. I asked the first girl who was actually german but had learned Italian in Florence and went to school in Catania (the city we were in in Sicily). She didn't know, so she asked the girl next to her who was from Catania, but she didn't know either. So she asked the guy in the back who was from Palermo which is on the other side of the Island. So none of that is weird except for the fact that the first girl I asked could speak the local dialect in Catania but couldn't really speak the dialect from Palermo, so that is why the 2nd girl asked the guy; not the first. At one point they are all talking to each other in different dialects and no one is understanding anything. Finally the guy asks me in very bad English what I was looking for and told him. He paused and said my Italian was terrible and I was asking for the wrong thing. And the food is only sold in Palermo. That just doesn't happen in the US with native English speakers. Even with slang we can understand each other.
Highway 1 to 101 is great See the [Chandalier Tree](http://www.drivethrutree.com/home.html) Trees of Mystery and [Paul Bunyan](https://www.treesofmystery.net/paul-babe.php) The redwoods in general are very cool to see. In Oregon, the coastal cities can be cool, like Cannon Beach.
He's dead, so I guess he would be a creepy creep.
Pulling yourself up by your bootstraps is an impossible task. People misuse the term, but it implies someone being foolish. So no, it's not possible.
[Here's is a reddit link and source](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4zpqp3/til_pulling_yourself_up_by_your_bootstraps/).
I think the "Couldn't/Could care less" is an interesting one. Both are grammatically correct but mean two different things when you think about it.
Every Friday for trash and alternating Fridays for recycling and greens/yard waste. You have to buy special cans so the city's trucks can pick them up with their autoloaders. The service is "free" to homes as its covered under a tax that was implemented sometime in the early 1900s. You can have as many cans as you want, I believe. Some of my neighbors have multiple garbage, recycling, and yard waste cans.
Is that first link the Königssee?
I went to that lake on recommendation from another traveler while I was walking around. It was very nice. Took the ferry to the church on the other side.
I believe we call that rape
Infinity isn't a number though.
Hmmm...did you use a permanent marker or a white board marker?
Not into dudes...but I can send someone over. Do you like cowboys or astronauts more?
Pineapple and chicken teriyaki Cranberry sauce and turkey Mango chicken Any of the billion salads with chicken and some fruit (or craisons) Melon, prosciutto, and mozzarella Pork chops and apple (or apple sauce) Steak kebabs with peppers Fish tacos with lime Orange chicken
Space cowboys it is
You're technically not a sweet fruit. Pssh.
&gt;"the British Isles" covers the UK, **Ireland** I would suggest finding a hideout for the next couple of days. Let this whole thing blow over.
Too late...you've been reported. Mr. Higgins will be over promptly to give you a stern lecture and stare at you in a semi-mean fashion for at least 2 minutes.
He eventually goes away once you prove you can spell whiskey the correct way.
Martia
Well they are Americans after all.
When in LA find a taco shack and get a carne asada burrito. They're more of a San Diego thing, but if the menu has it in LA, get the California burrito. A California burrito is carne asada WITH french fries inside. Sometimes in LA a California burrito is a vegetarian burrito and it will make you angry instead of full. Can't help you with which taco shack as I don't know them in LA, in San Diego you want to hit Robertos.
&gt;And I said I would fuck AS YOUNG AS 9 AT THE YOUNGEST if there were no age of consent I think that this is one of those times when kink shaming is appropriate
I wish I could use it to report people parked in handicap spots. My child's daycare has a number of parents who do this. I've been debating calling the police and have them just park in the lot, they could make up budget shortfalls in about a week.
I make snarky comments to the parents. They don't care. "They'll be just a couple of minutes". If I was more of an asshole I would give them about 15 more minutes of changing a flat they somehow aquired.
Flint tap water or Putin methed out
The Catholics I grew up with in Seattle (I was raised Catholic) were very liberal. Here in San Diego and LA it's been a very different experience. Not all are super conservative but plenty are.
My wife's family is from the Thousand Oaks area (so basically not LA, but close enough) but her entire family and friends were all super conservative Catholics. It was a weird thing coming fom super liberal Seattle. I wasn't religious to begin with but the Church wasn't so bad up there. Now I'm 100% not religious.
&gt;We invented lasagne [Sorry, no](http://legendsrevealed.com/entertainment/2013/09/23/was-lasagna-really-invented-in-england/)
"It’s certainly POSSIBLE that the dish was invented in England and it just happened to match a Greek word perfectly and it was then brought to Italy, but it seems so much more likely that loseyns was based on hearing about lasagne in Italy, especially as the references of lasagne being in Italy predate Forme of Cury AND the term lasagne has a clear basis in the language of Greece and Italy. I think it is so likely that I am willing to give a false to the notion that Britain invented lasagna." There you go!
You're funny.
I hear the lasagna is pretty good... Although, I've actually never seen it on a menu there the many times I've been. I'm more of a cacio e pepe fan myself.
Is the bus fat or the rider slash driver?
We are doing ok I guess regardless of the political situation. Our schools are teetering though. Which sucks. Because my kids are about ready to start in them in the next year or so.
We have the most craft breweries in the US. And every other state hates us.
I used to go to the beach for beer and BBQ BUT some zonies got too excited one year and couldn't contain their alcohol related fun. They started picking fights with the cops and rioted. Now we don't get to drink on the beach anymore. Now I BBQ at my house and have a pool party. We all have kids now so it's much more tame.
We pay just over $2k/mo USD for 2 kids. My mother in law works in a daycare north of LA where famous people take their kids and it's almost half. We don't have famous people. But we have a view of the freeway. I don't get the price differential seeing as they live in a much fancier neighborhood. And we are getting a deal!
I actually go up to LA all the time. My only real problem with LA is the constant and never ending traffic and the Sepulveda Pass. Fuck that thing.
I'm very embarrassed to admit this, but I didn't know Rod Stewart was British for the longest time. I didn't think he was American, just didn't know he was British. My wife gives me never ending shit about it. But I pay her back by reminding her that she actually thought Eric Clapton was American. &gt;John Boyega - (Finn) Star Wars The only problem I have with this is that Star Wars doesn't take place in America, so he wouldn't play an African American role.
Oh wow, I thought Alan Tudyk was British, too.
&gt;Ashton Kutcher has a lot of Czech ancestry. Do you want him back? We can arrange it.
Build a wall!
[Some conservatives have displayed some love for Putin, maybe not Russia](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/gop-russia-putin-support-232714). This has been going on for a while. My wife's grandfather was a huge Putin fan. He doesn't necessarily like Russia, but he's told me many times that he wished Obama was a real leader like Putin.
You think a right wing militia (because that's what we are talking about) would side with China, Russia, or Iran?
The US military would have to be severely hindered to not be able to block those countries. Plus Iran doesn't even have the capability to supply anyone on the other side of the globe.
San Diego is basically a huge base with both the Navy and the Marines everwhere. The Navy is the 3rd largest employer in the city. If the bases closed it would have a huge impact.
According to the article "And it's even higher today: 37 percent of Republicans view Putin favorably, the poll found in December." It's not a majority, that's for sure. But that's a good amount of people who like Putin.
Our borders are very secure. The government doesn't care about illegal immigrants because they don't pose a threat. They do care about military transport coming across the border.
We don't have the military on the border today. In a war within the US? Absolutely we would.
Monitoring borders does not equate to combat roles. Most of the military personnel are in not combat roles. And Canada and Mexico aren't suddenly going to let their sides become insecure. They would be actively securing their side.
Yeah, good point, polls aren't necessarily clear and as objective as we would like.
They mention him positively or just mention him? In the latter half of Obama's term I heard many conservatives in my circle of friends and family mention they liked him. But we're in California and it can get weird here at times.
&gt; it's a weird braggy thing that people do like I'm so tall my hair will never look long on me! /r/short is leaking again
It's very true. We have 623 breweries you have 334. That is literally higher than you. If you mean per capita, then you are behind Montana with 9 per capita versus 8.4 with CO, which is behind Vermont with 10.8 per capita. California is way down on that list.
Obama sanctioned Russia multiple times resulting in a weakened Russian economy. Other than war, what's the desired response? And I'm not going to defend Clinton, she's as dirty as the rest since Reagan.
I'm on mobile and it's a pain to type. &gt;I'm just pointing out that Putins shenanigans all happened before Trump took office (verifiably true). It's been happening under Clinton, Bush, Obama, and now Trump. And will continue until he leaves office. Putin stirring the pot is nothing new.
Yes... Ar and ow-er. Edit: I just realized I read 'our' and pronounce 'our' differently. Read it as 'ar' pronounce it as 'ow-r'
I only say it when someone sneezes.
Not sure if its in the soda relm, but you said non carbonated, so: Tamarindo and Jaimaca. Mexican drinks. I'm very fond of Tamarindo. You can make it yourself if you get the leaves, I guess that's what they are. So good.
&gt;Buying a car here for instance is just sooo much more expensive than it should be because of the taxation. I've heard that this is why you have so many Tesla cars in Norway due to the tax breaks. Is that true?
Mission Beach and Pacific Beach have the beaches for sure and night life. Probably more food options in PB versus Mission. Mission Beach has better hotels. Both are party spots, PB much more so. They are basically next to each other though. Downtown, either Gas Lamp or East Village are fun with good food and hotel options but the beach really isn't an option even though you're right on the water.
[In case anyone is wondering about German bread](http://www.npr.org/sections/nprberlinblog/2011/08/12/139552924/german-bread-the-dark-truth). To be honest, I don't remember specifically liking the bread in Germany. I've been a couple times and I don't recall saying "wow this is good!" I do remember really liking the sausages, not all as I had some that were very bland or didn't taste good. I've had some very good sausage in the US, but it's never been any of the mass produced stuff you find in our grocery stores, usually at butcher shops, so it takes a little more effort to get. I obviously didn't try every single German beer, or come anywhere close to that. I remember being very dissapointed in the beer in Germany as when I was growing up I all I heard was how good German beer was. It wasn't bad by any means, but I was expecting a golden nectar of the German gods, and what I got was, well beer, and it wasn't anything special. What I did notice is that German beer seems made for really drinking, and I didn't feel the same fullness from drinking large quantities as I do with American beers. Maybe I was just too excited about being in Germany. I'm not saying Americans beers are better. I did enjoy drinking German beer. But when your hear your entire life that German beer is the best, it's dissapointing to find out that it's just *another beer at the end of the day. Edit: words and such
I was actually trying to find one like that, but we went on one that was connected to a track underneath.
[Like this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountain_coaster). Even though all the pictures are of 9 year old kids, this 30 something year old (me) thought it was great fun.
Yeah, I don't have any issue finding healthy food in San Diego. And don't find that it's that expensive, either.
I guess I will just have to go on another trip to find the best one!
Well I liked it...I just expected to be blown away. And I wasn't.
If only they could vote...
The left wing is not pro-illegal immigration. What we want is immigration reform. We are one of the hardest places to immigrate to.
There is voter fraud. It's true. But it's been proven multiple times that it's an insignificant amount.
[Well, Republicans disagree with you](http://time.com/4736959/voter-fraud-trump-matthew-masterson/) and maybe it's the Republicans [doing it?](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-colorado-voterfraud-idUSKBN16T37X)
Well since the Republicans lost the Whitehouse and both houses of Congress this last cycle it's clearly a problem. And although I'm not one to call a source BS, you quoted that even Harvard called the report BS. And it's clearly not a biased report with the use of "leftist". [Politifact also called that BS](http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/nov/18/blog-posting/no-3-million-undocumented-immigrants-did-not-vote-/)
&gt;That's not entirely true. Many on the left want "open borders" and believe that anyone who wants to come to America should able to and there should be no law stopping them. And people crossing illegally should not be punished, but encouraged. My eyes are rolling like a slot machine in Vegas. Many on the left. Jesus. Are there some on the left? Sure. But majority want reform.
Investors.com shows up with Breitbart and Infowars with that study. I'll take Politifact over them 10/10 times.
[This is the problem I'm talking about](https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-3295d195befd0d8066408b6ae9f6140f-c).
Most of the West...
Sure there are harder countries to move to, but the EU (especially Germany) seems like you just need money. I can move visa free right now if I had ~40k Euros and get 6 months to find a job. You can't just move to the US. You need some type of visa or a green card. Neither of which are just handed out. It can take years to get a green card. The lottery only gives out 10k a year at random. That's not good odds.
No, it wouldn't change a thing. You're absolutely right. The people who are low skilled immigrants aren't going to qualify for any of the programs. Yet they are doing the jobs Americans won't do. So there needs to be a guest worker program that let's them come over legally. It shouldn't be a free for all, I'm not advocating for that. And we should vet, but it shouldn't take 10 years to vet people. That's our current problem, and why we have so many illegal immigrants. You expedite the process and people won't need to sneak over.
I'm using the American definition of liberal, so yes.
[Woodie agrees](http://ushistoryscene.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Woody_Guthrie_NYWTS-1140x1433.jpg)
Jelly donut, raspberry jelly specifically.
Story of my life
I have this memory of my oldest brother swimming and my sister doing a back flip off a diving board while on vacation at this beach hotel. Years later (probably 13 or 14 years) we went back to the same place and I went swimming. My mom came to get me out of the pool and I asked her when they put the cover on (the pool used to be outdoors but they built an enclosure around it). She looked puzzled and asked how I knew there wasn't one before (this was the Washington State coast and it's cold there all the time). So I told her I remember my brother and sister being here. She said that the last time the family was here she was pregnant with me. It's such an odd memory as I can distinctly remember my sister doing the back flip and my brother splashing water at someone.
God, no. I've never had to deal with being from Nebraska.
Large appliances or high wattage devices are expensive to convert voltage for. Check the number of watts your slow cooker uses. Curling irons, as an example, don't usually play well with voltage conversions. My wife has cooked more than one curling iron or transformer when going to Europe from the US. Easier to just buy a travel iron. I have an Instant Pot and it's 1000 watt. No way to convert that bad boy, well there is, but it's more expensive than just buying a European model (if it exists).
&gt;No child deserves a drug addict for a parent and you are putting your kid at a lot of risk. As the son of an alcoholic and then later crack addict, let me just echo that. At least my father waited until I was in high school to fuck himself up. It was probably going on much longer since some alcoholics are very good at hiding it. But once you get into harder drugs, well, it's all downhill from there. I don't hate drug addicts as they aren't really people anymore. And if you've never had a parent beg you for drug money than you're really missing out on some important life lessons.
My wife's old college roommate met three guys on her graduation cruise to Mexico and had some fun.
Carne asada burrito, guacamole with chips, and tamarindo or jamaica. Just Southern Ca, though.
She met them at one of the bars, they had drinks, went to the pool, and then back to one of the rooms for the remainder of the cruise (it was three days). My wife actually thought she was shacking up with just one of the guys BUT I ended up meeting one of the guy participants months later through another friend (total random coincidence). He told me the whole story, and it was literally beer, pool, 4 way. Could there have been more of a malicious back story? Sure. BUT she later flew up to visit these three guys a while later for round 2. So I'm guessing she was a willing participant.
Hmm, maybe burritos and fish tacos.
I can't fucking stand IPA anymore.
Actually never seen it down here. I've only had it in Mexico. I googled it and it looks like there are a good amount of places that serve it, but honestly haven't tried it here. Carne asada or carnitas is pretty much king here.
You really shouldn't tell people what they were implying unless you actually understand their point of view. In this case you are 100% wrong.
I did it when I was 24. Up and moved to San Diego from Seattle. San Diego is basically a transient town; so many people move here just to have the beach party experience then go back home after a couple years. With that said since everyone is new it's pretty easy to make new friends. But you have to want that scene. I wasn't into the beach scene but still made friends easy enough. It's expensive here but I'm not going anywhere.
I do enjoy a California burrito. BUT I've been bamboozled in Huntington Beach where a California burrito was a vegetarian burrito. I nearly started a riot.
I already live in CA, and don't have any plans to leave. Lived very briefly in Pensacola and it was too hot and humid (nice beaches though), don't care for Texas, NY weather blows, Pennsylvania doesn't appeal to me. If I had to choose outside of CA...hmmm...Maybe Texas. But I wouldn't be happy about it.
Oh I definitely think it's rare. In my 40 years I don't know a single other who's done something similar. Not that I frequently ask people about gangbangs.
How awesome is Lord Buckethead?
Oh darn..another food excursion.
Yeah, it just doesn't seem popular in San Diego. [Here's Robertos menu](http://www.robertostacoshop.com/menu/) one of the more popular places. It's not on the menu, unfortunately. The place down the street from me nor the place next to my don't have them either. Adobada seems pretty popular these days, though.
I know....I learned the hard way. Shitty part was that it was the same chain as we have in San Diego (Freds).
[And now he wants to kill it](http://www.salon.com/2017/06/18/rick-perrys-plan-to-kill-funding-for-wind-and-solar-power/)
You've never been around an addict I take it.
According to Wiki it's been 3 different people
Addiction is obviously a very sensitive subject, and if you talked to me 20 years ago when I was dealing with my own father I was exactly in your shoes. He was my father after all; he helped me with my homework, girl problems, taught me how to drive, how to use power tools, etc. He was probably always a drunk, he just hid it very well. His own father was a drunk who died at 45. When he discovered crack you could watch the downward spiral happen, and I was naive enough to think I could talk him out of it. Be his friend, let him tell me his sob story about how hard his life is/was, give him money for "gas" or "food" because you know how mom is with the bank account. All these little things that enabled the behavior. Let him sleep on my couch at school. And soon you don't even remember when he stopped bathing; seeing him all disheveled with 3 day old food all over himself smelling like shit and vomit. Yet you still remember the dad who did all the things above. And you can't just let him die? Right? And then you talk to your brothers and hear that he just came from their house with the same sob story about mom taking away his credit cards, and you all realize that you just gave him 200 bucks between the 3 of you and you realize you guys are part of the problem. And here lies the tricky part: If it was just some dude on the street you would walk on by and ignore him, maybe give some left over food, or throw some coins. You have no emotional attachment to this person. When it's your dad, mother, brother, son, best friend from forever, now its a different game. That person who was always there for you as a kid is now using strong emotional manipulation techniques. They guilt trip you, they scream at you, they use every trick in the book to get money or something out of you to continue their addiction. Have you ever been there? Go to any addiction support group for families and friends and that story will be repeated often and over and over again. The person you loved and cared for is gone. They can come back. But as of right now, they aren't your dad or friend or brother or sister, they are an addict. They aren't in control. Offering them anything other than a trip to rehab or detox is going to further enable that behavior. Its a VERY tough decision to make. They are obviously a person, and there should be compassion, but you can't fix them alone. go to /r/addiction and read the stories. Common theme: You can't fix them. They need to fix themselves.
&gt;That still doesn't excuse dehumanising them I actually never said to dehumanize them. Others have used that word and are putting words in my mouth. What I meant is that they are not the person you knew and loved. They are 100% human, but they are also an addict. And addicts at this level are living their entire life to get high. They don't care about anything else, they don't care about you or their job (if they even have one) or anything else. And so you as a family member have to make a choice: remove your emotional attachment or become an enabler. And it's hard, a nearly impossible task. But every drug counselor will tell you the same thing: do not enable them, do not give in to their whining, and guilt trips. Offer them support to get healthy and that's it. That is not dehumanizing them. That is understanding that a chemical addiction is taking over their actions. Again, go to a support group, talk to a counselor. They will all tell you the same thing. Enabling the bahvior makes both of your lives miserable. Offer support offer love, caring, and that's it. That is the opposite of what I'm being accused of.
I guess I would be embarrassed that I caught them not that they are doing it. I don't want to see that shit.
My wife has been a recruiter for 13 years. The recruiter does not make hiring decisions, the team needing the potential employee does. She does not care about a follow on letter. It won't help getting the job anyway.
I don't think he will need to know any of that as an internal employee who's not dealing with any actual government projects. Sounds like an internal position for a company that supports the government.
I worked defense for 15 years as a contractor. As an internal support person it's not really any different than a regular commercial company. Unless the company has classified networks, which is certainly a possibility (but rare). In which case if they want you to support those networks you would need a clearance. But if they didn't mention any of that to you then either they don't have any classified networks or you won't touch them. I move back to commercial 2.5 years ago and it's no different. (I do security not networking but I've worked with the network teams in both cases)
Hamburgers and hotdogs, maybe some bratwursts. And if I see ketchup on a hotdog and the person is over 10 I'm making them leave.
[This should explain it](https://www.chowhound.com/food-news/121025/why-does-ketchup-on-a-hot-dog-piss-people-off/). But I just like to give people shit about it, and my friends like to text me pictures of their hotdogs covered in ketchup.
I usually get hot, but the brand I've been eating in San Diego is [La Salsa Chilena](http://www.lasalsachilena.com/). It's ok. Medium isn't hot enough and hot is too hot. In Seattle I ate [San Juan salsa.](http://www.sanjuansalsa.com/). I remember it being really good when I lived there but didn't enjoy it as much the last time I visited. Usually bought medium.
Travels with Charley is a good autobiography of him traveling around the US in a camper with his dog.
Have to give it a shot. Always looking for a good book to read.
I went on an Alaskan cruise a couple years back. It was nice. I could see myself renting a cabin there in the summer sometime. I went to college with a bunch of Alasakans, they weren't that much different from people from Washington.
&gt;How often do people punch you in the face? Food and cooking subs should have manditory meet-ups. I would go just for the shit show it would turn into. It would be glorious.
[This might help](http://www.ezpads.com/installation.html)
I thought it looked good. Maybe I need to move to a trailer park.
I've never understand the position that if you criticize something then you must hate it. I don't want to live anywhere else (well maybe live someplace else for a little bit). But the US is far from perfect.
I'm seizing the means of production as we speak.
Because liberal or left wing = not patriotic. According to the love-it-or-leave-it coalition.
&gt;America is probably a little more wood heavy That's what she said.
&gt;Not knowing something does not make you ignorant Actually, that's literally the definition.
Wilfully ignorant would probably be the term I would use in that situation.
Yes I moved from Seattle to San Diego mainly due to the weather. I'm basically allergic to the NW. Allergy problems don't exist for me in SoCal.
I'm not sure if its a tourist attactive but "Little America" in Wyoming. I drove from Seattle to San Franciso, and then to Pueblo, CO. That 2nd leg was about 1300 miles. About 1000 miles of that had billboards for "Little America" ever freaking 2 feet. We stopped and got gas there. This was in the 90's and they didn't have pay at the pump for cards so you had to go inside to pay. They didn't take my card (I think it was American Express) and this was before check cards. So I asked if they had an ATM, the lady was totally confused. She pointed to the corner and said they just installed that thing, pointing to an ATM. It was weird. I'm sure it had been there for years, or at least had one on that giant facility someplace. But she had never seen one before. Anyway, little America sucked.
Yeah, it's pretty empty out there. Or was when I did that drive 20 years ago.
Oh, you sweet summer child Btw, I had sex with my children's mother last night. I am, in fact, a mother fucker.
Well then why does my wallet say [bad mother fucker?](http://www.badassoftheweek.com/badass-juleswallet.jpg). Check and mate.
Well she did choose me as the father.
&gt;just watch me uncoupling it all up and down this thread like a crazy mofo [O M G](https://www.shitpostbot.com/img/sourceimages/unzips-57d48afbd0943.jpeg).
I had some very good Indian food in Amsterdam. Better than anything I've had in the US (not that that is a bar for success).
Calling people from Arizona "zonies".
Very well known...but not a fan. More of a Spurs fan myself (the Tottenham variety).
Koh-i-noor. From what I wrote down years ago.
&gt;even though Islam is inherently violent. WTF? Are you serious?
It's going to be regional where the Indian populations are. I've had very good Indian food in the DC area. It's not very good here in San Diego.
Defense systems rely on physical separation of networks versus security controls performing detection/prevention. All it takes is one idiot to cross connect a network (happens all the time) and you're screwed.
Ha, forgot about him. That was some funny shit.
Huh, I've dated a couple girls I've met randomly out in public. First date was usually coffee or a beer, though, dinner was 2nd date material.
Well online dating/apps wasn't much of a thing 10-15 years ago when I was still in the circuit. There were some for sure, but it wasn't really accepted yet, people still made up stories how they met. Seems to be pretty standard way these days.
I grew up in Seattle and my mom made sun tea every summer. Never knew why she made so much since everyone else in the family hated it. I've actually never seen it made in California in the 16 years I've been here.
They also [fly one at English Camp](https://www.visitsanjuans.com/sites/default/files/styles/business_banner/public/photos/english_camp_green_grass-700x330.jpg?itok=s8T3HO3_ ) in the San Juan Islands in Washington State. Home of the [Pig War](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_War_(1859\)).
Not really. I've been working with this skin for 40 years. Body wash is the only thing that works.
Cobbler
[Totes](http://ftw.usatoday.com/2017/06/best-news-bloopers-weather-boy-nevada-ted-pretty-not-real-hoax-thats-his-son-video)
The horror
Campaign finance
Churros are pretty popular in southern California, but I have no clue why they aren't sold with chocolate like they are in Spain. I know of only one place that sells them with chocolate here. It's a shame.
How do you fit 8 astronauts in a volkswagen bug? 1 in the driver's seat and 7 in the ashtray.
Hmmm...I don't recall seeing those anywhere. Always willing to try new things, though.
California's is 'Eureka!' Appropriate times to say it include: finding your wallet, glasses, or self esteem.
"1 uppers" are even worse
