I just finished watching it for the first time, holy shit, tell me he won something for that role.
Ya see? what did I tell you! :)
Caffeine is an indirect trigger of mine, as in, it leads to anxiety then to dpdr, not always, but it can... I'd suggest cutting back on caffeine and soda for your general health as well...
What's with those tracks at the bottom there?
Reminds me of this Eastern European cab driver I had once, the man reeked so bad of sweat I couldn't breath. Red lights were a nightmare, however once we were moving with the breeze it was barely tolerable. It was a long cab ride, $60-$70 if I remember, I didn't tip him shit.
Jesus Christ
Andy, our commutes are in your hands and you have butter fingers???
Go to Times Square and report back. They're everywhere.
What? They were Ford...
Eh, not really. The ones that are used around the world are much more simple and cheaper than the ones used in the movie... The tarted up, leather appointed luxurious ones used in the movies fetch upwards of $110,000 and were placed there for product placement more than anything...
That's not the issue. It was just too blatantly obvious they wanted advertisement.
She'll have a hard time getting citizenship in Canada don't worry
This is complete BS
I wouldn't be surprised if it was driven by a soccer mom trying to convince all her neighbors about the legitimacy of Arbonne products...
Exactly, the issue isn't speed, it's enforcement. There is nothing wrong with the 40/50 kph speed limit, it's the enforcing that is lacking, that and bozos who jaywalk and bozos who can't drive to save their own life
All the dashed lines mean is that you're allowed to cross them. You can't cross a solid line, not that anyone in this town cares. I sometimes think why we even bother with traffic laws at all... /s
Complain about what, exactly?
I believe Queen West/Kensington is a bit of a dump. OK, maybe not dump, it just could be better. I've encountered some true asshats there, moreso than other parts of the city. From randos on the sidewalk to incredibly arrogant and fairly rude restaurant owners. I don't find anything wrong with a delivery driver slightly blocking a bike lane and wished people would just get on with their lives and stop being so damn butthurt over it and just continue their ride/commute. As much as I like streetcars I think they hold up way too much traffic on streets where they don't have a dedicated line. I too would like trolley busses. I like driving downtown and absolutely hate the idea of the war on the car. There are too many industries that depend on car travel that are located downtown.
That's a bit extreme if I'm honest.
so what's your proposal then?
Yes, but make sure you have a transfer. Also, it doesn't work in the opposite way. Can I ask why you'd want to? It just seems like a bit of a hassle, unless you just want to avoid the crowd of the 196 ...
"Must also befriend a Jew" should be a requirement too
This is what happens when cousin Attila comes on holiday.
Although I do agree a large majority of the blame lies with the driver, Toronto's traffic signage is also overly complicated and too text-based in many circumstances. Take for example, the left turn restrictions signs that display a time period where you cannot make a left hand turn. I have good vision, and I struggle to squint and read the times displayed, making me sit in the middle of an intersection while I figure out if I'm allowed to turn or not. Why not just make the damn text bigger? or install those electronic "no left turn" signs at every downtown intersection? And here, instead of having another sign that says "left turn signal" why not just display a left arrow on the lens of the corresponding signal light? Honestly people are just confusing it for the transit signal probably.... Something like this even: http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0PtmBsmSQnc/0.jpg tl;dr Drivers are incompetent yes, but traffic signage is seriously outdated too
I'm not sure I follow ...
No no, what I'm saying is instead of the sign AND the corresponding traffic signal light for the left turn lane, they install traffic signal lights that have little "left turn" arrows for each of the colors. it's exactly like those green forward arrows you see on some traffic lights, except the arrows would be pointed to the left and there would be an arrow for the yellow and red light as well. Wouldn't that just be easier? And they can even have a light that permits U-turns. They're very common in Europe and much much easier to decipher when you're driving.
Is it just me or is his front tire flat as well?
Yes, we need these at every intersection where left turn restrictions exist. Those miniscule time schedules at the bottom of the existing signs are stupid.
Do you clean up after yourself at a restaurant?
That's quite a ride you had .. Wtf did I say now??? fuck me you people are sensitive
Oh don't worry, plenty of rapey rape and shenanigans going on with voice+text plans too
That's because the city is full of two types of bozos: Those who have absolutely no care for how to design a road system and just copy and paste the same design and intersection type everywhere, so of course people have no idea what the hell to do when they come across something like this. The bozos driving who treat driving like a secondary action after checking Facebook, texting, changing radio stations and what not. I've driven there, there's no god damn reason why someone who is paying attention and has half a brain can't successfully navigate around.
The picture in the list does not correspond with the car though. Pictured is a regular Volvo V70, but the car in question is actually the fairly rare V70-R (for the time rare, however now it's considered a "unicorn"). If you had one of those that would be really cool. Here's a picture https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg/1280px-Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg
Not sure if you're kidding..
Wow, what a colossal cocksucker you are
Yeah they do, into their own lane. You don't get first pick at whichever lane you'd like.
God damn tarantula shit hawks
That's ironic considering how diluted it already is..
Take note Dean Blundell, this is a respectable radio host, not some dim wit making fart jokes on the morning radio show for 14 year kids you asshat
I still like Mark Tewksbury more
Story?
This is probably why they have Autoshare and Zipcar vehicles located in the parking lots.. And trust me just enrol one/your family members vehicles (because they need the ownership too for registration) and swipe the mirror pass for every car, the parking enforcement do not look up every pass number to make sure it's registered to the parked car, if it's there it's there, and they move on.
8 year olds dude..
46
What god damn cowards. Crimes like these are just the lowest of the low, fuckin' amateurs. I'm glad you're okay OP, it's just a damn phone life goes on, go hug your loved ones
Well there you have it
You just went ahead...and made a new streetlight? Probably not a good idea..
You are so smart
OMGOMGOMGOMG
I agree, they're stupid big and look goofy
$3.50
There is a difference between projector headlamps and HID. Projectors are just regular halogen headlights that use a projector housing similar to HID projector beams, in that you get the same "cut off" and a more defined "cleaner" lighting area. HIDs refer to the bulbs themselves which ignite xenon gas to produce a bright blueish white light, but the bulbs are also in a projector housing in order to not blind oncoming drivers and for the ability to swivel around corners and be able to automatically adjust (though these features may not be available on all cars).
Let the liquor do the thinking Rand...
What area is this?
He was someone's kid man come on...
The last real serious rape occurred in 2007, nearly a decade ago. There were never any "shootings", it was actually some degenerate's gun that went off and unfortunately struck a student, and I believe that there is a difference. York's small community feel is both a blessing and a curse. Everything is within walking distance and the campus is easily accessible by foot wherever you're going... However at night is becomes fairly desolate in some areas and can get a little quiet, hence why these muggings and sexual assaults occur; they are crimes of opportunity. Thankfully York has many options in place to not leave you waking around the campus late at night by yourself. Do I feel safe? Absolutely. Taking a look at the statistics it is no more dangerous than U of T or Ryerson. I believe the media is also incredibly unfair to York, and make it out to be some dangerous ghetto where people are always watching their backs and whatever else. It's actually a really nice place to be, especially in the summer. And I can also assure you 90% of the student population does not give a flying shit about all the political bullshit that happens on campus (Middle Eastern conflicts, etc) and are just there to learn and enjoy university life.
Unfortunately that statement is applied to many, many things around here...
poor cock sucker*
It's an SLK but no an AMG model, nor is it the generation you're thinking of. This one is the 2004-2007, most likely with a turbo four cylinder...I doubt it's the V6
I prefer "shit hawk"..
Well son that's a mere $45 million NOT going into the pockets of the filthiest richest men and women of RBC, and that my friend is simply unacceptable! /s
No...looks like a regular C Class ..maybe with an AMG kit
I highly doubt there have even ever been manual transmission police cars anywhere in the US/Canada..
Sure, but it was probably the best textbook I've ever had.
I was recently on vacation in Rome, where the federal government assigned armed military personnel to patrol EVERY subway station, and every tourist attraction day and night each with what looked like AR-15 rifles. It did not make me feel safer at all, in fact it was incredibly unnerving and quite saddening as well. They're useless against explosions anyway..but I guess if it helps some people feel at ease why not..
I admit it was more so unnerving. Reality really hit you know? This is what life is under constant terrorist threat, and thankfully we don't really see that here do we? And lets face it, they're useless against bomb attacks.
I thought it was CN Rail?
I'd really love to see GO operate more European coaches, maybe some Setras or Van Hools, but it's highly unlikely I guess...but those buses are really comfortable
I can assure you that "checklist" is not crucially mandatory. Every first year has to do some form of advising with an advisor just to make sure they're on the right track... That being said, pick the major you want to go in, and enrol in the courses required in order to get your 30 credits. Essentially you just need to build up your GPA so they have an idea of your standing when you apply to switch. If there's a lock on your account preventing you from enrolling, just call them and explain your situation, and don't worry, they wouldn't force you to stay in something and take courses you don't want/need. You're gonna be fine! :) PS Keep your patience and be respectful/nice to whom ever you talk to in terms of switching. You hear many stories of people getting "York'd" but the admins deal with some huge asshats as well. Being courteous goes a long way.. Good luck
Assuming you're referencing a merging lane... If drivers used both lanes equally you would not have a "slow lane". It is called zipper merging, it's efficient and moves both lanes at fairly equal speed without causing monumental backups and frustrations. And not to mention it's still a lane of traffic until it ends its not as if they're overtaking on the shoulder..push "kindness" aside and follow the rules of the road, it's the fairest way. What I personally hate are those asshats who cross over from the far right lane onto the parallel on-ramp lane in heavy traffic to merge in front of everyone.
I look forward to the day when people will stop posting these fucking photos. This will ALWAYS happen, regardless of what you cry about, idiots will be idiots. Move along and get on with your day already.
Haha don't worry of course they will..
It's just a shit post. I hate these "jokes". In their close minded heads people believe just because *they* haven't personally encountered something that it automatically translates to "DAE REMEBER THIS??!?". Plenty of damn schools still use overheads, and even Smartboards and individual laptops/tablets were introduced over a decade ago, it's nothing "new" and "groundbreaking"... You're not old if you're in your 30s ffs All that's changed for me personally has been the introduction of more cloud based/paperless classes, were small quizzes are done online and assignments submitted electronically, and of course online textbooks...but who knows how far back this goes back too...
I've been there for 6 years, and I've only made friends with/ group members with good hard working students. Yeah a few were annoying but all in all the vast majority of the students there want to excel and work together, you're in it together so make it worthwhile. If you're a good hard working person you'll find that you'll attract the same crowd.
You laugh, but having that attitude is just as bad. A lot of laws and regulations passed in Canada and North America seem to only come about after tragedies and injuries occur, which is both incredibly unsettling and dangerous. We don't seem to plan and think to avoid said accidents before they occur, only afterwards, which by then we've already lost a life or two. Case in point, a few years ago a cyclist was trapped underneath the wheels of a truck because side skirts were never mandated on large trucks to prevent the very accident that took the soon-to-be mother's life. In many parts of the world, it is unthinkable to design such a large vehicle with such an obvious safety flaw. It made the news, Wynn made some half-assed promises, but nothing ever came from it. I guess sadly enough it'll take a few more serious accidents/deaths before we realize "oh wow maybe we should've thought about this a little better ffs". Another example was Lac Megantic, because of the ancient safety "technology" in use throughout the industry. We bitch and moan about wasting tax dollars on needless precautions but I guess to some the risk is worth it to some until it isn't anymore...sad isn't it
*No talking!!!*
FWIW those yellow lines in the road are mere suggestions, which I find incredibly stupid but still..only solid white lines are lines you cannot cross but nobody gives a flying F about those either.
I find in any major city the bus terminals attract..."interesting" characters..
Absolutely, but it's stupid in the sense that if you hadn't been there, he/she wouldn't be breaking any laws. In Ontario it only breaks the law when you dangerously overtake, which is often left to the discretion of any officer that may have witnessed you. I find it leaves way too many open ends, and instead they should either paint the lanes white or change the laws on yellow lanes.
Agree 100%, I visited a few coastal towns on the Amalfi Coast in Italy and now I see what "catch of the day" really should mean, as in alive in the morning and on your plate by mid-day. Fresh and simple, exactly how I love seafood but I understand if others have other tastes.
Yeah really, some regulations are so idiotic for no good reason, like give it a fucking rest already
Holy shit please no. They just voted to stay, they'd be incredibly stupid to leave, with their industry of what...asbestos?
*Boy just who do ya think you're talking to.*
Too many markings? I don't think so. You wouldn't need any signs. I'd hate to do anything like the US to be frank. I'm all for more symbol based signage FWIW. But anyway it could be: Double yellow= Do not pass Dotted yellow= Pass when safe to do so (I honestly have no idea what single yellow means lol) Or we could be like much of the rest of the world that uses white lines only. Have you ever noticed we have both yellow and white lines? Talk about confusion.
Just don't eat, that way to make sure you don't ingest *any* pesticides!
Between Finch and the 401 on the southbound lanes... I made a post a few weeks ago saying how incredibly dangerous that area is especially late at night while cars fly by at highway speeds as others sit still to enter the 401 lanes because of construction...I pray this wasn't the scenario, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was. Like too many incidents, laws and regulations only change in Ontario once lives are carelessly lost. May they rest in peace.
There's no way. 1% of the global population is about 70,000,000. A recent study stated that about half of Americans make less than 30k a year, and with the population of the US being ~320 million, you're already over the one percent of the global population making more than $30k, and that's the US alone. In any case I'm sure it's not a large number, but it's definitely larger than 1%.
I want to see more warning signs in the area. The highway lane dividers (that divide the respective exits to the 401 east/west and Black Creek) need to be brought MUCH further out into the ending lanes of the 400. I'd like to see large signs that state the highway is ending because in fact it is and people need to be slowing down. Speed reductions to 70-80 km/h posted with large signage, preferably illuminated as well. Rumble strips too. Solid white lines to defer lane changes as you're approaching said exits... I'm not saying implement ALL of these, but currently there is virtually no warning stating that traffic could suddenly stop dead. That corridor is beyond dangerous Example of illuminated speed signs (though I'd also like to see Canada adopt the UN international Convention on road signs though that's highly highly unlikely and not the point here :)) http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/85eb4af5f16a4e31bd8f5fdc1fca224f/illuminated-speed-limit-sign-against-clear-sky-fbmddx.jpg
I agree and disagree with your post. I'm sure the construction companies can only do so much to keep everything safe, but the MTO NEEDS to redesign that entire stretch....it's severely flawed as is. And yeah, people are stupid too.
I love that location. You don't have to worry about parking, and the lines are hardly 5 people long if that. It sucks (not for them i guess) if they're ever at Evergreen and they run out of ice cream at like 1 or something..
And most likely completely faded/deteriorated by now
"75k beamer"
The heater is used to regulate air temps quickly while still circulating air, I've never felt the heater running on its own in the summer. Seriously, people take many of the good things of the TTC for granted. Good thing we have air conditioned units, unlike Montreal, or ventilated, cool stations unlike Montreal or NYC. Or that our busses are clean and actually have AC. I went to Rome a while ago and had to endure an entire bus ride FULL of people (I'm talking sardines here) in 30 degree weather where the dipshit driver didn't want to turn on the AC because of his own comfort. It was beyond horrid. I'm surprised no one fucking fainted. Not to mention the BO. To this day I'm still happy temperatures are regulated by a separate system and not up to the driver. I still honestly have yet to ride a transit system I wholeheartedly like better than the TTC.
...what? First off your response needs a look over because it's pretty vague. Secondly I never stated we shouldn't complain or " discuss it". I was merely stating my own experiences with transit systems in major cities around the world, and that they each have fairly large downsides as well.
This really is a special place isn't it
I mean, how is one supposed to know if their home is at risk of exploding?
*And then there was Lac Megantic*
Oh yes you can, which is why you see it happening so much nowadays. The FAA currently does not keep track of where airlines send their planes, only that the work is supervised by an FAA certified mechanic, and then the entire plane is cleared by an FAA mechanic and airline inspectors. Because there are upwards of 700 repair hangers throughout the world and the FAA is severely underfunded, they simply don't have the ability to be able to supervise them all and ensure everything is done up to par. This leaves it all up to the airline who unfortunately as we all know does everything by the lowest bid. Such is life. But then again, a plane crash is in nobody's best interest at all. Source: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=113877784
Not enough "suka blyaaaaaaat!!!!"
My god what a spectacularly English response. Bravo
So then what? Guillotine? She's a colossal piece of shit I agree but adding years and years to someone's sentencing won't change anything. Imagine spending the time from 2010 up until now away locked away, it's still a long time. I'm not being sympathetic in the least bit but 7 years is a long time. It's still manslaughter, not murder.
Why are you so convinced she'll be out in four years? EDIT: Yes I'm an idiot, I do apologize. Sorry.
Not to be that guy but that's a double negative
Learn Fahrenheit? Why, exactly, when 99% of the world uses C?
It's "disgraceful"? Really man? It's the easiest and most common temperature scale to use, but sure, go ahead and make your complicated effort to use the most idiotic system ever because 'murica is so powerful. Or better yet, if you find it so disgraceful, go ahead and move there already. Canadians use Celsius, and that's that. There's a reason people don't use F. And you know who else is a superpower closely tied to Canada? China. Does that mean we all should speak Mandarin?
Stouffville and Bayview actually
I can't help but think there must be some process of elimination that can be used here to find the driver. You have a fairly specific model year and colour. Start by visiting any drivers who have had priors, especially driving drunk. See the condition of their vehicle. The Mercedes GL is common but it's no Civic or Corolla, especially considering it's an older model. It was also on the Gardiner. Maybe, just maybe the driver fled because they knew they were close enough to home to hide the car... I don't know but it seems better than appealing for the driver to turn themselves in.
A glorified shit hawk ...
I used to work in York Lanes and there was always some guy who brought his laptop into the bathroom stall, laid it down, did god knows what. Then would later see him walking around York Lanes laptop in clutch grabbing food and touching all the communal sauces and whatever else. People are fucking disgusting.
I can't help but notice the "Exit" signs. I swear we passed a law a while ago mandating that any new/existing Exit signs be changed to the green running man to be more on par with what's around the world. Why is the TTC an exception?
I hate those fucking people who think they can park wherever the hell they feel like. I see it all the time at the Chapters by Square One, here at Finch too.
Not to mention also a very good way to turn neighbourhoods into ghettos. Seriously, if these crap houses are built as poorly as some say they are, who could you possibly expect to live in a small bowling alley condo made for 2 paying next to nothing for rent because the building is so run down nobody will live there?
The interior is exactly the same..
Boeing...and freedom!
Okay, have any proof?
Well if you're right I'm disappointed...I really liked the new focus I thought it had good quality materials inside..knowing that they pulled a VW on us feels shitty
They "forbid" interior shots unfortunately
Didn't know his boss was Walter Jr.
Fuck that, yeah that's just treating your employees like complete shit. She should be ashamed.
Come on man, Jesus...
Article kind of got a little off track (harhar) towards the end there... York has been in operation over 50 years, I don't think lack of transportation access was ever a HUGE issue or denied anyone education. It's actually quite easy to get to from Mississauga, Richmond Hill, Brampton, hell even Barrie. If anything, the great economic disparities between the school and surrounding area should merit more discussion.
Oh give me a fucking break...
Yes, but what happens once the novelty wears off? I think it's much better for them at least to "tease" rather than go through all the trouble of setting up in a new country. We have plenty of good burger joints they'd have to put up with as well. The only thing that pisses me off is that people would line up this long for a fucking burger. A god damn hamburger..give me a break.
I thought you weren't allowed to do that at Yorkdale?
Shit hawk bringing in the shit winds Bubs...
I want Michael Bay to direct this
Well who shat in your Cheerios?
It would be nice if us North Americans also had trucks that were more technologically advanced and didn't look like they belonged in 1994.
FWIW this isn't specific to Toronto. In Bucharest, Romania, the exact same thing happened to a teenage girl, unfortunately costing her a foot..I remember seeing it, it's too graphic IMO but accidents happen..
I find smaller things are best to get from Pusateris and WF. Any form of Jams, spreads, cheeses, etc; are great.
Not cheapest for sure, so best.
That "peace" sign would fly very differently in the U.K. lol
They donate produce as well, just no meat products. The thing is, the guys that come around from their respective charities usually have a huge stick up their ass and are extremely picky about the food. Most of it is thrown out unfortunately.
I've seen this before, I went to Italy last summer and they had Wind Mobile as well...with the exact same logo. After doing some research I found out they weren't related in the least bit. I wonder if something happened as now Wind is Freedom Mobile (right?).
Eh, I don't know about the last part. TIFF gets pretty nuts and what celebrities do we really have who call Toronto their permanent home?
So you only heard the accident, you didn't actually see it right? Why is the taxi driver automatically at fault?
So what extremist religious/extreme right wing group was responsible for that accident? Your trolling isn't funny, it's not amusing, it isn't catchy. It's fucking stupid so take my advice and grow up.
What details? Someone is under arrest, an individual known for his right wing views and anti-feminist stance shot and killed 6 people in a mosque. It was a public shooting, what else is there to add to this I really don't understand your point... Your equating of this to that tragedy on the 400 last year is tasteless and baseless. That was an accident, nobody intended for it to occur but it did anyway because that's how life goes sometimes. The mosque shooting was a deliberate act by an individual to instil hatred in our communities and to divide the people. The lighting up of the sign represents the impact the entire city as part of the nation has taken. This was an attack on our freedom of expression, on our freedom to be proud of our diversity... something every Canadian has a right to. This is what the shooter ultimately attacked, and with the innocent lives that were unfortunately and senselessly taken, this is what we are grieving, and you can damn well expect the world's most diverse city to grieve.
At $7 too! :D
I'm going to keep this politically correct because I'm on the verge of a ban, but "individuals" like you are exactly why we have accidents to begin with, and why rubbernecking is a thing. Put the god damn phone down
I absolutely love the justification these idiots have for this. "Yeah bro the cops hate us and don't provide us with somewhere to race so what are supposed to do" Give me a fucking break. I've been nearly run off the 407 late at night by these assholes
Very beautiful, I wish initiatives like these were more common, and did more to incorporate more of the exterior features as much as the interior ones. A cobblestone driveway/road would've looked much nicer, but oh well..
Why is this even an issue? Are we trying so bad to be American that we forget what country we're situated in and trying to jump the anti Trump band wagon? Come on...
&gt;F U a-hole I type how I GD well want FTFY (If you're going to be insufferable at least be dedicated at it)
From a financial perspective? Probably not..
I have this insufferable ass of a neighbour who lives beside me in a house situated on a corner, so naturally his lawn is fairly large. Nearly every Saturday I can't have some peace and quiet because this ass clown tends to every blade of grass, every shrub, every flower with his array of obnoxiously loud, gas powered tools he must use. The trimmer, the leaf blower, the lawn mower, the saw, it drives me up the wall. He spends more time tending to his yard than actually enjoying it. I grow vegetables in my yard and that's god damn it.
This isn't the place for that. Final warning.
What a completely ridiculous thing to say.
You know, the original pricing wasn't all that ridiculous. I was in Heathrow recently and they have a similar train which was like £22 one way. Converting that to CAD that's about $40 one way... I'm guessing they can't add more trains during rush hour to prevent this from happening? Or have some trains run directly to Pearson without any stops? The Union-Pearson Express Express-for-real-now?
Yet again, changes only made in the wake of a preventable death. If only some actual foresight was used instead of this toxic penny pinching ideology that seems to plague too many things...
So what, the TPS actually made amends with the LGBTQ community over the past decades, and now all that progress should be thrown away because there's clearly still work to be done? I don't follow the logic. This makes BLM look extremely self centred. It should be up to the Pride community to support the TPS or not, not BLM. And I kindly remind you the actions of a few do not represent the many.
I'm sure they're not impervious to failure as you say, but many people do not realize that the "up" position of the arm is not in fact its natural position. The arms are held in place by magnets, and once the train passes over a certain length of rail, this connection is broken and it signals the arms to lower. In fact, I believe if any disturbance is felt, the arms lower. So even in the most catastrophic of failures, even when the emergency back up battery pack fails, gravity will ensure the arms fall so that even if the lights aren't flashing, the arms still block the path. The way I see it, stopping and starting from a standstill right before the tracks seems much more dangerous. I also really question the ability to hear/see a train without getting too close to the rails. It just doesn't make sense to me
I read perfectly well what you said, the police commits racist acts against minorities, pride shouldn't endorse this activity by allowing the TPS to participate at their parade and thus be seen as "progressive" and inclusive. What I don't understand is why this is okay. Nobody is saying the TPS is perfect, far from it, but to ban them from public events and further drive a divide between ALL members of the public and the police seems like a terrible idea. Yeah, the TPS needs work but treating them as a hate group doesn't solve anything. And please, pride didn't agree to shit. I'm sure you remember exactly how "civil" BLM was to get pride to sign a form that means jack shit to exclude the TPS from this year's event. Taking an even hostage until your demands are met isn't understanding and diplomatic, it's barbaric.
What a juvenile analogy. You're seeing things from a completely yes/no, black and white perspective. One child ''bully'' on a playground does not represent the entire Toronto police force. You're resorting to ''an eye-for-an-eye'', which as the saying goes, leaves everyone blind. Because of historically bad practices, apparently we as humans are incapable of progression. A better analogy would be this: women fought in the suffrage movement for years to gain the right to vote. Now that they've got it, should they then prohibit men from participating in the vote, because men were the source of their earlier oppression? Or, should they stick with the path of equality and progression that they've fought so hard to accomplish beforehand? Look, you can hold a stigma towards the TPS. You can dislike the entire police force for personal reasons all you want. What you cannot and should not do, however, is create a very public and open divide between the two.
Your post about the TPS fighting for carding is total bullshit. Stop spreading misinformation. It is entirely impossible that every officer to wear the uniform wholeheartedly accepted carding as a humane policy. When the case was brought to the human rights commission, there were officers who fought the opposite way, just like there were men to fight for women's right to vote.
How so?
&gt;Aren't We All Blind Until We Stop Closing Our Eyes FTFY
What the fuck is wrong with you? I don't care if you're trolling, fuck off. You realize if anyone knows your identity you could very well end up being kicked off campus
Hi there, welcome! I'm glad you found this subreddit and decided to post. I've had this for nearly a decade, in fact my "10 year anniversary" is this month. For me it was never weed induced, I had a really strange panic attack that snowballed into a bunch of crippling social anxiety issues that led to where I am today. So for me, stress is definitely a factor. I'm sorry I can't answer your question in regards to how much you can still smoke. I also find lack of sleep and artificial lighting a major trigger. When I'm at work and face a particularly difficult challenge, I sometimes literally feel like my brain is frying, even short circuiting if you may. I feel easily confused and unable to focus. This by far is the most infuriating Over the years, basically the only thing I've really tried to avoid is excessive caffeine. Not so much a regular coffee, but energy drinks and espressos definitely make me more prone to symptoms, and a generally poor diet as well. I try to exercise and eat well whenever I can
I didn't change anything around?
They weren't nice if they were full of people hurling insults at one another, were previously flagged by other users, or made absolutely no sense...that's all. I can assure you I'm not changing the subreddit
I was driving late at night on Yonge just north of Lawrence when some completely ignorant woman who was jay walking was motioning for me to stop so she could cross the road.. Like wtf
Works fine for me
This a very fair and reasonable response, so thank you
She was apparently visiting London for her first time accompanied by her fiancé who was there for business. I can't imagine what he's going through right now not to mention the entire family... No more than three weeks ago I was there taking pictures of Tower Bridge from London Bridge with my family, having a great time, something like this happening never passed through my mind at the time, but it deeply saddens and angers me at the same time that everything you loved can be ripped from your life in an instant.. May she, and all those killed in the attack rest in peace, and a speedy recovery to those injured Edit: I may have gotten some points about Christine incorrect, it seems she had actually moved to Europe to be with her fiancé, not visiting, sorry.
It is incredibly sad, yes I'm perplexed to accept that this is in fact the new norm. My trip to London with my family was part of a larger one to Paris and Nice. Before leaving, I had major doubts the night before my flight debating whether I should cancel the entire thing or not. I mean what the hell was I thinking, obviously these places weren't safe.. And what a fool I would've been. I had an incredible time, the memories formed in each city I will cherish forever. The atmosphere, the food, the amazing people, the architecture. What I saw didn't resemble locations victimized by terrorism, but on the contrary; they were bustling with life, and full of charm, happiness, and love. So I will say it's a shame to live in fear, to live with the ideology that terrorism is part of our lives and we have to accept it, to have your image of places around the world tarnished by unfortunate but rare events such as these..the world is too beautiful for that
I believe it's spelt *grocé*
Are you sure?
Yeah, this is overwhelmingly sad..what kind of kid acts like this...
Lol what a load of shit. Seriously where do people come up with ideas like this... It's more than likely just a rental.
I seriously don't understand the GTA sometimes. We have sections of road as wide as a highway, this grid system with roads that go on for kilometres and kilometres, we place the limit at 60 and gasp at the horror when people speed recklessly and that we have an issue with stunt driving and street racing. If some actual care was made in the development and design of cities instead of contracting mammoth subdivisions and a nice square road system around it, maybe just maybe this wouldn't be as much of an issue. Thankfully I believe this is slowly starting to change, but holy shit I hate our road systems at times..
I think there's a huge huge difference between us and the Russians in this regard. The Russians seem to have a complete and utter disregard for driving laws and park wherever they may please, sidewalks, curbs, you name it. In Toronto most are just completely clueless that they're even breaking any laws, and even so the worst I've seen is parking in a bike lane. We don't have any curb hoppers or crap like that...and like others have said, are we really all that confrontational?
It's funny, I don't ever remember hearing any excessive rattling from the older VIVA buses that are pushing 12 years old this year... You get what you pay for
God damn it for the last time it was paid by the provincial government
Don't forget good old Donald too
That sounds like a real cheap ass boss. I'm assuming he bought some accessories or other random crap that we both know has a ton of markup. Even if you couldn't officially price match I'm sure it was possible to find $25 to take off whatever else he had in the cart. I + my managers used to do it all the time. That being said, Apple products always had a very thin (or so we were told) profit margin so unless they wasted more money on geek squad, then there wasn't anything to do in terms of reducing the price..
The effects you feel off of Benadryl will eliminate as soon as it's out of our body. I took WAAY too much cough syrup once, I felt high as a kite, my heart was racing, and I had really..strange derealization. But I don't think it activated my dpdr, it just made me feel high which in turn felt like derealization. Don't worry about your anxiety coming back, this is only temporary and you'll be fine!
Going to work is honestly one of the best things that can help with this condition. Why? Because it's keeping you busy, it's stimulating your brain, it's putting you into a rhythm/routine where you feel like you're contributing, and that in turn shouldn't give you more reasons to be full of anxiety. At the very least, it'll get your thoughts off of it and make you focus on something else... So don't be scared, don't let it take over you life, push through, fight for what you want and you'll feel better and better
HahahahahahaahaIStillAmUnemployedHAHAGAAHAHA Fuck my life
Again, not really. This isn't a freight train, GO Trains are very short in comparison.
I'm glad he's okay, nothing too serious. I've always wondered, could he be charged with anything if found at fault? What about insurance premiums? I assume it works differently when it's your line of work..
You know, decades from now some poor soul in highschool will have to do some metaphorical bullshit essay on a movie, and he'll choose this one, and his teacher will give him shit for not elaborating on what the title meant, when even the director gave a lame ass excuse
Costello I find more of a big ol perverted bastard, but when Landa stares into your soul with that emotionless gaze it sent shivers down my spine
Holy shit yes
What about that Syd that little sociopath from Toy Story. I swear the scene in his room scared the shit out of me when I was little
Yeah, good point, I just remembered the scene where he interrogates Leo's character about him being a rat. But in IB, when he meets with Shoshana (sp) to discuss security at her venue, it was so up in the air. The "there was one last thing I wanted to ask you" and the ordering of the glass of milk. The tension in that scene was deafening. You know, I really never realized up until now how similar Costello and Landa are, both in character and objective
A mall seems really strange...Markville is what, 2 minutes down the road?
407?
Using the shoulder to overtake
Nah, I drive city streets plenty, there are assholes there too sure but I was astounded at how many people lane hopped so shamelessly like it was perfectly legal. I rarely see people using the right turn lane to speed ahead like that, that's ultra douchey
Haha I still remember how much criticism this thing got, not to mention how much shit I got from my PS2 fan boy friends to loved to tell me how crap the Xbox was and its stupid big controllers
A bit over the top..
Nah apparently you're full of shit
You can see this first hand in York Region. At one point, there were about 7 houses for sale in my neighbourhood. 3 sold, the rest got pulled off the market.
We still have plenty though. The only thing I can think of is the constant noise, and the continuous shadow it casts every time it passes in front of the sun.. But yeah, sadly too many narrow minded people in Canada
I also live in Southern Ontario. I think it is and it isn't. About...6-7/10 times a person in the left lane in front of me moves out of the way to let me pass I feel like it used to be a lot worse, but also many of the highways are already full of traffic that the left lane is busy as is.
With the aerodynamic principles of a brick, I can imagine this hog gets right around 8 MPG
There is also a certain Japanese dealership on Avenue Rd that charges a fairly hefty premium over other similar Japanese dealerships for the exact same work because of their location...I'm talking like $25-$30 more for an oil change. OP, I can see where the dealership is coming from, from a legal standpoint. But from a moral one they're a bunch of asses. At the very least they could've looked into the issue. But you still haven't answered this. Are the bulbs *missing* or does the brake light not come on? Did you inspect any of the bulbs?
Too bad you didn't get pulled over as well
He (assuming OP is cammer) was being an inconsiderate ass. I don't care about advocating against left lane camping anymore, the roads are so full of asshats it's worthless. And that cop pulling over the truck makes it even that much worse. Maybe he wouldn't have to swerve/speed if people were more mindful of others and cruised in the middle lane. But no, keep being selfish and completely ignorant of other drivers. Drive with your lights off, drive with your high beams on, overtake in the merging lane, don't signal, send a text, etc etc etc
Whatever you say man. The video tells a different story.
What do you suggest then?
I'm not being salty, I'm just tired of the driving culture here. You can continue doing whatever you please. As far as the law is concerned you're perfectly within its boundaries to sit there going 100 km/h. But I also never said the truck was in the right. You had plenty of room and time to move over. I counted nearly a full 20 seconds. Even after you passed the two cars you still didn't move over. The truck passed you on the right, you still didn't move over. If you keep using the argument "I was passing the cars" then you're sitting in the left lane for the entirety of the 404 because there will always be cars to pass. Be it at snails pace or whichever speed you choose. And I don't find that fair. I believe the left lane was intended to pass slower traffic, and then rejoin the right lanes in order to keep it empty and let others use it for passing without slowing anyone down (If they're speeding, that isn't your issue, leave them for the police). This is why you often see the electronic signs on the highway stating similar. And I find that fair. I don't get to interfere with anyone's travel nor they with mine, and I don't need to justify my comfortable speed because I'm uncomfortable with going faster. You state you were merely following the car in front but this is a moot point. You as an individual aren't the issue, you're just part of it. But no hard feelings, I just think if we were all a bit more respectable and considerate or even a little more aware, things would be nicer
You'll never have Targu Mures back you dirty bastards... (Did that do the trick?)
It's a little much, a simple Turkish flag, maybe some thrown out white asparagus, or a Coors Light would've been more sensible
Where ya going bud!
Is ordering online out of the question? But I agree..
*Peeaaace? NO PEACE*
The subways themselves also have a lot of security measures in place. Areas to call for help, security personnel, lots of light, etc. Just sit next to another group of people should you feel threatened
Damn, that's actually not a bad idea...
Duck tape you say?
Matebook? Come on ffs
Yeah because it's a crap system.
No trust me the UK really is far far worse at this. Even in driving, they use miles and mpg to measure fuel economy but purchase fuel by the litre?? That one really confused me
Don't bother. Typical French arrogance.
Now imagine how nice it would be if we could sensibly tear down the entire Gardiner... I really hope I see the day
...what? There's no international number for emergency
Eh it's not really the same thing.
Thank you, this is exactly how I meant it, wasn't trying to downplay issues at home (which isn't even the USA FWIW).
If that is a heritage building the city should be god damned ashamed
You're still wrong. Stop spreading this!
There is no "international" number for emergencies. However, dialing 911 or 112 *may* (and that's a very big "may") connect you to local emergency numbers, but that usually depends on your phone. Stating there's a universal number is misleading and potentially dangerous. It's always best to know the emergency number of the places you are visiting, why leave it up to chance? For example: Canada/US: 911 Australia: 000 UK: 999 Continental Europe: 112 Japan: 119 South Africa: Police, Fire, EMS all have separate numbers.
What I'm saying is it doesn't ALWAYS redirect to the local emergency number, and it's usually a much safer bet to know the local emergency number. If it truly was international, then every country would officially have it no? And stop being dramatic, I didn't attack your character so don't attack mine, I said you were incorrect, not that you're a liar.
...what's your point?
Lol get real
...please
&gt;Many doubted the vehicle would be able to manage curves or fit under footbridges in Beijing, and critics have asked how it will turn corners, whether it is strong enough to bear its own and passengers' weight and how long its battery would last. &gt;There was also confusion about whether the project had ever been approved by the local authorities and there was even suspicion it could be an investment scam. Wow. It seems like this was a terrible idea from the get go.
*Wanna touch my vinyl? ;)*
Around St. Clair?
This area of Toronto is bittersweet for me. I'm really happy it exists, but I'm sad knowing so much more of Toronto could've had that same character and charm those buildings in the background do. I know other parts of the city do, but they're usually just scattered around or in disrepair *Thats* the real history of the city, and we should preserve more of it
There are still plenty of kids who do this.
Why not? The rapid ways they're building are being built with the idea of one day becoming LRT lines.
I like your pettiness, but I think a little thought on your part would do you good. No one in their right mind would chose to save $3 and effectively triple their commute time to Union; so we're not really adding anyone to the subway, though sure some may be enticed to ride it. And for those who work somewhere else along the subway line, they probably already drive to Finch and subway. The R Hill line shares its tracks with a CN Rail line. This means no RER. No 15 minute trains. No all day service. Once you miss the last morning train, your only other way down is the TTC at Finch or a GO Bus that takes forever and even that isn't regular. So what will the subway do? It'll alleviate A LOT of traffic south of Steeles on that horrendous stretch (which is Toronto), and it'll provide a reliable and frequent service. I really don't know why everyone gets their panties in a bunch every time this is discussed because of "muh relief line!" It's not going to add thousands of commuters, like I said, the GO Train is much more convenient and much much faster. And yes, Toronto should want this/pay for this because of the traffic relief it'll give.
Because fucking enough already that's why
That's what they're doing now no? Bus lanes I mean
At this rate it'll be quite some time
Well, in this particular case I believe the extension to Highway 7 makes the most sense, and does not need to be extended any further. There are BRT lines in plan that will run from 7 up to Newmarket. I highly doubt you can successfully add those to any stretch south of Highway 7. By doing this, you've already eliminated all those VIVA buses and a lot of commuters heading down to Finch from York Region. Yes, I do believe the horrendous traffic around Yonge + Steeles is enough justification, as is the incentive to get more cars off the road. It's only going to get worse around there. Like I said, this is also in the best interest of Toronto. You're providing an alternate means of transport, not necessarily adding thousands extra to the subway. In other words, the commuters who usually ride the subway from Finch would still be on the subway, just earlier. I do believe the only reason this got the green light (is this still the case?) is because of the restrictions on the RER line from Richmond Hill. There are a lot of close minded people on here who believe those who live outside of Toronto shouldn't "benefit" from the TTC, but the reality is this is much more of a symbiotic relationship than anything else, and this relationship should be realized and made much more accessible to keep it going. Lastly, I saw you mentioned why this deserves more funding than the DRL. It doesn't, they deserve equal attention and both should get implemented sooner rather than later. For what's it's worth, it'll be decades until this Richmond Hill subway is completed if ever, so I think we're okay on the front of the DRL having priority.
And? Compared to $1.3 million in Toronto for something similar?
Well I mean what did you expect? Both of those are in the GTA (Ajax less so I guess) and all you save is getting a slightly larger house and more land for your dollar.
It's most likely the first vehicle of a certain model year, not necessarily the first vehicle of the model. Still interesting though.
This is interesting, I just finished renting a Ford Transit for a small project, and with that van's heightened seating position I was able to peer into everyone's cars every now and then. The amount of people on their phones is disturbingly high. I saw a lady checking directions with her phone in her lap, a guy In an F350 with a trailer with headphones in and texting, some idiot swerving out of his lane into mine during that freak storm recently, etc etc etc. Don't bother with 911, it's an epidemic. Steer clear and drive defensively.
a e s t h e t h I c c 👌👌👌
Yeah, it's an unfortunate time we live in with regards to large gatherings and what not. It's practically a given that a large event in a global city will carry with it an ISIS threat
IM IN YOUR FACE
Please for the love of Christ make this pedestrian friendly and not car dependant to get even the most basic essentials..
Think Bugatti Chiron
Cookie cutter neighbourhood, extend two lane road to four lanes, build gigantic Smart Centre plaza every five blocks only accessible by car and built entirely for a car, rinse lather and repeat. It's becoming depressing.
Fellow VW owner here, did you not get offered a fix? I've always wanted a TDI, but used they were always too expensive with too many kilometres, too bad they're now a thing of the past.
Exactly what I was thinking of when I wrote that comment lol
Yeah, why the hell do they need to add a line for the streetcar track too.. They need to colour the stupid tracks or add arrows designating where traffic needs to go. It’s not like anyone knows or pays attention to those island signs..
“So many” If this stupid shit still makes news then it’s still infrequent. With how many hundreds of thousands of cars pass by there every year, only a handful end up in the tunnel. People are idiots, pure and simple.
Okay come on..
No need to be an ass..to each their own..
Sorry, I meant more so the concrete inlays that lie within the tracks, not the actual rails themselves. But I realized that colouring them green for example may also confuse them with bike lanes..
No...it’s actually empty
Lots of smart asses don’t have time to wait for the train to cross.. Source: have some questionable family members...
Yeah, my brother and mom are like this. My brother because he’s anti-apple and deals in absolutes as in whatever’s written on the spec sheet so obviously they’re all overpriced because “hurr muh Microsoft!”, and my mom who thinks she needs 16 GB of ram and the latest i7 to browse Facebook.. And I’m the one who doesn’t get listened to when I tell her she’ll do fine with a MacBook..as in not the pro.
Holy fuck my sides
*exactly*
P O T U S
Come on, don’t be butthurt our salaries aren’t as great as theirs... They’re peace officers, they have the authority to arrest and detain and enforce the criminal code amongst other bylaws while on TTC property. I’d rather have them do that rather than have the same authority as mall cops and actually do jack shit.. So let’s not be ignorant and over dramatic. However, I will say if Metrolinx is becoming the governing body of all transit in the GTHA, we really should amalgamate and have one police force akin to the OPP for all transit. It would also help shake this “rent-a-cop” image the constables have. In Boston, it was actually the transit police who arrested Dzokhar Tsarnaev in that stand off..
I read this as sleep walking and became very confused..
Unfortunately many of the Country Styles around me suffer from a huge lack of both professionalism and franchise managers doing whatever the fuck they want. I went through a phase, I really liked both the coffee and Boston Creme, but no two locations are the same. Coffee was rarely available on demand, donuts virtually non existent towards day end, not like 11-12, like 6 PM, dirty restaurants, etc. Them and Second Cup are probably not going to be around in the near future, but I’m sure there will always be a damn Coffee Time.
Haha, have you seen the Sears Home store on the north side? Sitting in a desolate parking lot just withering there alone? That I’m curious about what they’ll do with.
It’ll be a Halloween costume store for sure
This brought back memories of a certain shock video oh god why..
I used my points on a Dyson vacuum and quite regret it. That English guy sells them well, but it’s nothing extraordinary. In fact mine has a really idiotic design flaw that involves picking out nearly all of the dust out of the bin because it won’t fall on it’s own into a bag when emptying.
No, he shifted in neutral and rolled back...
Well according to a few sources the iPhone is the phone most people use. Secondly I don’t think you can simply grab any Apple product off the shelf and buy it. I’m talking like big things, even in B.B. you have to talk to a salesperson.. Purchase it online and pickup in store. I too don’t like the crowds and over attentiveness at Apple, it gets annoying.
No, the dust/debris just sticks to itself in one giant glob and never ever comes out on its own, I always have to pick it out by hand, I don't really mind but I also feel I shouldn't have to with a $600 (or however much it was) upscale vacuum.
I drive a BMW and I don’t agree with tipping..where do I fit in?
I’m sure those kids are in their 30s by now..
Can someone recommend a place to get my donut fix that isn’t Tim’s? (I don’t like Gloryhole Donuts btw)
Would it kill you guys to use mL? Please?
*taps forehead*
I highly doubt the tow driver is being paid minimum wage..
Well, aren’t both terminals international? Terminal 1 is just Star Alliance/Air Canada, but both are equally important.
This is what happens when you cut corners and want everything done for the lowest dollar amount, you end up with shit like this, or that tow operator wasn’t paying attention, or a combination of both. This has been happening more and more often at Pearson. That Sunwing 737 may just be written off..
You didn’t understand OP , Toronto is much much larger than Vancouver, building a monorail or whatever it is is much easier than building a subway. Obviously it would be faster than it is here? With the monstrosity of the Gardiner id rather not have more shit in the sky.
*Does anything but the relief line benefit me? No, obviously any other transit project is stupid and a waste of money, even if the DRL is being built* r/toronto
Yeah, the bare donuts themselves were good, but it was just overkill with all the crap they put on them
Well I hope so, I was more concerned about the SunWing plane, what with it catching fire and what not. I didn’t know they were that new. Does SunWing operate the next generation of 737 yet? MAX or whatever it’s called?
And?
I know who she is, I don't understand the animosity towards her..
Those croissants were never really good, always had a funny aftertaste..
I really hate it when people say stuff like this. You think these kinds of issues are exclusive to Air Canada? This shit happens all the time, to countless airlines. I’ve flown Air Canada many many times and have never had an issue, so what does that say?
That’s only true for roadshows, the sample staff are Costco workers...
No, I’m sorry but that’s not correct. Managing a Costco is a massive operation, it’s a gigantic warehouse that operates almost 24h a day at its peak (shifts start as early as 3 AM). I worked there and hardly knew anyone outside of my department, just the front end had a combination of over 20 people working as cashiers, managers, supervisors, receipt checkers and whatever else. This excludes customer service/returns, the restaurant staff, admin, tire centre staff, etc. They’re able to pay their staff well and keep prices low simple because they’ make next to nothing on brand name things, and only generally make a profit on Kirkland products (something like 10%), membership fees, and a general no BS attitude to just about everything. Not to mention most of the merchandise is purchased directly from the manufacturer. It's in their (manufacturer's) interest to have product on Costco shelves.
Don’t be naive, yes they do. A simple google search will return results for people being bumped off of those airlines too.
I prefer it because I can avoid the humiliation of my card being declined without some cashier sympathizing with "Oh I'm sure it just didn't go through properly". Bitch please I'm broke. (I have nothing against cashiers FWIW, but I still hate the feeling)
That's a complete load of shit.
I think York should get an honourable mention, some of the most incredible looking structures I’ve seen...
I understand the amount of pain and suffering the family is going through about the deaths, however this is getting to be a bit much. I don’t know how many times I’ve heard the family was upset that the police/media suggested it was a murder/suicide. Yet nearly a month has passed and little to no progress has been made. If this were done by a hitman, surely something would’ve come up by now? Toxicology reports?I won’t even mention a break-in, that would’ve been obvious from day one.
Thanks for this, my last Samsung was a Galaxy S4, and I believed surely Samsung figured out by now how to make a better phone overall...I was itching to get another Samsung phone but it seems like they haven’t improved a bit. My S4 was embarrassingly bad for a then flagship phone.
It’s not expensive if you’re American. And even for us, it’s the biggest city in a first world country, what exactly are we expecting here?
Yeah, slow down and try to avoid them as best as possible. I too have noticed the horrid state of Toronto’s roads, I don’t think they’ve ever been this bad, maybe it’s confirmation bias, but I feel like practically all major arteries are just crumbling apart. This upcoming warm spell won’t help either.
I have to say I'm kind of on the fence about this...there IS a point to what he's saying but at the same time it's a good thing people are making a somewhat livable wage. I think the wage should've been increased, but not by THIS much. And to those saying "GOOD SCREW THE RICH", thats a load of nonsense, this isn't about the rich and poor, it is about the middle class. That extra money isn't going to magically appear from nowhere, and you don't expect the top tier execs to take a pay cut, so obviously they're going to hike prices, cut hours, cut out middlemen, lower middle-position salaries, etc. This will affect the middle class, how much is dependent on each person/situation I guess.
FYI your school doesn't speak for the whole.. That sounds like your teachers just didn't care. I remember tons of vocab lessons and pronunciation techniques, followed by yes more elaborate lessons in further years. I don't know why "franglais" was accepted, it wasn't where I went to school.. The main issue with my French education was simply that it didn't invoke enough dedication and interest from the students. French was never "cool", the videos and audiotapes were just cheesy and made the students laugh, yes including me. I think even in later years if they actually explained *why* being bilingual is a key asset, the history of the French language in Canada, and actually how extensive it is throughout the world, students would grow to appreciate it more. Every time I visit Quebec or go on vacation to France, a part of me regrets not extending my education in French and not becoming more proficient.
well said!
I don't know, I see that they're similar but you wouldn't call an artist who uses the same technique over and over again cookie cutter would you?
Yeah, I was a little disappointed when I read about him pulling funds from U of T and other organizations because the money wasn't being spent "correctly". At that point, you're not making a donation, you're making a personal investment. But what's done is done, I don't want to speak ill of the dead.
Okay, but let's be fair. Not agreeing/liking his work is fine, and 100% acceptable. But taking away his professional title and demeaning him because you don't necessarily like his work isn't fair. He has a lot of respect around the world and like it or not theres no other building like it in Toronto. At the very least, it adds some character among the sea of glass condos in the city..
I'm not sure about cash (generally fast food places are okay) but bring your CC too. You can always withdraw Canadian money from any bank as well.
What a fucking animal...actual piece of shit
Cars are also becoming more frequently equipped with mitigation systems that reduce pedestrian collisions... But I do agree with how the car is king. I don’t think people realize the implications of this, even a psychological one. Whatever happened to boulevards, large walkways where it was actually pleasant to take a stroll? Sure, I don’t live in Toronto but I don’t think living in the suburbs mandates you to be a victim of poor urban planning and a complete lack of consideration of any other mode of transportation that isn’t a car. I have sidewalks here but it’s borderline just depressing trying to go for a walk and ending up absolutely nowhere...
Don’t deal in absolutes...I don’t think we even need to start the discussion as to why that’s a bad idea...
I can hear Doug Ford saying this ...
Are they going to call community areas and communes the G-Spot?
Considering the downvotes I received it doesn’t seem to be a popular opinion lol
I’ve given up all hope on the skill of Toronto’s drivers. From those who text, don’t signal, hell don’t even turn on their lights to the scum of the earth running insurance scams it’s a catastrophe out there.. Change how we build roads, make pedestrians have the right of way WITHOUT EXCEPTION, make more pedestrian crossings, come on..
This is pathetic..
Well, he didn’t donate it somewhere else. If I’m donating to a charity, I’m doing so in good faith that it will be used in a general good sense to provide change for the better for a cause.. Donating does not entitle me to dictate how the charity is run and what exactly is done with my money....imagine how frustrating it would be if everyone got to dictate that, it would be a mess. I entrust the charity will know best how to spend the money.If a charity is so mismanaged that the money is spent poorly; that’s a totally different issue... I mean, maybe it does entitle you, but that doesn’t feel sincere anymore...like I said it just feels like an investment. That financial aid is supposed to help those who need it most, but if you’re using donations as a political tool and pull your funding because you don’t like how things are run on Parliament Hill, that will never occur. See that $100M anonymous donation to CAMH? That’s a genuine “for-the-cause” donation. No bragging rights, no naming a wing after the donor; just much needed money able to help the city’s most distressed.
I never really used it to find specific music, just kinda to browse and aimlessly listen to something..
I miss those days... No, I’m not complaining that Apple isn’t Steve Jobs’ Apple or something like that, but just how magical and incredible something as rudimentary as touching album art, pinch to zoom, and scrolling was back then..
What? No no no I mean whenever there is a crossing, the pedestrian should have right of way. In most cases they do but sometimes you see an “pedestrians wait for gap” sign or similar. I think that just adds confusion unnecessarily
Haha, I remember being in Paris and riding in one of these as a city tour. It was a lot of fun, very “interesting” ride but when you realize the doors are about 4” thick and pillars are non-existent, it was a little relief to get out of it lol
Nothing like a mid-life crisis by buying a poor mans M5, made with parts bin window switches and levers that came straight out of a Dodge Caravan, only to come to the realization that in 10 years it’ll be worth ~$11k (if you’re lucky) and will ultimately end up in some ghetto of Miami with 30” leased rims.
Yeah. He knew exactly how to play you for that tuna /s In all seriousness, good on you. My silly furry friend has escaped a few times and thanks to the kindness of my neighbours she’s never been in too much trouble.
Eh, it’s more like renting, and yeah it’s a thing, especially in the ghetto
Oh yeah, nothing in Wal-Mart is made in China with questionable moral standards.
No you can’t. Did I say I have the moral high ground? Of course I buy things made in China, that was the point, why single out Apple when every retailer does the same?
Don’t worry about it, I think by today’s standards racist gets thrown around much too liberally
Fuck that kid
Take that tin foil off your head man... What does this comment have to do with anything anyway?
I have a friend that lives in an area with duplexes and low-rise condos. For the same amount of space to fit two, maybe three duplexes, an entire condominium (4 story) has been constructed with underground parking and plenty of units. It’s a very lovely building, it never seemed out of place or an eye sore or whatever, and not to mention it’s just a more efficient use of space. My brother lives in a “triplex” (?) and while it is private and whatever else, it offers nowhere near the convenience and accessibility my friends condo does. Parking is a hassle, moving large furniture is as well, and not to mention no storage area. I think it’s just a question of supply and demand.
I mean, yeah it’s an hour from the border at Niagara but it doesn’t quite attract the “demographic” of towns/cities within a reasonable driving distance. I feel like Americans who want to visit Toronto REALLY want to visit Toronto or have family/friends here, usually on a trip people visit multiple cities, and with 6 hours between here and Montreal...I don’t know if it’s worth it for them.
Overrated? I’ve kind of come to know what to expect when visiting any Canadian city, they all have some similarities and familiarities anyway, so I can’t really say I’ve ever felt a city be overrated. In terms of urban planning, I visited Quebec City recently and was kind of disappointed at the vicinity of a complete eyesore of an industrial area so close to the old town. When you stay at the Château Frontenac and pay a premium for a river view, the last thing you’d like to see is smoke stacks and warehouses. They do have a really nice airport though.
So what the hell is the point? You really think some bi-articulated monster of a bus will really be nimble and zip its way around parked cars and whatever else? Come on, this is just anti-streetcar nonsense that is also repeated “ad nauseam”.
This was 100% the fault of the completely incompetent Hyundai driver. As per TPS the car was found without a driver and in gear, as in Drive, not park or neutral. Completely unacceptable and beyond infuriating. How fucking careless could you possibly be? Condolences to the family, what a horrible tragedy.
Interview with police on CP24
Well according to police it wasn’t.
But that’s different, TPS would’ve said they found it in Park, they said it was found in gear.
https://www.cp24.com/mobile/ The video corresponding to the story had Cam Woolley stating that the gear was engaged. Now, he did say it wasn’t determined if it was either mechanical or driver error, just that it was in gear. I wish I could find the video I saw on CP24 last night, I distinctly remember the officer in that interview saying the car was found in gear. And okay, we shouldn’t speculate, my original comment was a little emotionally charged but I highly doubt this was mechanical error, it’s a newer model Hyundai...having something as rudimentary but vital as a gear lock fail is unheard of nowadays.
Well, the alerts DID happen, there was just never an actual inbound missile. Someone just terribly messed up, no lies there.
What? Come on, theres a huge difference between being incorrect and lying.
Is this real life? Tell me you’re joking, please.
Holy shit really? That’s awesome
Dingleberries, they’re called dingleberries
Not that I take public transit too often in my part of the woods, but I was on the VIVA once and these two high school wannabe thugs kept dropping the n-bomb until some older “gives-zero-fucks” guy told them to shut the fuck up already with their garbage. I’m happy they got off soon after. Another was again some young dweeb who thought everyone wanted to hear his shitty freestyle rap, but thankfully the driver saved us all from further atrocity..
Look, Toronto is a financial hub, a lot of what happens in this city revolves around the markets and the hours in which they operate. You can’t just start having people come in anywhere from 7-10 AM. Not to mention restaurants and all other supplementary business operate to benefit this sector. There are meetings, there are conference calls, amongst a multitude of other coordinations. It is what it is, it’s what happens in a global economically linked city. Then you have school, those with kids take them to school usually, and then go into work. Some can’t leave their kids home alone until 8 PM. There are still plenty of jobs operating in shifts, not everyone works a strict 9-5. I have friends who are project managers and usually get into work at 9:30 or so, or even work from home. So the logical part of your plan is already in the works. But “having a meeting” with Toronto’s employers and the TTC to change their hours around is just..come on that’s laughable.
Does this really need to be said?
Thank you uncle.
I can’t drink half of those 0,5L bottles..if it’s not the bubbles then it’s the thought of how much sugar I just drank..
I just hope one day we can come up with an alternative to salting the roads. It completely destroys not only our cars, clothes and roads, but tends to wreak havoc on the environment as well.
Yeah stevia I thinking is?
Yes! I can finally do stuff!
Instead of a subway that will take over 10 years to build, the whole idea of VIVA should’ve been ACTUAL rapid transit to the subway. It should’ve been a dedicated ROW line like the Eglinton CT from Highway 7 to Finch from the beginning with buses feeding a hub a Highway 7.
I just find it so infuriating and unfair that the police is being lambasted and ridiculed because of a basic failure to understand how these investigations are conducted. You've all grown accustomed to seeing crimes solved on movies and Netflix shows and whatever else and expect it to completely transfer into reality. No one is forced to talk to the police if they don't want to, obviously people who have no evidence tying them to a crime. No property can be searched without a warrant, hence why they had to tie the blood found in the suspect's trunk to a warrant in order to search his apartment. It's never, ever that simple. These cases weren't ignored. Project Prism and Project Houston. A dedicated team of investigators tasked with solving the multiple cases of missing persons in the village. But how are you supposed to solve a case with no physical evidence? There were (and still aren't) any bodies. They conducted hundreds of interviews and investigated the same areas over and over again. Some individuals disappeared at a time where casual online dating via smartphones wasn't even a thing. Just a few witness accounts or camera footage of the missing leaving a bar with another person. I'm sure the suspect didn't have a profile for this exact reason..There have been police reports that the only thing tying the cases together was a bar in the Village..but without anyone coming forward how are they supposed to solve anything? Those of you suggesting that the TPS had a "well maybe we'll look into it" attitude are completely detached from reality.... Seriously, why don't we just cut this crap out already and let them do their jobs? Whats with this armchair expert mentality? Is this just personal victimization? Attention seeking? Is this just another byproduct of BLM? The guy was arrested, it's done.
Wow good one
&gt;for other non-emergency issues it is best to call the non-emergency general TPS phone line: 416-808-2222 as there is no dispatching from police divisions. This was taken from the city of Toronto webpage. As for the tapes, you really think the police just strolls in and grabs TTC security tapes? They must be requested, and there is a process. You didn't specify if the police actually viewed the tapes, they could've still viewed them and have come up with no leads. If anything they might've seen where he got off the subway. And then what? if he were to get back on the TTC how would the police know what tapes to request? People go missing, I'm sorry your neighbour went missing but the fact is that it happens and not everyone can be located. What about that father who went missing in Algonquin park? Are we all ticked with the OPP and YRP for not solving that one either?
Yeah, I don’t think so. Many of the side streets also have paid parking and come on, “anytime except weekdays during the day”? That’s like 80% of when people park. You’re paying for convenience, there isn’t anything wrong with that. Also, parking enforcement isn’t 24h, so on weekends and outside of some hours you can park for free.
...please
How do you figure that?
I’m passing mine on to my grandkids...what a present that would be, imagine the wait in 83 years..
Holy hell get over yourself. Seriously I used to be pissed at people complaining non-stop about tax dollars, but honestly now I just pity them. How sad and full of hate must your life be that you get so riled up over every tax dollar spent not according to your own agenda... Are we not allowed to have fun anymore? To carry traditions? Must everything be so damn down to every cent and not a penny over or else it’s a severe injustice to every citizen?
Not really, maybe the new lines, but the older lines are usually in mixed traffic. One thing I’ve never seen is this mid-traffic boarding...all tram stops in Europe have at the very least a small curb area to board the tram directly..I really don’t know why the TTC never implemented this, especially in the earlier years. In some cities you’re not allowed to drive on the tracks, even if the tracks run on the street. On the other hand, there are also no advance green left turns, I believe the team has right of way, so you need to shoulder check when making a left as to not cut off the tram.
Is complaining about everything a Toronto thing now or?
You're creating the perfect opportunity for a crush, a bottleneck if you want. During rush hour a large mass of people have to move from the ends of the subway towards the middle in order to get off, they'll get pushed from behind, in the meantime the doors will close because they can't move as quickly as they thought, and then you have a potentially very dangerous situation. If theres a scare, or the train must be evacuated at the station you'll have a stampede of people rushing the exits, which are now more limited than before because the train isn't completely sitting in the station, and more people will get crushed. You can't expect people to rush out on the tracks.
Yeah, I always do a double take when I see a Mexican plate, especially when it's on a car that isn't even sold in the US/Canada. I also remember when I visited Mexico in 2006 and saw a Ontario plate car, that was strange.
There aren't any rules... If you really want to get technical, the next sequential summer is still in 2018, let's not be overly "judgy" about this...
Wow you clearly have an understanding of how detectives work..great job. You have no idea how the law works; you can’t just detain people and search them. You need warrants, the best they could’ve done was to question him and moved on. How do you know he was the only person with priors on Skanda’s fb list? **There still isn’t a body..** what would they have prevented here exactly? What would they have charged him with? And interviewing every person on his fb list? What’s the threshold for the interviews? How “violent” of a crime must someone on his list committed in order to be questioned by the TPS? Then I’m sure the headline would’ve read “TPS harasses members of gay community for missing man”. I’m sorry but the only embarrassment here is people commenting who clearly have no idea what they’re talking about in terms of the law and police functions.
Really? He really sought out to kill her? I don’t think so. He fucked up royally absolutely, but he’s not some murderer here...
You don’t think jaywalking endangers others’ lives? If I see someone at night in dark clothing in the rain at the very last moment jay walking and swerve to avoid them, hitting a parked car or a pole, does that not endanger my life as well?
More like r/cringe Come on, what’s next the employees all gathered around and applauded him as he triumphantly exited the bathroom where the manager promptly handed him a crisp $100 bill? These grotesquely “I shat myself” stories aren’t funny and just seem to try and out disgust one another with details on how much of a stank they produced. The only time I’ve done something like this was at another Wal-Mart after I had some deep fried concoction at Red Lobster. I could barely hold it in and yeah I did unleash some fiery hell into the toilet, but no manager came in and put the fan on high, no one came in gagging and whatever ridiculous crap..
Hahahaha idiots
No you’re right keep criticizing the police for not doing what you wanted them to and mention how much of an embarrassment they are to the city.
That opening scene was straight out of Fast Five (or whichever, they had almost the exact same scenes).
VIVA/YRT has had this since 2005. I mean, I don’t think I’ve ever been able to take advantage of it, but in Toronto it would definitely be better.
You sound like someone who’s had a rough childhood, I’m not even kidding...
Apples at a 10 right now and I’m not talking about the X
MMMOOOOMMMMYYYYYY!!!
“I’ll fucking shoot you” I feel like this is what they should’ve gone for instead
What is it your period or something?
But at the same time it’s almost disappointing knowing we can be a lot better in a variety of sectors, but fall into this US influence far too often...
Contagion started because Gwyneth Paltrow is a filthy pork loving whore.
I guess, but there are definitely some places that are so tiny inside that they might as well be street food.. I’d take our sausage stands any day over the crap in NYC. Sure they serve burgers and shawarma but wow are they ever bad
Whoa, nicely done! How’d you get the update?
What a monstrosity of a building behind him though, yeesh
Why can’t they just offer prizes like food items or free movies? This tournament thing seems excessive... I mean the “grand prize” now is 50 scene points, or maybe 100, but in any case it’s practically nothing.
The man drove a Chrysler Sebring, he understood the meaning of money
...didn’t Tide run an ad on keeping them locked and away? In a lockable container? I really don’t think they did anything wrong here, these are full grown morons eating them, not infants.
I wanna eat your ass..
Unfortunately it may speak to a larger problem. I think many of these assaults go unreported, he probably started off with comments here and there and tried to push his luck..
So that's your logic? "How can they possibly afford it.."? Come on..
What? That was a terrible point!
Oh yes the Montreal metro, who up until recently were using cars from the late 60s and 70s, and even the new ones still don't have A/C!!
&gt;moderator of r/fordnation I really hope not
Because your estimate wasn’t an estimate, you clearly meant it as a actual figure, only to state that you kind of pulled it out of your ass. An estimate is built on actual data, not just an assumption. They’re commuters, it’s not out of this world to invest money into something that can keep you very warm and is built to last.
He completely made up that figure based on nothing that’s why...he just assumed 1/4 people taking the subway couldn’t afford genuine Canada goose jackets.
Don't be so naive...
You really think they're neglecting maintenance here? Those trains are like 7 years old tops..they're not going to need major overhauls and what not, they're doing fine. These aren't the 35 year old streetcars the TTC is struggling to keep on the roads because of the old age, if they can keep those running then these rockets shouldn't be an issue. Honestly, I feel like we all think the simple solution is to give more money to the TTC. You really think no person in council or running for mayor wouldn't want to use this as political leverage? Who the hell actually wants to deal with delays upon delays and all this crap? Everyone would vote for the political party that would vow to "fix" the TTC and and all delays and horrible crowding and whatever else. However, the simple answer is that there is no simple answer. The TTC is just horribly mismanaged, and they play people like you to believe they need more money. Look at their salaries, all those issues Brad Ross mentioned had *nothing* to do with money, just complete piss poor management. THATS the issue.
Oh..oh but I thought this was a major fuck-up by the TPS and they should be ashamed of themselves and are an embarrassment to the city!!1! /s
Theres a little too much anti\-used German luxury car going on in this sub. The reality is you CAN own an older German luxobarge and still not go broke. If you're comfortable with it and know what you're getting into, great. If you have some $$$ left over for some third party warranty, even better. I'll admit I've always wanted to do this but I just didn't have the supplementary budget, and around here it's nearly impossible to find an affordable one with so few kilometres. And to everyone suggesting the LS like it's some reliability god send. There are plenty of examples that have incredibly poor suspension reliability, that can cost upwards of $3000\-$4000 to replace. It's not all rainbows and butterflies owning a Lexus as well. Not every single used V8 powered German car is a ticking time bomb. The example you found is super clean too, but I'd at least suggest some warranty, just in case.
"Hard" drugs are still very much illegal in the Netherlands. Additionally, they offer much more support and funding for drug addiction and test centres. You can't just take one policy and expect it to work everywhere. We have a terrible homeless issue in Toronto. You have to tackle the root cause of it, and then work from there, and that doesn't necessarily mean throwing money at mental illness support and miraculously expecting the problem to disappear.
Yeah. Whenever I’m in a public washroom I like to make note of whether or not people actually wash their hands... They don’t (or pathetically run their fingers under the tap for a whole 3 seconds).
Hah, I didn’t quite think of it like that, but I never knew that rip was intentional when I was a kid, I always assumed my dad had a *really* old card.
Wow great comment, you really showed him!
ITT: Bylaw enforcement experts who understand how it all works based on 1-2 experiences.
It’s 15 min. peak time and I think they’re pretty good at keeping that schedule.
It wasn’t just about “affording” a green car, it was about encouraging the sale of them, making a market, etc. Even if you’re able to afford something like a Tesla Model S or some plug in BMW, why shouldn’t you be entitled to the same incentives?
The Volt is actually a plug-in hybrid. It’s probably the best way to go about EV ownership with today’s infrastructure. It has an actual engine on top of the batteries, so range anxiety is practically nil. The Leaf is a full EV. The second generation is better but the first had some fairly concerning cutbacks like a lack of thermal regulation, which made the battery quite susceptible to losing range in extreme cold/heat.
We need to eliminate right on reds at some intersections, and stop allowing left turns at major intersections at the same time that pedestrians are crossing.
No, more speculation is just what we need.
The e-Golf is probably the most practical and “car like” in the segment, and beats the Focus Electric in terms of range with 200 km of range. I personally really like it since it’s built off of an already great car, interior is nice, everything is high tech and feels high quality. I’ve also heard it handles well because of the platform it’s built off of. But I mean, I’d only own one if I only drove in the city. I’m still not comfortable enough owning a pure EV, I’d find something like a plug-in hybrid to be more “safe”, but that’s just me.
Yeah, fair enough, that’s a good point I forgot to mention. You’ll still benefit from all that torque regardless of charge.
Yeah that Christian Louboutin store has money laundering written all over it.
Okay there blue eyed blonde guy
You’d think this is in the immediate vicinity of the airport, but no this guy is east of Dufferin FFS. I mean why not move the entire airport!
She was just...killed in her home? Not targeted nothing? What the fuck...
Well, displacement isn't everything.. Believe it or not, this engine is actually an "upgrade"...
A whole litre? Wow! Slow down there chief! You don't want to overtake that lawn mower too quickly!
Geo Metro
Oh yeah, an 11 year paid vacation that will probably end up with this guy being killed once he’s not a police officer anymore, or unemployable for the rest of his life. Doesn’t sound much like a vacation to me, either way you slice it this guys life is pretty much done.
Special Constables aren’t Ticket Inspectors.
What a complete load of crap lol
Not asking you to shed anything, but I wouldn’t ever want to be in his position, salary and all. I don’t have a shred of empathy for him either. It’s no vacation, at least to level headed people.
They believe they're part of a forensic investigation and "nothing can be touched!!". I understand you may be in shock from the accident but for crying out loud there are SO many signs saying to clear minor collisions off the road and whatever else.
r/gatekeeping
You guys are actually insane. Why? Just why? We have a handful of Krispy Kreme shops here in Canada. My closest one is a good hour drive away, but I still make the trek occasionally to get my fill. In comparison with Tim Horton's, these donuts are immensely sweeter and much, much heavier. I can't have more than 2 in a sitting..The classic is my favourite, and even it is probably the sweetest dessert I've ever had. To add this Nutella ripoff crap \(more sugar\) to it just seems like you're deliberately looking to cause yourself serious health issues..
There are few maintenance items cheaper than replacing spark plugs on a car...
Volvos generally don't have the best resale value. That being said, the one you're being offered is an absolute steal. I'd go for it, AND it's a wagon?? I'd ask your friend if he really wants to let it go for so cheap... Additionally, this is definitely not a "new" model. That engine is fairly old \(as in tried and true\), The V60 is just the wagon form of the S60 so nothing really new, Volvo is pretty much the king of wagons, not that the shape of it really matters. If this were a newer Volvo \(2016\+\), then I'd understand the apprehension because of all the new smaller displacement turbo engines. But I don't see anything to worry about, especially since its had maintenance done and still comes with a warranty. I had an XC90 for about 6 years and did well over 100k on it, really didn't want to get rid of it, but I couldn't justify the size of it anymore. Supremely comfortable cars.
I only noticed you were from the Philippines after I made my comment lol, my apologies. You guys have some of the most amazing foods and desserts I've ever had, I wouldn't even bother eating at Dunkin Donuts!
I'd probably go with a Accord and call it a day. I don't think Kia/Hyundai are quite there with long\-term reliability and build quality. I've been in some fairly new examples and was quite let down at how poorly they were holding up. The Accord is large, fairly sporty \(V6\), comfortable and practical. Also, at the end of the day, you want a car that's refined and comfortable, otherwise it'll start getting annoying and you'll grow tired of it. If it can still be comfortable, I'd say you'll be happy long term with it.
I'm upset with the way driving is taught here more than anything, it's has to be taught with a sense of respect and responsibility, not some quick test you glance over and rush to finish so that you can go on driving. Like I said, those symbols are universal, they really should be taught in driver's ed as well.
Can’t they track who is using what without having their own fuel stations? I mean what’s the point? YRP and OPP fill up at local stations.
In York Region the police sometimes ride the buses in order to nab texters.
I'm going to mirror most other comments and recommend you get a decent honest mechanic to check it out and diagnose it for you. However, if you don't have supplemental equipment, **don't** attempt to remove wheels and diagnose it yourself. That scissor lift that comes with the car is meant for only quick tire changes when you have a flat, not to safely raise a car to work under. I understand you want to save money, but the very real risk of serious injury isn't worth it. To diagnose safely, you'd need a jack, jack stands, a torque wrench (in order to fit the lug nuts back correctly) and some other stuff. That being said, that estimate (especially upwards of $700!!) is absolutely atrociously high. You drive a Rio, not a BMW 5 Series. Seriously, even a full brake job shouldn't run you more than $400. And I also don't see wheel bearings failing on such a new car. I'd start with the brakes, wheel bearings tend to vibrate and make a dull loud noise more than a squeal. Any decent mechanic will probably charge you around $50 for diagnosis, and then you can go from there. The added benefit is that you may also choose parts you can install from different manufacturers and different price points to subsequently save some money, but be warned you do get what you pay for. Good luck!
Haha! Jokes on you criminal scum mine expired three weeks ago! In all seriousness this is completely idiotic even from a business point of view. You’re supposed to attach the smaller portion to your ownership, and it’ll correspond with the sticker on your car. I’m sure if you get pulled over and the constable puts two and two together you’re in serious shit.
No, it’s the airbag light.
That light would be in the speedometer cluster, not in the tachometer like this light.
It’s the airbag light
That’s no Mk5, it’s an Mk4 Jetta or Golf.
That seems accurate but so embarrassing and kind of cringy at the same time. I mean what rock would you have to be living under to be convinced that the Fords are just “good ol’ working folks” and not some millionaires (nothing wrong with that) involved in some VERY shady things and an equally disturbing past? This is what I hate most about the Fords. This American style political campaign they’re slinging. All of them are so incredibly fake but they’ve convinced millions that they’re good honest people.
Your person wasn’t doing it correctly then. It should’ve been fed directly from that black holder binder thing into the machine to prevent seeing the mark. At least that’s how it was done in my area.
The fuck? Shady? No no, VERY illegal. Report that immediately!
*FEERRRRDA PEEEEPOL*
He was an idiot but he was also shady as shit. The entire family is. Rob was dangerous, he was involved with dangerous people and played dangerous games. I’d agree he was more likeable.
Dude stop come on..
&gt; HURR DURR LIBTARD CUCKS I don’t know why that made me laugh so much
Okay, we didn’t elect Muammar Gaddafi here. This is Ontario politics. Everything is going to be relatively the same and uneventful, and in four years we get to vote again.
OP, I admit I was about to call you out for a complete crap video. I thought you were criticizing the BMW driver, but only then I noticed the idiot in the truck completely decimating the side mirror of the pick\-up. I hope you left a note.
Haven’t you seen this place the past 6 months? An endless police bashing circle jerk by armchair experts who pathetically believe they hold crucial forensic and investigative skills because of their endless binging of CSI: Miami.
SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!1!!1
It helps not having a winter where everything would rust to shit as well. And I wouldn’t necessarily call them restored, more like barely hanging on with whatever home made parts they’re made of
“Mazdaya”
This dipshit again? What the fuck is the matter with these morons honestly? I don’t know what’s more pathetic, these two sad sacks of shit or their diehard “fans” who actually think these delinquents have any sort of talent and actively defend them.
Please don't purchase Chinese buses...
I'm sure they'd be able to park better if they didn't have to needlessly drive behemoths of sedans. I'm not a huge fan of the Smart but I don't see why Toronto can't maintain a fleet of electric examples to enforce parking..or electric anything.
Agreed! It would also be a complete slap in the face to Canadian manufacturing if the TTC chooses an American manufacturer, especially in times like these.
Okay, as a former Nissan owner there are quite a few misconceptions about Nissan and their transmissions. Theres nothing wrong with them. The earliest cars sold in 2004 with a CVT had issues, but by 2012 the issues were long resolved, theres nothing to worry about, especially since they've upped their warranty. Just because it's not a state of the art dual clutch sport transmission doesn't mean it's a bad transmission. Sure, it isn't "fun", but it's practical and it'll save you money. I had a Nissan Rogue for nearly 100k km and I had zero issues with it. I only traded it because I was kind of bored, but I had no issues with the car. They're not particularly exciting, but they're practical enough and reliable. I don't get the strong hate for CVT. Id take it over some crappy 4\-speed gearbox that will drive you insane as it constantly tries to shift into the proper gear as you're trying to get up to highway speed. A CVT will find you the best power band and sit there to return a good blend of performance and fuel economy. And manufacturers adding CVTs to their cars and 10 speed transmissions is a sign that the CVT is a good way to go. Finally, I would go for the hatchback as opposed to the sedan, I think it's more robust and it has a better engine.
I'd argue that maintenance history is far more important than mileage, but obviously theres a limit to this statement. I'd look into some older Volvo wagons if you can swing your budget. I haven't sat in a more comfortable car that's still affordable. They have \*excellent\* factory rust proofing and an XC model would give you some decent ground clearance. I've driven some Subarus and I always thought they were a bit unrefined and sluggish. Start with maybe an XC70, V70, something like that, not to mention these are all AWD!
First off, great choices, I'm a huge fan of both. That being said, I think I'd lean towards the Q7. I've heard that the XC90 has some teething issues in regards to infotainment and even the powertrain, and just electrical gremlins overall. Then theres the fact that Volvos still depreciate like a rock even after a year. The Q7 has been around for quite a while now in its current model, the 2.0 TFSI is tried and true and while I'd personally go for the 6 cylinder that 2.0 actually puts down impressive numbers and is more than enough for everyday driving. But ultimately they're both great. I love the looks of the XC90 and I know it's supremely comfortable, but theres just something about Audis that do it for me. Good luck!
Nissan has extended the warranty on the CVT transmission for 10 years and 120,000 miles, whichever comes first. Yes, they're have been issues, but I don't think it's a ticking time bomb like transmissions from some Hondas. CVTs get a lot of hate from the automotive community because they're very numb and don't engage the driver. They're "geared" for economy and not speed, but that doesn't mean they're bad transmissions or prone to 100&amp;#37; failure.
Personally I wouldn't. The next generation of Focus was immensely better and much more practical. Considering your budget I'm fairly certain you can find one. But the 2008 generation was pretty dismal. Everything just felt really cheap.
The Honda Fit comes with Honda Sensing (which includes ACC and apparently does work in stop\-and\-go), comes with a CVT, is a hatchback, and you can get a new one for your budget. I'm not sure about refinement but it's got pretty much what you're looking for.
With $35k I don't think you can get a decent A4, and you're looking at like a 320i for the BMW. Am I right to assume these are 4 cylinders or? They're both good cars, I'd personally go for the BMW because it just feels newer, but be warned the ride may be too harsh for you, one thing I regret about my X5.
It's more FIAT than Jeep, and that should tell you everything you need to know. I'd *definitely* go for the CX\-5
I see. I didn't mean to completely discourage you! it's not a terrible car and it'll more than likely prove to be good enough for your needs, but I personally wouldn't, but if you like it then go for it! Also definitely a good thing that you're getting it with a clear history from a Ford dealership of all places.
I recently had the speed limit changed in my neighbourhood because they set it to fucking 50. I’m sorry, but how is the limit on University Ave. 40 but on my windy residential roads full of 90 degree turns and kids walking home a 50?? How completely idiotic is that.. I think any residential roads should be a 30 and main roads 50 km/h.
Oh my virgin eyes! A cigarette!!
I mean why not just take the train at that point?
The OP referenced a trip to Union station. You’d be taking streetcars and subways from there regardless of how you got to Union. Who shat in your Cheerios bud?
Christ what do you want here a public hanging? I’m sorry but I believe your own ignorance is the source of your misplaced anger and disappointment in our justice system.
I’m actually so disgusted by how many people don’t wash their fucking hands after using the washroom. And to those of you too important to clean your shit fingers FFS, it takes ALL OF 20 SECONDS, I don’t want to shake hands with your dick, running three fingers under the tap for 2 seconds doesn’t help either you shit chucking apes.
*And the front door is open...AGAIN!*
There’s too much liability. It definitely would’ve been done already.
I’m not sure why the snarky comments about “Vision Zero” considering that this happened in Markham. And it’s not “Markham” as you’re thinking, this stretch of road is very rural, typical two lane country road. It isn’t somewhere where you’d expect a cyclist, and combined with the fact that it’s also fairly hilly I can see this being as a result of a wrong place wrong time scenario.
Yes, it’s honestly the simplest and cheapest solution. Many of these cyclist-vehicle accidents occur at intersections, and turning right on red you have to yield to pedestrians, traffic, cyclists etc. It’s a far, far outdated rule that has stuck around far too long and doesn’t fit the driving culture anymore.
I really don’t like this opinion. You’re automatically placing the blame on drivers and assuming that pedestrians and cyclists are straight as an arrow in terms of following laws that pertain to them. That simply isn’t the reality. Reducing collisions between vehicles and pedestrians/cyclists involves *everyone*, not just drivers. There is an *insane* amount of people who jay walk like it’s nothing and even expect traffic to stop for them because “what are they going to do, hit me?”, they don’t even realize how completely invisible they are at night, when the dazzle of oncoming headlights temporarily blinds drivers and makes it hard to see pedestrians in the street. My commute I see plenty of cyclists running reds and just cycling incredibly aggressively and without any regard to personal or public safety. Then there are pedestrians who ignore crosswalk signals as if they don’t even exist. And there lies the *real* problem. You can’t possibly have everyone play by the rules all the time, no matter how much you reduce the speed limit or install bike lanes. Accidents will happen no matter what.
Oh yeah, let’s let the public police the public, great idea!
I've always wondered if the police could subpoena records from the ministry of transportation for this sort of thing. What I'm thinking is that this truck has a VIN. That number isn't just a jumble of numbers and letters, but it actually pertains to the specifics of the vehicle. We can clearly see the colour, that it's a crew cab, and it's more likely an older model build. I mean just start with any Rams registered in a 30\-50km radius of the accident and go from there? Probably not that easy but it's a start..
Don't drink that sugary corn syrup crap. It bewilders me that people drink the likes of Sprite and Ginger Ale as a sort of way to alleviate themselves from an upset stomach. It's the last thing you need when your body is trying to recover. And no it doesn't "replenish" your lost electrolytes. Have some ginger tea instead, or Dramamine/Gravol.
? I’m not the one prescribing soft drinks as a remedy but sure be a smart ass. Maybe if you realized that ginger ale has next to no ginger at all and is in fact artificially flavoured and does literally next to nothing. You don’t need the carbonation, you don’t need sugar or aspartame or any of that crap when your hurling your guts out. There’s nothing wrong with ginger, but having a ginger ale to remedy your stomach is like having a Big Mac to get your daily veggies in.
In that configuration? I wouldn’t be so sure.
Can you blame me?
Don’t be so cynical. Imagine having to wait to enter a mall in the holiday season because of security screenings, and not to mention it would cause commuter chaos. And for those “investors”, it would also be in their best interest to have people actually go to the malls.
As am I
I used to be wary of the mentally ill but these teenage dipshits who travel in large packs are a real issue. They believe as a group they can’t be meddled with and therefore they start acting like a bunch of delinquent monkeys out to show the world how much they DGAF about any rules or laws, or even personal respect. I saw some poor security guard berated by some idiot who clearly saw himself as the alpha of the group, because they were closing shop and had to leave, but this entitled sack of shit had to show what a colourful vocabulary he had. I hope these idiots are identified. Thankfully with high schoolers their identities kind of fall like dominoes as they’re all from one school.
I really hope something is done about the lot at Yonge and Sheppard, it’s so out of place now.
I think doing something genuinely kind requires no thanks or recognition, the act in itself is the reaffirmation to yourself that you’re a good person and did the right thing. If you do it to expect thanks and reward then you’ll never be happy and it’s not really genuine. That being said, you are a good person and I’m glad people like you exist. Don’t take it personally, don’t let it discourage you.
I was crawling on the DVP northbound when suddenly I saw this blacked out Tahoe speeding southbound followed by two more police cars and an ambulance. I thought it was a motorcade at first, then I assumed it was some form of urgent organ transplant...until the second ambulance came around and I realized something bad had likely happened :/
Look at the numbers. They don't follow a certain pattern, they rise, then dip substantially, plateau etc. A GTA wide task force is ludicrous, there are separate police forces to deal with their own issues. Saunders shouldn't be responsible to handle a shooting in Durham region. I just don't understand what people are expecting here.
It seems ignorance is the biggest culprit here, that and click bait headlines
I’ll have to side with the TTC on this one. Having a button to open the door is largely a European thing, I’ve never seen it implemented here other than on the streetcars, but I think the TTC should definitely implement it, especially in the winter time when it doesn’t make sense to open all the doors unnecessarily. People just aren’t used to it. We either stepped on the steps in the old streetcars or pushed those weird bars on the buses.
You dirty little pinchy bastards!
Yes, one of the many, many mentally unstable people in the city.
It is probably much more effective to work hard to prevent other people from reaching that stage, prevent homelessness, drug addiction, mental health resources, etc. Once they’re on the street and dealing with their own demons they’re unfortunately a lost case most of the time, it’s morbid but it’s true.
&gt; severe American style sentencing GTFO of here with that garbage. Unbelievable
It’s been proven and shown that American style anything, especially in terms of sentencing does fuck all. You have all the evidence you need literally at your doorstep. What more proof do you want that it’s a bad system and doesn’t work? But you’re so keen to introduce it into Canada. I’ve had enough American influences, if you want that then by all means move down south.
As a Torontonian the small nods made it that much more enjoyable.
Bad Ape is more for comedic relief, I’m not sure what made him so “terrible”, I found it a refreshing contrast to Caesar’s constant grim look. The soldiers are all carriers of the virus however they were immune. What had happened was that the virus mutated and led to the symptoms showed, hence it was irrelevant whether their “donkeys” were in close proximity or not. How do you guard a functional sewer when you have pretty much all of the apes in your prison already? They didn’t know of Bad Ape and co. Guard it from who? Ape IT? I believe Caesar was on horseback at the end, not walking, it wasn’t truly known how bad his injuries were, but obviously they caught up to him in the end, not totally ridiculous. The invading army was largely on foot, I mean there were hundreds of them charging, the wall provides a strategic high point and obviously it’s a barrier. And about it being built at the base of a mountain, this was a quarantine facility that needed security and stability. The avalanche was triggered by a massive explosion, it was intended to be maintained and not have a giant amount of snow above it.
It’s an absolute joke to those who have absolutely no idea about it, funny how that works.
Because it isn’t a criminal offence to cross solid white lines on the highway
I hate to be devils advocate but he wasn’t even supposed to be in the HOV lane to begin with..
I’m glad there are still level headed people around, even in a place like this, good on you.
50? 50??? Dude if you’re going 50 on the HOV I’m passing you on the damn shoulder, get out of here..
You’re right, sorry I didn’t think of criminal negligence, but that’s totally what this idiot faces. I do wonder if the fact that the motorcyclist was in the HOV lane illegally will play a factor or not.
That isn’t a GTI. It’s a Rabbit with a shitty body kit.
I’ve grown to really like this radio station in the last few years as well :/
There are plenty of phone apps that do this..
