It also helps negate the murder hobo mentality by disincentivizing combat as the solution to every problem.
Another answer: lots of things. As Dan Savage put it. There is no "one" for everyone. Maybe a 0.65 and a rounding error. Poly can hep fill in the parts of your needs and desires your primary partner cannot.
Yes/No, it was when he was interviewed on Star Talk.
Paid off Telus, picked up a 2 year old flagship (Note 2) for $120, and now I'm with Wind in Edmonton. Coverage is decent and speeds are less than stellar, but $45/mo for 10GB before throttling is pretty sweet.
This was a few months ago when I was unaware of the ruling unfortunately. Almost $200 per phone, but switching has already paid for itself. Phone bills dropped by $100 between two phones.
Because the art team and development/design team are the same people.
So instead the burden is shifted to employers and insurance companies. Someone will pay no matter what, it's just a matter of moving some numbers around. What reason is there for the government not taking care of dental and vision that makes it distinctively different than regular health?
Actually, there is a worksheet from the same homeschooling package they teach their kids with that details how if you are abused that it's probably your fault.
Isolation is abuse 101. Whether you continue this relationship out not, I'd suggest reaching out to the community anyways. Better now than 6 months down the road.
Wizards are by definition more versatile and more powerful. They get scribe scroll for free, spells a level sooner, and the ability to learn every single spell available to them. Sorcerers just have less bookkeeping.
So give the book to the fighter between rests. And what is your best spell at level 3? 5? Every odd level you'll be significantly less powerful than your intelligence based counterpart. Not to mention qualifying for prestige classes a level later.
Not enough medioclorians
Yeah, these are development screenshots when it was still using WC3 code.
I'm pretty happy with Wind. Certainly not the fastest and I only have data in the city, but that sweet sweet $45 bill.
&gt; So Nintendo treating their gamers like retards again... No, it's called good game design.
New band name: Tectonic Gays
Why would they do that, and has there ever been a case of a large American city doing this?
Yeah, I stopped listening to his podcast after one episode went something like this: - HBM and 300 series, meh - 980 Ti, THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST THING EVER
No, but if you listen to the actual podcast they are very very biased and will display anything from AMD consistently.
What you need to do is remove the negative connotation that comes with bring weird. All "normal" means is average.
I wrote this guide for /r/buildapc a while back. The case suggestions are a little dated, but the rest of the guide is still very relevant. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iKFOgGjTCKJn9sYklPtAqUFCaQb_j4ySs-W6q8PMhzM/edit?usp=docslist_api
This is all great as long as you remember that this one quirk in your character is not their single defining characteristic. Everyone in the world has dreams, desires, goals, fears, anxieties. Let your magic denial come out when it makes sense, but the more you shove it into the spotlight when it's not the right time, the sooner you and your fellow PCs will tire of your character.
No, we just need to realize that threatening companies bottom lines means they won't get to donate as much. For example, the stollery may receives less funding.
When you're competing with free, you need a hell of a lot better business model than HBO currently has.
GARROSH, DO YOU EVEN LIFT?
Only serves the US, more expensive than Netflix for a significantly smaller library, and up until recently only available with a TV subscription. I'm not going to pretend piracy is justified in any way, but I'm not willing to fork over more money when I already have a Netflix subscription and my $3/month VPN + popcorn time gives me the same quality of service. If the world was already a moral bastion, piracy wouldn't exist in the first place. Obviously people already have no qualms with pirating, so simply telling them not to or punishing them for pirating is like telling criminals not to crime. You need to address the root of the problem, which is the fact that piracy offers a better product at a better price with the additional cost of an insignificant amount of guilt.
I think they've already made a reputation of being exclusive. They'll need a big PR push to get the word out there that it works on more devices and without a tv subscription.
Google play music ended my music piracy days. Steam ended my gaming piracy. Netflix ended my tv and movie piracy (sans Game of Thrones).
I neither feel like shit nor need your respect. If a show that costs that much to produce fails to turn a profit because consumers are unwilling to pay the price they are demanding, then so be it. That's how capitalism works.
In a capitalist utopia, no. In the real world, yes. Theft, crime, and piracy can't be ignored when modelling real world economic situations.
Correct. Piracy is illegal and immoral, but so is jaywalking. Wiggle your finger and tut all you like, it won't go away.
Ultimately, piracy lives in the crossroad of "I want this" and "I don't want to pay for this". Granted a lot of people want things they don't want to pay for and yet they won't steal a car or kill someone for their wallet. The only thing keeping people from crossing that road is their own sense of morality or fear of retribution. Since prosecuting pirates is so difficult and the crime is fairly harmless, many people have no problems with it. The trick is getting pirates out of the "I don't want to pay for this" camp. The only way to do that is by offering a better service and putting it at a price point that makes sense.
There are such things as healthy, sexless, romantic relationships, but they're in the overwhelmingly vast minority.
By the tone of the post, it seems more like she told him rather than discussed
Yes. I have a good friend in that situation.
Because he knew precisely what he was getting. You don't go to a restaurant, order a hotdog, and complain that you wish you ordered a hamburger. You don't buy a base trim ford focus and turn around and complain about not having a sunroof and touchscreen navigation. There is literally no deception at all from Blizzard. All the information regarding the skins were a google away. Either the person bought them without looking them up first (their fault), didn't understand what came with them (again, their fault), or disregarded the information and hoped there was more (still their fault). Blizzard has not earned a single iota of flak being sent their way by this abhorrently entitled and whiny community.
I tested this one for a bit tonight and am absolutely in love with it. https://hearthstats.net/decks/starter-priest--9/public_show?locale=en Of course I added a few of my own doohickeys. Dr. Boom, Harrison, and a few others.
Patron is dirt cheap.
&gt; He went to a restaurant he knew had terrible hot dogs, and he ordered an hot dog hoping it wasn't terrible since it was expensive. The thing is, the hot dog was terrible and expensive. How the fuck can you possibly make that out to be the restaurant's fault? Especially if you already know precisely how the hotdog tastes beforehand. That's called being a retarded consumer and the purchaser deserves to be parted with their money before a nigerian prince comes along.
People who complain about top tier decks either don't play them or haven't adapted their deck to deal with them.
Yeah, it gets away from the very combo reliant standard priest tricks and seeks to deal with the aggro meta in a more direct way. In 5 face and mid-range hunter games I won all 5 around rank 9.
Poe's law works in reverse too.
No reason to be hostile. It's just another point of data to consider. Probably that minorities are typically poorer and less educated.
I feel like he adds to the discussion in the same way the WBC adds to a gay pride parade. That is, he doesn't. It gives us all something to sneer at while at the same time weakening the positions of those who happen to agree with him when he deliberately insults other users and rants with RANDOMLY capitalised WORDS.
If you had read the original post, you would understand that this has nothing to do with his opinions. I'm asking for the mods to consider banning because he is insulting, derails discussions, and is generally a negative influence on the subreddit as a whole.
Because there is no need at 4k
Free speech is all about government censorship. As a non-governmental entity, we have free reign to limit speech in any way we see fit. I believe eliminating the sort of discussions (vitriolic arguments) that TexasNorth causes is good for the subreddit. Again, nothing to do with his opinions, just his behavior.
I feel like the revamped MC was more of a "Are you sure you want 40 man raids again?" thing.
Read the post again. This has nothing to do with his opinions and everything to do with his conduct.
Yeah, it really isn't. There are a few areas to avoid, but those are all over the city. 118 ave, Bonnie doon, etc.
Do you believe his conduct is affecting the subreddit in a positive and constructive way?
Congratulations for both not reading my post and proving yourself to be a douchebag.
And why would processed and refined be any better or worse than not?
Turn off motion blur if you have it on. It's completely retarded to have anyways.
it'll impact performance regardless, and I find it distracting and disorienting in most action games. Not to mention unnecessary because each frame is rendered and you don't need it for motion to look smooth like in 24 fps movies
It's probably more of a social thing than a church thing.
I don't think you understand. Motion blur is used in movies to trick your brain into thinking the 24 fps produces smooth movement due to how we stitch together each frame in our mind. Because most PC games should be running near 60 frames per second there is no need for motion blur. Especially since we move around much more erratically than a panning shot of an action sequence motion blur just makes a mess of everything.
Don't sell it here. People are generally much more savvy. You might have better luck on kijiji where people might be willing to pay more for the alienware name
A nocebo caused by someone believing they are exposed to EMR*
Spotted the paladin player.
Affect* Affect = verb Effect = noun
That sounds super cool. Have a link?
I think they should fall under the same rules as the rest of society, not be given anything. If the people in that culture want to preserve it, it will be preserved. If not, why force it?
Dan Savage put it the best way. There is never any such thing as a perfect match for anyone. You can find someone else that you are reasonably close to , but will never exactly just the way you are . As you bump and grind against each other in the relationship you will wear down the softer edges and change to fit your partner. But once you get down to the harder part of who you are it will either take more grinding or you'll have to break the relationship off because you aren't willing to shave off those parts of yourself. There is no one for everyone just a 0.65 and a rounding error
Your opinion is popular, and you're a swell guy.
As an electrician, if I showed up to work with these I'd be fired. [This](https://www.kleintools.com/sites/all/product_assets/resized/220x220/klein/11055.jpg) is all you need.
For me, it's all about speed. I could strip 3x the wires in the same time the stripper in the OP could.
Rewording both cards to make more sense: Spiked Armor - When your hero is attacked deal ~~2~~ this weapon's damage damage to that minion and reduce durability by 1. Loyal Bodyguard - When an adjacent minion takes damage, deal damage to this instead. Slightly changes the effect, but more more simple.
Yup. I got that, the blue one in my pic, and a pen tester combo for $40 at Home Depot the other day. Really pleased with myself.
The way I interpret it, the animal focus ability triggers when you have a dead animal companion. It would not stack with itself for multiple dead companions. However, if you had 1 dead level 1 companion and 1 live companion, it should trigger that ability.
Why would it be interpreted in another way? The condition of having a dead animal companion mentions nothing about multiple companions, so why would it allow you to stack the effect on itself with a single condition being met? Plus, any GM with a pulse would fiat that out of existence in no time
"It's hard, so we're not going to do it."
Nonsense, obviously you'd be idiotic to try to just copy and paste the exact wording for traditional marriage and apply it to polyandrous marriages. You'd have to give then their own category along with all the legal protections and benefits of regular marriage in addition to the possibility of transitioning from a 2 to 3+ person marriage. Hard? Of course. Impossible? No. And your "pointless" comment is entirely insensitive to those who have been living a polygamous life, but are unable to find the same legal safeguards despite the desperate need for them.
The point? How about when a close friend of mine lost his daughter because of the lack of poly marriage? He was in a triad (3-person relationship) with another man and woman. They had a child and neither man signed the birth certificate because they didn't want to know whose it was. When the girl was 4 the mom passed away and the daughter went to her ultra conservative parents instead of the legal father. He's been fighting for almost two years now for his daughter. That's fucked up. Just because you fail to understand the need didn't mean there isn't one. It comes down to WAY more than just property.
Again, all of those are difficult questions, and ones meant to be answered by people far more versed in marriage law than you or I, but none of them are impossible to answer.
Triple monitor, SSD OS drive, RAID 0 SSD game drive, a blue, brown, and buckling spring board... I fully concur.
It's all games that I don't care if they get wiped. The only folder there I care about is my WoW mods that get backed up to my other RAID1 set. Plus, SSDs are reliable enough that I don't need to worry.
I build computers semiprofessionally. So many zip ties, cable clasps, and Velcro straps.
The SI-7 Agent says "Hah. This guy's toast." when he enters play. It sound like he's saying "disguised toast"
You can be they perfect parent all damn day, and still not have complete control of a teenager.
Question: do seasonal cubed powers transfer to non-season when it ends?
None. They take their cut out of each fare and that's it.
Good luck getting one new years eve.
Alas just the one. We also have a cat, 6 fish, and a frog.
I only really got into the game when 4e launched and only played 3.x a few times before that. After a few years I got into 3.5 and now Pathfinder. The best way I can articulate the problem with 4e is where the focus of the books is. It becomes obvious that 4e trends towards the arcade combat type given how much space in the rulebook is dedicated to stats and numbers, with each power having barely more than a sentence dedicated to the flavour.
Eidolons were insanely overpowered, and there's no consequences for charging them into a fight because they regenerate a basically no cost to the summoner whatsoever. That's on top of then putting out pretty insane damage numbers with pounce, multiple limbs, etc.
Replays are all saved if you enable it.
There are far more people partying new years eve than there are sober drivers. That's why cabs make bank that day. It's not as simple as just "planning ahead".
This is completely unrelated to the topic at hand. Take your MRA bullshit elsewhere until it's relevant to the conversation.
When is religiously motivated, yes. A single instance is a crazy outlier, but a systematic problem spanning many women demonstrates that the conditions in that country lead to what is currently happening. Catholicism is what caused it, so we're discussing it on a board largely dedicated to the criticism of religion and the promotion of atheism. Your comment was entirely off topic. This has nothing to do with men's incarceration rates in the United States.
To the layperson, consensus is the only thing they can turn to for truth in advanced fields. Most people simply lack the training to examine and analyze data and therefore rely on the opinions of those who can.
Pathfinder introduces the Azatas, a race of what seems to be a cross between angels and fey. They're all about freedom and happiness and love. Super hippies basically.
Murglish is the official name for the language.
Not just "people". Chris Metzen. The lead designer and voice of thrall.
You expect far more than the average person can deliver. I spent 5 years in post-secondary sciences and most of the stuff i see in journals and such goes way over my head.
Why not try a lossless merge, then convert to VBR after the fact? Also, try to do a blind test with yourself between the lossless and lossy files. Many times I've seen audiophiles claim a track to be inferior because they thought it was lossy when in fact it wasn't.
Sounds like you didn't watch any tutorials. It's a simple case of RTFM. Or in this case WTFV.
Ah, the good ol' "if you're not with us, you're against us".
By the strictest definition, it's not. However, it's close enough to the interests of those that post here to be relevant.
The upvotes don't.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach. -Huxley
Lots of great suggestions. Most of the class stuff is included on the rules text for the abilities themselves (like uncanny dodge), so I feel they don't need to be included.
As with all things pathfinder, specific trumps general. Listing every possible exception is a futile endeavour when the exceptions are spelled out in those specific entries rules texts.
Can you source this? I can't seem to find anything.
Neat. Though I can't imagine a situation where you'd have two different racial bonuses to the same anything.
Exactly. So many commenters saying "fuck forbes" when they need to make money somehow. As long as the ads are unobtrusive, there is no reason to block them.
Also in some places, the "this call may be recorded" thing done by those systems gives you permission to record.
&gt; Instead of solving a problem, you should just pretend it doesn't exist. The only courtesy I need to extend to other players with regards to being aware of the game is when the game begins.
I'm currently playing in a Kingmaker (Pathfinder) campaign as a Paladin. 90% of your time is spent in the lawless wilderness, and my character has basically taken the role of executioner. With no means of incarceration, we've no way to safely deal with bandits. Despite being LG, that's just how that particular part of the world works.
How is this at all relevant to the monetization of web content through ads?
Colloquial coercion and legal coercion are two different things. If you are drunk, incapacitated, threatened, or otherwise forced to, that's legally actionable coercion. If you are simply pressured, that's still on you as an adult to make the responsible decision.
I gotta tell ya, my 4 year old 3930k is loving the lack of innovation.
Extra Credits does a great job explaining randomness in games. The tl;dr is that RNG can lower skill ceilings, but is almost always necessary in making things exciting and accessible to new and less skilled players.
It also drives away people with one arm and people playing on Commodore 64s. That's just the unfortunate reality of the MOBA genre.
Your self awareness and open mindedness is commendable for someone brand new to poly. If you keep that attitude and really work at it, I can see poly in your future (if that's something that tickles your pickle).
Fairness has nothing to do with the equation. It ask about what provides the best possible quality of life to the maximum number of citizens. For example, taking 33% of someone who makes 300k a year and redistributing that 100k to 5 people making 30k to boost them up to 50k makes for a significantly happier populace. Obviously it's much more complicated than that, but that's the basic thinking behind leftist policies.
Because tax loopholes are almost always exclusively available to the rich. For example, the family income splitting favorited families making well above average middle class wage.
&gt; Tax loopholes are taken advantage of by the rich because they are paying enough in taxes that there is room to claw back some without going into the negative. Tax breaks are designed to incentivize certain activities. Making charitable donations, investing, and contributing to an RRSP are all things we can agree are good for people, but would unethical to enforce. &gt; I think loop holes are stupid anyways. Make everyone pay the same amount regardless of income. Low income people use more services anyways so it would be more fair if they paid more in tax. Again, fairness doesn't factor into it at all. Literally the only thing that matters is what system provides the best possible life for the citizens. That's the entire point of a democracy.
Not to mention popular streamers can get invited to tournaments based on that plus mediocre skill.
Great for finding the porn.
I don't get any credit? I'm certain I started a thread calling for your banning a month or so before or happened.
Not quite. WoD bumped it from the 6-ish million and then it dropped to pre-WoD levels after.
Right, it's clear that guns are what saved the day here.
&gt; I don't have to justifymy baseless accusations, just look it up yourself.
Apparently that many people haven't been burned by Tim Schaefer's atrocious record in recent years for unfinished product.
I did something similar, but much more effective with Order of the Penitent Cavalier tying people up. Why bother doing damage when a sturdy rope can permanently remove them from combat regardless of their HP?
Read up on Tucker's Kobolds. They'll think it's a combat encounter, but in reality it'll be an escape scene.
What would you call a machine with manipulators, sensors, and less than 3 degree of freedom?
Netflix (out those they're beholden to) just started an arms race that they will lose.
Why exactly? I don't see anything wrong with the video.
Not if you already plan to buy in that quantity.
Alright, I guess art is done. No one make art anymore because there's even less money than there was before.
I like it. However, I'd drop the Majora's Mask sound effect. As this mostly appeals to hardcore fans, this is a little jarring.
No. This would fall under the same non-loophole as "you can't search my purse because this isn't my purse" argument.
The part where it says "This Winter"
We "rob" people to pay for firefighters to put out house fires they start themselves. Perhaps we should privatize fire departments and have people buy fire insurance. I'm sorry sir, that hydrant is out of network. Here's your bill.
A properly dust filtered PC that's opening for cleaning on a regular basis should never be dusty. My build in an NZXT H440 rarely gets dusty enough to notice due to monthly blowouts with compressed air and annual rebuild.
That's how we deal with someone who presents facts that refute our opinions? Show them the door? That's just shameful.
I suppose my question is: Is there something you feel *has* to be in this game? Something so essential to the idea of prepping that you'd feel incomplete without its inclusion?
Vortex Frozen Molten Jailer Your akarats is on CD. RIP
News flash. Literally everything everyone does is selfish. Everything you or I do is because it makes us happy in some way. Polyamory is no more selfish than any other relationship model.
You need to learn to read the code within the code.
How is it selfish with Children? Can you point to any scientific literature that shows Poly to be harmful to children?
Precisely. Once you have boon and Custerian cubed, you level many many times faster. Plus, the extra gold from simply having it socketed is great.
Rather, is only a benefit to those who can afford a lawyer to go over the contract.
Because a contract is more easily exploited if one party is more informed than another.
I just assume that all "leaks" are really just press releases meant to garner extra interest because it's a "leak".
&gt; Higher earners as in a families who makes more than $90'000. Wrong. The new tax structure only raises taxes on those making over $200k/yr &gt; How is that big earners and how is that going to help the economy? Poorer families spend a larger percentage of their monthly income. More spending means stronger economy. &gt; How do child bennifits create more jobs? Allowing poorer families to get back to work stimulates the economy and creating a market for daycares as well.
Yeah, if one of my workers comes to me about something making them feel shitty, I'm going to work with them to figure it out. You know, because I'm not a total ass and it's okay to come to your boss with problems. I get that it's funny, but mental health ain't no joke with so many vets going into trades.
Probably regulated by the pickup location
Start with a podcast called Fear the Boot. The first 20 or so episodes will equip you with the basic knowledge you'll need for gming. Rules will come later, but FtB is invaluable for getting the nuances right.
I'm genuinely curious too. It you want to be taken seriously, you need to respond with more than just "Google it".
Where do you find that text about the star map on the spirit companion?
No, that wouldn't work. The class granting the spell is still an arcane class.
I wonder if that would qualify for the "can see the night sky" requirement for certain effects.
I used to work sales, and all our custom servers were stress tested overnight before going out the door.
Let me put it this way: If your truck breaks down and your mechanic says it's because you need a new alternator and your dentist says you need a new muffler, who do you believe? If you have stomach pains and your doctor says it's an ulcer, but your grocery bagger says it's irritable bowel syndrome, who do you believe? You probably answered mechanic and doctor, because you want to talk to those most knowledgeable on the topic. You take the advice of those trained to understand the nuances of complicated systems. When it comes to climate change, [the overwhelming percentage of scientists agree on a few points](https://scholar.google.ca/scholar?hl=en&amp;q=climate+change+consensus&amp;btnG=&amp;as_sdt=1%2C5&amp;as_sdtp=). We should listen to their conclusions because they are the only ones who have the decades of training, education, and experience to analyze the mountains of data available. To disagree with them is the ultimate in hubris. Anyone who thinks they know more about a field than the majority of PhD holders in that field is suffering from some sort of delusion.
I'm sorry, how is that relevant?
Ah, the corruption angle. Tell me, who do you think has more to lose when it comes to climate, a few thousand scientists fighting for 5 figure grants or the multi-**tri**llion dollar oil industry. Who has more money to buyout politicians and create a [misinformation campaign](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/jul/08/exxon-climate-change-1981-climate-denier-funding) in an attempt to discredit their opposition? Edit: and also keep in mind that the climate change consensus is that humans are causing a rapid, unnatural rise in temperature across the globe that is likely to have catastrophic effects on many facets of our life.
The oil companies. As long as public conscience doesn't move towards conservation, they can continue to profit from the consumption of fossil fuels. There won't be a consumer demand for more efficient vehicles and taxes on pollutants.
And it's the science-denying pro-business political right that has been accelerating these processes. It's the environmentally conscious political left that wants to conserve as much as possible.
It's voters like me that push for *legislation* that changes our direction. Massive strides have been taken in many countries towards reducing emissions and getting on renewables. Look at many countries in Europe that are mostly or entirely using renewables. That's a goal we can strive for. Yes, I could make radical changes to my life to reduce my personal impact, but that's just a drop in the bucket. We need to make changes at he organizational level to see meaningful reductions.
It's clear you've gone from civil debate to baseless ranting and accusation. This conversation is over.
Then who do you propose we trust when it comes to analyzing the mountains of data available?
I'd say disable device could work as well. Open locks if were playing 2e
&gt; sue for murder /r/thathappened
I don't doubt the death happened. You just don't sue for murder. The case was probably because there was no criminal case. The lawsuit was a tactic to gather evidence for the criminal case that the DA obviously felt wasn't worth pursuing.
Did I ever say it didn't? Just that you can't sue for "murder". They were probably suing due to some result of the murder like pain and anguish, but not for the murder itself. There's a difference between civil and criminal court, and murder is very solidly in the purview of criminal.
I think it's an important part of the story. Saying the parents "sued for murder" makes them sound like grief-stricken idiots who don't understand how the courts work. Saying that they sued in order to discover evidence relating to the murder even though the suit had no chance of success just for the sake of getting justice for their son is much more compelling.
I could also see him as a debuff support with lifesteal. Seems very warlocky to me.
But that's a good thing. Players like the feeling of "solving" or "beating" the game world.
But at the same time, we need to do something about shoring up wages so companies like Wally Mart can't continue to subsidize their profits through the taxpayers.
Actually you make a good point. There is much less incentive to accept atrociously low wages when you can literally do nothing and get more.
Not to mention that when upgrading a few years down the line, slapping in a new GPU is far easier and cheaper than getting a new CPU, motherboard, and possibly RAM.
For a very long time pre-cube era, Pox Faulds were my thing. They were 3 levels below cap, but I still loved my "fart pants" anyways.
He just asked a question. Calm the fuck down with the downvotes people.
Doom 4 Because I spent years of my youth and adult life playing and replaying Doom 1 and 2. I still sometimes hear the hssh-thump hssh-thump of the Cyberdemon in my sleep.
That's miles away from the sort of coercion that violates consent.
And don't forget that the correct treatment for gender dysphoria, a real mental disorder, is to act your preferred gender.
This may seem like I'm joking, but I'm really not: All Wizards, and one Cleric. At low levels they'll probably struggle, but once you hit 3rd level spells it'll be a cakewalk. There's no obstacle that a spell can't overcome better than the mundane equivalent.
Your issue is almost certainly graphics related. First things first, try replacing the video cable. Second, try a different monitor. Third, replace the graphics card. Given my experience with troubleshooting it's probably the third option, but you want to try the least expensive options first.
Evidence?
The top comment debunks your entire post.
Way to present a binary choice when the reality is a spectrum of choices, and the person you replied to obviously choose a place on that spectrum other than what you presented. But to answer your question, I only have to say one thing: de_dust
But if the quality is high enough, people are willing to play only a single map and game mode, ie de_dust
Not to mention that any sort of legislation put forward by a politician that does limit police powers immediately gets them the "soft on crime" label and severely damages their chance at re-election.
I can say with certainty that it will work. That motherboard takes DDR3 RAM. However, your motherboard will likely downclock your RAM to 1333 or 1600. If you want to get full speed out of it (though you likely won't need to for gaming) double check the speed is set to 1866. You'll have to check your motherboard manual for how to do that.
Both your graphics card and processor are fairly weak. RAM is fine, so no need to touch that. What's your budget for upgrading?
Eh, I'm in Canada. I understand it's illegal, but I'm more than willing to pay $45/yr for a VPN and steal it than pay the ludicrous amount required to watch it legally here. HBO is losing money to VPN.ht because Bell is inflexible with their viewing options. Would I pay $15/mo for HBO NOW? You betcha. Too bad I can only watch it if I subscribe to Bell's cable package for a minimum of $60, another $20 for their movie package, and another $8 for Crave TV. That's $88 they want just for Game of Thrones. No thanks, I'll stick to piracy.
Underneath bridges is a good place to find those as well.
&gt;If people think it's trash, they should go make a better movie themselves. I have no qualms with your previous paragraph, but this is a shit argument and always has been. You're not allowed to silence criticism just because the critic isn't capable of personally creating higher quality content.
Yes! I had to explain to a Raynor who thought "stalling" the enemies finishing off their immoral 1v4 was useful. Thankfully he was receptive when I explained that letting them get the immortal was better than letting them get a free kill and the immortal 3 seconds later.
They're more than one degree to the left of the PCs. It's he most heinous crime.
Precisely. The PCs lost their seat due to some epically disastrous campaign optics, and the NDP is stuck cleaning up the mess of a bust left by a mismanaged oil boom.
As a riser to get over the iron behind it.
&gt; This looks like utter crap, but supposedly you can do this and supposedly it's to code. I've always been interested in whether or not it actually is to code. Does anyone know if this is code or not? Code is very vague on what "secured" means. I imagine this would be inspector's preference. &gt; Sometimes you have to put pipe in the way. I mean, obviously no one wants to do this, but what's on the other side of that LB? I know I've rarely had to put conduit in the way like this just because all other options would be impossible or expensive to implement, but maybe I'm not seeing a really obvious way this could be ran? It looks like a rarely traveled crawl space, it's not like it's a catwalk at a refinery. Without seeing the other side it's hard to tell. However a few meters away is 2 feet of dropped ceiling. He could have easily ran it down next to the walkway and 90'd over to the wall. All I know is the customer mandated that none of our boxes lan on the walkway. &gt; I don't see the issue here. Thinks like that just happen in installation. Is it because the section of pipe is too short? That happens. Or maybe because the set screws are covered up by the pipe below? That happens too and you can easily loosen those set screws with Channies. Set screws not tight? Nothing specifically wrong. Two couplings just look like shit next to each other like that.
I don't want to get any more specific than "Alberta".
Or the more likely scenario: price raise only very marginally because people aren't willing to pay for a $10 big mac. Rising minimum wage won't change what people are willing to pay, regardless of the competition.
Remember, the only right way to play is to have fun.
There are quite a few heroes like that. TLV, Murky, and Medivh I think are the biggest offenders. Downright devastating in the right team composition and with players that can leverage their strengths, but useless otherwise. I call myself a Murky main (though I do use meta heroes as well). I've noticed that he stomps in Silver, sucks balls in gold, and is starting to get better in plat. Silvers can't deal with the split push, golds yolo into fights and die too much for Murky to get value, and plats+ actually start know how to poke and disengage.
Simple solution: 1. Add "A player is trying to whisper you, but you aren't accepting whispers from non-friends. Click [here] to allow." 2. Learn how to report and ignore. Every time you right click someone's name and select report-&gt;abusive chat, they get one report closer to being silenced.
It's very likely that the vibrations are coming from something other than electrical. There's nothing different about the tiled and carpeted floor electrically speaking, so something mechanical is happening. My guess is that putting weight on the bathroom floor is flexing the joists and moving an air duct just enough that it causes vibrations felt through the wall. Honestly, without ripping apart the walls there's not a lot that can be done. Call an electrician if it's going to keep you up at night, but I personally wouldn't worry.
That depends. If you're a tradesman or work with tools on a regular basis, there can be miles of difference between cheap and expensive. When I was framing houses, I bought a cheapo $40 hammer just to get by. As a my 1 year bonus the boss offered me and the other guy hired with me $100 or a new Stiletto hammer. Holy guacamole, the difference. My 18oz hammer swings like a 24oz, is amazingly comfortable to use, and has features that made my job so much easier. For reference: https://stiletto.com/p-27-tibone-tbii-15-milled-facecurved-18-ti-hdl.aspx
She'd feel more than a "vibration" if there's enough volts in the switch plate to go through her body, into the tile, and find ground.
Nah, my first hammer was still in great condition. There are some things where the higher priced version is clearly superior, and wasting your money on the cheap one is just that, a waste. Knowing which one is which is a lot harder to determine without experience, so the Savage method is preferred for inexperienced people. For me, I just ask the local journeyman which tools to get the expensive version of.
Doppelgangster showing Synergy with Dark Iron Dwarf. I guess having the extra 2/2s for buffing is okay, but this might be a mistake.
That all makes a lot of sense. What sort of electrical would you suggest? I've had my eye on industrial and controls for the most part. As for the old material, absolutely! I'd love to pick up some knowledge while I'm working my way through.
If you trust the developers in believe in their work, do it. If you don't, don't. There's two sides to this coin. Honest devs can use the money from quickly produced DLC to add content and polish. Bad devs will use the money to cut and run. Do we hamstring the good devs to combat the bad? Do we blanket punish everyone regardless of guilt for the potential abuse of the system?
Physical attacks are orange. Spell attacks are purple.
Fatmodan can dodge?
I imagine this sort of game being more of a combat management sim with a dash of "teaching kids how to program" learning. The gameplay focuses on how you grow and develop your party's AI similar to Dragon Age. As they level up they don't necessarily get mechanically stronger, but unlock better AI, more nodes (visual programming style), or different versions of the same skills. Different classes could also have access to a different set of AI skills and strategies. I imagine it laid out like StarCraft's scripting. You have a trigger, such as Default, When HP reaches a certain %, or when they're affected by a status effect. As you level up, you can unlock more lines (functions) to add more complex behavior, and even call other lines. So let's say we have a very low level fighter. He only has three slots, which are filled out like this: Trigger | Event ---|--- Default | Move towards nearest enemy Near enemy | Engage and attack Below 10% HP | Drink a potion But as you level up, you can start programming more advanced behavior. Say if you want him to be a frontline to protect your weak mages, you can program him to disengage when an ally is under attack, or use a skill that slows enemies when they try to disengage.
She's the poke tank. You roll her with poke heroes for maximum value and protection from hard dives.
Like any skillshot, you get maximum value when the enemy is distracted. You'll want to throw it down when they're * Running in a straight line (fleeing or engaging) * Clumped * CC'd * Dodging something * Movement restricted by terrain * Incentivized to stand still (capping Merc camp, standing on beacons, channeling objective, etc.)
Is it possible for someone to reload a weapon that someone else is holding? Specifically, I have a Homunculus familiar that I want to be able to reload a pistol for me.
STRAP YOURSELF IN BOYS! https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/Pathfinder_RPG/comments/2bpmp9/i_made_bobobobo_bobobo/
http://paizo.com/threads/rzs2kp61?What-action-would-it-take-to-simply-hold-a#30
Nope. Valla can vault out, Varian can charge out, Butcher can charge out, plus a few others.
As a Murky player, some heroes (such as our favorite little Murloc) simply demand a higher skill team to function. You can see it clearly with his winrate. Great in Bronze/Silver, trash in Gold/Plat, and great again in Diamond/Master.
I have a level 10+ Li-Ming and Nova. Still use base skin and tint with poverty horse because I think it's funny.
This is less to ensure everything is loaded and more to shift liability to the shipper of things go missing. Having those docs is "proof" it left in good shape in case if theft or damage.
Except it is. We are reasonably certain that riding CO_2 levels in the atmosphere are causing a massive shift in global climate.
Let's not forget tauros and boufallant.
Right, but this is the fewest possible, not fewest likely.
I remember wanting to order some batteries on prime day. I opened the browser page, but fell asleep before I could order them. They were something like 60% off. Refreshed the browser the next day when the sale was over and suddenly the regular price was cheaper then the sale price.
That's correct, that was my intention.
I think you're right. 2 Taunts and 4 mana would probably make it more playable.
If you're in bronze-silver, go monstro and split push carry. If you're in gold or higher, prepare to lose a lot because people will just kill it before it gets a significant number of stacks. Of you drafter correctly, compare that to having a hero in the fight that presumably already has synergy with the rest of your team or is a counter to an enemy hero(s) that has basically no regard for its life. Imagine how fucked Chromie is against a cloned Zeratul, or how fast their tanks melt under double Tychus, or how impervious your Hammer is with two ETCs protecting her. There's a reason Monstrosity has a 13% pick rate in Master League.
But then you're just a shitty Murky. Plus it doesn't soak the same way a hero body does. Only last hits give XP from monstro. The ability to cap camps is nice though.
Well, the skill floor is fairly low. Even a moderately experienced player hardly considers the highest level AI a challenge. I agree with you that the skill ceiling is insanely high.
Oh, a giant piano! And Taaaaaaaaaz'Dingo becomes Ta-ah-ah-ah-az'Dingo.
No offense intended, but I'd suggest not taking Archon. Like ever. There's a reason it has a 7% pick rate in Master League compared to 28, 28 and 35% for the other talents. Unless you've already won and just want to trolololo spin with the laser, getting a talent that makes you stand still for any length of time is hella dangerous.
I take him as a counter to wombo comps. Whenever I see a combo coming in, cleanse and divine shield more often than not gets us out with 0-1 casualties.
If you want to maximize your winrate, you need to pick heroes that are good. Some are just objectively better at certain roles then others. You might only practice Raynor, but when your team needs ranged AA, you're probably going to have lower winrate than someone who practices Valla, Tychus, AND Raynor. In lower leagues, comfort picks are more important than meta picks. In Dia+, you should have a solid mechanical grasp of pretty much every hero out there, and be able to fill each role with at least two heroes (tank, Bruiser, ranged dps, ranged burst, melee DPS, melee burst, main healer (as the meta demands, today it's Reh, BW, and Malf). Also knowing how to play niche heroes that are OPOP on certain maps is mega useful.
That just makes it a win more talent. Doesn't help with getting you to the win.
And the silence means you have to be at the tip of the spear of the wombo about to nuke your team.
Of course the lethal puzzles would have to not have RNG, or have that RNG pre-seeded so the outcome is the same every time.
Alright, fine. The idea sucks and every thing sucks and we should never do anything cool or different.
Oh, a silence whose duration is dependant on %mana remaining. 2s at 100%, 1s at 50%, etc.
I'm not sure what math you're using, but I brute forced it and got some slightly different results. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hm-h7HJf6ggCGdXBQHMmzgBIWSrnOgpt1HNYHp34pBE/edit?usp=sharing
You can meet mid for the first fight and split to soak after, even on cursed hollow, and doubly so if your team has global. As a Murky, I always hit mid first for bribe stacks. Even if I miss 1-2 minions from my lane, that's still a whole wave of minions I'd have otherwise missed out on. Also, with mid being the fastest lane to get to, if your team sends 2-3 while the enemy team sends all 5, that's enough time for a kill before the rotation. Now you're down a man AND they still get the full soak for the cost of a few tower shots. To combat this, your mid has to play safe and lose wave clear, leaving the enemy team free to make quick rotations and ganks in the side lanes. Tl;dr on 3-lane maps, you should always 5 man mid and split after the first wave is cleared.
Press ARF to pay respects.
Lots of rag play here. You definitely need the last hit for his Q stacking talent.
My group, which is an all-female group with myself (male) as the GM, can't stop bringing up sex. Each of their characters has slept with another of theirs at some point during the story. One of them was a transgender alchemist, and our very first campaign centered around a brothel in Absalom.
Rerolls are when you roll below a certain number you pick up that dice and roll it again. It essentially raises the minimum number you can roll on a dice. A d6 becomes 2-6 instead of 1-6. Drop low just means that you don't count the lowest result. For example, let's say we roll 4d6 and get 3|2|5|1 ---|---|---|--- We reroll the one 3|2|5|*4* ---|---|---|--- Now we drop the lowest number 3|~~2~~|5|4 ---|---|---|--- For a total of **12**. Legal only is if you completely reroll when the result is less than 7 or greater than 18.
It was leaked anonymously. The only name that appears in official statements is this guy.
My intention for all these cards was to have a powerful effect, but have anti-synergy with the archetype. Fenella starts off as a very powerful anti-aggro card that loses value as you summon more jades, and can even become completely unplayable if you get to 11+. The value of delaying fatigue in control vs control matchups cannot be understated. In a control matchup that goes to fatigue, this card might as well say "heal 6". Obviously this is a card that wouldn't hit the board until late game, either after you've played your Reno cards or if you believe the card you want to copy is powerful enough to make it worth deactivating your unplayed Reno cards. Grimestreet Snitch in the context of goons decks does seem very powerful, but actually has a strong drawback. Handbuffs decks are tempo decks. This card draws a ton, but hurts your tempo a LOT. It can also inadvertently kill certain important cards like Grimestreet Outfitter and Loot Hoarder, who would immediately die as soon as they hit the board. I do concede that this card may be too powerful in control decks.
Yeah, but a KT with Convection complete at 2:00 is a force to be reckoned with.
Slam face in area of numpad every time you hear "choose a talent".
There's always the bloodhoofs.
That's right! What a downright tragedy if they were to release the Amazon and Necromancer from Diablo II and the entire roster of Diablo 3
What? There would be more people in UR if UR was required for HL.
Perhaps another clause on the Emblem that says you must reveal every card you draw or add to your hand? Might also serve to balance the card out a bit. The "Begin the game with..." phrase came from Hearthstone with cards like [Prince Malchezaar](https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/hearthstone.gamepedia.com/2/27/Prince_Malchezaar%2842031%29.png?version=da8b30a9626dcb94870db397e237e2a8). Basically, yes, I want to have the Emblem in play as soon as the game begins. Is there such things as a **Legendary Emblem**? That may solve the 4-of problem that this card would have.
Here is what I was aiming for, perhaps you can help me clean up the text a bit? - You start the game with the Emblem. It draws you one extra card each turn. - If you draw the card that created the Emblem or have it milled, you have one turn to get it back into your deck before you lose the game. As another poster has said, having the Emblem in your hand is a problem because it is a hidden zone, so perhaps revealing cards as you draw them should be added to the Emblem. It should also be a Legendary Emblem, so you can't put 4 Icons in your deck and draw a bazillion cards every turn.
Is there any way to add a clause that only allows for one such emblem to be in play? Is there such a thing as a Legendary Emblem?
There are too many Heroes that negate his brew that are also common top laners.
YOU'RE HAVING FUN WRONG! STOP HAVING FUN WRONG!
You and your allies need the Lookout feat. If you have a familiar, give it the Valet archetype so it gets your teamwork feats and you always get to act in the surprise round. That being said, if the betrayal would ruin the game for you, then talk to the player, as trying to fight this in-game will only cause drama.
Crowd control, meaning things that hamper, disable, and delay as opposed to damage. Web, Hold Person, Color Spray etc.
Funny joke, but let's legit talk some Murky. Mostly, what he is and isn't. Murky dictates the pace of the game for both team through his mere presence. Murky's power isn't from seige, but for lane pressure. Think like a super-Abathur. He can clear waves in a single Q-W early in the game, doesn't have mana, is very difficult to kill, and even when you do kill him you've probably just wasted time. He can take Merc camps ludicrously quickly, allowing him to pressure lanes even more. So how do you beat him? End the game early. If you hit level 20 and neither side has lost a keep, you've probably already won as the Murky side. But let's back up a moment. Murky sucks in the early game for several reasons. First and foremost every talent tier is a power spike for Murky. The more you pump his level up, the better he gets. Second, but less obviously is because early game everyone is in lane. Getting caught alone is death, so everyone plays it safe, which gives Murky time to push, push, push. Post-20, Murky becomes God-like. He can 1v1 just about any hero in the game with the slime build, and has monstrous survivability.
It's a split between BTK and Inky. It all depends on how Bursty your enemy team is. Against a mostly AA team, take Fish Tank and Inky at 20. Against burst, take rejuv bubble and BTK. I would never take neverending Murlocs, as unless your enemy team is literally asleep, they'll walk around it or stop your fort push cheese. I can see an argument for ...And a Shark Too! in cases where you are catching enemy heroes alone a lot and you've gone Puffer build, but those are the rare exception. You're still probably better off with BTK/Inky.
MRGMRLGMRGL
That all depends on the Hero and the map. If you find yourself in a map where you are going to be against a lane opponent for a lot of the game (either you drafted wrong or are in QM) then you want Tufferfish. Some heroes can't deal with it without AAing, so standing on the puffer and bubbling away is perfectly viable. Your puffer can also serve as a distraction so you can stack up slimes without getting insta-murdered.
I'd say I'm 80-20 split on Slime Time or Tufferfish. Living the Dream is nearly useless.
Once you get Toxic Buildup, you'll finish your stacks in no time. Before then, try to stack if you can, but not at the cost of your life.
The only spell you should be hitting people with consistently is Slime. You'd be lucky to get more than a few hits of Pufferfish in, and March is too telegraphed to do reliable damage. Slime Time after only 15 stacks grants you an effective Spell Power boost of ~50% and synergizes with Toxic Buildup and Making Inky.
Worst case scenario: &gt; Oh look, Murky is charging in at full health! His selfless act fill me with courage! Fight on fishy friend, I'm coming back to help you! No, you mentally challenged fuckstick. I'm dying so you can escape!
99% of the time I find myself taking Fishy Deal. Early game it's very difficult to use because you'll be in lane with someone most of the time, but late game you get nearly a full bribe stack just by Q-W'ing a wave as you walk by. The value in stealing camps is massive, but the risk in removing yourself from the lane for too long and telegraphing your steal is not worth it. If you find yourself on a map where you won't ever be left alone in lane (Braxis, Tomb) then Fish Eye or Egg Hunt may have more value.
Another huge advantage of BTK is the synergy with Rejuv Bubble, if the enemy composition doesn't warrant Fish Tank.
Spider build is kind of a noob trap in most situations. It excels at single-target damage, so it's great on maps where 1v1s and 2v2s are common, but doesn't do well on teamfight and wave clear maps. You also lose out on the safety of Thing of the Deep and the mega sustain of Blood Ritual. My usual build is TotD/Blood Ritual/Dead Rush/Garg/Flex/Ring of Passion/Vile Infection.
I mean, it's consistently in the top 20 games streamed on Twitch, so it must be doing at least *okay*. :P
Your account has been locked. Please play 137 games of Heroes of the Storm to play any other Blizzard games. Literally forced.
My mechanics are trash. I'm awful at stutter stepping, positioning, and other such fight-ey things, but my game knowledge and macro strategy is well above my rank. That's why I typically play Supports and Specialists (and pseudo-specialists like Dehaka). If my team needs an autoattacker, I know that's my weakest role and will try to pawn it off on other players. That all being said, being **able** to fill that role, even if ineffectively, is basically mandatory for any rank above Silver.
My hand is still raw from being held through the entirety of SuMo, so I'm done with Pokemon for a while until they improve that.
I know **how** I'm just not very good at it. I also mained Falstad for a good long time. He's difficult to learn on because his attack animation is very cancelable. Almost as bad as Sgt Hammer.
Link to previous posts?
Color systems won't work. Colorblind people won't be able to see them.
[sLaPaThUuUuUuUuUuUr!!1!1!!1](http://i.imgur.com/qZo9agK.jpg)
&gt; I roll Diplomacy to influence the Red Great Wyrm. Natural 20! He's my friend forever and gives me his entire hoard yay! No. Fucking no. I'm a GM and I love giving some extra embellishment to natural 20s, but you don't get a 5% chance to entirely break the game world every time you roll dice. Nat 20s do nothing for almost all skill checks anyways.
You do. There's a small yellow bar below his health that indicates it.
Console is actually really fun to play on. And having it be one of the very few couch co-op games in existence on recent platforms gives it a thumbs up from me. This is coming from a player who plays 99% PC Games.
How deliciously arrogant of you.
Xul and Cassia aren't nephalem. Though it looks like the Necromancer from the D3 DLC might be.
Diablo 3 is actually great on console. It's one of the very few AAA couch co-op games on the market, and the controls feel right and fun.
Gaz loses to dive if he hasn't had a chance to set up 3+ turrets. He has strong zone control that he is already in control of, but he has difficulty pushing others out of a zone
"Diablo Heroes" means anyone from the Diablo Franchise.
Divers with sustain rek Gaz. Sonya, Artanis, and Kerrigan are among his worst matchups.
That's your theory. Unfortunately the data says you're wrong.
Hotslogs &gt; Gazlowe &gt; Matchups And inb4 "hotslogs isn't accurate", because it's the most reliable dataset we have.
I'd go with something slightly different - perhaps a puzzle based on phase change. Depending on how your players are with Physics, you could put a spin on the PV=nRT formula. Imagine a set of scales with four plates in sets of two with the chains holding them up extending into a machine in the ceiling. Each of the plates has a symbol on it representing each of the pieces of the formula, or if you feel like throwing your players a bone, the actual letters in the formula. The plate representing Temperature is sealed away in a translucent chamber and cannot have weights added to it. In front of the plates is a set of 9 weights. As they put weights on one of the plates, the other plates move as well. Putting weights on either P (pressure) or V (volume) causes the other to go up, but they won't rise or fall beyond 3 weights. You can emphasize this by having 3 indentations on the plates where the weights go. Putting weights on n (number) causes T (temperature) to rise, and if 3 weights are put on n, the machine bellows with a hot blast of steam that deals damage appropriate to their character level. Putting weights on both P and V cause n and T to also drop. The puzzle is solved when 3 weights are on P and V and no weights are on n. The formula being represented is the [Ideal Gas Law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ideal_gas_law). In order to further reinforce the mechanics of the puzzle, you can have an illusion of floating blue spheres around the room. They start in a neutral state, room temperature water, so the spheres are on the floor just rolling over each other and flowing around like water. As they players manipulate the puzzle, the spheres react. Changing V causes the room to appear to grow larger or smaller (this is an illusion). Changing P causes the spheres to squish closer together or farther apart. Changing n adds or subtracts the number of spheres, and changing T actually changes the temperature of the room.
Nice! Was this your own work or do you have a source?
He's saying that there is probably a high rate of unmarried people that get pregnant and marry afterwards to avoid being ostracized by their family and church. Since pregnancy isn't obvious until a few weeks after conception, the couple says the conception date is after the wedding, resulting in a "premature" baby that isn't actually premature. Therefore if the birth weight of the "premature" babies is close to that of a full term baby, we can guess that this is the situation.
"I'm teaching them a lesson about spacing."
But in the heat of combat, the average person isn't going to waste time, energy, and attention on investigating the fire. You won't fool a Wizard, but depending on the enemy you might be able to fool them for long enough assuming your DM roleplays them correctly. A group of orcs whose intelligence is below that of the average medieval peasant will be easily fooled.
A little fire? No. A 20 foot cube worth of fire? Very yes.
That's precisely what dice are for, to resolve situations with an uncertain outcome that factor in PC skills and abilities. What do you propose in place of that system?
In my group it doesn't come up often, but enough that it shouldn't just be ignored.
&gt; Japanese has no foul language That is insanely incorrect.
Yeah, if you're playing against a mostly ranged team, you probably won't get off many good TDs.
Works for me. I love control, but in more of a puzzle solving optimizing kind of way, not the "grind your opponent down until they scoop" kinda way.
I'll probably leave the stax out just because of how un-fun it would be to play against. Otherwise I think Brago is my man. Thanks for the suggestions!
Including the jobsite itself!
I think it's a win-win for pride and the companies. The companies get a nice little marketing boost, and the pride movement gets the benefit of any brand loyalty applied to their cause. Not to mention the fact that major brands that are a part of every day life supporting what some people might think of as "weird" or "out there" helps normalize the message of acceptance and tolerance.
HAHAHAHA, YOU THINK HOMOSEXUALITY IS A FETISH?! AHAHAHAHAHAH Tell me another joke please.
&gt; but it was better than nothing No, it was worse than nothing. Any law that allows for conviction sans due process is by definition totalitarian.
Yep! You'll find some heroes are first ban/first pick on some maps, and nearly garbage tier in others. For example, Sylvanas is super strong on maps where you have to kill map objectives that spawn a creature that walks down the lane and attacks for you, such as Haunted Mines, Infernal Shrines, and Battlefield of Eternity. Conversely, she's moderate to bad on maps where you have to hold an area or beacon, like Braxis Holdout or Dragon Shire. Azmodan is very strong on maps with long distances between lanes and where heroes spend a lot of time fighting for or claiming objectives. He's only kind of good on maps where the distance between lanes is short, and objectives are quickly taken or don't necessarily require a full team to be there. There are some maps where killing buildings, laning, and sieging are super important, some where soaking and XP gain is important, and some where the objective is so powerful that you ignore it at your own peril. Some maps have boss mercenaries (jungle camps) that change which lane take priority. Mid lane in Warhead Junction and Cursed Hollow is almost irrelevant to ending the game, because it's the lane your enemies are most likely to be closest to AND because there is a boss in top and bot on both maps. HotS may be mechanically simpler, but in terms of strategy and macro play, significantly more complex.
Your seeing it right here folks. This is the next generation of Horse Armor.
lel
Never played the game. Looks fun. :)
&gt; **Toronto Sun** article I read this morning Well there's your first mistake.
I see Control players do this all the time in Hearthstone. They'll hang onto their board clears and removal to wait for maximum value, then suddenly their opponent has such an astronomical tempo advantage that they can't recover. This is analogous to Heroes where players fail to capitalize on advantages and wait for the "best" moment to attack, ie. When the objective is pushing, when they really could take down that fort wall after getting 3 kills to 1 in a teamfight with your healer still alive.
Alternate version: http://imgur.com/L9MbnYY
lol fixed
There's more to it. With that resurrection, all of Reaper's work getting that perfectly timed and executed attack (the one where he spins around) is wasted, and he's about to get murdered by everyone being revived. Oh, and to rub salt in the wound, his victory is being snatched away from him just as he does his shrug taunt.
"hack off"
I use the Socratic method, but I completely reframe the argument. "Let's say you have a truck, it's the best truck in the world and you love it more than life itself. Every year you take it to 100 of the best mechanics in the world and have it inspected. 97 out of 100 of those mechanics tell you that you need to do maintainence on the engine right away. It'll be expensive, but far less expensive than ignoring it and having to replace the whole thing in a few years. Would you have your engine maintainenced?"
Please tell me what you think of the results when you type "climate change consensus" into Google **scholar**, not Google search.
That is where the true debate is happening. We can say with a high degree of certainty that AGW is happening, but to what degree, the effects of, and what can or should be done is still highly contentious. However, most AGW deniers in my experience deny the fact that it's even happening.
This is how I usually respond to allegations of corruption. "Who do you think has more incentive and capability to obfuscate data, a couple thousand individual scientists fighting over 5 and 6 figure government grants, or the multi-trillion dollar oil industry?"
This is how I usually respond to allegations of corruption. "Who do you think has more incentive and capability to obfuscate data, a couple thousand individual scientists fighting over 5 and 6 figure government grants, or the multi-trillion dollar oil industry?"
And now you know why he has literally any viewers on his channel.
The only problem with that is you have to take Demonic Invasion. Unless you're playing yolo solo split push Silver carry, you are robbing your team of most of Azmo's teamfight impact.
Nope, this is for a rehab center for physical injuries, not psych.
Resurrect is the perfect example of win more in the absence of something like Gust. Either you are already winning the fight and you can zone your enemy away from your ally or you aren't and they can nuke them down before you get a chance to make a comeback.
Die heathen! Everyone knows ~~pinwheel~~ windmill mining is the superior mining method! https://youtu.be/18qfgjStiTk
Banished is relaxing once you get a the hang of things. It can be a bit stressful to watch your population collapse and you can't do anything about it, but that makes your successful villages that much more satisfying.
How could it be worded to work then?
There's a difference between "got busy" and ghosting, and this situation is definitely the latter.
It's very slightly less efficient than branch mining in terms of blocks mined per revealed, but you save sooooo much time walking, because you are only ever 7 blocks away from your start point per loop of the wheel as opposed to potentially hundreds with each branch. Edit, sorry, I meant Windmill. See this video: https://youtu.be/18qfgjStiTk
But then it dies to bolt /s Yeah, I hardly play standard, so I was thinking about tuning its power for EDH/modern. You're right that if this were printed in the newest set it should be 4/2.
Upvote for the fixed text and damnation of layers.
“Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good .” HotS is a great game, but it's by no means perfect. No game is perfect. I've been playing it since just after beta and I'm still loving it.
Don't forget to check out this video: https://youtu.be/wPk004vsjuE Does a great job of explaining what sets HotS apart from LoL/DOTA
Because if you're playing with people on your tier you probably won't be landing them consistently. The best players aren't the ones that make one or two MLG plays every game, but get consistent value throughout the whole game. You may land a 5 man mosh once and fail every other time, but it's far more valuable to hit a few 1 or 2-man moshes and get kills from them several times over the game.
Mage: Spell focused damage on long cooldown skillshots. ✓ Jaina ✓ Kael'Thas ✓ Chromie ✓ Kel'Thuzad ✓ Li-Ming ✓ Gul'dan (edit) ✓ Nazeebo
Against an opponent they were vastly superior to, and in a game where the outcome was irrelevant for them.
You're right, I did forget about Gul'dan, and the "long" part of their cooldown is just how I usually think of them as being less effective when their big ability is recharging (Blizzard, Orb, Corruption, etc). Their kit is also focused on their cooldowns as opposed to other Heroes like Falstad and Zul'jin that have a "mage" build, but are still very effective at their autoattacks without being talented for them.
&gt; As for "consumer protection," etc, those are fancy words for "nannyism." Where you don't care about individual rights, and think it's okay to tell other people what you want them to do. This is completely disregarding the massive power imbalance between people are large corporations, especially one of the largest in the world, Google. The government is (at least in theory) the voice and the will of the people that restores the balance of power. Do you honestly think the megacorps of the world would act in our best interest with no oversight? Or that market forces are anywhere close to sufficient to reign them in?
Yeah, fuck babies! My 6yo has so much personality, and some of the creative stuff she's produced is fantastic. I love being able to do chores or sit on the computer for an hour or more while she entertains herself without constant need for supervision.
[It's time to do the Voodoo that I do so well.](https://youtu.be/PU19n2P-bro)
I'm almost having the opposite problem. She usually doesn't want to play dolls or whatever with me. Most of the time we spend playing is when I'm on a video game and she wants to sit in my lap and watch/play with me.
Holy guacamole. How is that not a staple in every blue deck ever? Barring enchantment removal on a stick that seems like guaranteed value.
As a blue player, how large do the drops have to be? Can I separate a single drop into dozens of tinier drops through titration?
I used to use Freedom when they were Wind, and the coverage even in the city wasn't adequate. They were nice and cheap, but so is the Manitoba plan I'm currently using. 😞
Nothing feels better than troubleshooting and finding out it's some other trades' fault. It's never ours, right guys?
I live in Canada, so it's mostly this for me: https://youtu.be/MK6TXMsvgQg
Yikes! My worst damaged property was a gigantic 10'x6' mirror in the master bath of a monster of a house. It had fixtures mounted directly to the mirror. The cutouts for my octagon were juuuuuuust a little too small, and when I put my bolts in, they rubbed against the glass in just the wrong way and cracked the whole thing.
I'd play HC SP D2, but would "cheat" with a save restore if I died to external forces like latency or a popup tabbing me out.
Basic lands you control* oops
Please stop pretending you have to be an expert in the field to criticize a piece of art. That's just plain retarded.
Self-aware camp is a drug for me, and it can make up for a lot of shortcomings in a film, but even I *almost* fell off the wagon with Pacific Rim. Luckily I didn't and had a fucking great time
&gt;One day I hope to see the thousands of better Star Wars films that redditors seem to be convinced they could write with ease. That seems to be what you're implying with this sentence. If that wasn't your intention then I think it was poorly worded.
That all depends on how it's programmed. Whether its goal is most paperclips per time period or just most paperclips, it would probably start thinking about how to produce the most paperclips before the heat death of the universe. Alternatively, maybe the engineer is only concerned about paperclips per quarter and gives the machine a 3 month time period, sending it into a paperclip making frenzy.
The whole idea is that the paperclip making machine is **so intelligent** that it pretty much transcends most human limitations. Think like a technological singularity that's only concerned with the production of paperclips.
How so? Demand is irrelevant because the machine isn't trying to sell anything, it simply wants to create as many paperclips as possible. Supply is only a factor insofar as the machine is able to collect and process resources into paperclips.
Ah, I see our disconnect here. The situation described by the article is looking at a sort of Doomsday scenario where an AI is given a benign task that turns into an unstoppable force because a poorly programmed AI doesn't factor in all the things that make humans happy. If you give an AI a goal, for example making paperclips, without also programming it to consider other things that a reasonable human would factor in, you may end up with it working against your best interests in its amoral pursuit of that goal. The situation in the article doesn't get into how the AI would function within a normal economy.
Omg. Freezing the lane. I was playing as Sonya on Dragon Shire. I expected the enemy solo lane to be Naz, so when the game started I went to the bush right below the lane in soak range so I could ambush the Naz and chunk him early. "Sonya reported afk" No you fucking monkey, just because I'm not mindlessly brawling or clearing minions doesn't mean I'm afk. God I hate being high Plat stuck in mid gold (ranked placement bug).
My favorite move with Sonya is to immediately go to a side lane and sit in a bush in soak range. When their solo laner rotates up, I smash them with as long a combo as I can to chunk them before they can even start laning. Makes for easy 1v1s and the enemy doesn't usually hurry to put someone in the lane because they look at the map and see no one there.
How many Blizzard fans does it take to change a lightbulb? Twenty. One to change it and nineteen to complain about how the darkness was better.
Not to mention the time grubby got silenced. I can't think of a single other popular streamer that is as well-mannered and positive as him.
But I want people in hero league with even *worse* map awareness.
[Ah, yes, a fully functional competitive market.](http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2009-05-26-5746982-46-retelele-cabluri-stalpii-din-bucuresti-sunt-prezent-ilegalitate.jpg) The fact of the matter with wired telecom is that there simply isn't enough real estate to put everything. Just like how it isn't feasible to have two or more parallel roads managed by different companies to create some sort of competition.
Yep. Not to mention you're talking about a physical good that (until recently) was relatively expensive to mass produce, and even more expensive to produce in small quantities. Full disclosure. I'm not a fan of guns and if I could wish them all away, I would, but the reality is that there are a lot of guns out there, they're cheap, and as 3D printing evolves they'll become even cheaper and more widely available. We need reasonable controls that maximize public safety without leading to the "only bad guys have guns" situation. Especially if are the government becomes the "bad guys".
Since the game actions are automated, HS doesn't have to be as verbose as other TCGs except where clarity becomes an issue (*laughs in Ysera*). In this case I don't think it's terribly difficult to understand.
The broadband floor is a label, and one that has lost all technical meaning to become a marketing buzzword. Unless I'm mistaken, nothing actually changes legally except what you're allowed to call broadband when you sell your service. You're right that it makes no difference to Grandma, but there was nothing stopping them from offering slower, cheaper plans before. It's like if we defined "HD" as 720p and some time later they changed it to mean 360p so TV manufacturers could make cheap shit and still sell them as "HDTVs" to a public that is largely ignorant to the change. That's what's happening here.
Nope. They're not spending any more than they were before.
https://imgur.com/gallery/v9yv5
For those confused: Now I get Azari without having to go through Rin and the 6 seals. Also if you'll notice the 5 cost Mal'Ganis in my hand, you'll see that I have the Scepter of Summoning. Turn 5 Azari baby! Edit: Got Azari in my opening hand against The Darkness. Also had the 3 secrets treasure and hit [Looming Presence](https://d1u5p3l4wpay3k.cloudfront.net/hearthstone_gamepedia/thumb/0/0d/Looming_Presence%2827480%29.png/200px-Looming_Presence%2827480%29.png?version=0a1c6554420cdeeff44babf0b8eb7f70) with Mana Bind. [ggez](https://i.imgur.com/ilOTuhz.png)
Yeah! I already had two Mal'Ganis in my deck when I got the Mirror fairly early on. I figured I'd use that and just have a shitload of turtles in my deck, but then when it gave me the chance to draft Rin, I knew what I had to do.
Very very very very very very very few players in Silver have a grasp of basic strategy and mechanics beyond the few Heroes they play. What I'd suggest to learn is to watch Grubby's stream and VoDs. He does a fantastic job of explaining what's going on and going through his head as he's playing. Any of his VoDs on YouTube with "Over-Explain" in the title are going to be massively useful to you.
I recently had a game where our Azmo took Taste for Blood on Dragon Shire. I kept playing, but our stitches flamed and fed and eventually DCd. Even with that stitches and being two levels down, we won one Dragon Knight (too little too late) and got kills here and there. Imagine if he was trying instead of making it 4v6. :/
Meta slaves gonna be meta slaves. I still see Kael'thases taking convection against a dive comps and Valeeras or Nazeebos building for Toads against solo tank quad backline comps.
"How do you explain action X by the President?" "Let me answer your question with one of my own. Would you like to be present the next time we have a press release? Anyone else?" This is an endemic problem in the games industry. Give a publisher too many bad reviews and if your name isn't Giant Bomb, etc then you can kiss early review copies goodbye.
Honestly depends on the enemy composition and map. Mana Addict is almost always the correct choice against dive, stealthies, and on maps where fights tend to happen far from a well or will drag out. I can see the value of Convection on maps like Braxis where you're unlikely to be flanked, globes and wells are close by, and you want the extra wave clear power. Also if your enemy is low mobility/has Samuro or you have a solid pocket healer like Uther, Convection can be strong.
Unfortunately that dynamic broke down with the advent of the internet. Now there's thousands of shady "reporters" ready to pounce on any opportunity regardless of journalistic integrity or industry solidarity. You might even call them "false news".
They're huge, have a very loyal fanbase, and appear to operate with a significant level of transparency. They're the Whole Foods of game reviewers and they could probably survive being blackballed by one or two of the heavy hitters. Compare that to a mom-and-pop grocery store (smaller game review sites) that can't stand up to the suppliers (publishers) lest they face the existential threat of being cut off early review copies, which the majority of traffic would come for.
Tomb of the Spider Queen? *Checks background* Tomb of the Spider Queen.
I don't think this works with institutions like Breitbart ready to step into the gaps left by reputable journalists.
Mana Addict is especially important on Volskaya where fights for the pad can last minutes.
"outrage culture" Dude, dogwhistle somewhere else. I'm all for calling people out on their bullshit.
"I just grabbed her ass, it wasn't sexual assault. How dare you take legitimacy away from real sexual assault."
Look at his username. Stop feeding the troll.
If you need a pile of cable to spool off perfectly without knotting, wrap it in a figure-8 pattern around your arm. I'll always pull from the top of the figure-8. I've done 1000'+ pulls like this without someone feeding into the conduit.
Stargate Galactica was my go-to mock title.
Meh, absolute trust is for Disney. In real life, you can't trust anyone, even yourself. That's not some edgelord nonsense, but real truth. It's very easy to unknowingly act against your best interests, so you should set up systems to help combat that. For example, I love sleeping in. My wife is a warm pile of soft comfort in the morning compared to getting dressed and going to work, so I set an alarm to make sure I don't act against my best interest by sleeping in and being late for work. Anyways this has turned into a bit of a tangent. My point is that you should never trust anyone, and if its especially important, don't trust yourself.
Though Varian is a good counter. Unless the Tracer has lightning fast reflexes, you're pretty much guaranteed CDR on protec and landing a Taunt is devastating to her.
The official "errata" for that is that the Kessel run is full of black holes, and he's a good enough pilot/the falcon is a good enough ship to skim close to the black holes and shorten his run distance.
This was falstad for me. Getting the timing correct so you don't cancel his Auto is half of learning that hero.
I still think he'd be the perfect hero to drop all those generic utility summons onto. M.U.L.E, Scouting Drone, etc.
How is Relentless Leader not an auto-pick against Butcher? You're basically immune to his charge.
Or to put it even more succinctly, strict parents raise good liars.
No, in this case it's definitely just a buff. Some abilities are move-while-cast and some aren't. Move while casting is pretty much strictly better than not. You're changing an actual game mechanic. Quality of life changes are things that make aspects of play simpler through information given to the player. QoL changes can be a buff in that they make certain plays easier to pull off, but the actual mechanics of the hero don't change. An example is wall sight. Being able to see the wall is irrelevant to the mechanics of scatter arrow, but it's made easier to aim with the wall sight. Imagine if they added it to Diablo. It would be a quality of life change since hitting shadow charges would be easier, but there is no mechanical difference before and after.
You have a channel as well? Care to link it?
Impossible. This is a replay, and since the game code is deterministic, latency would not affect how it plays out. Maybe in-game, but certainly not in a replay.
Falstad, Alex, Stukov, Zeratul, Medivh, Brightwing just off the top of my head.
Tyrael isn't a main tank, even with Holy Ground.
HGC meta is not normal by a long shot. One only needs to look at the pick/winrates of Tassadar, Medivh, and all the specialists to see that.
Zero CC outside of a long cooldown ultimate and his peel is a "meh" speed boost. If a Genji decides to tickle your Gul'dan's bumhole with a shuriken barrage, there is pretty much nothing Tyrael can do to save his squishy mage. If the enemy Valla vaults in front of her tank, there is very little you can do outside of an extremely well placed Holy ground to lock her down for your team to punish her.
Oooh, not only does the rules text work, but the flavor text of each matches perfectly. Both about the creations of man (intelligent beings) being abandoned.
Do you keep lifesteal if you change Heroes?
This comment reminds me of [this political cartoon](http://themetapicture.com/pic/images/2015/10/22/cool-comic-president-levers-papers.jpg).
I would call that more of a niche than "main tank". Compare that to Diablo, who is also a dive tank, but ticks many more boxes that you look for in a main tank than Tyrael. I'm not saying that he *can't* be your main/solo tank, but that he can only do that within a very specific niche.
A free VPN will give you poor speed. The one I pay about $50/yr for consistently hits 40mbps+ out of the 50 I'm paying for.
To be fair, I was high Plat, got bugged into low gold. If even I can notice the difference between the ranks, Masters to good would be even worse (assuming he was being truthful).
I'm 28 now, and in certainly more center than I was before, but I'd still firmly plant myself "left" economically. I think the free market is a powerful tool, but one that should be used with care and only in the right situations. There are certain industries that market forces simply don't work on, like healthcare and utilities, and there are some that just get botched by the bureaucracy of government. On a more fundamental level, I believe that we accomplish much more working together than in competition. With a group of people larger than 3 digits that level of cooperation needs to be organized from the top down. A correctly designed government will work for the people's best interest.
I was also paid well as an 18 year old gas station clerk ($16/hr in 2008 iirc). But that meant we had much higher expectations, and we did the work of two people often times. I think it's a much better system, but it's certainly not the norm.
No, but increasing the livable income of the poorest and decreasing reliance on handouts **is**.
I wonder how many Canadians are employed by small businesses at or near minimum wage. For example, I'm certain that here in Alberta, the thousands of trades workers working for small businesses at $35+ journeyman rates will be almost entirely unaffected by a minimum wage hike.
This is a slippery slope fallacy.
Let's take it down a notch, dude. We're all on the same team here. What I don't understand is how you figure that just because the cost of labor rose that an employer's demand for labor suddenly drops. If the business could really continue to operate on reduced hours of labor, they would have (or should have) already.
Any business not seeking to ethically and legally maximize profits that fails gets no pity from me.
You'll have to clarify
This is less Timmies and more a few franchise owners. Until they open their books and show everyone that they actually can't operate without these cuts and that they're not just an excuse, I can't really make an educated comment. My *guess* is that they're using the hike as a scapegoat.
Let's be honest, that was all ~~Ashbringer~~ Shalamayne.
Holy shit. Broxigar is the Doomslayer.
You're right, brain fart.
&gt;This makes it nearly impossible to see on certain areas of several battlegrounds. Close. It's because blue is a "friendly" colour.
No, just no. There is pretty much zero chance that you would come out alive if you shot at or killed an officer. Unless you successfully pull off a full scale armed coup, no display of force will keep you safe.
Somehow, my experience bar disappeared without me knowing. I figured it was an ElVUI glitch and paid it no mind. I proceeded to level through the entirety of Val'sharah abd half of Stormheim before I said "gee, I've been level 106 for a while now". Fuck me.
Very doubtful. Only one other person would have access to my account, and she would have made a big joke of it.
I don't think you understand, my wife of 7 years would have revealed the prank by now, if she would have done it at all. It would be wildly out of character for her to \#1 do it in the first place and \#2 not have said "gotcha" by now.
Gotta love PCL. I work at a hospital with projects run by PCL, Delnor, Chandos, and more. I spent about 3 months on a Delnor site with personal music, not wearing gloves, buckets as ladders, etc and never even saw a Delnor employee that wasn't a laborer. Got moved to a PCL job and was harassed about having been through orientation and having my PSI with 5 minutes of being on site.
The problem with him is that he doesn't have enough counterplay as long as he doesn't make mistakes. I should be able to put him in a situation where he is in danger, not have to wait him out.
Shalamane/Ashbringer - swords powered by Light and dwarf magic Frostmourne - Empowered by Ner'Zul Etc.. Doomhammer - Literally just a chunk of iron on a stick Gorehowl - literally just an axe, that happened to kill someone important The only major orc weapon I can think of that has any magic nonsense is Broxigar's Axe of Cenarius.
YOUR SUBJECTIVE ENJOYMENT OF THIS OBJECT IS WRONG. STOP ENJOYING THINGS I DON'T ENJOY.
For me, daily cooking is a matter of sustenance, so minimum effort and cost is my bag. I'll save the food enjoyment for dinner dates and special occasions.
The problem isn't the discounts. It's discounts continent on *not* using their competitors product. It's like if you bought a Ford at wholesale price, but had to sign a contract saying that you will only ever buy Ford vehicles for X years.
"If I leave the house for a minute, can I trust you not to eat any of my cookies?" NSA: *MMHMF*
It's almost like when they took the best level 20 talent from Nova, buffed it, and gave it to her baseline made her way too easy.
This card is basically "Battlecry: Turn on all warrior cards." Massive synergy with Shield Slam, Gemstudded Golem, Geomancer Yip, Mortal Strike, Revenge, and even Reckless Fury if you've got the balls.
For the purpose of making Molten Giant viable again and making this consistent with Alexstraza, I intend for this card to have your max health to remain the same
Yup!
Still surprisingly not the most gross thing you can do in wild.
Good point. The only precedent we have is Alexstraza on Ragnaros, or Amara. In both those cases the health set point becomes the new max, so I'd expect it to work that way.
You still get xp from minions if you kill them off screen with an ability.
For the curious, the reason I got toxic at the Malfurion was because we wiped the enemy team at the shrine. I furiously ping spam fort and keep (I'm Sylvanas) and only 3 of us come, leaving Malf and Sonya at the shrine. I type "malf come, Sonya shrine". So Sonya comes and Malfurion stays at shrine ?!? When Dehaka spawned, he burrowed into the shrine and killed Malf and I died to a Pyroblast with less than 200 damage overkill. Since malf killed like 2 skeletons in the time we spent sieging the enemy team took the punisher. If he had come with us, I likely wouldn't have died, he definitely wouldn't have died, and we would be pushing with a 16 minute punisher against a half health keep with Sylv. \#GoldLeague
Split push? Did you miss the part where 3/5 of the team were on board with the actual correct decision? The only real objective is to kill enough buildings to get to core. When the entire enemy team is dead for 40s, that's plenty of time for 4 level 16 Heroes to kill fort and keep wall while Sonya does shrine. Failing to capitalize on your hard earned victories is one of the things that keeps people in lower leagues.
I'm sorry, but you're completely delusional of you don't understand the wild power imbalance between most corporations and their employees. Governments and unions are, more or less, the collective will of the people that restore the balance of power. Axe those and we get to go back to the days of child labor and 7 day work weeks.
Ask literally anyone who is good at the game. Streamers, pros, masters and GMs. Every single one of them will tell you to take fort and keep at level 16 after a 5-0 teamwipe with an allied Sylvanas. I'm sorry, but the fact that you're arguing this at all is like arguing if the sky is blue. It's really that obvious.
Read the post again. Here are the facts. 1. Enemy team is dead with the nearest death timer 40 seconds long. 2. Our team is Sylvanas, Sonya, Malfurion, Stitches, Jaina at level 16 3. We have ~10 skeles. 4. Fort wall is down. Given that situation, if we had full participation, we could have easily killed the fort and keep AND Sonya could have cleared the shrine long before they respawned. Instead Malf and Sonya just did whatever the fuck they wanted and the team got punished for it.
There are very few Heroes where there is only one correct build. Even Heroes with one dominant build vary based on map and team compositions.
Using the Varian example, Colossus Smash and Taunt are both competitive at all leagues, and Twin Blades is still very much viable at Gold and below. I'm sure you could say the same about all Heroes. For example, Stage Dive ETC presents a very different threat and demands a different playstyle from your enemies than Mosh Pit ETC.
No, but niche picks won't do you any favors. If you main Probius, Tassadar, and Chen then you're going to piss off a lot of teammates and probably not do well in ranked.
You need to do both. Be able to cover many different roles, but don't unnecessarily Sora's yourself thin. Given equal skill, the guy mains Jaina, Kael'Thas, Gul'dan, and Nazeebo won't do as well as the guy that mains Jaina, ETC, Valla, and Uther. In a draft, I'd rather my teammate draft someone suboptimal they're really good with rather than the perfect hero they've only played to level 5.
Nope, I'm sorry, you're wrong. We go to war against those godless heathen sub-human animals. They might look like people, but they certainly aren't!
What? I thought the sarcasm was evident, but the way your leaders convince you to go to war and be okay with shooting other people is by making them seem sub-human. This has been happening since literally forever. Whether it's Nazis, Communists, or Terrorists most people sure as shit won't be shooting other people if they have to think about their families and motivations.
We've done a lot to them as well, but in a much more sinister and indirect way. To be fair this was mostly the US, but our hands aren't clean either.
~~This bundle goes live with 10.2, so I don't believe you get a refund for anything crafted or opened after the nerf. Please correct me if I'm wrong.~~ I was incorrect, see below.
If you played online you couldn't. Single player saved you exactly where you stood. You could also save and start a new run from town with a fresh dungeon in SP.
They did a really good job porting Butcher to Heroes of the Storm. Almost no other Heroes in the game can go toe-to-toe with him. If he charges you, you'd better hope you have a strong escape move, allies nearby, or a friendly fort less than a screen length away.
It was impossible to save scum because each run was seeded. That's how some speed runs are able to compete the game in a few minutes.
Is burning the cleared area a viable option?
We've got a handful sitting on the shelf. We don't use them because the hospital is super strict about what goes in, but I've been informed that they are liquid tight.
I did this build with a 1 level dip into Bloodrager (Urban Rager) with the Aberrant bloodline to qualify for Aberrant Tumor with the Protector archetype. Now half of all the damage you absorb from Life Link gets dumped into your familiar, which has Fast Healing 5, and you can Bloodrage for some emergency bonus HP. I also did Paladin Variant Multiclass for yet more Lay on Hands at level 7.
With the removal of Chromie, I think Hammer comps have gotten a little too oppressive. Unless you steamroll them very early they tend to push really really hard and put you on a timer at 20.
1. There are a lot of things you can do that are *technically* not breaking any rules, but ruin matches for everyone else. It's the HotS equivalent of waving your hand in someone's face and saying "I'm not touching youuuuuuu". 2. I'm not advocating for throwing games, but if you're 40% winrate with a Hero you really enjoy playing, it's time to stop playing them in competitive modes (looking at you Hanzo/Genji mains in Plat). I started playing a lot less Murky when he stopped performing for me in HL despite him being my highest winrate and playtime hero since his release (~600 games, ~62% winrate). There's also those Heroes that demand a specific playstyle from your teammates like Abathur/TLV/Murky that can easily cause tilts and losses without their buy-in. Again, I'm not saying any of this is against the rules, I'm just advocating not being an asshole. 3 . Do I have to qualify everything with "within reason"? Of course you shouldn't be banned from HL if you aren't making HotS a full time job, but if you're not in a winning mindset then you probably shouldn't play with other people that expect you to be. Don't be a selfish asshole and drag your team down.
Honestly, I'd rather you get comfortable with the maps, strategies, meta, Heroes, drafts, etc. before queueing into HL, but if you can perform at the rank you get seeded info, that's fine with me.
A combination of swipe keyboard and trying to jam as much thought into my post during my coffee break. Also no proofreading.
I would **love** to play an amateur league, but unfortunately I can't commit to dates and times with my father/husband/tradesman schedule.
Thanks. While I'm no stranger to rage posts, I'm definitely going into this one with a cool head.
I snoop profiles to offer suggestions when I see we need a role filled and want to suggest a hero they're comfortable, experienced, and skilled with. It's also good to know if someone has 50 Warrior, 280 assassin, 70 specialist, and 5 support games. I really don't want to leave support fill up the to that guy.
Does this mean that skillshots will hit Diablo by passing through his breath, or just targeted abilities?
Care to elaborate?
OP here. At the time of this thread's posting, I hadn't played in about two days, so I certainly wasn't tilted off a loss. A lot of your criticisms of my points are based on what you believe is my motivation, while avoiding a lot of the points I actually spelled out. For example: - People who pick a hero they have a low winrate with over a large number of games. - People who one-trick and *refuse* to change their picks regardless of the situation. There's a one-trick Abathur that only picks Monstrosity, even on Braxis Holdout. You don't need to be a tactical genius to see why that's probably a terrible plan.
&gt; Sorry, it's been 8 days since this was posted, and I've considered this quite a bit. I think your rate is actually very reasonable. You may be in the minority there! I've been called everything from Scrooge to the Judas of D&amp;D. Oh well, it's a side business/hobby for me, and as long as willing players don't dry up I see no reason to lower my rates. In fact, I've had to turn down a few groups simply because I'm busy with the ones I have already in addition to my just-for-fun games with friends (which I also GM). &gt; Honestly, I think that you're a great candidate for an AMA here at the sub. I'm down! Although I think there might have already been a few.
I think where the communication breakdown is coming from is where you think I mean that you can judge whether someone else is "trying", but what I'm saying in the OP is that you need to be able to look internally and decide why you're playing the game and which mode is the correct one to achieve your goals. If you only ever want to play one hero one way and you don't care about winning or losing, you should probably avoid the drafted competitive mode that demands at least a little bit of flexibility. If you just want to relax and have a joint or two, then queuing into a mode where people around you are going to get upset by your lack of focus is also probably not a good idea.
I'd start from the start. If the players are looking to run a kingdom, they're going to need to first deal with those that are already in power. Give them an evil Baron or two to start to give them a foothold in an easy hack-n-slash where they can slay their way into some real estate. After that, they'll likely start being noticed by any other local powers that might not be so easy to depose and have the citizenry be fine with it. No one wants a power struggle caused by some murderhobo newcomers. Even if the seat of power is empty, it's unlikely that fertile land would be abandoned for more than a few years.
Yep! Reinforce the fact that the title means nothing without the support of the people. You don't need to go full bore Game of Thrones, but unless they're killing moustache-twirling bad guys, they'll probably meet resistance.
Have you established why it was abandoned in the first place? That could be a major part of the players' questing.
Eh, I'd be pretty sad if Grubby stopped steaming WC3 and HotS in favor of other games. Unless it was also a game I was into, I probably wouldn't watch him any more.
I understand your frustration, but one potential solution in the meantime is to use quick-cast or cast on release. It takes a bit of getting used to, although some abilities are better off with cast on release or click cast like Ring of Frost.
What sort of games do you play? I'm into MOBAs, and I find heavy keys impede proformance when I need to press buttons rapidly.
Listen here, bud. I took a Microsoft Excel class in high school, and you have no idea what you're talking about. Blizzard, one of the biggest gaming companies in the world, just doesn't know how to code.
You definitely cannot run it. Unless they're pairing dedicated cards with pentiums these days you'd better start learning to like Minesweeper. A 1.6 GHz Pentium will likely struggle with 2d games with minor particle effects. Mine can hardly run Terraria without turning down the resolution.
A c2d with a 270x. Like dropping a V8 into a scooter.
I know we're not supposed to self promote, but since you asked. C:/Users/Sephiroth69/My Documents/Website/Angelfire/computorgeekblog/Home.html Edit: fixed URL
No, just using hyperbole to make a point.
It's pretty simple math. If you have a 55% winrate, then for every 100 games you gain 2000 points ((55-45)*200). Each rank is 1000 points, so that's 50 games for one rank or 250 per division. That will be slightly less since you don't lose ranked points past 0 and you should get a slight personal rank adjustment for the odd streak. However, this doesn't scale well. At 54% it goes up to 62.5 per rank or 312 per division. At 53% it's 83/416, 52% is 125/625, and 51% is 250/1250. In order to move up one division in 100 games, it requires a winrate of roughly 75%.
RIP Bile Drop
Hell, OP says she has bad initiation, but she has stellar initiation with both her Ults in both dive and poke compositions. The speed buff on W followed by Q and bodyblock is practically a lockdown on anyone without a dash.
It's funny because /r/HeroesoftheStorm is a pointing at Overwatch and asking the devs to do better on HotS.
Fenix + Abathur. It's not as absurd as the instant delete combos, but he's unstoppable in lane with Symbiote build.
I feel like his matchups are a lot like laser Azmodan. It has a similar winrate in Masters as his dunk build, but only works when the enemy team drafts no mobility, stuns, silences, interrupts, etc. so you've probably already won the game regardless of the build.
It can get meta-gamey really quickly, especially with a group like OP's. - I roll for disguise to sneak into the king's chambers! 7. Oh wait my disguise sucks nevermind. - I roll for stealth! 9. I'll take the long way around instead. - I roll sense motive to see if he's lying. 3. GM: You're fairly certain he's telling the truth. No way! Someone else roll!
Forgive me for falling behind on the lingo, but what's a "boat" in relation to MtG?
"soak ammo" in this context means the soldiers in front last a little longer so the archers (who do more damage, but are easier to kill) can DPS. It's why, as a Zagara player, you need to consider letting the minion wave hit the wall before you unleash your Hydra. Sometimes it's better to drop roaches first if you're crazy stacked up on Infest, and sometimes you should wait until the walls target the soldiers. If you've taken Corpse Feeders, then it's always correct to have your roaches reach the wall first. At the end of the day, it might only mean the difference between doing 30% and 35% damage to the fort, but every little advantage counts.
A message for Chromie with Bye-Bye: yes you didn't "die", but now you're back in base in the middle of an important teamfight and you'd might as well have died. Edit: Please explain the downvotes. Bye-Bye is very well known as a trap talent. Edit 2: - [Icy Veins](https://www.icy-veins.com/heroes/chromie-talents#level-11) &gt; Bye Bye! comes with a big drawback: it may save Chromie's life at the cost of teleporting her back to base. While this is great if Chromie gets caught while separated from her allies, it causes her team to fight without her in a full five-versus-five team fight. Consequently, we recommend picking Time Out instead, which provides equal protection but allows Chromie to stay in the fight." - [HotsLogs](https://www.hotslogs.com/Sitewide/HeroDetails?Hero=Chromie) - filter by Master and filter by Bronze+Silver+Gold and see which has a higher pick rate - [Blizzpro](http://heroesofthestorm.blizzpro.com/2017/06/09/timing-everything-guide-chromie/) &gt; if you need survivability I prefer Time Out over Bye Bye. The problem with Bye Bye is that it completely removes Chromie from the fight, which often means that her teammates die instead as they suddenly find themselves in a 4v5 fight. Time Out is like a much better version of Ice Block. - [Masterleague.net](https://masterleague.net/hero/chromie/builds/?t=313&amp;t=312&amp;t=311&amp;t=309&amp;t=307&amp;t=308&amp;t=310&amp;t=302&amp;t=299&amp;t=300&amp;t=298&amp;t=301&amp;t=296&amp;t=292&amp;t=295&amp;t=278&amp;t=277&amp;t=275&amp;t=273&amp;t=271&amp;t=269&amp;t=268&amp;t=267&amp;t=266&amp;t=265&amp;t=276&amp;t=274&amp;t=272&amp;t=270&amp;t=264&amp;t=263&amp;t=262&amp;t=261&amp;t=260&amp;t=287&amp;t=259&amp;t=285&amp;t=306&amp;t=258&amp;t=297&amp;t=286&amp;t=257&amp;t=256&amp;t=290&amp;t=284&amp;t=281&amp;t=255&amp;t=254&amp;t=289&amp;t=283&amp;t=280&amp;t=253&amp;t=251&amp;t=288&amp;t=282&amp;t=279&amp;t=252&amp;t=250&amp;t=249&amp;t=248&amp;t=247&amp;t=246&amp;t=245&amp;t=244&amp;t=243&amp;t=242&amp;t=241&amp;t=220&amp;t=217&amp;t=216&amp;t=231&amp;t=212&amp;t=209&amp;t=240&amp;t=237&amp;t=234&amp;t=230&amp;t=226&amp;t=207&amp;t=239&amp;t=236&amp;t=229&amp;t=227&amp;t=206&amp;t=238&amp;t=235&amp;t=228&amp;t=224&amp;t=205&amp;t=202&amp;t=201&amp;t=200&amp;t=183&amp;t=180&amp;t=178&amp;t=175&amp;t=199&amp;t=195&amp;t=188&amp;t=186&amp;t=172&amp;t=233&amp;t=225&amp;t=222&amp;t=219&amp;t=215&amp;t=213&amp;t=210&amp;t=204&amp;t=193&amp;t=191&amp;t=182&amp;t=179&amp;t=176&amp;t=173&amp;t=170&amp;t=166&amp;t=232&amp;t=223&amp;t=221&amp;t=214&amp;t=211&amp;t=208&amp;t=203&amp;t=192&amp;t=187&amp;t=181&amp;t=177&amp;t=174&amp;t=171&amp;t=169&amp;t=165&amp;t=163&amp;t=164&amp;t=161&amp;t=197&amp;t=194&amp;t=189&amp;t=184&amp;t=167&amp;t=144&amp;t=143&amp;t=142&amp;t=198&amp;t=196&amp;t=190&amp;t=185&amp;t=168&amp;t=147&amp;t=146&amp;t=145&amp;t=156&amp;t=155&amp;t=153&amp;t=151&amp;t=134&amp;t=133&amp;t=132&amp;t=131&amp;t=130&amp;t=129&amp;t=128&amp;t=137&amp;t=123&amp;t=136&amp;t=122&amp;t=120&amp;t=126&amp;t=118&amp;t=125&amp;t=114&amp;t=113&amp;t=112&amp;t=111&amp;t=110&amp;t=109&amp;t=108&amp;t=107&amp;t=106&amp;t=103&amp;t=102&amp;t=101&amp;t=116&amp;t=99&amp;t=98&amp;t=97&amp;t=96&amp;t=95&amp;t=94&amp;t=87&amp;t=86&amp;t=85&amp;t=84&amp;t=83&amp;t=82&amp;t=81&amp;t=90&amp;t=80&amp;t=79&amp;t=159&amp;t=158&amp;t=157&amp;t=154&amp;t=150&amp;t=152&amp;t=149&amp;t=148&amp;t=141&amp;t=140&amp;t=139&amp;t=138&amp;t=135&amp;t=127&amp;t=124&amp;t=121&amp;t=117&amp;t=115&amp;t=105&amp;t=104&amp;t=100&amp;t=93&amp;t=91&amp;t=89&amp;t=88&amp;t=78&amp;t=92&amp;t=77&amp;t=76&amp;t=75&amp;t=74&amp;t=73&amp;t=72&amp;t=71&amp;t=68&amp;t=67&amp;t=66&amp;t=69&amp;t=70&amp;t=65&amp;t=64&amp;t=63&amp;t=60&amp;t=61&amp;t=62&amp;t=59&amp;t=58&amp;t=46&amp;t=45&amp;t=57&amp;t=53&amp;t=52&amp;t=51&amp;t=43&amp;t=41&amp;t=56&amp;t=55&amp;t=54&amp;t=44&amp;t=42&amp;t=38&amp;t=50&amp;t=40&amp;t=39&amp;t=36&amp;t=35&amp;t=34&amp;t=33&amp;t=32&amp;t=31&amp;t=30&amp;t=29&amp;t=49&amp;t=48&amp;t=47&amp;t=37&amp;t=14&amp;t=5&amp;t=28&amp;t=27&amp;t=26&amp;t=25&amp;t=24&amp;t=23&amp;t=22&amp;t=21&amp;t=20&amp;t=19&amp;t=18&amp;t=17&amp;t=16&amp;t=15) - ByeBye has literally never been picked in any pro game ever. It's a bad talent for bad players. If you think it's good, it's because you're bad (or just misinformed).
No, but if you're alone as Chromie with an enemy Hunt Illidan, you're asking for it. Time Out does the same job if you're in base or near teammates without pulling you out of the fight, which is where you should be at all times in these circumstances.
So you're saying it's a bad talent that only reinforces bad habits. Also, the "back in time for fight" only applies if you're not already in the middle of the fight.
I'm aware of the interaction. I was just pointing out that ByeBye shouldn't ever really be picked outside of a very few niche situations.
Finance isn't a race. Wealth isn't having lots, it's needing less.
I already owe too much on this one. Maybe I can get a dealer trade in.
I think they're both different degrees of over-the-top campy action fantasy. D2 was creepy, but it certainly wasn't anywhere near horror. I don't think there was any point in that game where you were meant to feel helpless or scared (Duriel was a different issue).
If you like creepy satanic atmosphere, try Diablo 1. The lack of lighting and slow move speed mean there are very few enemies you can effectively kite, and vision radius is a sought-after stat. As close to the horror genre that Diablo games get.
Ah, so you're saying upgrade now and pay off the old one with renters. I'll probably just use a property management company for that to save me the hassle.
"The Giant swings his club and connects. Your body achieves escape velocity, and as the light fades from your eyes, Lydia continues to battle the Giant fearlessly. The guilt of abusing the carrying capacity of your follower dissipates as your soul enters Sovengarde surrounded by auroras and a field of stars."
I can't comment on this specific one without looking into it, but unless it's a driver running a specific piece of hardware, all the "Internet optimization" junk is just stuff that changes settings you can do manually with some overhead.
Personally, it depends on the group. One of mine loooves hard sci-fi with physics shenanigans and the like, while the other is more than happy to handwave it to tell a good story.
The trick to toads is to stack hard and early. Give the enemy melee a big bear hug and slam those in. You're less likely to die early on, and your deaths that do happen mean a little less. If you're not close to stacked by 10, you're likely going to struggle for the rest of the game.
Corpse Feeders are great if you're left alone in lane often. But if you're being left alone in lane often as Zag, you're probably winning anyways, and Infest will push much harder.
Yeah! I thought that show really had legs.
