Only 12 hours for all 5 episodes? Im pretty sure you missed a lot.
I dont feel like playing around with my drivers.. i did that earlier and everything fucked up.
Far Cry 3 was awesome. Far Cry 4 sucked.
Whats the secret?
Theres a tiny dick under the "y u no" alyssa meme in ep 4.
When i drove to work the next day, we had a heavy rain and some lightnings in the distance. "The Sense Of Me" playing on my cars radio wasnt a coincidence. This was so fucking strange.
But why nightmare.. she loves hawt dog man!
Its not like shes getting buried next to williams grave, and that her name is on the tombstone...
LIS is winning so many prizes, its fantastic.
Nathan is the kind of character you dislike in the beginning and start to like near the end.
I agree ^
The art gallery one was nice, everyone seems to forget about it. But overall im for the rachel outfit.
Argh thats not THE kiss you filthy vortex member.
Does anyone know why the console version is slightly more expensive than the PC copy?
First, german amazon said they deliver mine on 22nd, then got delayed to 26th, now to the 2nd of february. Whyyyyy :c
I did not expect that. Hella awesome!
Definitely not overrated. LIS just kicks every games ass in storytelling, and im not fanboying right now, ive played many other games and not a single one was as good as LIS. LIS was a game i could instantly feel myself into the character(s). The only other game that allowed me to do that was Far Cry 3. Plus its the first one that actually made me cry.
Black Ops 3 in so many categories? I cant take that site serious anymore.
I hella agree with you. I got hooked immediatly when i started this game, max's situation was so similar to mine in school.
Sounds a bit similar in some parts, but its still two different songs by different people.
Yep, i love the innocence and happy theme during ep 1 and 2, before we get into the deep lands of feeladelphia.
Mine has been delayed to 2nd of february... :c
Apple problems...
Turns out the release date for germany is the 29th january now. My previous deliveries were sheduled for 22nd, then 26th and now 2nd :(
Nah, LIS takes place in 2013. We didnt even know this game would exist back then.
No, not talking about her diary. Just the actual book you find ingame, its bigger than the one we'll be getting.
http://www.davidcsimon.com/LiS/ You might find something you like there.
I'd love to play nathan, lol.
Hes an interesting character and i'd like to know more about him. Warren is just a typical school loser tbh.
How about like... posting the working link?
Definitely the first one. I didnt like the second one in the game.. :c
You cant have a free cam nor a no-clip max to get your camera where you want it to be. What does "Talk" do?
Can you actually turn off ghost again so you can freely walk around? Youre forever a ghost if you use it as a keybind.
Amazon says its the 29th for some reason.
Erscheinungsdatum: 29. Januar 2016 Zustellung: Di., 2. Febr. What is this sorcery. Amazon even mailed me that the release was delayed.
That would be sooo mean. I bet you'd even PM me some pictures just to tease me.
32 if i recall correctly.
They said that on twitter sometime ago, its an option directly in the main menu. Most likely a video.
its a regular black/blue beanie, you can buy them anywhere.
The 1-hour long dev commentary and some minor changes like a different text from frank or a new position for the eggs.
I actually rendered myself a screensaver using all menu variants. :)
[Yes, i do](http://www2.pic-upload.de/img/29513717/lisv.png) I removed the credits text, so i get a blank screen when clicking on "Credits", i then recorded it and rendered it. :P
With my super slow internet and ~2GB for each one? Sorry, no. :D
I dont think so, its all rendered ingame and all the different visuals may loop at different times.
David wasnt even there as far as i know. Especially because you can get him suspended.
I agree.
21:9 will just break all the cutscenes, because you see stuff you shouldnt see.
Yes! I'd love to see more stuff similar to "Storm", "Sail Away", "Price" or "Forever"! :D
Thats quite kooL.
Max is made out of pure wife material! :D
Its crap.
Your best bet is probably the square enix store.
Some people experienced bugs with the first episode, sometimes in the second, where some sentences were cut off or not spoken at all. But those have been in the game since forever.
Well then... aim a little lower and shoot at the rolling guy?
Yet another no-skill C4 kill (:
I once rambo'd through the door at archives on bank and killed the 4 remaining guys.. i felt like a total badass.
You should definitely check out [Koethe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_YH1XwKYHHzRKMjiTg0Sow)s amazing work. Most of his songs are LIS-Inspired. :)
But it doesnt even come with a helicopter.
I hope not. After border I certainly dont want such super small maps anymore.
Its always funny when I see people run into the lights on the airfield.. :)
Well, I have a 4.37 KD with Blackbeard, and about ~1.5 with all others. Doesn't this say much already?
Oh my god. The buttcrack guy reference.. i died.
No, there is no confirmation other than some devs planning/wanting to do it. And I highly believe they're going to do it. There's no way DONTNOD and Square Enix are going to say NO to a Life Is 2 Strange. But don't expect anything before 2018. Their new game 'Vampyr' is set for 2017.
I actually loved the graphics.
Now I know why I always get killed when I try to hide in the closet on consulate...
They dont look similar at all.
"Life is... weird."
No, me and some friends filled up a large warehouse in one session and we didn't get a single rare item.
Whoa, almost looks like when you're looking out of a window.
Nope, the 1 out of every 10 runs is wrong. I've did a full large warehouse in one session with two friends and I did not get a single special item. You can have multiple special items in one warehouse.
Bought one, saw that it has no customization at all and the spare tires dont match with the actual tires, sold it again.
No, the "after every 10 successful buy mission" is a lie. I've had about 200 successful buy missions and a win rate of 100%, means I've never failed any of them, yet only got one item.
Uh... what makes you think I'd use "ugly ricer wheels"? I'd use offroad tires of course. I customize my vehicles with taste and not because "this item is the most expensive one, MUST USE IT!". I chose unique colors that fit the car, and not the most flashy ones.
Good thing i keep my cars tasteful instead! :D
06-11-16? Holy shit is it november already? ;D
I did not expect that. Thanks for making my morning less shitty. :D
I hella agree. This community rocks, although its getting less and less active members.. :(
1. Because Ubisoft. They make games for money, not for the players. 2. Because low playerbase. You dont want to wait 30 minutes to get opposition in your range.
It's a girl though. :)
The amount of topics, theories, reactions and discussions between every episode was amazing. So much fan art too! Shame you missed it, it certainly was one out of many things that made me love LIS.
Theres a little bit of change though, the guys working on vampyr arent the same as those who worked on life is strange.
They do if you pay attention to it. But the main side which allows for easy access is blocked and needs one of these super thin plate staplers. Theres a hand truck and a pallet on it in the large warehouse, that one looks the way it should.
But arcadius is actually the third best, its the cheapest after the maze bank west.
Yup, was like "shit, shouldve bought that sweet beach view office across the corner" and noticed its the second most expensive one.
Actually, its not. Especially with this cheat engine tool some guy made, its tricky to get into but once you know the keys its very easy. I've made an album of my favourite shots. http://imgur.com/a/jGdth :)
And you customize them all like a toddler with a bunch of coloring pens... :(
Oh, well then.. rockstar sucks at customizing stuff? :D
Honestly, it ain't worth it. The only use I found for them is Piracy Prevention VIP/CEO work and that you can get a helicopter when you load into online. But with the offices, you can simply call any of your pegasus helis now.. :P
This has been mentioned a few times. :)
One can only hope for a blackbeard nerf.
I think only epoch/overpoch is left. Origins should have some players left too.
It's E when you have the on-screen prompt. If you sit down, you have to press Enter to access the computer, this will automaticly turn you into a CEO. Interaction menu (M) when the prompt is gone and you're not close to your computer.
Might aswell add the homing launcher, insurgent and armored kuruma to that list...
That usually sends my car to simeons dock...
Um.. i guess your character is drunk too, the way she holds that AUG...
No, sledge has one on his sledgehammer and all defenders have one when pulling down barricades.
15€ for me. I love the after-release prices of limited items.. :D
Why not? Just fill it up when you feel like it and make the most profit when you've finally got it full.
Deep inside I wish DONTNOD would have chosen bae as cannon, so they could create season 2 with max and chloe... :(
What's so special about them? These are everywhere, at least in my country.
Threw mine in the ocean because it was just too fuckin fast and it was about 30k.
Tested it with a friend just now, he blew it up and paid 20.000$. Seems like thats the maximum limit.
No.
Yes! Good old PS3 glitch. :^)
All you have to do is remain un-spotted in the start and your enemies probably won't look for kapkan traps because there's no kapkan. Either way, you can hide them perfectly behind shields or combine them with other map items next to the door. Sometimes i put up a barricade, punch a hole in it and hide the trap right above or below the hole, so they die when they vault through. Also, place your traps around the map, not to the obj room. :)
Yet its so unknown amongst people. Imagine where it would be if everyone would know it!
Go start up a terrorist hunt mission and edit him there, if time runs out, exit and do another one.
You should check out the E3 trailer. THAT downgrade is real.
The professionalism. Telltale games are good, but they don't seem as realistic as LIS. Might be because there is way more content, side-stories and other things in it. I also prefer the way you chose things in Life Is Strange. In telltale games, you have a short timer which forces you to chose without thinking properly, plus people are almost always talking in the background while you're making your choices mid-conversation.
Oi mate why so angry?
It's an issue with the demo, a friend reported the same to me and I had no idea how to fix it for him so I just bought it for him and it worked.
It only grows when selling the crates, but disappears when you buy things.
While this is quite confusing, all games should make it like that.
Well, it's on sale atm. Half the price :P
For most people, 6 days isn't plenty of time and easily passed. I can assure you that it is worth it, if you can relate to the characters and the game, which the demo should help you with, to a certain point.
I know. Being a hardcore LIS fans has its side effects... :P
Sea weed?
I somehow did the same, the tugboat spawned at the famous pegasus helipad, my friend went to drive it and I parked my insurgent on the back because why the hell not? A minute in we start to get to the waves, it went good for about 2 minutes, and then suddenly we get a quite high jump from one of the waves, the tug dives straight into the next wave and sends the insurgent flying and it hits the front of the boat. It ended up in the water but the boat didnt flip. Hillarious moment though!
Isn't even that long to be honest.
It looks really awkward how GTA just does not want you to drift and tries to force you back on track all the time.
Yep, they are.
"EZ-LOAD RAMP" i cringed.
What the hell is that
Its literally the same game. You're just forced to use steam if you have the steam version.
Yeah but.. how? It isn't even at sky level.
RSS has quite bad pings at all times. I'm usually at ~20ms in all games I play, RSS ramps it up to 80-120, and even worse for some other players.
Das ist bei Steam immer so, wenn du bundles kaufst. Ep1 ist das spiel und Ep2-5 ist ein "DLC".
This is VIP/CEO spawned, not Pegasus. And these always spawn on car paths, so it's your own fault for spawning it in there. :^)
Yes.
Your argument is ridiculous. "Skill, Good players" - yeah the SMG11 doesn't require skill at all.
Its almost as fast as the X80 on straights.. i slowly regret buying the X80.
&gt; with vampires nope
Zombies aren't really a problem. There are a few here and there and if you fire inside cities you'll spawn more and they'll attack you, but they are no real threat. ArmA 2 DayZ had a large portion of zombies and those could fuck up your day.
The hype train to feeladelphia!
Even with the regular sights it felt a bit too easy, like a primary. I used it with the reflex sight for ages because I thought "acog on a high recoil smg? how stupid". Then i found out how op the acog is on it.
I think your right foot is broken.
If the icon stays, I wont buy the game. Simple as that. :)
Definitely doesn't look like 1 month after if you check how most villages/citys look like.
These items are long gone and can only be grown by yourself now, if you find the seeds.
This is a static object and not actual dead bodies. Arma 2 piles look bad though, they clip into eachother.
Please dont become a kuruma douchebag.
Hardcore is too "softcore" for me. Almost every gun one shot kills, wheres the fun/skill in that? Don't know about classic though.
The game wants you to drink jerry cans.
Report back with his reactions once hes done!
Please quote where I said that I want spotting to be gone entirely. Because I didn't.
Gronkh for the german people under us. :)
Looks like there are no custom subtitles, it only shows German (automatic) on my end. Might try it for yourself and check if the sentences make sense.
Well TWD had the newest season in 2016.
Not necessarily, it could have fallen through the ground and into the garage. Happened to me a couple times.
The quotes make them look pretty unprofessional imho, they'd be a lot better without them.
This actually is how you make printed money look real and used, by "washing" them dry with random things like poker chips.
The [current gen version](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/gtawiki/images/b/b1/PoliceCruiser2-GTAV-front.png/revision/latest?cb=20151213211707) actually looks like the cruiser, so there's that. :p
I think the crown victorias look rather strange in gta, I've always preferred the buffalo. :p Did you know that there are actually 2 tuning kits for the taurus/new cruiser? You can add spoilers, bumpers, skirts, hoods, grilles and pushbars.
The offices should've been bigger. There's so many doors, yet it's smaller than all the high end apartments.
What? They're crispy HD.
Fun fact: He still had both his grenades in his inventory, and couldn't throw them later on, he would infinitely hold it in his hand until he switched weapons.
Where? I'm never seeing the false releases on PC. :l
Budget Blackbeard
If you're in silent step, you can press reload and start sprinting without cancelling the reload.
I'd love some more maps in a storm, kanal at night just doesn't cut it.
I don't think so, I couldn't get it to work while being outside of silent step.
As long as it's harmless "hacking" like this, it's perfectly fine.
This was a session in a crew, they all knew eachother and no one would just take off and go on a rampage with the provided vehicle.
Yeah, it's good you added a picture of an almost tastefully modified car.
I just gave you a compliment and you say I'm mad. Alright then.
I never even mentioned anything about rockstar or a difference between fun and unfair cheating. I do know that rockstar bans for extremely silly things now, so yeah. Concerning getting banned, I'll probably never get banned. I'm not glitching or modding in any way, and we only mod in FiveReborn aka. p/\, which is completely disconnected from GTA's online services.
Wouldn't really call it rare, I've seen plenty people with it already. Btw, it's only 90.000 Renown for Season Pass holders.
When we had the 50% bonus earlier, it did not count to the two collections I sold.
8747
Neither did that raise.
Might be that they patched it, haven't played for weeks. It did work previously though.
Aw shit, they must've patched it. :c
You can stick to release times. The story continues all the way, only michonne is a story on its own and not related to the game. So it would be S1, S1-400 Days, S2, The New Frontier, and toss michonne somewhere in there. Preferably after S2, that's when it got released.
I always thought a DLC-set containing mini-stories for characters like David, Nathan, Frank, etc. would be awesome.
I always hate when people say "this game only has 2 endings, all my choices were pointless/filler content!". It's like saying all the decisions in your life are pointless because in the end you'll die a natural death or you get killed by something. Your choices matter, a LOT. In almost every dialogue. You should check the choices-tree, it splits in thousands of dialogues.
Yes, but it originated from Payday 2. The DayZ devs just added the 4 original heist masks for lols.
Can't do that in siege though
And the comment I replied to implied that he did not use a macro, but bound it to his mouse wheel instead. Now you come and say it is possible with a macro, which is a completely different topic. What we meant was binding "shoot" to the mousewheel in siege itself, without a macro. That is not possible.
Same here, made an account solely to post in this subreddit, and ultimately learned to love reddit. This action sure had consequences...
It's not that hard. Me and a friend picked up two randoms from a lobby and did it with them on the first try, all you have to do is play all heists in a row on hard without dying, and thats easy with the heist armor.
Call it upvotes instead on this one.
I wish we could turn off enemy chat, and only read team chat.
Those wheels must handle like you're driving on an ice rink.
Still one hell of a downgrade if you look at the current game.
You can outrun them easily though. Unless your stamina is low.
Nice idea. This would make many maps less frequent though. Only offering one map option, and a "skip/random" button would be nice.
Bozak Horde is pretty much a one-time play (unless you play on the hardest difficulty and it takes many tries to win), and the rewards are meh. The following comes with it though so I'd say it's worth it. All the other DLCs are unnecessary.
Naah, too much colors.
Well, bad phrasing. Not certainly too much colors, but too many in-your-face colors that don't fit weapons at all.
It's just a nuke in a truck trailer/train cart and the same thing happens as in the actual nuke ending.
They got rid of everyone and everything that way in all the endings, and it does seem very cheap. S3 was a huge let down compared to the old ones to a majority of the fans already.
What exactly is the different in the enhanced edition? You wrote "better looking game", I did not notice something like that though?
Not really, go out in the night and climb stuff. Preferably oldtown because there's a lot of shit to climb.
Guess why he left out that part :^)
She did
Professional bandit player spotted, didn't place a single battery.
hm.. electrify some barb wire? Not really effective on bomb, I agree.
Probably faulty spawns for the bridge, zombies often spawn so they instantly fall down roofs or bridges.
And a couple other maps. It doesn't make much sense to spawn next to a campfire on chalet though, unless you just came out of the woods rather than being proximity deployed in a vehicle.
Gadgets destroyed in the prep phase should get back to the inventory of the owner, similar to when you rip down a castle barricade.
please no
Excluding gunfire, of course. I mean like stuff that gets destroyed by reinforcing something, opening hatches or other stuff.
If it's something LIS related, it's probably Hannahs And Niks Episode 3 playthrough, most likely with Ashly.
Working in a store that sells laptops, the cheap price range (non-gaming) often brings back angry customers, and the ASUS support is absolutely horrible. Just for your information. :) Then again I've had an ASUS gaming screen for my PC for over 3 years now and it's still in perfect condition.
They did that before, and those streams were hosted on the square enix twitch channel.
Did you know that the length of your **PRISON SENTENCE** depends on the amount of cocaine you're caught with?
Not as a whole new season, but mini episodes for the backstory of Frank, Chloe, Nathan or even Rachel as DLCs would be awesome.
It's really not much. Don't worry. :)
Wait what, I don't get it.
190%*
I see you luxor on FIB and raise you a [Cargo Plane on Maze Bank](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ZggUQChI0gI/maxresdefault.jpg)
Please refrain yourself from using "xD" anywhere in the future. Thanks.
How is that superior? You trade in so much field of view for a little bit wider enemies, and even that only happens if you play on a widescreen.
I've came across a few people who seriously thought 4:3 stretched is better than 16:9.
Yeah, it's just a leftover paint texture from that wall. It's seperated from the actual drywall model so it remains floating there.
That's not the lighting, its a leftover paint texture that is not part of the wall you destroyed. Still a bug nontheless though.
Can't deny that though, can you? Epoch is called "DayZ Epoch" and it's one of the many mods for "ArmA 2 DayZ".
Just walk up from the ramp side, and get into the car. Nobody will attack you because they think you're the stuntman. You can then take off in peace and drive to your Warehouse without getting chased. I wonder how you managed to get a 10k damage out of that stunt, it's incredibly easy.
I've got a miljet, its huge and unique and okay speed. But Luxor and Nimbus are faster. I think Nimbus is the fastest multi seater plane right now. Might aswell mention that Luxor is just a Shamal with a different paintjob.
With a 3 armor op, you can even run through double doors with a kapkan trap, as long as you stick to the opposite side of the trap.
Well the limit is obviously only there to prevent glitches.
[See for yourself :)](https://youtu.be/ZKE-DiKWMt8?t=3m3s)
It's patched.
Meh.. I filled the entire airplane once and my game crashed after 2 kills.
If it's not, explain to me why I immediatly get kicked out of the clubhouse as soon as I walk up the ramp? I even own the exact same clubhouse I walk out of.
My clubhouse is full of random bikes, faggios or not shouldn't matter. I did try respawning while it fades to black, and while my character is walking out. I'll try again soon.
Not neccessarily a ramp, I brainfarted while typing that. By ramp I mean the roof you spawn ontop of when using this job.
Since caveira's pistol can't kill, you just go and down the hostage and revive it over and over.
So I keep getting instantly kicked out of my clubhouse, and i ALWAYS spawn with my car, never on foot. I can't even reach the dart board before i get kicked out. Any Idea whats wrong? Is it because I'm on PC with a SSD, or that no other player is with me?
Use the silencer, and people will never know that you're glaz, and they keep peeking you.
yup. havent felt much of a shots to kill difference indoors though, because the range isn't as extreme.
Looks like she went to del perro pier to do some allahu akbar with a bunch of people.
&gt; dont ask me how But why, you are the one who dropped it there.
The grappling hook kinda ruined the game for me, it's fun but in the end just breaks your immersion and converts the game from a parkour game where you have to watch your surroundings into a spider man game where you can go wherever you want to go. For the screaming child monster, it initially didn't appear throughout the game until you first discovered it in that apartment building where you plant bombs, some DLCs later on added them (and a bunch of other special zombies) to the free world from the beginning. With the skill tree, I don't know what difficulty you played on, but after playing and finishing the whole game (including following and all side quests) I didn't max out a single tree, hardest difficulty the game gave me.
&gt; I can't tell you how many times that caused me to either jump into a swarm of zombies or just straight-up fall to my death. You can avoid that by holding the jump key, you can then look somewhere else and jump towards there, or just slowly slide down again.
*cool*
Unless they update or add new vehicles, only the Sadler, Bison and Bobcat XL can tow trailers.
&gt; It looks good with most weapon skins. What, barely any skin fits it because the yellow/tan is so out of place unless you take something equally bright.
It does stand out, but ultimately doesn't fit to the weapon at all.
Black fits to every color though, unlike a yellow tan. And it makes skins look more colorful.. which is horrible imho. But each to his own taste.
Oh yeah, true that. I remember.
It is yellow *tan*. Google it if you don't believe me. And yes, that's your opinion. You're right, that's no reason to downvote - that's why I did not downvote you.
It got stuck in what seems to be a jar.
Some vehicles do allow you to stand on it without falling though.
During the day, you'll have outside lighting. If your mod shop window faces the sun, that is.
Yeah, video game bangs that aren't really possible in real life without a bucket of hair spray that makes it look like shit.
It most likely spawns them in with a random pedestrian in it, which needs to be there in order to hack the trams controls. And considering it's a monument, it wouldn't make sense for someone to sit in there, and made the person invisible. Would've been smarter to have them un-hackable, as they're not really operated by something, just pulled by cables as you said. You can't hack regular doors or dogs either.
Don't know, that might be illegal in some states.
Because full auto &gt; semi auto, especially after the CAMRS nerf? Its recoil is extremely high, side-to-side recoil is also pretty high so *just pull your mouse down* doesn't always work, especially on range. Adding a grip to it wouldn't really help either.
Video game character bouns! You always look good, no matter what situation you're in.
It does work fine for me too, no problems playing it. Though damage/performance wise it makes absolutely no sense to have so much more recoil than every other weapon in the game. It is used in pro play because a full auto weapon is always better than a semi auto, especially in close quarters. And this is definitely not the first post, people started mentioning it with the introduction of buck.
For bursts and even single firing the recoil is still extreme for what it is. Manageable, but unnecessarily high.
That's just an *illusion*
Probably because they didn't want to spend thousands of dollars on professional photo shootings again, considering they had one session for all year 1 screens. With year 2 season 1 they just took a blurry picture of coastline with mira and jackal in bad lighting, and now they took 4 screenshots of hereford and used doc in bad lighting.
*Amazon Prime has delivered special cargo.*
I like how they buffed his rifle earlier, then buffed his gadget, now they nerf his rifle even harder. Speaking of seeing people through smoke, IQ used to be able to do that, required another operator to throw smokes for her and only had a pistol with rough outlines of obstacles behind the smoke, but removed it because *it's a bug* and now we have glaz with the same thing, but better.
Doesn't justify to give it extreme recoil. The shotgun magazine can be used as a grip, and so can the regular magazine, although the regular magazine won't be that stable. If anything, it should have less recoil because heavier weapons kick less.
Better go with Life Is Strange in that case.
Not even the same guy.
Ah, one of the (apparently few) people who chose the *right* ending. Welcome to the PLISD club. :')
It does, but pretty much every single person on the internet that played LIS sacrificed arcadia.
Action completed!
Not this time.
Only with the new vehicles, and the MOC has to be stationary in order to enter it. It acts as an interior and you're not actually inside the trailer.
Nope, can't drop it for your friends either. Everyone that wants Mk II weapons needs to buy a bunker and a moc.
Nope.
Can you try the AA missiles on the APC? Some people said they can't lock onto any vehicles/aircraft, which makes it a waste of money imho.
The APC AA attachment. The trailer can lock.
Hmm... can you drive a Dump into it, too?
Apparently this doesn't work with MC businesses anymore, unsure if it works with the bunker.
Definitely, solely because you can actually aim with this one.
It's part of a bodyguard outfit, and you need to do a glitch on a yacht or the shower, depending if you're a bodyguard or CEO. I did this ages ago when the offices have been released, I doubt those glitches still work though.
Definitely feels better.
The Slamvan, as an actual van instead of a pickup.
More like 4 and a half.. if I'd see a bus standing a tiny bit on my spot, I wouldn't park there.
Tried this on PC, instantly closing the game and the launcher via task manager once Fast-Tracking became available. Upon going back to a friends session after loading into singleplayer, I was greeted by the same project with the first progress of research. Does not work. //Edit: I only clicked fast track, not confirmed fast tracking due to OP not mentioning it. Going to try with buying it now. //Edit²: Tried it by confirming the purchase now. It took my money, showed me that I've got a camo as the next project and killed my game. Upon rejoining, the game took my money, all my research progress and I'm still on the Assault Rifle Heavy Barrel project, effectively doing nothing but taking my money away.
Just tried it, I lost my money and my research progress, and I still have the same project as before, I didn't even get a new one.
Because you didn't buy the Living Quarters for your Bunker.
Freezing your gta5.exe in the resource monitor for 10-15 seconds and then unfreezing it does the job even better and works every single time, because you don't get booted out but everyone else does.
No, you'll actually stay in your lobby and everyone else leaves that way.
At least he doesn't call me all the time.
Smart. I'll stick to various vehicles though, my office is close by and R* tends to flag vehicle bonds as unsellable.
These HMMWVs usually come with one though.
Even in that case, such a vehicle would be quite overpowered with the ability to shoot out of it.
The research isn't really needed for the weapons, you can already get most of the stuff you need instantly. The scopes make no difference (except for the Heavy Sniper) and the only thing that's worth it via research is the heavy barrel, extending the range. You still gotta toss ~4mil for a bunker and the moc though, and then 100-200k for each weapon, plus ~20k for each attachment (you have to re-purchase grips and everything)
Don't even need to wait at the bridge. Just continue driving until you run into them, then jump into the barracks and the insurgent and gun down the savages.
Why don't you guys just start a motorcycle club and return it to storage if you see it falling into water?
If you're a ceo/mc, the corresponding sub-menus will always be on the very top of your menu.
That wasn't even for console.
You're hacking unsuspecting players. He will only know that you're there if you start the download on him, or be obvious around him (hack random things, drive cars un-NPC-like, etc..)
whereo abouto is your rancho though?
If you're in a solo lobby, you'll get enemies in kurumas all the time when exporting. If theres at least one player in the lobby (who is not your associate), you'll get no enemies. It has always been this way.
Don't bother stopping to kill them, it's not worth the time waste to farm them until all the waves are over. Rather save yourself some time and drive to the drop with 2k damage.
Oh, are they? Never paid attention, I've seen both charging me with monster aim. Was busy running away from them rather than fighting them.
You kinda have to with the piss poor damage and accuracy that pistol has. I only ever ADS with him when I'm 100% sure the enemy is blinded, or hasn't seen me yet.
It's a small notification in the corner of your screen, and ultimately helps you because you'll know if you injured someone. You won't know that without it.
It's funny that people are blaming Rockstar, while it's Take Two actually doing this massive failure. Rockstar has always allowed singleplayer modding. Hell in IV they even allowed multiplayer modding, but seperated players with modded files from regular players.
Thermite, Hibana and Mira can still breach both layers.
Why are the steering wheels on the wrong side? ^^^^/s
He means that there's a story behind it. "Bus crashed, people tried to run away from the bus but died" etc.
Considering you can complete a terrorist hunt capture hostage in under a minute, they'd never do that. Remember when people idled TH for hours while afk to get renown and xp for doing nothing?
For me, Dying Light had amazing gameplay, until I unlocked the Grappling hook. I find it kind of overpowered and it almost completely takes away the parkour aspect of the game. It is fun to toy around with but I'd have preferred if it wasn't in the game.
It also plays at the vortex club party.
Bunker cameras kicked me after 15 minutes.
Yeah, I tried farming research that way. I'm on PC, if that matters.
Hence why I said 15 minutes, I am aware of the focus loss/windowed thing.
It's a flat and even surface, so running shoes with a rubber sole combined with momentum makes this easier than it looks.
I just exhaled a bit stronger than usual. Thanks.
Ahhh yes.. ghibli owners.
Maps need to be in your inventory in order to be able to use them.
While I absolutely want more of Max, Chloe, Rachel and Arcadia Bay, I don't think it would work out well. Many games did that before the continue the hype about it, and messed up.
Everyone got this ending.
Deep inside he only wants to help joyce and chloe, but the way he expresses himself and wants things done is absolutely disgusting.
That's what pissed me off so much. They even said that I should stop creating tickets about my "illegal funds" or they would take further actions against my account.
When I read that you could do freeroam activities with your friends, like arm wrestling or tennis, I was super hyped for pool and bowling, but they didn't even include that...
Yeah don't do that.
It's okay.
Same, though I own his elite set so I'm pissed.
Honor?
Looks even worse when you install one of the other engine covers.
But also the least safest way.
That's a lame excuse though. A short ass video that can be compressed into a bik takes less data than a uniform w/ 4k texture pack.
God don't remind me. I absolutely hated this "feature".
Let's not mention the 10 speed drone
Picture doesn't open, and you should probably re-upload to imgur. Discord tends to deleted their pictures after a while.
That's why I stopped playing ranked and went to casual instead. It gets so boring playing the same couple maps over and over.
It's a easter egg for the last of us.
I had a somewhat similar feeling during that scene, and then my buddy came sprinting towards the room and dropkicked the shit out of that kid. I was laughing so hard at that moment it completely took me out of my immersion.
This happens to me all the time... the only difference is that its usually a teammate at the end of the barrel.
Black Ice sends regards.
They should finally allow us to store them. The cruiser you see 99% of the time even has two completey tuning kits for it, including front and rear bumpers, skirts, grilles/pushbars, hoods and spoilers.
But he was playing a scav.
I went into a raid with the stuff, went prone in a bunch of bushes nearby and waited until the timer had 5 minutes left and dropped the items first try. Though if you happen to get a beach spawn, instantly run to it and drop it.
Oops. Somehow didn't connect your comment to his comment...
&gt; and b. you need a long range weapon on offense SMG-11
Not on PC that is, you can't rev the engine unless you plug in a controller.
You only know 3? Oh my sweet summer child.
in the what?
&gt; Twitch is not countering the trap meta nearly hard enough. And this change just makes it even worse. People will toss their drones into the objective and zap random people 5 times, it's useless anyway.
Unequip his elite uniform, equip this, and use his elite weapon skin. ^^^It's ^^^something.
One twitch drone and 2 regular drones, that is.
That's deserved. This one map in particular needs to be deleted or heavily reworked.
All throwables are 5, except hibanas pellets and I think GU mines.
He actually meant 11/9, which stands for 11th september in most countries. Both formats are correct.
What a coincidence, I also saw them tomorrow!
Perhaps he has one of those 20-key mouses.
So after all, this is actually his true character, and not just show. hmmm
Those are the same people that usually claim "I'll never shop here ever again!". Thank god my managers are chill so I'm "allowed" to answer how I want - which is usually "Thank you, have a nice day, we'll see you in a week."
That doesn't work, the alarms go off randomly when passing through, and the alarms aren't synced across every client in the first place.
No, not really. No one would use the other 3, way more obstructive sights because of "personal preferences". Go play the russians with their cobra sight if you want something like the coyote.
&gt; instead of making "one big game" I mean, they're sort of doing that with R6 Siege now.
That was fixed long ago.
So much teamwork constantly holding X during prep phase.
Hey they already fixed that bug! ^^For ^^one ^^window ^^on ^^house.
[But he already has a charm](https://i.imgur.com/p8AVwPK.jpg)
Amazing car. It's fucking sad europe doesn't have these kind of cars..
Video Game High School my dude.
Platinum, Gold, Gemstones, Black Ice and Glacier all suffer the same issue, just tossed a paint bucket over the whole gun. It's a shame, really. They look good on some weapons where they paid attention to detail (like the M45 MEUSOC) but on most weapons they look pretty damn bad. Platinum once used to be my favourite skin, until the new operators also started paint bucketing their weapons with it.
He's in a office building, hes not the only one using it. Theres tons of offices in such a building.
No, they're literally poured over the whole gun like the other skins.
That's such a time waste. Why didn't you just download the video and upload it again if you want to re-post something? Much faster.
Haven't touched my folder for like 2 years now.
Can you just drive your ruiner 2k into it? It isn't even a traditional personal vehicle, it has its own special spot in a special garage.
Probably had more effort than some other stuff on the main page these days.
Your reshade is a little bit too extreme.
Though this won't stop people from zapping defenders.
Heh.. remember the old days in GTA IV when you took some random mule, reversed towards people and just shot them? Those were the days.
But if I ignore them they're happy about what they're doing and laugh at you for being a "fucking pussy". I have way more fun driving them mad and then leaving them in their frustration. They deserve it. Why should I play nice when all they do is try to fuck everyone up?
Must have on shotguns and shield pistols. Only use them if you have a fast playstyle and can't easily be tracked down by the dot you're projecting onto the surface you're aiming at. Not suitable for slow playstyle unless you always try to hide your laser, which becomes more of a problem when holding angles. Keep in mind that people will also spot you more easily because of the blinding laser on your weapon, which will become a huge flare if you look towards people.
It's still ridiculous that this is even a legendary skin. You can buy the same skin for the shotgun, and only costs a couple renown.
Shouldn't have cheated then. Battleye bans are for cheats, manual bans (like for toxicity) happen via FairFight.
It still tightens hipfire spread, you fire them from the hip in most games so a lot of people tend to do the same in siege. But if you only ADS with shotguns, the laser doesn't change anything.
Just step away 1 more meter and it's the same size again
It's unique!
Which is funny because the L85 has been proven to be complete shit irl multiple times.
And he mentioned it IRL, I gave an answer to that.
I am aware, but isn't it rumored that it's still a lot worse than the army rifles of other countries?
Why would anyone want the diamond skin?
Natürlich sinds yeezys.
The slogans are literally the best thing on this series.
You can disable that.
You know you can grab ladders mid-fall?
Theres a little easter egg on the roof where they climbed up, a little football field with some gnomes on it.
To be fair thermite is just using rubbing alcohol and the same thing would work in real life.
You're not going to use those yellow uniforms and headgears anyway.
Same happens with the Buffalo S.
Oh damn, didn't even see that. Nice.
Considering that thing is almost stationary while flying, it wouldn't even be hard. [But this, this is hard.](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ZggUQChI0gI/maxresdefault.jpg)
Yeah, the titan and cargobob too. Though you cant put vehicles into the cargobob.
And super ugly.
Though it isn't anything alpha-pack worthy, as you can just buy them for a couple renown.
What's with it?
FYI your ram isn't the issue. I'm running 32gb and I'm stuck with 30-40 fps on most parts of various maps, especially shoreline.
Desync. People shooting me before they even turn the corner, people warping through doors, etc.
That small pumping station on factory.
I get these constantly on my tablet, and the only thing I do on it is watch a couple youtubers that aren't related to siege or gta at all.
Holy shit how is it 3 years old already.
They do, I killed a couple of thatchers I only spotted just because of their helmet at night.
And that dude from fortnite stole it somewhere else, this meme is so old memes didn't even exist back then.
This was actually the easiest of them all yet :p
the fuck
would have*
Same. I liked the characters. It was also super unexpected and weird hearing the voice of Jefferson (from Life is Strange) on Randall.
Yup yup. Genuinely loved to hate him.
Why the hell would you do that? Just lift the scissor lift with a forklift, that's high enough to climb in. Unless they patched that because no fun allowed.
"rich cars" That car is easily affordable for the average person, as long as you take the most basic one ever, this one looks like a base model.
Honestly doesn't even look like a wrap.
Why would he? You don't buy a car just to sell it again.
Ikr? Why don't just shove it into some corner and pick it up when the GRE doesn't care anymore? Or why don't just take them with you anyway? Why do they send out so many vials anyway, just to tell him to destroy them? SO MANY QUESTIONS!
... I did.
I think everyone knows that the intended name minus stylizing is Don't Nod. But did you know that it's also Don't Nod if you read it backwards?
Phantom has the higher top speed though.
Also manchmal wenn ich morgens ausschlafen will, hör ich das plätschern der Dusche. Also ein bisschen fühl ich mit dir. Ü
And it's alway two lowercase names seperated by a underscore.
Nope. Bullets hit the very top of the triangle.
Great. Now I can't unsee that and always read OOOM when I see that logo.
Can you elaborate why? I haven't shared my password, nor the e-mail address or my account name anywhere. I haven't even saved my password on my PC, yet someone got access to my account.
As far as my security programs can tell, there's nothing on my PC that would track something like that, none of my other accounts (i have many) that I log into manually haven't been touched either.
Haven't ever touched any facebook quizzes or games, also bought the game in december and used a unique password for EFT. It seems very unlikely that they actually hijacked my account via my PC. And about origin, my account was hijacked there, also with russian security questions. But that happend to like... almost everyone due to a data breach or something. And regarding emails, I never, ever touch my emails unless I need to register somewhere or confirm something, so I have never opened any mails that I didn't need to.
Security programs are AVG, windows defender, and malwarebytes. Paid versions. For browsing, chrome with said programs extensions, and ublock origin.
Only buy supplies (or fill the bar) once, and sell once that's completed. That way, it's always one vehicle, and unlike crates, you don't get more cash for holding more stock, so you don't lose out on anything.
That's EFT for you. You should always move instead of staying stationary. The peeker advantage is massive right now.
That, and the non-existant recoil on meta guns, are the main things that make me dislike EFT.
Oh no, that poor spider bro.
&gt; Casual has the same matchmaking mechanic, elo is just hidden. I'm aware, but it never seems as imbalanced as ranked, not talking about ranks here.
&gt; but I feel for those that are still in search of their Oppressor missiles. One less person without oppressor missles is one less potential griefer. I'm fine with that :p
Casual rank =/= ranked rank. Casual works just like ranked does, but has it's own rank, which you can't see. It's also a bit easier on the rank limit, to find quicker matches.
He's requesting to remove a intended feature that isn't broken in any way, that's why.
Peekers advantage exists in every game and can't be removed. Lag just makes it even more of an advantage.
where did they come from cotton eye joe
This is more or less accurate. They're from the comic books. Their looks and the farmhouse (+ barn) don't look like the show at all.
&gt; No vertical non hatch play I actually like that about tower... same about yacht. It adds a breath of fresh air to siege and makes a unique experience. The map itself isn't suitable for competitive play at all though.
Weapon skin bundles come with the weapon skin and a charm. You can also buy the skin individually, and they are universal.
The platinum skin used to be like this, but since skull rain, they stopped giving a fuck and just started wrapping the whole gun instead.
He's actually not. This was only introduced with the update that retextured Bank. I believe it was White Noise.
HDMI and VGA, but no DVI? Do people even use VGA these days?
He added a /s. Sarcasm.
This isn't just one, but multiple operators T-Posing. Oregon has one transparent operator in its loading screen too.
Watch it frame by frame, it's not squishy. It looks like it's a little bit squishy, but it's just her finger clipping through.
What's this? Budget reddit gold?
Well, there's still the pro league skin for his shield :p
Sowas tun wir hier nicht. Hier wird wortwörtlich übersetzt.
If you played the following, there's nothing new that's worth returning to. There's a few content drops, but nothing game changing, just some reskinned enemies and some yummy looking weapons that are all worse than the ones you find in the wild. And the prison heist of course, which looks and feels like a community-map that just throws every type of enemy at you at once.
The crosshair is bigger than maestro, this was just unlucky RNG. Laser doesn't mean that your bullets with go there, otherwise you wouldn't have to ADS ever.
All of their games will have LiS references.
By the time you reach this quest, you should probably have collected a bunch of these dog tags by now.
It's edgy just to suit the edgy players that used to main her in her overpowered state. Though after her rebalance, it doesn't make sense anymore.
Technically yes, as you're using elas icon. But I was speaking about her icon (just like you) and not your flair to be precise.
His revolver is pretty damn strong actually. It's like the GIGN revolver without the retarded recoil, and a faster reload.
The animation had been leaked a couple times. Pretty much just him brushing off his medals on his uniform.
Abandoned because it wasn't received well, and you could very easily recreate that elite set with the brown uniform and his vintage headgear.
Dann kommt man in der Regel aber auch zu spät, und verpasst natürlich jeden Zug zu dem du umsteigen musst.
wooosh
Right? There are so many sexy parking lots around the map, yet everyone holds their meetings in this ugly ass backyard by LSC.
Check the line between the attackers and defenders. Thank me later.
Hell yes. It's the most fun when played with friends, but it only gets immersive if you play it alone.
I don't like how this map doesn't have a night variant.
oof
I've seen like 5 cheaters in 1500 hours, BattlEye is fantastic in siege.
&gt; Moving those spawns is about 3minutes work for ubisoft Remember when they were like "oh no we can't do this and we have to rebuild the whole map" for moving the spawns on kanal, even boarding up a very important window with a indestructible metal sheet, so you couldn't properly defend servers anymore? Only for them to remove that window blockage again in the next patch, adding a few props to the spawn zone and moving the spawns themselves into cover? That's ubisoft for you. Btw, moving the truck wouldn't take longer than moving the spawns, it's just a prop with collisions you can freely move around.
And then the camera zooms into nothing, showing that the air is the MVP.
To be honest it's just there because of the free charms.
It's a nice car, but the carbon hood and spoiler don't suit it at all.
*This action will have consequences.*
Depends on the size of your pockets, and the size of your travel wallet. That's not something the internet can tell you.
You can remove them using lasers, but that shit is expensive, and usually leaves traces or scars.
A lot of people. And for some reason they also put sport wheels with custom tires on them.
Speed doesn't matter to some people. It's barely even faster in the first place.
That's great for you.
I'll play them as soon as possible. That way, the game will stay with me throughout the whole year, with a lot of fan theories and discussions and fan-art inbetween, rather than a game you play in one or two sessions and forget about it again. You'll also be constantly hyped for the next episode.
&gt; Like that fat lady who broke her leg stealing shit that shit was gold
How the hell does anything on that car look cool?
That badge isn't even chrome in the first place.
Frost rug meta
Perhaps because I mainly play casual? Hell I don't know. Have seen one nameless teleporter this season. Maybe I just don't get salty when someone kills me so I don't scream "HES CHEATING!!!!" all the time.
I only see 4 elites
Some states don't require any vehicle check ups at all, all you need is the fact that it drives and the lights work.
I wonder how that even went through. It's pure RNG, you have no cover, can't heal more than a couple times, and you get dozens of enemies spammed at you faster than you could ever shoot them. And then the rest of the game was quite easy on hard. It's so inconsistent.
*It's rae-rae at the pumpkin farm!*
samsung s8 wie neu funksion gut 1-A!! *gebrochenes display, lautstärke taste fehlt, fingerabdruck sensor defekt*
Speaking of click to look, is it the drag and drop feature like in the original, or the annoying click + wasd like BTS did?
Skull rain is in the wrong order. Platinum is Diamond and vice versa.
You understood it - that's all that matters!
At one point, throwing the echo drone actually did damage.
Well, he used to have a huge red hook/screw coming out of the other side of the wall, so it did make sense at one point.
I think that wasn't the main reason why he wouldn't let you drive.
Eventually you'll grow up and develop taste.
Two mercs and a BMW parked perfectly in their spots, even in reverse, and then there's this shitty toyota claiming 2 spots. What kind of upside-down world do you live in?
Please no. That's even worse than the underbarrel grenade launchers they're going to add.
Ich war das letzte mal vor ~12 Jahren auf einem Flohmarkt.. und da waren alle Verkäufer in die Jahre gekommene Deutsche. Schätze das ist mittlerweile zu einem Basar geworden?
Aber wenn ich deo nehm krieg ich krebs!!!! DAS IST WISSENSCHAFTLICH ERWIESEN!!!!!!!!!!!! ^^^^/s
"karton hat der helm auch original" ist ja selbst fast schon /r/wasletztepreis-würdig.
Irgendwie traurig.
The buggies felt too unstable offroad, especially when not modified. There's also things that block you while driving EVERYWHERE, which gets annoying.
Fernsehsender in 2018? Ich dachte nach dem Schrott was da läuft und den absolut übertriebenen Werbeblöcken ist jeder der noch ein wenig Hirn hat abgehauen.
Wish you could just take your gun, slap any attachment you want onto it, and then buy all the attachments you attached from the very same menu.
As long as you play the main game, yes. The expansions (bozak horde and the following) can only be played with people who also own it.
I think so, yes.
I'd prefer the way Faith looks in her loading screen.
&gt; Prepare to be surprised. Oh? I don't think full chrome vehicles or limegreen vehicles with pink dollar wheels would impress me.
