I hate swinging my glaive towards a monster I just caw trip to another source only to hope on its back shortly after. I physically wince whenever I do this. But in the time I do notice in time, I let myself gently fall to the floor to begin my ground assault.
Pigs are just regular pigs though? Kelbi are kinda deer-like and in Primal Forest you can see what I always assume to be flamingos flying around some sections. The alpaca isnt normal because it seems that its actually friendly!
If its on sale, make sure it isn't still higher than the current [amazon price](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Monster-Hunter-Ultimate-Nintendo-3DS/dp/B00LEW3GAO). As for N3DS vs regular. I hope new is XL because you want XL to actually see/appreciate the game. I am currently using a circle pad pro for my 3DSXL and its awesome actually, its much comfier than curling my hands around the 3DSXL on its own. I believe the game saves to the cartridge anyway so if you're planning on getting both MH4U and a New3DS evetually you may as well go for the game NOW GET IT NOW PLAY IT BECAUSE ITS AMAZING
Wandering the lands slaying anything that poses a threat. With my Caravan in tow and every possible piece of equipment crafted, I would no longer be hunting for pleasure or sport. I hunt because I must. I hunt to protect. I hunt so we can carry on living. I am a Monster Hunter.
That's the once I've been using Tigrex is my most hated monster though, so hopefully I can sort myself out and start smashing its face with my sheild.
I would love to have Gog or even Dalam gear but they've never even seen a shaguru :( A good setup I use is 2x required colour, 2x unreal blocking, 1x Skill tech. They block almost everything and the attack is almost always attack \^ I hope my setup helps with info but I don't know any numbers at all.
Not only does it assist with being able to see/aim all of the time. ITS SO COMFY Tried it without and the ds is so tiny in my hands without it. I'm pretty sure the CPP also helps with your hands in ways such of RSI, my i don't get the sharp pain I used to get with mini 3DSXL
Pretty sure the cat swagaxe is a reference to Cheshire cat. Drills, machine sounds, combinations, similarities in armour. Seems a lot like a reference of some sort.
I believe it can swing both way. If both parties are too drunk to make much sense or have total control, whats to stop the male from feeling like they're trapped/have to go along with it? They could both be in the same situation and not want to do it but lack communication and both end up potentially feeling raped.
I Killed my first G-Rank Jho in the episode quest for Cha Cha and Kambaya. Carved my first Crook upon killing it. Solo.
Oh i didn't even see the 3 gems lol So focused on the crook. Gratz! I once carved 2 gems from a single jho, then had 3 gems in reward box, then got a gem in a subquest. i think this was the Savage caravan Jho the first time I fought him. 6 Gems one quest =P
While I agree that these posts are annoying and do belong elsewhere. I think that there needs to be more awareness raised for MHClan so people actually go there more and use it.
Stand in the frenzy puddles! Got it thanks, Feelers for dayyysss
The only move that causes me problems is the Horn-flick I farmed Diablos Quite a bit back in Tri, which made Monoblos quite easy when i found him, and then zero issues with other blos. Apart from White Mono, what is that guy on?
There was a post here recently that made me hunt this way. It was about a couple of friends who picked up the game in Tri and hunted together. Then they got to the Qurepeco and was like maan why is this bird so small. Then it called a Rathian. They were hyped when they managed to kill it and said this isn't a game anymore, this is a hunt! So recently, when I fight, I've been sitting back, collecting my extracts and then hammering in with leg/face/mounts. Don't get hit, hit it till it dies.
Additionally, I love using my insect glaive for this. I recently Solo'd the Cha Cha episode quest for the G-Rank Jho. I ran around it in circles, away, up to it, under it. Constantly keeping myself buffed, hitting it whenever it has openings, mounting it when I feel like it, Wystoning when I can. My Bug put in so much work during that fight. About 50% of flinches came from a charge Kinsect. That includes flinches to knock it out of an attack!
Oh shit back up your save! On the srs though, huh?
Its a shame this hadn't gotten more attention, I suppose thats why its linked from elsewhere ;) But I liked it, general acceptance of the inevitable. One criticism I'd have is that if he had found absolutely nothing in space, what was on the space station and why didn't he think anything of it? (Or she)
I have been seeing reddit links on google recently that say they are/lead to reddit but it is some kind of business with ads and other such. Not so many pop-ups though. I think some links are being hijacked.
Fair enough, they don't know what happened and frankly they wouldn't worry too much about what it is seeing as they're drifting. I like the nameless/genderless diary like writing, you can imagine it being yourself.
So far the only Gathering Hall G-Rank monster I have Solo'd is the episodic quest for Cha Cha and Kayamba. It took forever, hopefully it wasn't weakened, making my first Grank solo less but it was so intense!
Maybe an exaggeration on "well defined " I'm not sure what you mean by well defined but weighing in at about 11.4 stone, all I have is skin and lack of muscle. All I need is to build it a bit and its easily visible.
What way of religion makes it different from humanism?
Oh my. Well, they're from DLC and they're mini stories with 3 quests each in them. Each feature a small challenge for you to complete. You first download them. Then you activate them by talking to your house-keeper and selecting the episodic quest line you want to do. You then activate the quests by talking to a special character that appears in the Gathering hall or Elder Hall. One that I did included: 1. Deliverying 10 secret stashes 2. Delivering 3 fulgur bugs (using bug net on a tripped zinogre) 3. Killing a Seregios on your caravan at sea (with cannons and ballista if you choose) The third quest becomes a permanent feature in your event quests which you can do for special items such as palico equipment or a unique monster/fight. The episode quest I mentioned made me fight 2. an akantor and 3. an ukanlos with a severely reduced time limit. I managed to solo them both using IG :)
Yes, my partbreaker set is stupidly fast at breaking anything breakable. Apart from Chameleon tails, but that thing is a bastard to hit.
I am GMT and I can be online about 6.30PM. HOPEFULLY, I still ahve my kirin quest. I levelled it up to G rank when I was only high rank and I couldn't farm it anymore becasue it requires G3 and I was only lowly G1. I seriously think my brother may have deleted it like a fucktart though. but we'll see
Whats the starting level? I may ask here otherwise jump on mhclan/mhguild place thing
Well fuk, it makes my time with the Djinn fire SnS line even more impressive. Caravan though so weaker anyway.
You get a couple of cool extras for the game. You can enlist help if you need it as they're in the gathering hall. You just have to be the one to initiate it. You're welcome \^^
Aren't masterrace subs satirical subs though =P You must be a filthy casual on MH if you have that much time to spend on DOTA!
Same here, I seem to be dealing with white just fine.
Ahh another C. Gore user, but you're getting downvoted :(# I think as long as we can avoid elemental attacks we'll be A-OK. Sadly my awaken is wasted most of the time, especially when I actually need the minds eye for my IG so I can continue a combo and just use mind's eye for that one part that bounces me and makes me reset.
What? How do they do a quicker lap by changing the angle? 0.0
Ahhh that last sentence made it all make sense to me. I've been wanting to make a Chameleos set for status crit but going by this it would be pretty pointless to have, status up would be betetr, especially seeing as I've been using Crit + 3 (plus other skills) on my Rath Soul Z set since G1.
The Indominus only gets 1 cart though.
G3 and I still don't understand snowman. Do i just spin the move stick as you'd expect? I spin to escape pins and stuns so I expect snowman is the same, spinning on the spot just seems useless though.
I've had a single game freeze. Went to sit down for some food and MEOW FOR FOR YOU
Oh her, I actually like the rediculously mockney accent on her songs I think its more of a gimmick than an "icon status" though
I have never seen as much HAES dribbel as comes from the US. We don't provide scooters for people to drive around in shops and we don't show off "models" such as Tess all over the place. There are fat people in british media and tv and some comedians even make fun of themselves for being fat and unhealthy
So we die. And someone else wakes up as... Us?
Don't know why we need sleep? I've actually heard that we do know. It's to wash out or spinal fluid and rid ourselves of all the toxins in our body. Give us time to recuperate our mind and body to prepare for the next session of being awake.
Not all of them though!
10* Brachy might want to have a word with you.
I'd say so yes. If you were to flash and escape it would prevent the enemy getting the kill gold. If you flash to execute you still prevent the enemy getting kill gold.
quitt quiee actually
GIF cut short, the dog keeps on walking until it goes out of sight. Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cX7TEZd9EA
I agree, I try to open with W so I get the speed proc on who I want and then proceed to AA &gt; Q &gt; AAA &gt;(dash) &gt; AAAAA. My low attack speed build with CDR boots allows me to kite more without losing too much dps too.
I got a relatively large wrist rest, foam, soft and floppy thing. It came in a box which could fit at least 10 of them in it, and a ridiculous amount of air bags. Amazon love their huge boxes.
Wake up sex is so good until the alarm goes off :(
Its because he managed to post it 4 times somehow
I'm only 23, I've already changed my mind though. I used to really think I wanted kids, over the past 4 years it has got less and less and now I dread the thought of wanting kids but I don't want to go full infertile mode just in case. I don't believe I will want kids, the time and money they require is just too much, I want to be selfish with my life and there is nothing wrong with that.
But whats on and off? Is it 1 when the sperm is working or the valve working. Is it 0 when sperm if off or the valve is open?
90% larger. Doesn't this actually just mean 1.9x the amount?
Which you have to aim/cast/channel while he runs away with all of his speed buffs.
Wow that Maw passive, so much heals.
My Girlfriend had an XFX R9-290X. That thing ran like Wildfire, we used Furmark to test the abilities and heat of it, it would rest about 75 and then got ~90^o C when in use. Shit was hot.
I think the point is just that it is overly rude to someone who is obviously asking a question about something else..
I hate shit that you can dodge/miss/flash away from, and then it makes it go on 0 CD so it can be used again. Well WTF was the point in me avoiding it in the first place if its just back off CD instantly?
Biochemistry. 3 Year degree. 2 years in, too depressed and not interested enough to complete it. 2.5 years of Uni and come out with a Diploma of Higher education. Meh, working sales/marketing office job now.
He doesn't sound native speaking at all. Its also polite to answer a question someone asks, that's mainly my problem here. But no doubt she did answer the question, just after this video gets cut off.
I mean, its a cool coincidence but does it have to be so [meme'd](http://niceme.me/)
Yep, the force is in everything. I just rewatched episode 5 and Yoda talks about how the dark side is easier and more seductive, it comes from anger, hate, fear. Whereas the light side is maybe a bit harder but nicer, from love, hope, straightforward-ness, calm, focus. The force is in everything and anyone can use it, its just the jedi who take the time to study it, feel it and use it. ^^^^ (ignore episode 1 midichlorian bullshit, no one cares what midichlorians are or what they do. They aren't the force, the force is)
I hate this so much. Whenever you miss a skillshot or lose an all in. "Level 5????" So toxic, yet no sandbox because that will make people more toxic...
Hm true, I agree that I was wrong and that he didn't say it flows through. But then a rock and a ship are the same thing to the force, I think thats more that there is force in and around everything. I didn't see the edit before posting but yes that's what I meant :)
Kinda sounds like Steraks. Only it lacks the armor component.
Is this similar to what used to happen before the "bug fix"?
You should also post a video showing when Tahms W does go on cooldown after blocking it.
Yep, he's playing to his audience. His audience is a bunch of retards in this case but its all for the show. (I hope)
I'd love to have enough motivation to learn a new language! Keep it up! I bet the achievement outweighs the struggle.
Smashing a Dragons face in with a massive Sword/Hammer/Sheild/Axe/Explosion as its about to blast you with fire or take off and slap you with its tail. Jumping off a ledge and mounting a monster as it charges towards you trailing explosions. Knocking it over and chopping off its mace of a tail which causes it to flinch and roar at you in outrage as you charge towards it yourself ready to cause even more damage to its highly evolved form. Monster Hunter is the Most badass I have felt in a game.
People have answered the question so I will add to it. Recently there has been news of Exams being moved due to Ramadam. Exams have always been at the same point in the year, whereas Ramadam moved recently for some reason. So everyone's regardless of religion, exams are being moved to a different time to better suit Muslims.
This is the most descriptive answer, if lacking a little formatting. Option 1: Do anything in a game but only play 1/2 the time you do now. Option 2: Limited to what the game gives you but play unlimited amount. On PC, you can MOD games which means add content, add cheats/characters all legally and legitimately within the game. On console, Modding/cheating is very difficult and requires third party software, often voiding warranties, potentially banning you from the online portion of the game or (online completely? Not sure) In the PC community, /r/pcmasterrace, calls console players peasents as they willfully accept their lower status given to them by the console makers. PC is master race as they have passed the false advertising and crappy hardware of consoles and use PC. PewDiePie is a huge YouTuber and also a PC gamer, thus commenting this while playing the would you rather game.
The Ricky Gervais quip. Something like "If I told you I used to do heroin but now I'm 3 years clean, loads of cheers. But if I said I've never done heroin once. Nothing". [Found the Video if anyone cares](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Qep5Dc3IE)
Shift drag is so weird!
As someone who isn't 25 yet, I saw this with some relief. Then realised only 1 year to go and got worried again.
They're run on separate servers and stuff aren't they? Its possible they could just add an image for that patch they play on.
Maybe because of all the leaks, they just wanted to release it officially before everything got slowly leaked and ruined.
Yea they are on the same deploy, I just wondered how much it would take to add an image Seems like something that can be hotfixed BUT the map is probably all one piece so no hotfix inable
I have Surgeon Shen and I think it looks kinda Naff compared to the others' updates
He got made proper surgeon-like. Which is very good in terms of skin, theres just not as much bad-assery to happen on it sadly.
Trundle's Ult used to be 75 Mana? Whats up with that? Some champs used to have 200 Mana cose, trundle was hiding behind his pillar hoping to not get noticed this whole time!
But it failed!
Yep, he can still crit. Having a passive that only gives movement speed on the 4th shot for crit would be silly! (Ekko, Gnar :3)
Looks like seregios trynd with a Ratgalos Gsword. It looks different but also similar
Yea good, thanks. I don't usually watch these but I appreciate the effort to show people such as me :)
Macarena
But you have 3 dashes. Its not like you're getting 1 jump and they're gone.
They can stack the MS? I didn't know that! I thought when I got 2 procs it was just 2x procs of damage. 1x proc of speed.
Too soon? Nah the queen can't die soon enough
Taric incoming.
Doii, my comment was in reference to the "Always"
I used to play so much solo, before all of my friends got into it and we started pertying up, it would be non stop solo games. Now I barely play solo but I'm trying to get back into it, I still love the game but premades have spoilt me. Could this begin a downfall of solo players even more? A lot of people wouldn't bother to start soloing avain once they're friends are on less and just move on..
If you can't fill. Don't select fill.
And then he turns into Dankey Kang when MEGA!
Yea I don't get the issue of matching like for like. It obviously comes around at higher elo where there are less players overall but in lower elo, limiting teams to being Vs teams which have the same number of premades is just sensible.
The problem with Teams is a limited number of members, names and organisation to be done, have to climb for separate teams. If Dynamic gave you a different rank maybe? Dynamic rank which works the same as SoloQ/DuoQ but separates the huge parties. This would need more server space, storage for more ladders, and cause a mess in ranking. And teams are an established method for a set amount of people to play as a name and have a team rank. not sure what I'm trying to say but I like dynamic queue, I also with there was a way to play with more that Duo on Ranked queues on summoners rift, not only TT for 3 ranked people.
This is what I think should happen. Solo/Duo Rank and Dynamic Rank. The problem being this will probably take up double the amount of server use that current ladder stats take up. Which is probably not going to happen.
Thats what I always hated about the "Carry your team so you climb" *theory* A Challenger player can climb from bronze to challenger because they are Challenger and vastly outweigh the abilities of bronze. But Silver/Gold player would have a lot more trouble climbing out of Bronze as they are not That much better. Its a much steeper hill for the average player to climb than the top percentage player.
Weird. Cool, just thought I'd clarify :)
When and why was in god we trust added to money?
Sad times, so it doesn't work with roles? TY
\#Tilted
I've lost count of how many times even this one Morty has been reposted.
[Woopsies](https://youtu.be/3UjuYtgMDIg?t=59m5s)
It does great on my back pain. Holy shit $19?!
How is this a bug? You can clearly see zed being out of range and switching after it impacts.
So much hate for op wtf happened here? SUre he's an idiot with this duck but pure stfu coming from the votes
Oh yes, it works great on neck pain too!
I think the issue is assuming everyone who doesn't floss has smelly breath, which is not true. Especially seeing as most bad breath comes from the tongue. Plaque is rotten food but the small amount in between your teeth wouldn't really effect your breath that much. So really you're just telling everyone they have bad breath, and they have no friends. I suspect thats why the downvotes really.
Yea mines done that a few times. Rather than hovering back oevr and clicking the screen, try selecting leagues through either alt+tab or Win+tab. This usually works for me.
MONDAY is 1 DAY TUESDAY is 2 DAYS WEDNESDAY is when huh what DAYS THURSDAY is THE THIRD DAY
If that shelf if reliable enough it would be worth swapping around the PC and monitor, plus the leads would still be coming out the back towards the monitor. and save his neck!
This is a huge and great point, probably something that needs responding to, especially now climb-aid is in effect for climbing teirs
Whos complaining about the numbers? Numbers 1-10 should be worded and anything over is usually numerical. I'm 23 and I almost did all of these things but without the games console because poor. I did end up with a dreamcast and Sonic Adventure (which I never even completed). And I only ever saw one episode of the Freza vs Goku, it was the one where **spoilers** Goku warns Freza and he's like ahahah why should I trust you *SLICE URGH*
My Man!
Punishing the troll is the main issue. If you let them have their way, they'll do it again. Play the game, ruin it for the troll and report them after so you can further punish them.
No dude, the guy who didn't give into the terrorist ruined it for everyone ^^/s
I'll join you once I'm old enough to have kids. For now at 23, its still off the table as a smart idea, not just as a choice.
In a land of the blind, the one eyed man is king.
I do this in normal games. But if you mean ranked, yes I also want to tryhard in ranked as off-meta champs. My "smurf" is level 23 at the moment :(
Support as Annie?
/u/Derpthemeus is this possible? Sounds good to see how much someone plays one champ. And also One Trick Ponies could get their name on the board.
What about some large hard hitting but slow to draw abilities. In lane you would barely be hitting anything due to the speed. But in a teamfight and given some time to finish paintings and have them aimed towards a crowd, they would go great with wombo combos. A truly unique feel, some serious set up. Maybe a 3 second channel for a Jinx Ult width morg Q speed (probably slower) painted monster/particle affect death.
Since masteries came out I always wanted a way to view my friends Masteries. They tell me they're mastered 5 champs to level 5, I can only see 3 and the rest are the stupid 8 in-progess nearest to completetion. I'll be bookmarking this so I can join in the discussions with my buddies who live in other houses.
Tracking :O This is exciting, I'm looking forward to seeing what is done with it. Its sad that Masteries aren't that big of a thing or a site like this would be hugely popular.
I would like this more than only unlocking 6/7 via champ shards. However, riot have said that potentially, only S ratings would give champ shards which makes sense, but you couldn't combine these two things.
It doesn't matter about resolution of a monitor, its the resolution of the image. If you have low resolution you can zoom in to get the full resolution of the image in a small area
I agree, the only reason this is what the fuck is that someone thinks this is what the fuck.
Came here because my dog made me sad. Same situati ish with bad liver and generally doing very badly. My dog isn't in pain and she just has no energy or liveliness. I don't think we're going to have her put down, for the time shes alive and not in pain, she can have the same company she loves. Enjoy the rest of the time with your cat, I know its been a couple of days but I hope you're chugging along. Losing our little buddies isn't going to be easy but keep them happy while they're still with us.
My man!
Can you change this in the config files? Maybe play with some X/Y values to shift it?
expecific one = Specific onces I'm just trying to help if you're not of native English :) Sepcific: belonging or relating uniquely to a particular subject, so relating to particular (specific) mid laners.
Luundiin Fuck Yea
So does the phantom hit have the AD aspect from W placed on it?
Time to Xin Jungle or top or mid or support or adc. Anywhere really, buffed Xin gonna be broked.
Haha, are you able to check LP history to make sure that those games were in promos? Like other people have said, maybe you were 1-2 before this game and the ticks and X just messed up the order.
Actually a Rioter stated that Taric would be the next reworked champ even before Shen rework was released.
Always happens. This, to me, is the laziest of lazy. They literally already have all of the videos and descriptions made as they use them in the champion reveal. I don't see why it takes so long to add in.
Yea, champ position doesn't update properly while you don't have vision of them. Works great with xerath ult but not so well with Jhin. This is because Jhin zooms out and Xerath is able to update positions for your screen. Jhin is only able to update some parts of the zoomed out screen at a time.
400% in dynamic. 100% bonus in others.
Mundo is also banned in 75% + games I've been in
I agree, even though I probably wont use it, I bet it would be useful for reference during theory crafting or any conversations. I would suggest some kind of big list where you keep all tldr path notes of this format?
Omg this is a trick! You would have to have a split dick to have sex with both girls at the same time! So if the dick splitting is happening anyway, may as well get some sex out of it.
I once sent by Wii back maybe 5 times to support to have it repaired first time, outside of warranty, the next 4 times within the repair warranty period. Every time I got it back, same problem persisting, would not turn on. Turns out it was my fault using an incompatible power cable which wasn't allowing it to turn on, but was turning on a different Wii... Ooops, but the support people were very patient, free return every single time, and 4 times they received a Wii in full working condition and kept taking it in and looking it over.
You can hold it to fire as soon as possible?!?!
Holy shit seeing someone use a mechanic of another hero actually in a game and using understanding. Wp man, I wish more people came to the edge :(
Same, from the UK, I have never seen clothes priced differently based on sizes. Everthing is a set standard, from shoes, dresses, shirts, jeans etc It is actually less fair because even a size 18 is noticeably larger than a size 10 but the cost the same.
Haha no fair. Our TV ads have started saying the date wrong (June 10) instead of 10th of june for example. Eventually we'll get more america and clothes will be different prices muahahha
The ones that pay attention to other abilities? I thought seeing as a huge amount of leagues players also love overwatch that a lot more people would understand mechanics. Nope, Bastion full fire into a Genji all day every day.
The minimum requirements are Intel HD Graphics 4400. Thats really impressive imo for this game.
Wow really? That's not even that bad and the processor is from 2012. Is it a laptop and have you ever cleaned it out? I have an old laptop which would run things fine but I dropped it and I'm pretty sure I dislodged the CPU from the radiator and now it gets super hot and got really slow. I used to play leagues on it, it was fine for maybe 2 games at 30fps and then dropped to sub-20 if i kept playing.
I agree, sadly this was one of Kurzgesagt's less interesting videos. What makes you, you is more of a philosophical question which CGP got to approach. Kurzgesagt just kind of talked about cells which in my opinion, isn't really what you are, as he said, every cell is replaced by 7 years or whatever it was, so its a whole new you but you're the same. The brain makes you, as it is the personality and everything included. If the cells change but the signals stay the same, you're still you. Game Theory actually kinda talked about this better in the how to kill deadpool/wolverine video.
My first legendary was Scavenger D.Va who I played most during beta and is still my favorite. Feelsgoodman
I make sure to play everything. The best way to know the enemy is become them..? Symetra looked horrible at first, same with Zarya but once you learn the mechanics. MM, pretty fuckin strong heroes. Shoot pink bubbles? Not the symetra shots lol?
Wow nice, old electronics. Different controller entirely? :P
I got white Rabbit in the Beta with currency. I felt like it was a waste to be honest. It really didn't feel like enough of a difference even though it was only 250c The legendaries are definitely supercool, I didn't think I'd want scrap until I got it but i think mech-less D.Va looks better in scrap/scavenger than she does in B.Va or Junebug.
Excellent, scienced the shit outta that
If they bring the brain back from being technically brain-dead, then imo they are bringing the dead back to life. Can't you keep bodies on life support almost indefinitely until they age so far and degrade? The brain degrading does the most damage but bringing that back would mean bringing them back. However, if the body is too dead to sustain the brain, then you're brining them back into permanent life support. I've got to admit I'm just saying words that fit togetehr, I have no diea how dead/alive works properly seeing as life support is so life-supporty.
I actually thought about this when I've told people about this. Because yes it would be the cells and it would be really interesting to see the extent of the change caused by a repair/replacemnt brain treatment. But then in some stroke patients with severely damaged one side of the brain. With proper therapy the single half can take over all tasks
Really? Someone else mentioned online too so maybe it's more common there
Or if we cant to cryosleep properly, what if we could repair damage caused by cryosleep Head transplant is supposed to be happening and thats around spinal cord so also counts for nerve connestions such as in brain
Thank you! I hate the us date format and this just comes from it :/
I do not play support, however I am not high mmr so this might not even affect me. &gt;We are hoping that if you feel like you're getting your primary most of the time, you're more willing to put support as secondary However, allowing me to get my primary role will not make me queue support more. If I am given the option to queue for 2 roles to get them, I don't want to end up in an off-role. I understand there will be a notification when you are placed in autofill? Why not just assign rewards for having people select the "Fill" option. &gt;we don't want people to play something that they don't think is fun just to get IP You say you don't want people to play something they don't see as fun just to get IP, however, the current iteration of auto-fill is potentially making people play something they don't think is fun for no bonus apart from better wait times. Shouldn't you give the player the option to save time on queue and play an off-role rather than automatically applying it. I know imaqtpie picks Fill as a role pretty much all the time to reduce his queue times, this is something better to address rather than forcing (Is it forced?) it upon people.
Mid / Jungle &gt; auto-fill Support is not role selection.
Oh god Ekko, Picked him up and I have so much love to give! Let me give my money!!!
My mum once found a circle of cardboard. It was a label for our dog bed. The label said "Dog bedding" I'm pretty sure when she asked me about it, she thought it was a DVD and was asking where this "Dog Bedding disc" came from. Its a fucking label. You think I need to burn my animal porn onto a DVD?
Was it not even fuckin verified?
I didn't know they didn't default to Max. I've only just changed everything to High/Ultra!
Had this too but slightly different. OH LETS BREAK IT................................ [K-Tshhh](https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/overwatch.gamepedia.com/2/23/Widowmaker-cine.jpg)
I saw it first with fus-ro-DAH
I'd say this is less Kerning, more just a fuck up of format. Was this actually published like this?
HE_ONLY_SAYS_NIGGER
Damn, filling out the application form I feel horribly inadequate! But I suppose they know the user submissions and a bit of infor from the application :) I've submitted myself!
I think it does matter. Its a description and has been that way since I can remember. It might have been different before I was born but I just dislike the format. I do say 25th of October 1989, it just makes it easier and runs. However, I do agree that looking it up in a calendar is simpler with US format. Such as using windows calender. "Right so appointment fooorrrr October.. 22. Noted"
yea if anything, second hand/budget mode for a couple of the exclusives. Whats wrong with Wii U party? I also mention the only mParty I have ever owned/played is 5, so anything above that is an improvement.
I'd rather not die when I joke because the attack speed is too much for jhin to dodge thanks.
Yea, but getting more spin speed with that attack speed means new records to reach on spin speed. Full attack speed with 4th shot after a 3rd shot crit with zilean, karma, lulu, sona/medallion etc Please...
What? Class of 2015, not 2014
Yea this is what i was getting at. Nintendo focus and make their own games too. Ps/xb have developers trying to work on top teie games. Using top teir (?) dev kits for sub-par hardware
I have lower back pain and doctors have no idea what it is Welp, time to get tested for a tumor
Great thing to take away from this comment
You can see the confusion "I told my husband"
Haha what? They're completely different fruits. Am i missing something?
This thread...
&gt;fatness is not a state of mind Actually I'd argue that it is. Thats where bulemia and anorexia come from. As much as they are disorders, they are states of mind when people believe they are never good enough
I still don't get it. Is it a running joke or something?
My gfs cat will just walk away when you try to stroke her. Then come bedtime, up she pops, sits down next to yoj and stares with the squinty eyes asking for attention and rolling over for some belly rubs too. They definitely prefer it on their terms.
If they get posted, upvoted and commented on, whats the problem?
If a bullet is holding a gun and fires a second bullet, is the second bullet going as fast as 2 bullets?
I think due to the shape, it is very hard to touch more dick than vagina. Balls might touch though.
Off topic. I have never learnt how to play poker but this is the exact way of how I won my first few games.
Holy shit seriously? Thats ridiculous. Same as Rein's massive rocket powered hammer.
#MAKE LIFE TAKE THE LEMONS BACK. I DON'T WANT YOUR STUPID LEMONS, WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THESE?
This seems like a good way to go.
Have a shower and then masturbate as much as you want. Your dick/vag will be just as clean as your hands, maybe cleaner.
Shadman if anyone was wondering, which I'm sure someone would be
You mean [**This?**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LeagueOfMeta/comments/4ldjz5/after_spending_the_last_few_days_on_overwatchs/) 28 points and 38 comments at the time of posting? If you're going to try to talk shit to mods, at least don't lie.
I would though. What about those weirdos that put the milk in first? Get away from my tea you heathen.
New euphemism for masturbation: Making yourself a cup of tea.
No problem, i did this without even reading the article anyway haha just sharung my experience
One deleted comment was "Mods are deleting posts..... Then a ton of details aboit blood banks and blood requirements" If moda censoring shit like that, something needs to change, we need a new subreddit. If you scroll through the reds, some important comments are being deleted and some for no reason I saw a deleted comment that was just talking about how horrific it is... But why remove that?
I've done this before vs a Roadhog ult. Ulted off the map, Jumped once, kept on being pushed back, Ulted to Jump again. Kept being pushed back, during ult its a reduced CD so I jumped back and scampered off scared of the rest of their team.
Look at image 3. The 2 l in Velocity are different heights. Mystery solved.
Fuck that comp. Attacking that on temple of anubis is the most unfun thing... Cant get through the door for explosions, cant get to the door because sniping/bastion. Can't sneak around because traps/exploded away/sheild/wallhacks
You're right though. People won#t be buying it more because of 10AD buff. The 10 AD just makes it better for when you are forced into it.
Wait really? Is this actually a real thing because this is something I was talking to someone about. I also heard that he had hatred for gays after seeing a couple kissing, I said it was probably hatred that these two were openly gay and happy and because of his conditions, he wasn't able to be comfortably openly gay and then led to the shooting.
Theres no denying theres ways around it, I play a lot of Mei on that map and wall to allow teammates in. Problem is in pub games, they run in 1 by 1. Ignore the wall or safe paths, have no idea what "group up on me" means. Don't know how to press Z or use Q at the right time. I've been in a game with my premade, mercy and zarya managing to storm through the team and get to the point. We ended up being overrun but we got gold and silver objective time from one push. All our team did was complain that Widow kept killing them all. The whole team, 4 other people and 1 hero pinned them down... Pub games get really boring.
Yep.
I've encountered this once so far on a Tracer. It was one of the most obnoxious things. Runs up/dashes point blank, unloads an entire magazine while both of you are jumping around, crosshairs never leave your playermodel, instantly rekt.
Theres one of hollywood, I cant search for it now but the title was something along the lines of being done/fed up with widowmaker. Lucio ran up the wall towards point A, over the huge door and jumped to the balcony bit above point A.
Depends if there is a reason to not like someone though. So far I've had 2/3 people that I generally didn't like. Turns out they weren't/aren't great people and I was actually right. I still give them the time of day though, then it allows me to strengthen my reasoning.
Especially if they don't need a response. Telling me something, answering my questions and not answering them back. Its not that I don't like you or I'm not your friend, just that in texts, its a lot easier to feel like a conversation is finished, which can mean its finished before its begun.
Definitely USB tethering. If you're on a good mobile company you might be able to use your phone data depending on what you want to use it for. I have unlimited data on 3 but the signal isn't super good everywhere so that is also a factor.
Discord is so strong! My favourite person to kill is Tracer, the dink for the face is so satisfying too. But Tracer E removes discord, makes me sad :(
I'm curious. Does the research being carried out also include looking at opinions gathered from responses on the boards and Reddit threads. Its obviously skewed by interest in the topic and votes but seriously, the feedback already shows that people want it. What negative impacts could it have globally? The only reason I could gather is because of the "play with your friends" mantra that keeps popping up. Appearing online all the time makes me sometimes not want to play, what if I only want to play with 1/2 out of 4 possible friends online?
I don't know but I build hate pretty fast when my team isn't working so i try to have fun but then Mei stops me from playing.
I cant see any demo link or details on that page. Anyone see where it is/can access from 3DS?
Get out of this thread. Nothing is sane. Too much 'Murica's rights
Thats why hopefully the some form of story can keep it going longer. I love the exploration and not establishing a base, but having some form of antagonist too, yea this will be a go-to game for me
My mother attends a weight loss thing, slimming world. Where if she doesn't lose weight session to session, the people in charge and everyone she talks to.. &gt;"You're not eating enough to lose weight" For fucks sake... there's no talking about it because I'm a pretentious know-it-all so shes just not going to lose weight
No one knows.
You don't but it definitely helps for storage of everything. Don't starve still stands though
I actually used to use the different stride when I played badminton regularly as a hobby. Definitely a lot more comfortable to do.
They communicate, doesn't seem like they need to be
What are you up to this weekend? Probably just seeing some mates. Nothing for fathers day? Nah he's dead/left us/divoced/bad relationship. Why does that make you uncomfortable? Sorry to seem so rude, my original comment did not mean to avoid being rude but now I am genuinely curious.
6 Symmetra? Right click, hide behind wall. The ball does loads of damage so a few could knock people down quite fast.
Exactly, how fun would that be? Especially being able to swap easier once it gets closer to spawn. I'm just imagining the WWWwwwwWWWWvvvVWWWvVVvvvvvWWWVVVVV of the orbs flowing through the cart and them just falling over as if touched by death.
Yes please this is some spooky shit...
If the new client doesn't have this too or they haven't thought about it (see: appear offline) I'm going to seriously start questioning what is actually going into a new client.
Yea this is a terrible poem in English. Barely strung together sentences of a terrible roast. Sounds like some unimaginative playground bants.
I heard that scare/fear-mongering was happening to try to convince people to stay in the EU but using the BDS and saying staying in is the best way to prevent Iran from having nuclear weapons is so far!! So you're telling me we have to be in the EU as it is the UK's responsibility to look after Israel and protect not only ourselves, but the whole world from the possibility of obtaining WMDs... I'm sorry but if the remain party use something like the then they are really not seeing the point in why people want to leave. The fact that he UK should be tied to the EU because &gt;Britain would have more power to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons and, in a campaign which has largely been dominated by the issue of immigration "Israel's greatest friend" I don't want our country to be spending rediculous time and resources fighting for a country that the whole EU should be doing. Why is this suddenly the UK's responsibility?
Oh excellent! thanks :) Remind me! 2 days
Losing my shit over Val Halal
Coming off the recent drama regarding appear offline mode for the new client.. How much effect would a strong positive-for-voicechat result have? Would it be something that would: A: Need research looked into globally and for various implications and ability to add it to the game B: Something you are already thinking about and would like confirmation C: Need a strong positive to change your opinion of "it should not have voice-chat D: Is quite easy to implement and its just scoping. There are a tonne of variables with this and I love the amount of reasons for surveys and potential outcomes. I would love to hear anything about whats going on at Riot for these surveys to go out. Something at least people have been asking for for a while and a simple survey is a little nonchalant about such a huge feature to add.
To be fair, this is hardly a confession. Its more a Seal because the face would more accurately represent a butt-towel. A shameful confessing bear is hardly super accurate to own up that you have a butt-towel...
I just googled it, did you heat-gun and shape all of the stuff? My brother made a cosplay recently with some stuff and a heat-gun. how easy is EVA to work with?
Haha, nice play on words
Just me yeah? Along with however many other people in this thread commenting that there is no need for gender
No, but it's a reply comment, not a comment on the thread. I'm not saying its a bad cosplay, it is an incredibly good cosplay, I just wanted to comment on the "don't know how reddit works". And even if she doesn't know how reddit works, she managed to stumble on exactly how reddit works.
And then mercy damage boosts and if they weren't going to get 1 shot by the instant shotgun anyway, they will now.
Delay is one thing. Why does it need to be days after like that for Europe and UK? Which I think is what dubchild meant.
This is pretty much my stance on it. The campaigns haven't been enough for the people, points on both sides have been arguments for "if we leave/stay, we're fucked" they both argue the same thing will fuck us either way. From what I know about Remain, its backed and funded by a lot of people in positions of monetary power such as CEO of sainsburys and founter of a world banking thing. There hasn't been enough balanced non-bias talk about it and the whole Vote is a fucking mess. Its embarassing. The fact that no one particularly knows what will happen, just speculation and scare-mongering.
A problem I and a friend have with fans is air and movement of the fax when placed on the front. His coolermaster case has foam dust filter and unfortunately the fan sometimes rubs on the foam and makes the shhhhhh noise, I also used a non-stock fan for my corsair case and it made a lot more noise so I switched it back to the stock fan. Does the TF120 have a further set back fan compared to the surround and how was it tested with dust filters vs noise?
Just rewatched it and yep. That is the changing smile of regret.
Oh ok cool, thanks. I assume it'll be fixed when it goes public then :P
You'll need to be signed up. Before joining aof.gg I searched for my summoner and a few games came up. It depends if anyone in your games has signed up for it, but it saves them all once you have.
But time is in perspective. To Kimmie time passed as it always had. The only service Time is doing is to himself so he doesn't have to witness Kimmie's sad life.
His friend told him about it on the echo found where he made camp. Where you get the jumbuck in the quest
Play normals. The amount of time I've fed, someone else has fed, someone goes off meta, you have people misplaying practicing new chamipons, you get to practice new champions and not get pissed when something goes wrong. Lets try building X, we'll try Y comp. I'll try Z play. Normals are where it started for all of us, its where the fun was and its still there. For me at least.
Take away heal to remove sustain. Take away armor so she takes more damage. But we gave her a speedboost so you can kite enemy monsters, this will separate the good Kindreds from the great ones.
Those lasers are so strong though. Tried it with Lux and sadly you cant cast a laser plus ult at the same time :(
Silver 4 MMR? Really? I just hit Plat 5 and after going up and down I've lost about 4/5 in a row at 0LP, do I have to hit Gold 4 MMR before being demoted?
Yep, started playing Ekko and fell in love with the guy and his playstyle. Suddenly Tank Ekko, anything that isn't Tank Ekko is wrong and banned in almost every game :( But Tank got nerfed so he can see some play again now :)
Ayyyy copying Dunkey one last time on his way out.
Wait, don't name it Ping.bat? Why not? Can I name it Pingtest.bat or LeaguePing.bat?
I think if he gets something good he should make leagues videos. But I agree with him, once you reach a certain point where all videos are literally just playing league it would get tiresome. I haven't watched him in ages because it is so samey but the Overwatch ones were SO much better.
Holy shit, its new levels of conspiracy! But Keyboi hasn't done a Science Monkey video yet, no copies of Dunkster so far.
Use a backslash symbol to erase the formating Type \\#Words
Haha this is Reddit, anywhere outside your own sub is probably going to be hate! But no problem man, good luck with the new content!
No, she literally can't odd.
He's saying that the rape victim also gets punished. He is also saying that Pakistan people rape Donkeys.
^^^Thats ^^^not ^^^the ^^^joke...
The Rednecks of the UK. Living in London I don't really get to experience it but if you leave... Holy shit does this actually ring true.
This is my mistake a lot of the time. I try to stay and waveclear and be ready for their engage but I don't respect the Flash-Gapcloser and just get instantly bursted. I need to stay back becasue as much as I want to be a part of it, being further back and joining late is better than being dead first.
Excellent
Yea but isn't that how it should work? They don't appear until a certain number of reports and then if they do within a small time then punishment is necessary. I suppose a bot is better though seeing as it can actually look for reasons and key words, but key words isn't always the best thing to look for if people get creative/feed. Can a bot see when someone build Mobi + 5 Zeal for example?
I Rez too early so much. The other day I actually though about it. Urgh when I rez early I get the 2 crappy teammates and then the good ones die after and I don't have ult. Well no shit, I said to myself, the bad ones are obviously also going to be the ones that die first!!! So now I hold it even longer to make sure there are no more teammates to follow up and die more.
Yea fair enough, i though the last trip knocked him out of it though i haven't fought enoigh frenzy ones to know what to look for
Aha so it did! My question stands then, at the end he shoukd be going for a breakable!
True, but thats what quantity is about, someone reported for camping/having a bad game a few times wouldn't pop the tribunal But someone consistently toxic in so many games would give the quantity to be bought on front of a tribunal. But the bot is working at the moment so we don't need the tribunal back, all is ok
Hey dude, here is the comment I use, its from 4 months ago Open command prompt paste "ping 95.172.65.1 -t" for euw paste "Ping 64.7.194.1 -t" for eune paste "Ping 104.160.131.1 -t" for na paste "Ping 203.174.139.185 -t" for oce https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/472gu1/how_can_i_check_what_server_would_be_best_for_me/d09ncem
It was flying past, just got a pic of it
This sums up 90% of my Mercy games.
The other one then =P i remember having a lot of trouble with frenzy jho and actually farmed kirin and made a custom set for it, hg earplugs and tremor res
Distractions from what?
"Placing a Turret costs no scrap..." Ok game.. thanks? Neither does upgrading so I'ma do that too
Jesus was mildly inconvenienced for our sins
Definitely by me. I tried playing a few Viktor games, thought I was getting quite good until Vs a Syndra. God I hated that lane and it actually made me stop blind picking Viktor it was so bad. I prefer champs that can deal with their counter. Viktor is just pushed out of lane so easily vs her.
Secretary Bird. I love these just because of how pretty they are. The feathers on their heads are reminiscent of quills used in writing &gt; potentially secretary. Or their name could be from an old translation of an Arabic word saqr-et-tair which is "Hunter Bird". Their stomp has previously been measured to apply a force up to 5 times their body weight with a "contact period of 10-15ms" striking for the head of the prey.
Who hurt you?
I tend to follow people more than content. Obviously the content needs to match but thats why I'm not subbed to every theory/league of legends/lets player
But that makes doggy gayer than missionary.
Really? Cool i still have it. My dc is a bit busted though, fell off a chest of drawers and killed a port and controller.
I agree with that but cornycomic said it quite well. If its going to be ome extra guest from a crew, not much harm in that. Wheras i agree it would be a pisstake if you invited 10 and 20 people showed up and 10 were rando second hand.
Because bushes are so strong, he has too much damage.
This guy is redditing at a near perfect hivemind level all by himself! Just forgot about the lawyer, facebook and the gym.
Pretty sure he's just memeing but wasn't subtle/obvious enough.
My Collie used to do this, she'd know she needed to have her paws wiped because we'd just say "Wait" when we opened the back door. She stepped in and would give us her two front and then loosen her back legs so we could de-mud them.
"8 fire damage dagger"
I used to call my dog a bad girl in the good girl tone. She would get really nervous and start licking her lips, then wagging her tail while still trying to climb on you to lick you and say sorry. She was a good girl.
Yep, Im sitting on 60 Ryhorn Candy for my high level, high cp, 90% IV Ryhorn which I intended to evolve. Now he's just my buddy.
literally google "drop bear" its so common google has a summary of it rather than having to click a link. Similar to when you ask it to "Define:" a word. Edit: reread comment, seem rude. I'm just trying to be helpful :) thats why I added the fact about using "Define:". Also, if you want to find a specific phrase, searching for "(phrase you want to fine" in the quotation marks, google will look for only that.
That it isn't a vagina
I do this as well, I don't think about a lot of things and generally my mind is absent of thought or absent of things that didn't literally just happen. I think I went 6 months before telling my SO that she was coming to my aunts wedding as well in 2 weeks time. That didn't go down well.
His worst trait is bants? Nice. I too, am a Dick.
Get one that dings. One with the timer thing so when it hits then end all you get is a *ding*
My strategy is just to say that annoyed me very fast. Even when we've been out and something is said that is hurtful or just does something really annoying. We had a half hour walk home but I mentioned that I would really rather not waiting that extra half hour while she talks to her coworkers at the cinema before leaving and going home. She says sorry, I say something like "I know, thank you. It was just really annoying and I need a moment to calm down" So we'll walk home in silence until something breaks it, I try to make it me if I think of anything. I'm not angry I'm just a little upset and need a moment. It's super healthy for me and I feel like I never have anything bottles up at all.
Depends who wanted to watch it. If I chose this, you can be on your phone. If you chose this, I'm probably going to want to go on my phone. But if **we** chose this, you better get fucking off your phone or we/I could be watching something that I wanted to watch.
&gt; My dad taught me that whenever I need something I shouldn't look at the price tag and should just get it This is why shit like [This](http://amzn.eu/jh2Wab4) exist
My girlfriend gets so angry at games sometimes it makes me really uncomfortable. I'm all about rage and getting angry at a game but the way she does it is scary/depressing/crazy rage.
My roommate did this with plates... He said, well no one washes them up so I keep them. And everyone else no longer has plates to eat off because he has a stack of DIRTY plates in his room. Motherfucker, **you're** not washing them up.
I do this, but mostly only with something that is super simple or that I have already explained Multiple times before.
Should be "right"
So. Much. JAAAAAMMM.
This is awfully strange. I hear of this mouse accommodating for any grip style. Do you have larger hands or are you able to show us a photo?
The waves might want to drown you?
Hey you and /u/MicahLacroix It might seem like a kinda bad ending with what happened and it leaves us thinking, but there is a big thing to do with how it looked like she was lying to us. Why was the therapist dude in her house? He might have planted the books.. And wasn't she speaking to Homer before she even got access to the internet and able to buy the books? She was definitely in something because the therapist confirmed that it was real with the copper in the scars and vitamin D deficiency. I thought all along that the portal would be something to do with dying and waking up in another reality. If you like the reality things and you're into games; SOMA is an amazing game-story to watch.
\8. Are you forgetting about the Peace Keeper species? I thought they did pretty well although Scorpio's methods were a little harsh for obtaining wormhole technology I must admit... Edit: I meant 8
Yea kind of peace keeping turned tyranny/dictating. Depends on the speed of the Leviathans warp they could do. They definitely didn't have everything mapped because they didn't even know what species he was even though he's compatible with a few species. (Peace Keepers and that Poisoned Princess with the Kiss-juice). Wormholes is FTL effectively but seeing we have our pocket universes or whatever they're called separated by the spaces of nothingness and expansion of the universe, Wormholes might be able to bridge the gaps.
Isn't scarring part of the process that inhibits limb regrowth in humans? We can supply the correct proteins to regrow an arm but they cant form because of the scar tissue getting in the way. Could this plus growth proteins regrow limbs?
I dont see anything wrong with that tbh, very similar to how i hold it. What angle are you sitting at? My wrist gets super painful when I'm sitting on a chair thats too high, it should be level with your elbow i think is the correct height. But then youd have the problem with other mice too... I dont know man :(
Hehehe
When they guy in pov starts chatting random shit...
Or the fuckin fingers gagging them instead like... Buh bye
&gt;You can't change who i am I think you're missing a fucking huge part of what this is about... No one wants to change you, they just want as much give-a-shit-less as straight people.
Someone on a quest might have it? They don't show up on the equipped list and things equipped dont show in inventory when you check storage. You can tap people who are exploring the wasteland but i don't think there's a way to check weapons on quest members
Oh holy shit this is how you tri-force!
uj/ My explorers edition box came a couple of days ago with the spaceship and shit in it. Feeling the regret.
The friendships I want to keep I have phone numbers and skype for the people I do keep contact with. Admittedly I have facebook too and I've had to message to get numbers when my phone was stolen but I could have also used Skype. I don't feel disconnected, I just don't really care what everyone else is doing all of the time.
I would suggest /r/reactiongifs :)
Nah I've been through the same thing and feel like I could help :)
I think we would make the universe dead trying to decide who is 'first' and who is the 'second'
Then social media tried to get that to be called Subby McSubface instead seeing as it was indeed the remote Sub which was called Boaty McBoatface. Its sad that they didn't commit to the public vote which they gave out but at least we got Boaty McBoatface out of it.
What setting is that? I tried to find it in settings and set it to A but when I press A, literally nothing happens. No target, no smartcast, no movement, no attack. Which option is for attack move champs only?
Are you every overwatch teammate ever?
What happens if we both get 4?
That's why you never buy dropped/dented cans of soup or such products.
Mine reduces them so people can get them cheap, then they get thrown out if no one buys them so its not that bad.
Really? Sometimes I tend to hear Reaper stomping around and sometimes less so, but that might be down to playing heroes that move around more.
I don't even live with my girlfriend and we do this when we spend a weekend at one of our houses. Where did the communication go?
That dog looks more happy to see someone than any dog I have ever seen being angry. I'd love to see whether it was a happy or angry dog.
The jaw line improves so much with the smile, the eyes also get wider with the angle and her face gets smaller when she moves away from the camera.
I don't get it. But if I do get it, it's incredibly lazy.
He looks away to jump and you can see the child running towards him. He apologies and is clearly sorry... Another parent blaming someone else when they can't watch their child properly. Besides, how long did it take her to come over/notice anything had happened?
Obligatory crossed out text
&gt; the fat/ugly one will be flattered and convince her friends all night how cute and nice you must be But how would that help get the one that is the intended target of the guy? Also, with the feel compelled. I would get that, but how would something like "penny for your thoughts.. But a drink instead?" go down?
I've been thinking about this and it goes both ways. Either 1. 35 years is way too harsh for the crime committed 2. The pardon is way too early for the sentence applied
Alright, your turn. I've already stolen once.
Huh, cool. So why "orb"?
"Do i just right click or do i try to move and outplay slightly?" Unless my attack speed is high enough i spend maybe too much time kiting/orb walking
/uj, if you want to play cod multiplayer, don't bother with pc. Servers are mostly dead and you'll be cut to tdm or domination and lucky when there's more people for other modes.
Of course
I think the turn rates is something I couldn't handle on dota. Leagues balances items and ranges for all the champions so its not as big an issue.
But almost anyone could do it better than that.
Leagues has some serious balancing issues and it takes them so long to actually focus on it and then they fuck up something else at the same time. Shifting the meta but making it the same: "Play this or get fucked up by that thing you didn't play" Obviously people still pick other stuff for fun so its not always vs the stomps. I like leagues because it has a pretty low skill floor and high skill ceiling. Dota was just so much harder to learn and really put me off.
Thanks, I really wanted to know the photo details of that and it's all on the link :)
I get quite nervous walking over them but it is quite thrilling. I feel like I could fall through the gaps and get trapped. Or maybe I'll accidentally somehow drop something important down there like my keys or my phone and I'll never be able to get it out.
With what? It says Kids clothing home, I wanted to put it in bold and realised the effect it has and I commented on that
Sorry. I wasn't clear. My "come on" was in reference to "How the fuck do people/graphic designers think this is ok"
"ok that makes sense i cant put emphasis on anything" I wanted to bold the word clothing and it messed up. So as realisation I said that.
I think the problem with that was literally talking to myself.
Yep :( that was unfortunate lol
Its still going after the edits... not sure, i think its just people joining in with a jerk now. My second edit came around -20 but apprently people still find something to hate
That was for emphasis. Not **A** slut... usually **The** Slut.
I've heard the same and thought that also. Turns out its balls? Alrighty then TIL
That's what I would have assumed, default of gay = dick. Of course it will be hard to find someone but I'm sure it'll happen. But you get to be more comfortable in your own body so that's something right? :P
[He doesn't want to go :(](https://i.imgur.com/ucQIJoF.png)
Watch the video. They say "we think you're *bleep*" and he continues to not tell them his name and swears at them Police say "But we have no choice then but to arrest you" Because he's not telling them his name. This was the most polite arrest I have ever seen until the maybe-a-bit-early taser
I said I believed it! Ty for the link :)
YES PLEASE HOLY SHIT YES YES YES I LOVE JHIN PLEASE BE WHAT THIS MEANS IM SO EXCITED CAN YOU TELL IM EXCITED AHHHH JHIN PLEASE YES EDIT: I WAS SO EXCITED BY THE COMMENT I MISSED JHINS GUN IN THE ACTUAL PICTURE WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This is probably the millenial attitude. Older generations would care more but with the access to the internet and porn and shit, the younger generation generally doesn't think this has too much effect on their potential in their position.
I don't know either but i don't question it because people will think I'm stupid. Thanks for taking the bullet. Also someone answer this dudes question!
I've played 75 days and I have all champions and 20+ runes pages with well equipped runes. But I spent money, 75 days playtime and I have 200 hours playtime on games i spend £30-40 on. I have spent £344 on League which is about right for 200 hours per £40 game. Check money spent here: http://privacy.riotgames.com/en_US/
Change... is good
Any champs I bought were on sale, I thought if I could get them for IP for free I'd need a good deal to spend money on them. The last few were 6300IP which I used champ shards to get as you can buy them in the store and its less IP than the full 6300 if you reroll :P I've done a lot of mystery gifting and have bought skins on sale if I don't super want them and just the awsome ones when I need them (all Jinx skins), Ekko release Project. Going to get more IP for blood moon jhin haha
Hey dude, question: &gt;If you are not done with your studies, what is your aspired educational attainment? * Should have an option for "not applicable" rather than "none"
From the 70s? Sweet, it's just a shame that the private lives and exploiting ones own sexuality still has negative connotations to a lot of people. Agreed with the work thing, drugs, drunk, orgies etc as long as everyone involved is happy, doesn't matter as long as it doesn't affect your work.
Haha holy shit. Maybe that's why Ann Summers are bringing out their own version I think? Or putting all the wevibes on sale. Sub £70 last I checked
I like teeth! Not chomping, but a little nibble-chew
Receiving Tea and ~~biscuits~~ blowjobs are great.
Really? Cool
Which is the issue that causes body blocking. gotta try this zooming shit
With how long they last + how often you have sex. They're pretty cost effective.
Eddie "The Eagle" I guess flying through the air, so we gotta go off a ski ramp or do it during a skydive...
Don't want children. Pill makes hormones messed up. Yep :) We got textured ones so the whole feeling isn't removed.
I definitely hate the smooth ones, we started with textured and trying out the normals one... OOF, what the fuck and why do people do that to themselves?!!? Yea we hate kids too that's why we don't want them.
Fine, that's true but 30 levels is ok for a good amount of runes. Also, tier 2 runes cost literally 1ip so at low levels an ok rune page isn't stupid expensive.
Exactly. Its unfortunate but there's no changing it without surgically assured mutilation so I'ma hold.
&gt;As a matter of fact I am currently set to marry &gt;2 months into our relationship &gt;This all happened about 4 years ago And there's me dating this same bitch for almost 6 years and we're not even engaged yet. So many similar stories and timings to this... Damn reddit, you work fast
Its sad that someone who would love to have children or might look forward to having children would be infertile while those who don't want children or are horrible parents seem to have children either whenever they want or just accidentally give birth.
Currently, Rengar runs in and blows up a squishy, team tried to respond but he cleanses out of CC and becomes immune taking an easy 1 for 0 trade. I just want to be able to kill him or chain CC to help the target...
People that tip always got faster service from me, even if I don't like them, its like they're paying for the premuim so i feel like its fair
Exactly, then that makes me wonder why or how it was there but I'll never know
You don't have to apologise. On the internet, no one knows you're white.
Whilst and while can also be used interchangeably. They both have the same meaning but whilst has mostly fallen oit of american language.
Haha this was cool
Can confirm, do not have right to own a gun.. Also have significantly lower rate of school shootings/any shootings
Im agreeing with &gt;Americans greatly overestimate their quality of life compared to the rest of the developed world But I'll try.. With a minimum wage of $15/hour I honestly don't know where the money goes. You have so much insurance to pay for and living must cost more in general if that's the minimum for most places and people can't live on it. Healthcare, many more countries have healthcare that is paid for by taxes and provided to everyone rather than being forced into health insurance. Crimerates are pretty flat where I live, you know the bad areas and you know the better areas but no where is terrible especially for my salary, I could live down the road and double my troubles/crime area on the same living costs. I can agree that the better lived white collar might be better than that of other countries but I won't agree as I don't know enough. All I can say is that I completely agree with the original comment from yokayla. Overstated freedom and quality of life.
Isn't that something the supreme court hasn't taken a stance on so individual states are allowed to have their own laws for such things? Whereas when the supreme court does have a ruling, it applies to everywhere?
I'm assuming a lot too so no biggy :) I don't doubt that, people being paid 3x the amount of my entire family still seem to find ways to be out of pocket all the time. I'm not sure if its about the lifestyles but I see it quite often... But I also don't know about higher class US lifestyle either so I wouldn't know.
Equally, for men to be smooth all over?
THINK OF THE CHILDREN
Cool, so it probably works better than I first thought. That seems like the best way to do it, general rule allowing others to do what they want with it unless it is significantly harmful. "Let people get married you fucks" Is a lot more necessary than "Let people get high on whatever they like maaan"
I'm out and not drinkinng anything but i had a good internal guffaw
Nice, does it lighten them up and make you seem a bit more alive? And it just adds to confidence too.. I used to have dark circles under my eyes and I bought some foundation for them which worked quite well until they went away.
My really *really* good condoms are ribbed + dotted. Pretty fuckin' good for a condom, much better than the shitty smooth ones. But damn do the rib dots work wonders...
I enjoyed it.
So am I! haha, does your keyboard have the enter button or it it just the "done" button? Works the same for me when I leave a gap.
I'm not going to see it. And when I do see it, it won't be as a monster hunter film. It will be a dragon/combat/action film (i hope)
Well then use that one twice and leave gaps, silly!
How would you use the massive circle to masturbate?
5 arms 2 cards 5th feb?
Youdontsurf invading ragecomics? I'll accept
He works wonders vs tanks but anything like a fighter does much better vs him. I go for cd builds and farm the lane and win with BC but at the same timw othwr champs have better roam potential earlier on so end up getting kills elsewhere.
I believe there is a discord which would be good to join :) I joined it but I must admit I've never used it :/ https://discordapp.com/invite/monsterhunter
Nice one dude! What were you doing before nursing? Helmets are awesome!
I knew it! I was contemplating adding an (ette?) after dude but we're all dudes anyway. You get to ride the bikes you deliver to people!?
We still use couriers here. Couldn't get a bike booking so we just used a cab company where I work. Doesn't seem like much money in it though.
City Sprint is one company I know still does quick courier things. Well hell yeah it would beat the traffic, enough red lights and stops you can wave through all the congestion.
Oh my yes. I was watching like "wait? We're definitely not meant to be seeing this now. Like at all"
Did a friend mess with it and rebind it to go back twice? I haven't heard of it so I'm just speculating, sorry.
Playing around gold is amazing because most of the time it means the Yasuo doesn't know how to play Yasuo himself! In ranked, I can pick Xerath into him quite comfortably. I get the benefit of Q going through wind wall and they aren't good enough to block the Stun as they dash towards me. Plus Yasuo is squish and xerath loves enemy squish.
Get watching everyone. It doesn't mean much, but its a little bit of fun when we see this in a few year and see that little bump and think "I was part of that"
Make it a thing then. Money pot and a good pocket of cash. Take a single out every time and start saving!
Wow i thought this was just a visual glitch. Nice test!
Holy shit seriously? I've never heard of the building one but that would explain cars driving through buildings if your client forgets the building is there...
Woooo! But "expert"? Really? It's not hard to think that handbrake = stop
But the car was just rolling, and had already stopped... In this scenario, I have no idea what pedal does what, that isn't my car, I'd probably go to the back of the car and hold it with this guy and get myself stuck in the same situation he's in of just standing there holding it
The car was not moving. She had time to think.
I stand by my comment. You're coming across to me as high and mighty. Taking a moment in a stationary car isn't too outlandish to suggest.
Same, and that was when I was on holiday. But there are so many others I've never even seen a silhouette of.
But how do you not get mouth burns?
Sexual fantasy gone wrong though... this isn't that. And well done, you just perfectly explained not being selfish! Gold star!
Hmm, ok, in that case that is the door glitch? You walk through an open door but teleport outside repeatedly. Your client is telling the server you're walking in, but the server is telling your client "no, the door is still closed" So how do cars end up in buildings?
She freaked the oldies the fuck out with her bringing up the asset sale to pay for care. She then "u-turned" and introduced the 100K cap. Even though the **current** cap is about 22.5K. So just because she mentioned it, everyone is freaking out over the care thing directed towards her.
SOMA. I watch gameplay more than I play seeing as I tend to play MOBAs. But SOMA was just so significant in what it spoke about. Getting past the weird stuff, the question of what is "alive" and what happens if you were to robotically/digitally replicate your brain. Is that still you?
Per use, i can throw in "div" every five uses.
Just something that you see a lot about porn. [Literally a top /r/starterpacks post right now lol](https://www.reddit.com/r/starterpacks/comments/6fe5in/the_moments_after_jerking_off_starterpack/). Finding something that you genuinely enjoy seems healthier imo That's what I mean by having a one on one and surrounded by a group haha, the idea of not caring about being seen etc
Must say i haven't heard that one. Donut would be my nutty themed insult.
Originally, this was an anecdote about Max Aitken A.K.A Lord Beaverbrook. Written as an anecdote by a newspaper columnist O.O McIntyre, printed a version of the anecdote that he says was sent to him as a newspaper clipping. &gt;“They are telling this of Lord Beaverbrook and a visiting Yankee actress. In a game of hypothetical questions, Beaverbrook asked the lady: ‘Would you live with a stranger if he paid you one million pounds?’ She said she would. ‘And if be paid you five pounds?’ The irate lady fumed: ‘Five pounds. What do you think I am?’ Beaverbrook replied: ‘We’ve already established that. Now we are trying to determine the degree.” This uses "live with" instead of sleep with, portrays the time period this would have been from. Source: http://quoteinvestigator.com/2012/03/07/haggling/
No, this is why hitler is alive. Everyone wants to go back to kill hitler, but anyone wanting to go further back saves his life, that counts as saving a guys life. What would be better is accepting him to art school and really telling him how good he was at art. He would feel good about himself, not become they hitler we know and also you'd save lives without having to actually kill anyone.
Or join the judges and accept him to his first choice. Make him happier than having to settle, better good deed!
The houses ones were very telling from an ELI5 post recently. Along the lines of "How did boomers kill/fuck up the housing situation for millenials" Owning three houses is definitely fucking something up. Yes he answered, but answering questions and asking stuff like this is how you reveal to people how real problems are.
Yea they need to dry and pretty much walk out of it themselves right? This looks really icky
Haha wow. Mine is Iain Duncan Smith. It might be worth looking at the dates as well as they are quite telling. People might be "U-turning" but sometimes it is a genuine change of opinion. Originally Iain voted against reducing the age of consent for gay sex from 18 to 16 in 1998, can't see a newer one there. Also he voted NO on Adoption and Children Bill — Suitability Of Adopters in 2002 but YES on Same sex couple to marry in 2013. That means there needs to be a new vote on "Adoption and Children Bill — Suitability Of Adopters" because of the changes to marriage...
Current plans. https://puu.sh/wdiVn/545e92996e.png
More importantly banning encryption. Because its not like that won't convince people that vpns and the dark net are fine alternatives.
That move for cait was sweet. Their team was mostly dead and you went for the highest threat for the rest of the fight, even if she had killed you, you got her down low enough she wouldn't have been able to kite it out.
This is how i understood it too. Along with quoting "big deal" entirely out of context, he was trying to put a spin on Comey's testimony before they're even finished.
&gt;sorry if saying "sort of boyfriend" is weird As someone said, no need to make excuses. Even if you had no boyfriend, you're allowed to turn people down. But its good you got to have the 100% honest bf response.
Crawlin around at the speed of sound
The worst thing was a buzzfeed video recently. A few of them foster dogs to see what its like and potentially adopt them. They kept calling them doggos/puppers ths entire video. This is serious though, call them dogs ffs.
Go on, go on, go on, go on, Go on!
I actually have so far chosen to believe she is something like the Man in ["The Egg" by Andy Weir](http://www.galactanet.com/oneoff/theegg_mod.html). In that she is constantly living lives, reincarnating and experiencing everything about this universe and that's why she loves evolution etc
This is the most doomed to fail post I have ever seen.
[Sorry for off topic, I was inspired](http://imgur.com/a/pVyIk)
Couldn't find that on giphy. Awesome
He has also been given £100k in benefits which likely means he's living on benefits. That pretty much defaults to being entitled to having legal fees paid for you as well.
This is super hard to suggest. There is such a wide variation of game genres and also sub genres. Do you want to get lost in a world? Ranging from MMOs, **GTA**, **WoW**, down to **Minecraft** and **The Sims**. Sims is more of a simulation game. Do you want to follow a story? Huge area of games, **Halo Reach** has a story, a Story telling game like "**To The Moon**" is just amazing. **SOMA** is about the best story narrative game I've ever played. Do you want to figure out puzzles? **Portal** is an fps puzzle game, good guidance and hand holding and then throws you into the rest of the puzzles with a great story behind it. Sorry I don't know many of these :( Do you want a very simple game? As someone said, **tetris**, **minecraft** is still simple, **pokemon** is simple and long lasting, various amounts of side scrollers and platformers. Do you want action? Triple A games like **CoD**, **Halo**, **Battlefield**. These are the worst games to start on imo as they are more gamer-oriented but they have difficulty settings. The problem with these will be the controls. A new gamer using a controller has too many buttons to learn all at once, which is why it would be best to start with something simple. Theres **Binding of Isaac** I would say is action but a top down view, simple shoot and dodge but gets very hard from what I've seen. Isaaac would teach things like health and power ups quite nicely though along with being simple (imo). Do you want racing? SO MANY racing games, ranging from serious to silly, we have Rally to **mario kart** and then different amounts of controls within them, with the gear changes or being able to drift or just holding go and steering. Do you want to watch the game you play, Management Games? This is the Sims thing. Games such as **The Sims**, **City Skylines**, **Sim City**, **Rollercoaster/Zoo/Themepark/ Tycoon**, **Slime Rancher**, **Prison Architect**. A lot of these are very in depth, I'm not into them myself but if you like details, City Skylines I have seen my brother play and it gets deep. I have a fidget game, **One Finger Death Punch**. It uses literally 2 buttons but is very satisfying to play, click to murder other stick men running at your guy. Different game modes like dodge, quick attack mode, survival.
Firstly, a man doesnt have to be homo to receive anal sex. /r/pegging is a thing and also prostate anal toys for men. Prostate orgasm is a real thing but happens on different levels and can have different levels of ease person to person. I remember a reddit thread where a guy used a drumstick (instrument) and exploded from it. But others barely feel anything. They are different feelings, erection can happen but it doesn't have to, and one can cum without an erection. I believe the refraction period still happens to penis after cumming from anal as it is still cum but I'm not 100% on that. But prostate stim/penis stim are different because they're different places although they can both lead to the same thing. Think clit/g-spot on girls. Both can cause orgasm, but are different places.
Caught my first and only ever Lapras on the 11th... BEFORE the event started! What are the chances?!
Calling you
Standing on my feet
My brother very young cycled super fast down a hill, flipped over at least once. Smashed his hemlet and split his chin open and broke his jaw. Hes sitting there pouring blood oit of hix chin, "ivgh groken mah gaw" so calmly
&lt;uj&gt; honestly though, aren't nintendo just safe? They have a whole nintendo-genre that other people can't or don't really do. New ones like splatoon worked so well... I didnt even know there was competitive til recently. They might not have "won" but they sure aren't going to die &lt;/uj&gt;
One huge culprit of this: Konosuba. Holy shit the amount of butt and upskirt shit, the premise is pretty good and it works pretty well but there's so much fan service... Just not what I'm here for. That being said, Keijo is amazing but also because of how self aware it is.
If it's not in a support mail they can't track it so easy? That was a nice dude turning a blind eye.
Our universe was created along with a lot of others with pre-assigned rules and laws that we follow, such as passage of time, speed of light, strength of gravity etc. We were created by alternate dimension, or super-dimensional beings, but we are an unexpected outcome of the universe, the stars collided, space exploded and life began. The being watch us and learn, because all they want to do is learn. And because we have free will, we never run out of things for them to learn.
My hot cousin turned out to not be my cousin. Just because of that family friend adult being called "auntie" to children.
I thought it was going to Zoom out to a Send Nudes
Sometimes, adults call their family friends "aunts" for the sake of building a closer relationship between that friend and the child. This leads to confusion where non-blood relations are called aunts/uncles despite not being that.
Wow nice. That shelf above the battlestation is my goal. Me and my partner are moving soon, what are the dimensions of your room? Corner desks might be quite good for us to have
@7.30pm GMT+9. What does this format mean? I am in GMT. So do i take 9 hours off? Welp, it started streaming 43 minutes ago, so I guess so?
Plasterboard in the UK.
As a straight man who likes my butt stuff, I find that so strange but meh, you do you^^^^or ^^^^not.
Just having a look at how much room you have in there. At the moment, I'm squishes between my bed and desk with the door opening onto the desk behind it, if opened too fast, the door can push my monitor forwards and knock my keyboard off lol That looks very spacious compared to what we have now.
I disliked BODMAS vs BIDMAS as the O was for "pOwers" and that just isn't how acronyms work
This is so wholesome
Great. So now women are Bagspreading, AND Manspreading?!
&gt;Whistling Ha
I know all about dairy with the constant breeding to keep the milk coming. I just choose the path of the omnivore. Whist I am not vegan/vegetarian myself, I still like to learn or at least hear about it and respect choices of others.
Thats what i meant by breeding. Breeding/sexed/raped to keep impregnating and lactating
I don't disagree, and i would love for lab made meat to become real. But my belief is as the dominant species, we can eat what we produce, in this case, farms and hatcheries.
I'm not sure on the dynamics on this sub and why you're at 0 but here's a plus 1 for being civil. A coworker bought in tofu recently. Ima try it because its an alt food but the lucky eggs are the extra bonus.
Nope
I mean... Race and species are completely different. Races can interbreed and produce viable offspring. Interspecies very rarely (i think never) produce viable offspring. A superior race, lets harken to slavery, is not true as that is the same species: human. If there was a superior being: aliens that wanted to eat us for example. We would likely lose and be used as food or slaves or whatever they like. We might try to fight it, but whoever wins, that just means that one is the superior species who can do what they will the the opposition. I agree with magnego, mutants are the future. Doesnt mean all humans have to die asap and thats where i disagree. But mutants and humans can coexist until one dies out.
As i said in another comment, race and species are completely different. Comparing apples to the moon.
Honestly? Yes. But also no. Of course i would join the resistance. I would fight against it and we might win if there were vegan aliens that helped liberate the humans. What I'm saying, is it they are strong and developed enough to do it. We can't stop them. But if human vegans as it stands tried to liberate cows/pigs/chickens from the current practices, i doubt they would really do so well to help in liberating themselves.
I wrote why in a comment in this thread. I'll link and elaborate once I'm home. https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/6ititu/the_happy_egg_company_comments_on_male_chicks/dj96gqj/
Holding it down, guillotine, scythe. Yea pretty much. More humane than hunter gathering, shooting it with an arrow and letting it bleed to death while chasing it for miles. Before you mention that we've evolved, I would say yes we have, and we've become very efficient at it.
Well... Yes. This is the way of nature. Morality can play into the method of killing, but eventually we will dominate the entire surface of this world or kill it. The space for animals will be as food, or gone.
&gt;doing terrible things is irrelevant to our ethical decisions. You don't look at the worst you can find in reality, then either copy that or try to do a bit better. You logically and rationally determine what is right, then do that. Ethics and morals are different to evolution and survival of the fittest. They contrast, and one trumps the other. &gt;Again, try to be consistent in your beliefs. Would you ever say "well, that pedophile rapes children and I only beat them, so that's fine?" Of course not. Don't use the same terrible reasoning elsewhere, then. You're using people on people as an example. This is still different when it comes to species. &gt;You have a really bad problem with holding inconsistent beliefs. I strongly recommend some introspection. Challenge your beliefs. See if they are sound. Make sure that you are believing what you believe for good reasons. If you aren't, then any attempts at being a good person or doing the right thing can easily fail (as they are with your non-vegan acts right now). You're just telling me I'm wrong and immoral. That could be said about anything that someone doesn't agree with and is not an argument. My beliefs are consistent. The current industry standards are whack. It is a worldwide bystander effect where ethics do not apply to the food industry and yet they do apply when it comes to science and experimentation. However, it is evolution refined. We are the fittest and strongest, and as I've mentioned everywhere else, that pretty much makes eating animals ok. As I mentioned the bystander effect, I appreciate that vegans and vegetarians are the ones standing against it, you are the ones saying "no, this is wrong". But you're also not very realistic. I mentioned elsewhere about there not being enough space on this planet for all species. The alternative in the distant future if we are to not eat animals, is for all animals to be extinct save for the dominant species. If animals don't play into out sustainability, they will die out.
And then they all die out because we don't need animals anymore.
Ok, lets start eating 2 year old humans as well? No. The potential is there for humans to grow and develop. This isn't chicken run. They're not going to build some plane out of their shacks and escape. They're chickens, they eat the see, lay eggs and are non the wiser to everything that happens until they're about to die. You can compare cognition of species. Its a whole different brain structure and potential. Also, if an **adult** pig is as smart as a 2 year old. That's still pretty dumb. And, if you're going to use age in this, lets only eat baby animals instead. That seems to make you happier. Because individual baby animals are dumber than the respective adults.
Playing overwatch in lobby/loading and swapping to LoL is so difficult. HOW DO I MOVE ?!?!
We were told that if you took LSD, it stays in your system literally forever and there was a lady that saw her baby as a bunch of rats like 20 years later and threw it and killed it.
Seems a bit deep but with a bit of work I'm sure I'd be able to fish that out. More than 2 seconds but less that hospital trip.
What changed about him?
Careful with this guys. I'm not in america but I remember a bunch of posts of people waiting months for their mouse. I thought the Core was discontinued so they might be clearing stock, that means there might not be enough to cover orders. But if you order and they can't supply, UK law would mean they have to supply it, refund or an equivalent. If you guys have the same, nothing to lose!!
The **two** rules.
Yea it is. I'm just being pedantic =P
Sorry, you cannot use the same letter adjacent to itself.
Back when floppy disc games were still a thing, i was playing santas elves bowling and Ski. There were some animations on the internet. One was Radiskull and Devil Doll. My White Whale is another animation of this Alien. I believe it was called "google" the alien had one eye kind of on a stalk, it was white and the one I remember was a visit to the doctors where google ate the doctors thermometer. There were a few but that is my vivid memory of it. http://imgur.com/a/cRtVN this is what i remember him looking like.
Number clickers is an amazing way to explain it. I already understood it from the other comments, but if someone had said imagine base is the amount of sides on the roller in numer clickers, I would have gotten that straight away. The new column description got it for me.
I know how to do it but it's a secret.
I haven't played on the new patch yet. But my brother knew of this before me and even when marking our landing and dropping at the same time, he would always be waaayyyy ahead of me. Holding W to dive down makes you go however fast, then what you want to do it let go of W as your height indicator reaches the parachute zone. For some reason your character carries on going pretty fast while the parachute releases. I would imagine its something to do with the skydive animation changing to gliding (no press W) rather than the dive animation (holding W)
I replied with it as a top level comment :)
GG &lt;3
Get ready to hit the gym, OP.
My area has what I'm pretty sure are spoofers in mine already. Constantly topped up to 100% CP. Always 6 Pokes and fucking Blissey as the first pokemon that is impossible to beat in the time limit anyway. Nothing has changed, still can't take down a gym, still can't get into one.
