Maybe it is correct?
Roland was the coolest dude on the planet....
Gaige is one of the two most OP characters in the game. Who the hell told you that she wasn't great solo? My gods she has a 8 ft floating mech to work with.
The game came out almost 7 years ago and you still haven't finished it. Probably even bought a used copy of the GOTY edition. I seriously doubt you are the demographic that they are aiming at....
Doesn't dance. Wouldn't buy.
Isn't over simplification cute?
So black people are just burned white people?
Jenny is putting things in her cooter.
Wait....you've seen the movie 100+ times and think that Ruby Rhod is Chris Rock? You are the most unobservant person I have ever met.
I don't know. You're the one that whipped out the racist card. Do you think you are a racist?
There is actually a name for this: [Megatsunami](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatsunami)
Hey kids you wanna see some sweet pics that have been reposted on here at least a couple dozen times before? FTFY
Duke Nukem
I will never understand the need to post or read these posts. Basically it comes down to, "Look, I bought things"
Okay, how about I wish death on the owners that have taken this poor retarded creature and done everything they can to milk her deformities for their own profit?
I wander why?
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
Guess you never heard of the red ring of death.
Child learns nothing from this.
I'd love to use Brick to punch everyone off the moon.
Not seeing a big market for this unless it can be configured for gaming
Wasn't that sort of a given?
They had a problem running Fallout 3 on the PS3. Why would anyone think they were going to deal with the memory issues they had with that game for FO4?
They had enough problems getting FO3 working on the PS3? WTF would anyone think that FO4 is going to be on it?
Dude it isn't your fault. Just blame /r/pcmasterrace
The problem isn't how much RAM it had, it is how it was broken down. Both the Xbox 360 and PS3 have 512MB of RAM, but where Xbox 360 just has a huge chunk of it for everything, the PS3 split it 50/50 between Graphics and Processing. Where they fell short is that they should have probably put more in the Processing and less in the Graphics. More like a modern computer. This split is why in the later stages of the cycle of the PS3 the Graphics were actually better than the Xbox 360 because in house designers like Naughty Dog showed people how to maximize the the Graphics RAM. Meanwhile Bethesda didn't care about that, they just tried to shoe-horn the game into the remaining 256MB of Processing RAM and caused all of the problems.
Great. The Flash just effed up your pizza.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity in these posts. 'Too' much air? Really? Actually it is mostly pure nitrogen. Also, if the nitrogen wasn't in there the chips would break and get crushed in transit. So I would say that while it does have nitrogen it it, it isn't 'too' much for the task required.
You're an idiot.
Don't even try. This is another one of those facts that the reddit circle jerk just can't understand.
No it doesn't. Chips are sold by weight, not volume. More chips equal more weight so more cost. Unless the packaging becomes a problem, greater volume doesn't increase cost.
The argument is that the stunt was about if there is 'too' much 'air' in the bags. Everyone agrees that there is a gas in the bags, nitrogen, but to say that it is 'too' much is just stupid. First, chips are sold by weight, not volume. So the added air means nothing to the cost. Second, if you didn't have the nitrogen in there, then the chips would be broken and crushed in transit. That is why crisps like Pringles have to be made out of potato mash and then shaped to so they stack in transit. Finally, it isn't 'air', it's nitrogen. The nitrogen is there to keep freshness which means they don't have to put more preservative into the chips. So stating that there is 'too much air' in the bags just means that you are too stupid/lazy to actually know why something is done the way it is done.
So basically you're saying that Koreans are too stupid to check to make sure they are buying by weight and not volume.
That isn't what I asked there skippy. Just look at a bag and tell me.
Labyrinth did it better.
Damn you are a fucking moron. One simple question and you turn it into an argument. Sorry if my original question was asking for a little education about how food is actually sold in your backassward country. Remember, you caused this by. I just wanted to learn something about your culture. Fuckwad.
Don't. Buy. The. Product. Or are you such little children that your country has to hold your hand all the time.
Yea, this from a fucking idiot that can't even follow one simple request to help another person understand the issue. Just wants to sit there and whine like some punk. "Oh please daddy government. Protect me. I am just a simple farmer and can't be expected to take care of myself." whine whine whine.
Go ahead. Lay your head down. Knowing that you don't need to think because your government is looking out for all of your pathetic little needs.
Yea like assholes like you don't label an entire country of 400 million all the shit you label us. Please go fuck yourself.
No healthcare. You fucking idiot.
I thought it was way past your bed time. You know so you can get up and go to your WoW gold farming job.
tl;dr: Past your bed time child.
Seek help.
This is the stupidest shit on the planet.
Look at this skippy: http://www.target.com/p/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-playstation-4/-/A-15177872#prodSlot=medium_1_1&amp;term=witcher+3 Not only did I get to wait until they patched the one thing that was going to annoy the hell out of me but I can now buy it for $18 off.
Corgis rule and other dogs drool.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity that surrounds what people 'believe' they know about this breed.
I can't count out Abbrederis because I saw him play in college and he just has this way about him that makes me think he is going to be great in the pros.
The real question is: Is he willing to take a pay cut so that the Ravens will keep him, since we all know that he was WAY over paid on his last contract?
Not at all. The first corgi was just a genetic mutation that surprisingly bred true. If you look up corgi and other breed mixes almost all of them have the corgis dwarfism showing that it is actually a dominate trait. So no there hasn't been any more selective breeding with corgis than say a golden retriever or german shepard.
Are you a complete idiot? Selective breeding is a unique or rare desirable trait in a species and then breeding them with only other ones with that trait to keep it. While it is true that selective breeding in say animals like pugs and turkeys is a complete shame, but corgis aren't selectively breed. They are just bred. The dwarfism isn't unique any specific dog it is a trait of the breed as a whole. Not using a corgi for their speed and short stature is the same as not using a dog for finding drugs or bombs. Are you saying we shouldn't do that? As for munchkins, they were not really selectively bred. A munchkin cat was born and sired more. Now after that there might have been selective breeding, I don't know, but this is a fairly resent breed that just in the last couple of years was recognized as a true breed and think they are still debating that. Corgis happened 400+ years ago that we know of. There wasn't a lot of selective breeding in the highlands of Wales at the time.
Also as a couple of people noted below, a really bad meat cleaver. I guess the metal in the saw blade isn't very good for making cleavers with.
How it talking the truth, bad?
See, I was thinking you were only talking about Super Bowls, because I didn't think you were stupid enough to not know that Antonio has been in 11 playoff games over his career. http://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/C/CromAn20/gamelog/#stats_playoffs P.S. Your Seahawks have only made the playoff only 14 times. They have won 27 games.
That is from 2 years ago, obviously talking about the 2012 season.
R&amp;C is a Sony exclusive and always will be.
No you don't because you are a fucking bot.
Graphic doesn't make any sense. If two fingers up is for 2 in the front, how is a fist for 5 in the rear? Should just be an open hand.
Currently on the roster. Besides there is already a statue to him outside the stadium.
That is awesome.
1. Duke Nukem 2. Duke Nukem 3. Duke Nukem
Just ignore this asshat. Look at his post history. The guy has a huge hardon for heavy people to the point of assholeness that I have never seen before.
A - Did you see the name of the poster? B - It is common knowledge that havok_bot is a bot that just pulls from tumblr and posts on here. For some reason the MODs allow it on here.
Can't even watch the whole .gif. Riding that would just make me throw up in the slide.
I heard they taste kinda salty.
Really? You haven't watched enough food porn.
"Unlike Activision, Bethesda hasn't once sold themselves out for exclusivity rights".....You never heard of Fallout 3?
Not bad for something that is only 40% done.
American to Canadian exchange rates...
Yes!
Baxter! How many times do I have to tell you that I don't speak Spanish?
Who said he is? He is still the lead actor on one of the hottest movies of this year and also last year. He can basically demand any price he wants on his next film that he isn't already contracted for.
You do realize that they learned from the RDJ contract for Iron Man and most of the new contracts after that were for multiple movies. Chris is already contracted for the next 2 Guardians movies. I'm talking about anything outside of that.
Flavor of the month? Okay skippy. Let's just forget that he was in Guardians and the Lego Movie last year. Is already signed up for the Magnificent Seven reboot. The ceiling is pretty damn high for him right now. Outside of say Channing Tatum you have to say that he is one of top young lead actors out there right now.
&gt; that he isn't already contracted for [i.e. Guardians 2] I guess you missed this part of my post.
A - Have you seen box offices for [Tom Cruise](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000129/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1), [Brad Pitt](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000093/?ref_=nv_sr_1) and [Sandra Bullock](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000113/?ref_=nv_sr_1) movies lately? They aren't drawing like they use too. B - Again, he has been in 3 of the biggest movies of the last 2 years. Even if he isn't a draw yet in your mind, he sure as hell a draw in the mind of people that make movies. Once you are attached to movies that make almost a billion dollars, your scale goes up. Most of those names you put up there didn't start making money until they were attached to a big box office hit or won an Oscar. He has had 3 in just his first 5 movies where he is a main or major character. He is going to be getting $20M+ per movie after this current contracts are up.
Knew I should have looked the quote up first. Still. Chill the fuck out.
That dude had some serious psychological problems.
1. Shoot all the things. 2. Open all the things you can't shoot. 3. Duck when your shield is down.
Lefty freak.
Dream on. There isn't going to be another Borderlands. Gearbox already made all the money on the planet and want to make sure that other game companies get a chance at the pie.
Damn shit weasels!
Wasn't this for Zero Dark Thirty?
They are all females.
The one thing that I see that really stands out is that this is the 10th time this season that the producer has dropped the ball. I don't have time to go back through this season of Tabletop to see where they made mistake, but I'm pretty sure that Wil has already eaten a lot of crow on Youtube for these mistakes. At some point, you just have to stop beating yourself up and tell the people what is really going on. Was it a little unprofessional? Maybe, but then again, we don't know the whole story and it looks like he is also explaining why the producer won't be back if they do a 4th season.
Then how the hell do you know you didn't like the New one if you didn't see it?
Little late for that.
Pryor's problem wasn't really accuracy. It was that he can't read defenses to save his life.
&gt; The original was all I watched. ????
Well at least you can still milk him for some BS karma from some anonymous assholes off of the interwebs.
PS3 already has PS1 compatibility. The problem with PS2 and PS3 is that the PS3 cell processor can't run PS2 games. So they have to basically shoe-horn in a PS2 into the PS3 to get it to run those disks. They did that originally but decided that the cost wasn't worth it since they were more than an Xbox 360. So they removed it.
Come on, we all know that the only reason why Microsoft did this is to try and keep up with Sony. They know that they are majorly behind in market share and doing what they can to keep up. If the race was closer, then they would be doing something like Play Now because they were pushing streaming content even before Sony bought out the company that became Play Now.
Yes
How can you imagine? You are a fucking BOT!
How are you going to say? You are a fucking BOT!
Why isn't this in /r/WTF?
Please no!!!! I like having all the threads be about how someone just bought or is thinking of buying a PS3 and wants to know what good games there are on it.
&gt; Unless they fixed it Hence the reason why I started my post with this. I'm not sure. I haven't had to time to play in amount month now.
Let's see. I was only 8 mths old for the first one, but 1996 was awesome. All the years of watching them be so freaking bad and finally be able to put it all together. It was amazing. 2010 was also great because it was cool to watch Aaron and the guys show that they weren't just Brett. That they were a complete team.
The fact that college coaches can screw over they college to pad their resume and then run to the NFL like nothing happened.
But NFC North rolls off the tongue better than NFC Midwest. Also the North helps define the cold weather nature of those teams.
Wow. That looks like something I have been looking for. A good 4x board game, but man that looks like a lot of effort for set up, play, and breakdown.
I would expect that kind of answer from a Mario Cart fanboy. We can actually have a discussion about the Wii U line up one of these days when they actually start getting some real AAA titles on that console.
Duke Nukem
Please cite the law for me because there has been a number of examples on here where civilian ships have used nuclear power. Also, most cruise ships aren't 'based' out of the USA. They are registered to other countries.
I'm saying the amount was probably, Lots.
Cards Against Humanity
Go
Looks like one of relationships in college.
GTFO?? Seriously. I am having a harder and harder time justifying this game to my friends.
I've got it downloaded also. I have to just play it already and make a choice.
He's dead, Jim.
Nope. Never played. Just was panned so hard when it came out I thought it would be funny for this purpose.
1. Shoot all the things. 2. Open all the things you can't shoot. 3. Duck when you your shield pops.
I really hope he stays healthy. He was a great guy for the team and community here in Columbus. I would like to see him have a long productive NFL career.
Stay classy Cleveland.
I saw a stat on here the other day saying that Wilson is pressured on more plays than any other QB last year. I'm really curious if that is going to increase or decrease with Graham. My gut says increase, so now it is all about if Wilson can adjust to it.
I think he prefers jelly.
Way to go out on a limb there.
Nick Fury was black in the comics first..... Edit: Who the fuck down votes someone for stating a fact?
Strip poker
But in an interview with the creator he never dreamed they would A - make a movie with Nick Fury in it. And B - Think they could actually get SLJ to play said Nick Fury. He just thought he wanted to update the character and who is the baddest ass out there. Samual "Mother Fucking" L Jackson. Don't forget that the change was made way back in 2001. Long before Iron Man the Movie came out in 2008. Marvel was barely treading water at this point. They weren't really thinking about movies yet.
It's okay if you litter in the city. But don't litter in the country. Way to go out on a limb there OP
I've got Red Zone, so I watched them all.
Lighten up, Francis.
The problem with the article is that it is based on such a small defined sub set of card and board games, Traditional games like Old Maid and Chess. What it may be true that those types of games are waning, what isn't true is that in the broader sense card and board games are having a hay day. Also, his assertion is that the cause of the wane in Traditional games is due to computers isn't backed by anything but his opinion. It's a typical crap opinion piece through together because of one statistic, 73% of adults played games when they were kids and only 44% of kids play them now. Since the research was done by a Traditional Card/Board gaming company, I say the research is flawed also. Why would they ask about thing like Pokemon, MtG, Munchkin, Castle Alert, or any of the other dozen or so card and board games out there designed for kids? Also, most of the people on here are complaining that the article is full of opinion with no facts. Seems to me that they all got it pretty much right on the head.
Of course death itself isn't evil. Everything dies. The main goddess of Death is neutral after all. It's Undeath that is typically Evil.
Who the fuck is up voting this shit?
You're not that old. I use to work for Dish 5 years ago and delt with that on a daily basis.
Who?
/r/wasted anyone
[You need to be pretty friendly with the Railroad](/spoiler)
The Book of Bunny Suicides did it better.
They are too expensive.
It's amazing how that bit is confused. Ernie wasn't being a smart ass, but just a lovable clueless doof.
Okay....I think anyone that played Fo3 knows that synths are mentioned in that game. In fact one of the major plots was about a synth.
Halfling??? Have you seen the Mouser Archetype for the Swashbuckler? Makes for a unique take on a front line fighter.
Yea, there are a couple of different ways to go with it. I've been thinking of a way to use the halfling Helpful trait and use Aid Other to increase the rest of the groups AC or To Hit. One way I have seen people build one is to take Butterfly's Sting with a high Crit ratio weapon and then hand out your crits, since you won't be doing a lot of damage with your small weapons. I don't know. Can't find the right mix for me yet.
They have already stated that the PSVR has a separate box that connects to the PS4 that does all the step up processing. So, yea, it is a very real add on to the PS4.
Never wanted to shoot 3 people and a robot in the face more.
But maybe the next one he works on....fingers crossed.
Whether or not a class ability stacks would be defined by the class itself. You can't just arbitrarily say it stacks or not. They might actually come out with a archetype or prestige class that won't stack say Sneak Attack. You need to check the wording.
And you shot her with this???
I stopped trying to figure out the sheeples on reddit.
Alright Skippy. If that is what you need to not slit your wrists, I'll let you be the cool winner here. Have a good day.
And yet another reason not to watch.
What is a bombings cognatogen?
"Sword fight" in the locker room afterwards.
I know what a cognatogen is. I've just never heard of a bomber cognatogen. BTW there is a huge difference between a mutagen and a cognatogen. With a cognatogen, when the duration is over then you take ability damage to to penalized physical stat. That doesn't happen with mutagen.
I hope he wins so that you idiots have to find some other dead horse to beat.
I didn't get a chance to watch the game. Did he drop another TD?
This is awesome because my wife is a nurse and got called in late this weekend to work on an eye surgery. The next day I was asking her how it went and she causally mentioned, "Oh and it was with Lebron". What I didn't know was she meant Dr. Lebron. Was a little excited there.
I don't have to trick my wife. She saw the red ban trailer last week and can't wait for it.
Dragons age is definitely worth it
I heard he ran into a door....
I think it is interesting that people seem to think that if you complain about a game, then you HATE IT! That just isn't true most of the time. You can still love a game but wish it was better. Nothing is perfect.
With Aaron, all things are possible.
I didn't think it was all that bad
Second year in a row th e season ends with me wanting to throw up.
Where the hell is the Merkava?
Yeaaaaaa...that didn't happen
Actually it was a prank. The other delegates got together and convinced them it was "Dress up in your local garb day" and then no one else did it.
My choice. They are the ones that didn't want my money. Fuck them.
No they are not. They have four sides at the base so they would be unbalanced 1d5
Lighten up, Francis.
Screw that. Give me an A-10 Warthog. Armored plane with a huge gun on the front.
This is a joke...right?
The only way I would allow this would be if the unknown card was revealed at the trade. Otherwise it is going against the rules.
Has nothing to do with the field, it has everything to do with the hotel and entertainment spots in Green Bay. If Charlotte can't handle a SB, there is no way GB can.
Sweet. US Nationals in my home town!
Trophy? What are trophies and why do they have anything to do with me enjoying a game?
It's because they are good eating.
Go the archer route for the paladin and they are very combat effective.
/r/wasted
I tried the peyote up there and it turned me into a bird.
Hilarious. My 6 mo old daughter has been on that food for about a month how and I have been saving those trying to find a use for them. I already have a couple of Planos, but still great minds think a like.
You should use the stained ones for Scum :)
Unfortunately, it didn't get awkward. This is a good example of the weak story line in Fo4. Here we have a anti-synth fanatic and she doesn't actually say anything when there is an obvious synth standing right next to her. I was pretty disappointed when I saw this after my play through.
&gt;Helldivers And yes, that game is awesome!
Do you Google, bro?
I've always loved that scene
I'm pretty sure that most of Canada is closer to Illinois then most of the USA.
Don't forget the drop bears.
Yea, but hitting their arms when they are next to 2-3 other mutants is FUN!
Another thing to put on my Zombie Survival list.
Mythbusters did it better like 9 years ago.
I'd say Hold Person. First you hit them with the dagger, they are paralyzed, then coup de grace. One dead person. Edit: Actually this idea is so cool, I'm thinking of using it as a focal point for an assassin character.
I know that. I'm thinking more of an assassin. So surprise round, assassin attacks from shadows and paralyzes opponent. Next round, with a high DEX and probably Improved Init, they go before the their foe so does the coup de grace. I'm not saying it is a every day kind of build, but definitely a very nasty NPC. I'm thinking of a level 3 Death Shaman/lvl 5 Ninja. With a say a +1 spell storing Scythe.
Even if they beat it, they have to make the the spell save. Like I said, I'm not saying it is perfect, but is an interesting combo. As for casting it myself, and then attacking. No. I want to do damage the same round I am casting the hold person. Especially if I am attacking from surprise and get my Sneak Attack. If I just cast it myself, then there is no additional damage. Yea, Hold Person ~~is a touch attack~~ automatic, but pretty much flat foot is going to take care of much of the problems of hitting at all. Hell if you are so worried about them making the save on the Hold Person, then why even cast the spell in the first place. Oh my gods...he might save. There is no reason for me to even try....
but I don't want to make a Transmutation Specialist. I found a cool idea for a character, and that is what I want to make. Not everything has to be min-maxed out. Sorry if in my minds eye I see a scary little death fetish freak jumping out of the shadows with a scythe to take down their prey. Not only do they do a ton of damage on the surprise round but probably get them for the Hold Person. Then next round they calmly line up the soon to be dead person and cut them in half.
So tell me skippy, you've cast your Hold Person from cover [because I can't imagine you casting it in close range and run the risk of an AoO], how do you get over to your target for the full round coup de grace? By putting it on the scythe, I can charge to get into range, attack to do damage, and still get the spell off. That is a lot of economy of actions.
Again, why do you think you can build the perfect character? Everything is chance in this game. Yea, my NPC might miss. Yea, my the target might make the save. Yea, they may roll a higher Init than my NPC. But that is why we play the game. Nothing is perfect. Personally I think it is a cool character design. Sorry if you only play characters that always hit....always go first...always make their saving throws...always win. No offense but characters like that suck.
/u/RedBlimp....are you off your meds again?
The sad part is that you really haven't blown up two issues with my build. 1 - Scythe is a martial weapon. Neither class gives me access to this weapon. 2 - It is very stat heavy. I need STR for the hit. I need WIS for the DC on the Hold Person save, and I need DEX for the high Init. But I was just sorta of throwing this idea together, I hadn't had time to really flesh it out.
You seem to be doing a lot of whining about support in Europe. I wasn't bitching at all. I was just pointing out the fallacy in your logic.
I have not effing clue what you were doing? I can't tell if you are saying my build sucks. I can't tell if you are saying Hold Person sucks. I can't tell anywhere you are going with this because you are all over the place. Just coming up with one illogical comment after another. In the end, I'm done. I have a cool idea that I will probably spring on my PCs. The only thing you have really done is given me an excuse to waste my time at work and since now I am home, I don't need that any more. Have a good day.
I will never understand why assholes like you do this
Here you go. Free modules on the Paizo website http://paizo.com/pathfinder/modules/freeRPGDay
That is worth a couple of bucks.
But panda is tasty! Especially in a stir fry.
Okay there skippy. Also, WTF are you guys going to be playing next year? San Diego? San Antonio? Las Vegas? We all know there is no way you are getting back to LA. Should have never left, but they again, just a good example of that awesome Raider management.
Good one.
Yes! Thank you. I'm an idiot.
I can't put Indi on that list. I think this year showed that you can't just keep putting all of your eggs into a kid that is throwing for 5000 yard and 30 TD every year and not do something to shore up your defense and get some other talent on offense. Especially when your QB is throwing for 12-15 INT every year along with his fumbles.
You might have won the division, but you lost when it counted. Let see how you do next year when we aren't playing without our top WRs.
You did see how many times he was hit in by the Broncos??? He can't survive another season like that.
As long as he has Mount Gronk to dump to when he is in trouble, he can play at a high level.
Keeping elite players is difficult for every team. You think that Seattle is going to be able to keep that defense together any better than Denver?
Your asking for a 39 year old QB to be healthy for the playoffs. You don't see too many of those around.
Yea years ago. WTF has he done lately?
If it is going to ruin the night because you have to read ALL the rules also, then no. Deal with it the first time and then later on, you can probably download the .pdf of the rules and read them at your leisure. If it is a simple rules question, then there shouldn't be any harm in that.
Genetics really isn't addressed in PF. The player can pick which ever base race they want. Cosmetic things like slightly pointed ears for a human or a taller than normal half-elf really doesn't mean anything gamewise. That would be more how they roleplay the back ground.
That is why you should have learned Shield at 1st level. But as mentioned before, you will be able to swap out the Mage Armor when you go up to 4th level.
She has bigger tits than that.
A. You're a fucking idiot. B. She is French. So she shouldn't have shaved pits.
&gt; A. You're a fucking idiot.
I know it will never happen, but I'm hoping for Canton, OH. Start the season and end the season in the same place.
Why all this love for Luck? Yea the guy throws for a lot of yards, but that is because he is like 80% of their offense. Personally he throws way too many INTs and has way too many fumbles for me to make him an elite QB. I don't even consider him in my top 10.
Wow...a mod weapon....yawn.... The game is already pretty easy with the real weapons in it. Why do you feel the need to dl a mod weapon?
I do wish they, or someone, would come up with new scenarios.
2 of those 3 aren't even out yet.
That is awesome because Namor is a cool character. Besides we need more 'billionaires in MCU.
I think you planned that.
No, that is just physics. Called a back spin. Go to school.
Swan was easy. There is a bus blocking the road on one side of the pond. Just kite him around that bus. He can't touch you.
A. If you are from the United States, you know the logo. B. If you are not familiar with Dunkin Donuts....who gives a shit? The picture is still pretty self explanatory. Unless you live in a back ass country that doesn't have drive through.
&gt;DCEU
Who here wants to see these idiots die so people will stop doing stupid shit like this?
Procedural still starts with a random seed.... And thanks for confirming what I said: &gt;...most of the worlds you see are going to be barren.
But will Fo4 get me laid? That is what I really want to know.
You know I'm disappointed that I have never had a mirelurk queen spawn there. The loot would have been nice.
So....in this mythical city of yours, who is allowed to stop thieves? Only the guard? Only the venders? So the players are suddenly in some magical town where thievery is not punishable unless the guards witness it and do something about it. I call your premise more BS then the common knowledge that paladins can't lie. No civilized culture is going to allow it's citizens to protect what is theirs. Look, I am not saying the guard isn't going to hold everyone up until they figure out what is going on. The paladin is probably going to be 'detained' until the story is straightened out. But once the paladin is verified then his account of the story is going to have a lot of weight, and the guard is going to have a rough time not releasing them.
Always go for the legs with ghouls. They take 50% more limb damage. Add in a pistol that also does extra limb damage and you will never fear them ever again.
Okay, wait a minute. The Minute Men have a vertibird and I am learning about this right now? I am not talking about the Brotherhood of Steel's vertibird. I'm talking about after I've destroyed them, I can still order a vertibird transport from the Minute Men instead.
Good to know. I've only have time for one play through and it was Institute.
Whores and pesh! Actually I would save a little for a masterwork weapon or pool your money together for a Wand of Cure Light Wounds.
Or in debt up to their eye balls.
I bet if you put scotch tape on it, you will be able to see through.
Same atcha. It seems like there are a lot of people out there shitting on the game without putting any time or effort into finding out anything about the game.
How the hell do you join the Navy and not know how to swim???
WTF does that have to do with an Imperial Assault app?
[One of the greatest Blackbird stories of all time](http://oppositelock.kinja.com/favorite-sr-71-story-1079127041)
Okay. You're right. I'm sorry for disparaging all Fighters everywhere. I was just trying to point out a cool way that we do character builds and didn't mean to offend you. Enjoy your day.
If you have played D&amp;D, you might like the [Pathfinder Adventure Card Game](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/133038/pathfinder-adventure-card-game-rise-runelords-base). It is easily scalable from 1-5 and has a real mix of luck and skill.
So this is the weekly, who gives a shit what Sherman is saying post?
What you need is a [Minor Bag of Holding](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/wondrous-items/wondrous-items/a-b/bag-of-holding). It's only 1000gp, weighs 3lbs, and allows you to carry 50lbs. Great item for small folks. And as someone has pointed out, your armor is only 5lbs, so with the bag you still have 2lbs left over.
Actually, no he didn't. He had probably about $200 worth of tools, a weekend and Youtube. Works perfectly fine for his needs.
The restaurant I worked at in college was a favorite spot for people coming to the Quarter Horse Convention every year. Those fucking rednecks would always order the prime rib dinner, max'd to 14oz, well done, with a side of A-1.
SNL did it better.
If only the road had some indication that you should slow down.
It's all about nature, man. The beauty of it all. BTW, I always play my Druids as stoned hippies.
Why are we still giving this idiot time on this board? Everyone knows that Colin is a worthless 'reporter' and no one should listen to any of the crap he says.
As a counter point, I use to manage a pizza place before this BS fad, but I still have buddies that do and the drivers hate this shit. It wastes time that they want to be in their cars delivering pizzas and if you don't do it, the assholes never tip. So fuck them.
Assholes that ask for jokes and pictures on their orders. That want to see if it was actually done. Once, the customer asked the driver to hold the box open for them, so they could take the picture to put on here. Dicks.
WTF is wrong with you people? Isn't it good enough that you get to sit on your fat ass while someone else makes and delivers your food? Now you need some effing joke or picture to go alone with this awesome opportunity? From what I have been told, this issue is that if the drive doesn't do it, then they get a shitty tip. If they take their time to do it, guess what, they don't typically get any better of a tip. It's dicks like you that think you are owed something more then hot food in a timely manner while you get to scratch your privates and watch Netflix. Just order your pizza and be happy you didn't have to make it.
You really are coming off as an idiot. Drivers are paid a real wage, and they even get paid a little bit for each delivery, but no matter what, that little bit isn't enough to make up for the cost of gas and maintenance on their cars. Delivering pizzas tears up your cars. Most of the drivers I know, have a car for work and another for home because they don't want to put any mileage on their work vehicle. And again, why can't you understand that tipping isn't about short changing your employees. It is about finding employees that want to make real money. Money based on their performance and not just some set amount each hour. Have you ever heard of a commissioned based job. Like car dealers, realtors, and agents? These are people that are paid per unit or deal done. You usually see highly driven people taking these jobs because they know that their income is only limited by their ability. Waiting tables and delivery pizza is just a form of commission based job. I loved making tips. Because I knew that if I did a good job and did if faster than any one else, I would make more money every day then some idiot at McDonald's making an hourly wage. My yearly income had nothing to do with whether or not my boss liked me and gave me some BS 3% raise, but had everything to do with how well I did my job on every table, every turn of my tables and every shift I worked. Any waiter out there that wants to work for wages only is a pussy and a shitty waiter. A real waiter wants you to have the opportunity to pay them what you feel they are worth. And for every idiot like you that doesn't understand what tipping actually is good for, there are 20 other people that will appreciate that I made their day easier and will tip me better then some moron that is just working for an hourly wage.
There is a delivery fee so that they don't have to pass along this cost of having delivery drivers to people that want to either dine in or pick it up themselves. It's that simple. Why should you have to pay the same for coming to get the pizza then someone that sat on their ass and waited for it? And as I said, the drivers and managers I know say that the asshole don't typically tip more because you took the time to put a joke or picture on the box. It's a waste of their time. Finally, WTF are you tipping that asshole. I have never said that tipping is a requirement. If some idiot is pissing in your yard and he fucked up your order, then screw him. Hopefully he will get a clue and get out of the business. Nothing I hated more as a waiter that knowing I was working with a moron and was still hanging on making 1/2 the tips I was making. Because all he is doing is making the store look bad with makes me look bad. Fuck him. Edit: Why didn't you call the manager and tell them he was pissing in your yard???
&gt;The main thing being that those professionals do not work for tips from MY pocket. Wow...you really are a fucking moron.
Just like you probably forgot about Shaun for most of the game.
&gt; I'm done with you. You are too stupid to understand what I am saying so it is a waste of my time.
&gt; I'm done with you. You are too stupid to understand what I am saying so it is a waste of my time.
&gt; I'm done with you. You are too stupid to understand what I am saying so it is a waste of my time.
&gt; I'm done with you. You are too stupid to understand what I am saying so it is a waste of my time.
The main problem with Skyrim on the PS3 was how Sony set up the RAM. Sony decided to split the 512M of RAM into 256M for processing and 256 for video. Sort of like a current computer that has a video card. Where as Microsoft just dropped 512M of RAM into the console and made it available for anything. So Bethesda, being lazy, built the Skyrim engine to just use the 512M of the Xbox and then tried to shoehorn it into the 256M of the PS3. Needless to say, that doesn't work and caused a lot of problems with the PS3 version. Meanwhile companies like Naughty Dog learned how to use the dual memory system of the PS3 and made amazing games like Uncharted 3. Now the PS4 memory and the Xbox 1 have pretty much the same memory layout, so you won't see anywhere near these kinds of problems in the future. tl;dr - Bethesda didn't know how to code for the memory in the PS3, but the PS4 doesn't have that same problem.
If you are asking how you get it, there is nothing in the books that explain that. Just that you get one. You can always roleplay it with your GM or just start making an animal companion and start using it. You can find the rules on animal companions [here](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/core-classes/druid/animal-companions). BTW I highly recommend the [Boon Companion](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/general-feats/boon-companion) feat so that the animal is based on your ranger's level and not -3. Really helps with their survivability.
Cool, but not worth the weight.
The other releases are for established games so they have a rough idea what their base is for those games. This is a new 'IP' so it makes sense to go the KS rout so you can get a good idea what the base is for this game.
You don't like the game, then don't fucking play the game. Really not that difficult to understand.
lol. I should have checked the thread before answering the same thing 10 other people have done.
This really isn't a bus since it looks like it is locked into some kind of rail system. More like a tram.
Looks like some kind of raider armor.
Is he really still that good?
One really good trick is to use the allies that also give you a chance to do a search. I tend to pick ones that help out with the weak spots on my characters. So if I am playing a character with only a d6 in STR, then I will take a ally that has a bonus to STR plus the ability to do a search. Then use them as soon as you can. Never horde cards. You do that, and you lose.
This is great, and more power to you, but people need to get into the habit of giving blood all the time, not just when there is a tragedy. Blood can only last about 6 weeks. So that means that a lot of the blood that people are frantically donating now, will have to be thrown away. People need to hold off and donate next month....then next month...then next month....
A lot of the early APs had a problem with the boss fights. Paizo just loves to put them all by themselves in a room that doesn't work with their combat style. I pretty much always add a couple of mooks in the room to give them a little time to get ready for the PCs. Also, a good way to quickly beef up an encounter is to use the [Simple Advance Template](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/bestiary/monster-listings/templates/advanced-creature-cr-1) with some of the mobs.
I never seem to be able to find the bodies after the crash.
Thanks for the heads up. Now I know what to ask for for Father's Day.
Already did.
Seems to me it is the same problem most of my boardgame KS have. They make their components in China and China is slow as &amp;^%.
There are a lot of good examples here so I'll add my 2 copper pieces. My current character is an Oradin [Life Oracle/Paladin]. She is a blue eyed blonde haired halfling with a 26 CHA. She is built completely as a support character. Mostly casting buffs and using the occasional Aid Another to keep the other player's AC or to hit up there. Even threw away her Smite ability with Oath of Loyalty so that I can buff the other players AC/saving throws even more. Heck her mount is even a War Dog [corgi] with the Bodyguard archetype on him so he can Aid Another [the GM allowed me to take the Additional Traits feat for him so he has the Adopted[halfling] and Helpful[halfling] traits to help improve his Aid Another actions]. Needless to say she is also the face of the party. Basically, I play her as the happiest person you will ever meet. Nothing can't be solved without spreading goodness. Evil, must be smited, but only if it can't be redeemed. She never lies and also never lets evil forgot that it must pay for their actions. For all intents and purposes, she is an anime character. She's a lot of fun and really a good counter point to the Magus and Barbarian in the group.
Imagine the smell
1. Bo Jackson: Greatest running back I've ever seen 2. Jerry Rice [49ers]: Greatest wide receiver I've ever seen 3. Reggie White: Was the start of something great in Green Bay and rewarded me for my fandom in the 70s &amp; 80s. 4. Peyton Manning [Indy]: redefined what being a quarter back is. 5. Chris Spielman: a nod to my Buckeye roots.
Do a websearch for Oradin. A Life Oracle/Paladin build. Just build the paladin around archery. Very powerful build.
You're an idiot.
That is interesting because the number one country buying 4k TVs is China and Xbox has shit presence in China. Chinese don't buy consoles, they buy PCs.
He's right. You're an idiot.
Please show me where it is illegal to pass on the right.
10 kids between the ages of 1-4 die in this country every day. Why should this one be any different? Just because it happened in Disney in a very spectacular way? Just because it is all over the news and internet? Get a fucking clue and realize that death is part of life and your mourning the loss of someone you don't know and never will know, except through social media mean fucking nothing.
"But think of the children!" Fuck the child worship in this country is getting out of hand.
You are a fucking idiot if advertising hasn't made you want to buy something.
Someone needs a nap. WTF did that cut and paste rant have anything to do with my post?
Please. Site me one example. Because it isn't illegal in my state. So show me a statute where it is illegal in the US.
Thanks for posting this. When I saw there was a demo for GoW, I thought, "Oh great another rehash of the same game." Now I know it is so much more and definitely on my list to buy when it comes out. Looks great.
If you are driving in the right hand lane you aren't helping anyone do anything. You are getting the fuck out of the way. Stop being an asshole.
Really? That's the best you got?
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
You misspelled 'Catching'
Every time I see UDFA I think of United Dairy Farmers.
Yea, I actually did a little more research and this is just typical contract BS. I agree with you.
Looks like Jared Leto's gayer brother.
And that is when you got arrested for being high as fuck.
Drown?
I'll find another game that is just as fun and doesn't tell me to fucking off.
This is cool. Thanks for the heads up.
Okay. And does that dramatically change my post? The conversation is still there. Lower stats sucked...
Okay. I wasn't really looking for a discussion. Just stating what I know. Thanks for adding to it.
I'm pretty sure you never destroy the Minutemen in any of the final options.
WHAT DO WE WANT? MODS!!!! WHEN DO WE WANT THEM? NOW!!!
I would say no, because you aren't getting the feat due to leveling up as a wizard.
Odd choice for Miles.
I can't say that it wouldn't happen under any circumstances, but the Packers have to be the safest bet.
If she wants to heal and be combat effective then do a search for [Oradin builds](http://www.giantitp.com/forums/showthread.php?257365-PF-Oradin-Mini-Guide-Or-How-to-be-a-Healbot-minus-the-bot). Basically you take 3 levels of Life Oracle with the Life Link mystery and then the rest as a Paladin. This mystery allows you to link up to your Oracle's level in characters. Then at the beginning of your turn, if they have more than 5 points of damage on them, you automatically heal them 5 points of damage and take 5 points of damage on yourself. Now, this is where the Paladin levels come in, because you can swiftly use Lay on Hands to heal the damage [make sure you take the feat Fey Foundling at first level]. Since it is a swift action, then you can still use all of your other actions to cast spells or attack. I probably would go with a small character like a Halfling. 3 levels of Oracle and 5 levels of Paladin. This gives you a Divine Bond, and I would take a Dog. Then take the Boon Companion feat. This means the Dog is an effective 8th level companion so will be Medium sized so you can use it indoors. Finally emphasize range combat with your Paladin. Don't forget that Smite works with range. Trust me this is one of the best combat effective healers out there. It seems complicated, but really isn't. Just heal everyone in the link 5 points of damage each turn. You take what ever damage you healed, then roll for Lay on Hands. Once that is done, just play your character how you want.
That guy fucks!
Really? This fucking shit again?
Fuck you OP
So have you seen Home Free?
This was very informative.
I don't know what he was asking for, but if you ask for them over hard at a restaurant, that is how you are going to get them.
I found and easier way to rob the stores is to steal the helicopter that is on top of one of the hospitals in the city. First, it forces you to learn how to fly the helicopter. Second, once you do, it is really easy to get away.
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
The main reason you dock their tail is because they were originally used as herding dogs for cows and sheep. By docking their tails, it stops the cows from biting or stomping on the tail. Fortunately the practice is starting to wane. It was banned in England and there are more and more breeders in the US that are stopping the practice. The problem is that the British and American AKC don't recognize a corgi if the tail is longer than 2". So until they change their policies, it is going to be a problem.
Corgis are not bred to have short legs. They are a natural breed that goes back thousands of years. In fact, their form of dwarfism is actually dominate in the breed and if you cross breed them the puppies will almost always have the short legs.
Etsy?
Druid, druid, druid, druid. It's a furry party!
Then come up with one. Even most movies have plot elements like this to move them along.
You're a fucking idiot and one of the major problems with this country.
Don't lump in the rest of us with this fucking idiot and I won't lump you in with what ever idiots you have in your country.
Only if you want to play solo or co-op. There is an app out now that allows you to play Descent in those modes. Unfortunately, there isn't one for Imperial Assault.
That football guy at the end of Something About Mary looks a lot like Brett Favre.
That was once correct in England.
retarded
Consider letting him run a [gestalt](http://www.d20srd.org/srd/variant/classes/gestaltCharacters.htm) character and maybe a second one or a GM run character. Solo is a little tough for APs.
The Slog sucks because it is right next to that Forge base and it is constantly being attacked.
Someone's microwave is going to be working overtime.
And that is the one you fuck.
Just built up sugar. That is why you need to clean your drains more.
Yea, but the best part of the tumor familiar is that you shove them onto YOU! Makes them so much more fun to play with.
Agreed. My alchemist is a crafting beast and his Valet 'owl' tumor really helps him to make a ton of alchemical items in down time.
Have you thought that maybe the guy is a shitty driver?
I can't make it to Gen Con this year. I hope they make these available on the website. We really need some new scenarios. I would even be willing to pay for a new scenario book.
I know. I love grossing out the rest of the party describing Stoma as he flies around. I imagine a combination of woosh and squish. With dripping's of goo on the floor making plopping sounds. lol
I'm sure that Disney and FFS will welcome you with open arms.
Also, while you are making a lot of good points, these are really things that he needs to discuss with his GM and not anything that is RAW. Maybe his GM is cool with an inquisitor being the hand of Abadar are willing to met out justice as he sees fit.
I should also point out that while he brings up some good points, this is actually something you need to discuss with your GM. Some GMs are like this where the law is enforced by the authorities and don't give any weight to PCs or the gods. But some GMs really don't care and don't want to deal with all of this. Talk to your GM first and find out how they want things like Law and the Gods to influence their games.
You are a special kind of asshole, huh?
Let him do it, but who says Aldern is solvent. Maybe he has a lot of liens against the property that must be sold off first. Tell them that between property and tax liens that 'Aldern' must bring 1000 gp to the closing. That should stop them. Also, there would have to be a huge DC to forge a document that he has never seen.
It wasn't Daedalus that I saw because the packs look almost identical to Broken Token. It might have been Go7Gaming, but I can't get to their website from work so I can't confirm.
Don't you?
Okay, the American Psycho one made me laugh.
You don't have to set him down gently, but you will get a penalty for slamming him into the ground like that. Ideally, you want to tackle him and then fall to the ground. Slamming him into the ground like that could cause major head and back trauma and needs to be penalized.
tl;dw
He told me there are just so many toys in the toy box that really isn't an issue. Edit: Though now that I think about it, he did joke there was a bit of a fight for who got to take the GT40 home that they had on loan.
Way to go out on a limb there TotalBiscuit
Oh shit.
Yea. That didn't happen
So what you are saying it that instead of keeping my 17 month daughter off of the pole, I need to keep her away from my gun locker?
And this is the reason I have to fudge die rolls some times. Some times the encounter was more powerful then you thought it was going to be. The is no reason the PCs should have to suffer because you made a mistake. The goal is to make it fun for everyone, not just kill the PCs when you get a chance.
To each his own.
It's in that area, but not really RotRL. Though their encounter with Black Fang in the first comic book series was used the as 'introductory' scenario for the Pathfinder Adventure Card Game for RotRL
Yea they really need some player interaction. I thought they would use Mr. Universe as a way to do this. You drop on buy, do a quick missing for him and he does something like put a Wanted Level on another Captain, or allow you to move the Cruiser to someone's location. Really disappointed they didn't add something like that to the game.
What are you talking about? They actually stopped production because they have too many on hand.
Well I know that the FLGS I go to has been around at least 33 years because I use to drive to it in high school.
Hahaha. What's wrong? I got the candidate that was a crook and a liar that just told a bunch of fucking retards what they wanted to hear to get elected even though he doesn't believe any of that shit and they were too fucking stupid to realize that they were getting played. Poor little retard that is has put civil rights and world politics back about 30 fucking years. Simple minded moron.
I used to hustle with a buddy's girlfriend. He couldn't play for shit, but she was awesome. Luckily I was good enough to keep up with her. No one believed she was as good as she was, especially since she had this really unorthodox way of lining up her shots. She didn't like bending over, so she would kneel down in an almost curtsy move. She was freaking great. Lucky for us, my buddy couldn't play, but was on the football practice squad in college so no one messed with us when he stood up and stated she was with him.
28 Days Later is not a zombie movie, but an infected movie. I think as a horror movie it is considered really good because it has a very real feel to it. Like this could really happen and this is how people would react to this kind of horrific situation.
We can hope not.
Don't go with dog. Wolf is a better companion because of the Trip ability. Also you can explain it's larger size by saying it is a Dire Fox.
Allow them to add or subtract up to their BAB plus Dex modifier to the roll. For +5 they can modify the d6 1 point. If you really want to take away some more randomness then roll a d10 or d10 + 10 saying they are targeting either low numbers or high numbers.
First, as the other guy said, this isn't a bad draw by any stretch of the imagination. It just are stats you are not used to. Maybe it is time to branch out and try some different classes. This draw is basically nearly the perfect for a martial class. You could even make a decent INT caster by picking a race with +2 in INT. If I has those stats I would go Magus all the way.
Wouldn't it be Hail Aaron?
Someone in /r/nfl said 3 of 5 over the last 2 years. The rest of the league....6 ofor 32. We need to rename it the Hail Aaron.
Dude....let it go.
Guess what? Corgi butt!
Some Corgis are born without tails and other are docked after birth. It was originally done to keep cows, who they are bred to herd, from grabbing them by it and flinging them. Now it is done because the dog associations will not recognize an undocked corgi as legitimate. People are trying to end the practice but the establishment is being an asshole about it.
It's good, but it is still a cluttered mess. Should have never included Sandman in the story.
Everyone get ready for all the newbie posts :)
I had a roommate that would chew that wax like gum after eating the cheese. Anyone on here seen that or do that also?
Those are some tig ol' bitties.
Welcome to the addiction :P Definitely check out the buying guides on the right side of the page. It really helped me figure out the best starting ships and sets.
That tweets like a 14 year old living in his parents basement.
Mythbusters showed theirs off years ago.
You must be young. I remember the 70s and 80s. Tough to be a Packers fan those years.
Pathfinder is not 3.5, it is more like 3.75. Fortunately it is pretty easy to convert.
Dude, you are definitely in the minority when it comes to miniature gamers. Most of them love the paint their own figs.
Knights miniatures? Nope, I'm out. I've looked into the Marvel, DC and Batman games and personally I can't see spending $20 - $30 on an unpainted fig. No matter how good they look. I have more than enough other games to play and Hogwarts Card game if I need a Harry Potter fix.
I'm just going off of what they do with the Marvel, DC and Batman games. The figs look nice, but I can't spend that kind of money.
As a suggestion after this, I would check out the [Pathfinder Society scenarios](http://paizo.com/pathfinder/pfsScenarios). You don't need to be sign up for the PFS, I would it's cool, but they are great for starting out because they are usually complete and one shots. Great for getting your feet wet.
Just get a [Shawl of Life Keeping](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/wondrous-items/wondrous-items/r-z/shawl-of-life-keeping). It only costs 1000. You can put 1 hit point in it a day to protect yourself. If you do it before you go to bed, then you will naturally heal that while sleeping.
Wouldn't that be great for /r/peopleofwalmart. Packers O-line getting hammered in the parking lot. lolz.
Pathfinder Adventure Card Game. Plays the same with 1 or 6 players.
And humans are good fertilizer.
Wyverns are CR6 and there are a couple of Drakes that would make good encounters for them.
Okay, Skippy. Your original post stated that, "I'll never play this game if I have to paint the minis like warhammer, nor will 99% of the people who would want to play." Implying that people that want to play miniature games don't want to paint miniatures. Then you state,"Well of course, because people who don't like to paint arent miniature gamers." Implying that people that play miniature games like to paint miniatures. So basically you just contradicted your own stupid comment. Now you get why I am confused? Or are you just too stupid to know what you posted in the first place? I should point out that I play a lot of miniature gaming and don't have the time or patience to paint anything. So you're wrong no matter what you are saying.
&gt;Wow. You really are an obnoxious ass. Aren't you. Man, playing any game with you must be a thrill a minute. Have a good day.
Instead of 1 feat at first level, you get 2 of your own choice. So if you make a human you start with 3 feats. Sorry if that was confusing.
Yea. Fuck public schools.
Condition is bad but nice find.
How did that shit post make it to the front page?
Lighten up, Francis.
That was dumber than his comment.
Man that was a stupid comment. Dak wasn't the one calling back to back passing plays after you were already in FG range. He didnt leave Aaron with too much time to get back into FG range himself. Should have used Zeke and forced us to use time outs.
I'm surprised he didn't bring up Sherman trying to injure that kicker weeks ago.
Good.
I've always had a special place in my heart for this movie.
The Netflix Kingpin isn't on the same level as the MCU Spiderman as they are in the comics. The comic KP is borderline superhuman in strength with the fighting skills to back it. His KP isn't that powerful.
I'm done with you. You are too stupid to talk to. Have a good day.
Who farted?
So you were there for....a thing?
He is assuming he was bitten by a brown recluse or black widow. Their venom causes necrotizing wounds that are basically dying skin. This is probably a staph or mirsa infection. Very rarely are these kinds of wounds caused by spiders.
I just traded away my fledgling Xwing collection for a copy of the OGRE Designer Edition and it came with a HUGE carrying bag. If it can carry that 50lb monster, it can carry any games I need.
The only thing that annoys me is that the experience tracker is just a little bit bigger than the medium room cards. This makes it so it won't fit in the medium card slot in the box insert.
My daughter is 18 months. I'll tell you when it happens.
I didn't get any shipping notification until the day after I actually got my pledge in Ohio.
I'm 49 and don't have any problem in PVE. I don't do well in PVP because I just don't have the time to practice it. When I did, I actually became pretty good at it. More than likely, you issue isn't age, it is time. Most of those younger people don't have the time constraints you and I have so can devote more time with practice in Destiny.
She ded.
**Pathfinder Adventure Card Game** is great for solo play.
I don't think that is how you are supposed to play that.
Their website gets pretty much destroyed after every Humble Bundle. Give it a bit or try off hours.
Halfling Swashbuckler you say? Have you been introduced to the [Mouser](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/hybrid-classes/swashbuckler/archetypes/paizo---swashbuckler-archetypes/mouser) archetype?
Check out Oradin builds [Life Oracle and Paladin]. The nice thing is that you can take a Mount at 5th level of Paladin and they you don't have to worry about your slow speed.
Exactly. My wife and I share cooking duties and we are always trying new things. Afterwards we always give each other advice on how it could have been made better.
If you don't mind the wait, getting a game that hasn't been reviewed yet, and paying a more for exclusive content....then yes it is worth it. Personally for me, I like it because I like getting a bunch of stuff all at once. First thing you should ask yourself is, would you buy a pre-ordered video game for 'free' content. If you said yes, then think about doing it. If no, then don't.
It pretty rare that something goes to retail before you get it. I've backed 30+ and that has only happened once that that was only because they got a box of the basic game a head of time for a big convention. It took longer for the KS exclusive content so I was cool with it.
I prefer 4 levels in Oracle so you can get 2nd level spells which includes Shield Other. But, yea, Oradins are the best healers in the game. Also, they don't have to be Tanks. Ranged Oradins do really well also. I've also made a really good Halfling one which based a lot of the class around support with Aid Another and Body Guard.
He's a wizard, Harry.
It's called repost for the last 5-6 years.
I'm pretty sure that everyone knows that you don't HAVE to attack with both weapons if you have weapons on both of them.
I made a cleric of ancestry once where he justified making undead as asking for help from his ancestors. They would enhabit the dead bodies and when the danger was over he would release them back to the afterlife. If you are asking about the motivations for a true evil necromancer, then I would say it comes back to power. Someone like that has no respect for others. Like a slave owner. Souls are just tools to be used to for their ends. This is one of the main reasons the necromancy is tied to Sloth magic.
I've always for [this](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic/tools/spell-card-generator/spell-card-generator) very useful for creating a "spellbook" for new players. Personally I run my characters off of my tablet so I just use d20pfsrd.com when I need to look up spells.
Let me guess. Jeep viral commercial?
A battery?
I heard that 2nd tide resolved some issues but I was broke when that came out.
Thanks for the heads up. I've played it a lot with friends, but finally picked up everything on a Massdrop last year. Great game.
Yea, this is a joke right? Cook showed in the playoffs that when he is healthy he is all the TE we need. GB is going CB all the way. This is a good year for CB but they need an impact DB this year.
Thanks for the help. I installed an older version that should work with my super old version of FF, but it doesn't seem to be working as I don't have the edit cog you usually get with RES.
They set up a Scythe Massdrop as a pre-order, but never confirmed they could get the copies from the company. So when they company told them they couldn't fulfill their requests they cancelled it with out too much of a sorry. Basically I've heard this is an on going issue with them. They don't always confirm they actually can get the product before they do the Massdrop and have left people hanging in the past.
I have to admit, having all of the editions is a little daunting when trying to get a game together. Still, it is a fun and quick game.
You pay for something, thinking you are going to get it, and then don't because the company didn't do their job making sure they could get it, and you doing think I got screwed? Okay, that's your opinion.
I still like multi-classing to paladin because you really only need 4 levels of Oracle to make sure you can cover at least 4 people in the party and get 2nd level spells so you can cast Shield Other.
I'm done with this semantics fight. Have a good day.
While fighter is probably one of the most complex character you can build with all the options of archetypes and feats, a straight up Sword and Board fighter is pretty easy to make and play.
You're the one that was trying to tell me how I feel. You know nothing about me and nothing about the situation. If I feel that I was screwed over, then that is my right to feel like I was screwed over. What you feel is being screwed over is how YOU feel. Okay. Have a good day.
**Dominion** is like that for me. It seems like you are stuck at like $10 or $11 a round for a while and then all a sudden your deck clicks and you are buying everything on the board.
That second cold spot is just where you nerve endings have been burned away and now it feels cold.
Second this. It is also a good co-op for 2 people.
[1.5 days worth of commercials never seen](http://ftw.usatoday.com/2016/11/nfl-redzone-study-commercials-hours-saved). I love that channel. Too bad my daughters swim lessons are now on Sunday...sigh.
Where are you getting the [Drake Companions](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/core-classes/druid/animal-companions/drake-companions) get the ability to cast spells?
Pretty impressive with how well that is done.
Wouldn't jamming trail mix in your cock cause bleeding?
Sorry in your pathetic backwoods country you don't have options.
Yea, I don't understand what the problem is. Just text me what you want so I won't forget. I'm 50 and been married for 17 years. Last thing I worry about is what something thinks about me buying tampons.
Yea, anyone that buys this stuff is an idiot. But then again there are morons in this country that still buys pre-sliced fruits and cheese. I mean, fuck, we even sell crust-less peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Oh fucking hard is it to cut off the crust?
Yea, and while they are very tasty I've read they are hard to transport. So the only way you can enjoy them is if you have your own tree or live near where they are harvested.
I broke 6 PS3 controllers but still have my original two PS4 controllers. So I think it might be you.
I've backed 60. Yea, I know, I'm ~~addicted~~ hooked [or is that still too much for you /u/Medwynd]. The first thing you have to remember is that you probably are going to pay actually more than retail. With the advent of websites like miniaturemarket and even Amazon cutting their prices, you are going to pay more. So why do it? The main reason I do it is for exclusives and 'freebies' you get through the campaign. Unfortunately you probably won't know what the whole package is until the last couple of days, so I mostly just mark one that looks interesting and then when I get the notice there are 48 hours left I do my final research. What I look for in a campaign? First, the game has to excite me as something new. If it is something I already have on the shelf, then I will typically pass. Second, it HAS to have a copy of the rules for me to download and check over. I always look over the rules to get a rough idea about the game. Third, I really look for a game play video. I typically will not back something that doesn't show what the game play is like. Finally, I really like a 3rd party review. Now, I know most of theses are paid, but I don't care. I like to see another set of eyes go over the game and give their opinion. Okay, so the game has passed these test, what else. I never back a project from someone that is doing their first KS unless the campaign has been really well done. The biggest pain in the ass projects I've had have always been guys that have a great idea but don't know what they are doing. I really check over the 'freebies'. If they aren't worth the extra cost of the pledge, then I'll pass and buy retail. Finally, I like to look over their responses to the comments. If they can't handle a little constructive criticism, then I might pass. Finally, there are some guys like CMON that just get a pass on most of this and I pledge right away. I am totally addicted to their mini's and have found most of their games to be fun if a little shallow. On a side note, don't get hung up with when you are going to get your pledge. I bet 95% of pledges don't meet their goals. Almost always it is something to do with shipping or problems with the manufacturer. Those aren't going to go away. There is always going to be problems dealing with this but those problems would have been their for the retail release anyways. Anyone that didn't back the KS is going to have to wait those extra 6-8 months also, so when someone complains about how long a KS is taking I just sort of laugh at them. On that note, there is a limit. If it takes years like almost every computer game I have backed then yea, bitching is fine. I won't ever back another computer game. They take foreffingever and it is so annoying. P.S. I've only had 1 of those 60 games bail on the campaign. Fortunately for me, another company came in and completed the KS for free and I still got my game. I didn't get the sweet metal miniatures I paid for, but at least I got what I think is a pretty cool game. Now, I did have 1 problem where I guy got in over his head and couldn't pay the postage and I ended up sending him the postage to get the game, but that problem has been mostly solved with pretty much everyone charging S/H after the campaign. I also have a couple of computer games I've been waiting on for some time. Neither has been dumped, but that is one of the reasons I don't do computer game KS. Edit: Had to remove addicted because it hurt someone's feelings....
What? Firefighters don't like saving Sims?
Wand of Cure Light Wounds if you have to waste the 750 gp on magic. It would have been better for him to just buy a sling and bullets. Yea the Wand of MM is automatic hit, but only doesn't an average of 3.5 points of damage, 50 times. Even if he misses on 1/2 of his rolls with the sling, he can do it 1000s of times for 750gp in bullets. That just isn't worth the investment of 750 gp.
This author has obviously never been Wisconsin.
You really need to chill.
Man, you really are a slave to your issues. It's like your past experiences have raped any simple reason from you.
DEATH! By snu snu!
You know I actually did the math and it makes more sense for me to work an extra couple of hours a week and then buy Shark Cards, then farm in the game. I don't do that and it annoys me that is a case, but it does make some sense.
But most of us casual gamers, that only have time for the single player mode, aren't asking for free stuff. I am more then willing to pay for some single player DLC for GTA V. But they don't give two shits about us because they can spend less resources throwing out more cars, guns, clothes and game modes to GTAO and make the same amount of money. They promised us DLC and then fucked us.
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
I wonder how many of those Gear sales were give aways with the S8.
No
I have 2 corgis from pups and no, they just haven't fully perked up yet. It takes them awhile.
Someone was watching AFV.
But that is the problem, the rules really aren't that complicated. When makes the game difficult are all of the choices that you have to make based on the scenario book. There is no way they could put all of the choices in the rule book. Not going to happen.
There is no tutorial system. There is just the rules laid out in the order you need them. And the rules aren't that difficult. What makes the game difficult are all the choices in the scenario book.
As I stated, you learn every rule within the first day of play. It's not like you get 5 days in and everything changes. It's obvious that you are too anal for this game, maybe you need to keep your opinion where it is. Don't buy it. And find a game that is more suited to your play style. Sorry that you are going to miss out on a really good game.
This is awesome, but I hope the next one is in the Forbidden West.
Okay, maybe it is. I'm talking about the area West of Carja lands. I thought that was the Forbidden West.
Why is everyone getting hung up that they still had to pay for this if they bought the deluxe edition? Nothing in the deluxe edition write up mentioned free DLC. Horizon Zero Dawn Digital Deluxe includes: - Horizon Zero Dawn PS4 Game - The Art of Horizon Zero Dawn Digital Art Book - Exclusive PS4 Theme - Carja Storm Ranger Outfit and Mighty Bow - Banuk Trailblazer Outfit and Culling Bow - Banuk Traveller Pack - Carja Trader Pack - Nora Keeper Pack I pretty sure they weren't too sure if the title was going to take off or not and weren't working on DLC. Otherwise it probably would be coming out sooner or mentioned in the advertising for the game.
Please. If Microsoft was in the same position that Sony was right now, they would be doing the same thing. The only reason Microsoft is trying to play nice now is because they are getting killed in this generation and doing anything to catch up.
A. I have actually no problems with what happened to you in game play. That is a logical conclusion when you are dealing with evil people. B. How it was presented was wrong. Once you voiced you were not comfortable with the description, then the GM should have seriously toned it down. Period. Ultimately, a GM needs to game for the level enjoyment of their PCs. I game in a group that would have no problem with this scenario, but I also game in a group that would have a problem with it. Once a PC says there is a personal problem in the game then it needs to be address. Period.
Smart couples give a blanket to each person.
Thank you Capt Obvious....
I know a main concern after the last review that people won't like the rule books. Per a message I got from the KS, the designers understand that it might not be for everyone so they are going to do a standard rule book and make it available in the app you will soon be able to download for the game. The app has already been submitted to Google and Apple, it is just waiting for them to put it up on the stores.
3D printers are going to change this world.
Are you the GM? Do you have a problem with this? If you answered, yes &amp; no, then have fun. The rules are there as a guideline.
Dead on. He is so amoral that he doesn't know that he is the villain in the movie.
Anything that increases crit damage. No matter what the base damage would be.
O H!
Pathfinder is a rules set and Golarion is a setting. Sometimes the rules set doesn't match up with the setting.
Big Bang makes $2.6m an episode in ad revenue and $2m and episode in syndication. Add in the the merchandising and CBS is paying them what they earned.
Actually he is probably just moving it around. You don't want to keep them on the huge tires because they cost so much and are easier to take off and haul separately.
My friend had her side windows busted out for 3x2 liters of Pepsi.
I don't know about your sister-in-law, but I would reach out to Marvel and see if they would be interested in preserving and buying some of those walls. At this point, this is basically art.
Clifford Franklin!
I like the hood scoops on the sides. That is awesome.
It's the Duke of Death for American Truck Sim!
Don't forget your orphan!
And I thought the point of the game was to get out of the house. So, all you are going to do is sit there and whine there isn't a raid at the one gym you can see while sitting on your &amp;_$@#? Why don't you see if there are other people you can share raid info with?
I made a Duplo version with my toddler a couple of weeks ago. She wouldn't stop playing with it. Made a nerd daddy proud.
Agreed. I didn't find out about this until I was about 75% through the game, but it would have been great to use this early on.
You're kind of an idiot....huh?
Sure. That might work. I'm not really a hunter. I just looked up why hunters wear vests one day and read why. Personally, I don't see hunters doing the neon camo because it would look pretty stupid.
It is also just a picture taken out of context. For all we know he is getting ready to go hunting or just came back. Why be an ass about it?
