They absolutely are micromanaging the hollywood execs, hence the firing of exec who talked shit about Aloha in emails.
The show would have benefited from less Daredevil and more Matt Murdock.
I don't know what you were expecting it seems your mind is made up. Going down with this ship will very likely cause you pain and misery. It takes two to fix a relationship.
I have no fucking clue what you are talking about. You are very hot, probably universally so. Go forth and multiply.
I can't find it.. But the make up artist looks like Rio Mariah but she appears to be speak English
Well if it was then I should be able to find it.. I remember the video because I always wondered who that woman was in the Rocco video. For context it was a four-way with Julian St. Joix(too lazy to google) and some regular white porn dude. They switched partners mid-stream.
That is the scene I was talking about. Is that not the same girl? I thought it was.
Stop using Axe body wash. That stuff leaches all moisture from you body.
Depending upon where she's from she might be waiting the appropriate time to drop a Papi.
Yeah Axe made my skin dry up like crazy. Do some nice moisturizing soap for a month it will clear right up.
What country are you from? Are you in the US?
No way. He spends more than half of each episode kicking ass. A little lawyering or character development for Matt would have been nice. As it is everybody is more interesting than he is.
Father in Law of the year right there. Ladies and gentlemen that's a real fucking man. OP. Move out of the house. Tell her you need some space. I'd start going to therapy ALONE. You need to see if you can deal with this without having a blubbering mess in the house with you. Good luck.
If your costs for coverage exceed a certain percentage of your income you don't have to get insurance.
Let him go. LDR are pretty hard and it sound alike yours is somewhat frayed anyway. Don't move or move in. Just let this stay dead. I wouldn't expect my partner with kids to move to me anyway. Sounds like he was his highest priority.
It might be forgivable if it was a one on one situation. Like she was confiding in her one best friend. But to tell a group, no matter how small, is kinda fucked up. I can't lie though I'e talked about sexual performance of girlfriends in the past with my friends. Only difference is it's been performance, something they can change, not a physical trait they can't.
Op I agree with this. I've been cheated on and it sucks but I'm mature enough now to know that it doesn't mean she didn't love me. People have all kinds of motivations. You know this now yourself. Even if you got back with him it wouldn't be the same. He wouldn't trust you. You are young and you'll find another guy. Just learn from this. It'll probably help to date more so you'll have some comparisons in your mind. Lots of assholes out here.
And his five other sponsors didn't pay shit.
And because of the Texas. Everything is built here for best case scenarios.
I wouldn't fully disclose to her at least not right away. Just break up and make up a mundane reason. You'll likely only be in the same town another year or so.
I disagree. The least attractive woman I had sex with was the best sex I ever had. She was very open and enthusiastic. Seems like the super hot women kinda rest on the laurels where there women who aren't as hot work harder. Just my opinion
First grip the base as you pull out of orifice. Second go to bathroom and fill with water to check for rips or breaks. Pour out contents. Then wrap in to and throw in the trash. Done!
Women willing to swallow are more apt to get you to the finish line. They approach the whole thing with more urgency in my opinion.
That SOB deserved one too. The guy fucking cried in the ring.
He's also the guy who thought punches to the thigh was innovative offense.
A lot of guys like him, win one and lose one, are going to quit with this Reebok deal. Even if they liked fighting who can afford poverty.
These same fucks who run this state are the people who wrap themselves in the bible and scripture at every turn. They seem to have no problem killing and imprisoning people that could be guilty and could give a fuck all about setting it right.
Someone was going to slap that bitch sooner or later. You did her a favor. She tries that shit with a different guy and girl it's a real beat down.
Isn't it the difference between being married and just dating? Dating people should be on their best behavior. They are auditioning for marriage.
Stay the fuck out of this. Like way the fuck out of this. If he was dating her at the time it's very possible he already knows about this. You can disguise pregnancies with clothes but I doubt he didn't see her naked if they were dating.
He's got an individual Reebok deal.
Long term care is expensive and only goes a few years max. Sucks.
You need therapy. I think k you resent his inability to give you a baby,subconsciously. Get help or this will ruin you.
Show me those policies. They don't issue them anymore. People live too damn long now
You can also talk to patient coordinator at hospital or the billing department. $1800 they an probably right that off if you have a hard luck story.
Call them and try to order them. Also their chocolate chip cookies are the best in town
Tell him but be prepared to lose your friend. I guarantee he'll stay with her and tell hers what you said.
Stick with the therapy and actually try the stuff they suggest.
Not true. Long term study of kids moved from bad neighborhoods to good neighborhoods. They earned more money than their peers who didn't move and had better lives overall as adults. http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/images/nbhds_paper.pdf
Discussing shit just gives manipulators a chance to manipulate more. The best revenge is indifference
In the future don't respond to the letter. Usually they are fishing expeditions. You go the site they give you in the letter and you are confirming information they didn't already have. Don't torrent man. It's just a big honey pot now.
Some guys do gear themselves up with the chatting and online flashing. There are a lot of flakes on those dating sites, mostly married and attache guys who don't actually want to fuck someone but get off on the looking. We probably need distinction on this issue from OP. I've been cheated on, someone full born fucking someone else, and it blows, like really blows and makes you question yourself. But as I get older and after being in a long time relationship I can understand how you can cheat on someone and still love someone and care about them. It takes a lot of work to not cheat. Perhaps OP's husband coping mechanism is to look at broads online blow a load and then go back to his happy marriage. I'm not saying OP should go with this or be okay with it but it might be useful to understand it if she wants to stay married to him.
What's the fucking fetish? Even if you delete this and repost it with a throw away it would put things in perspective. That said whatever your fetish is do you honestly think he'll break up with you if you mention it? He'll either say not my thing OR he could be up for it. Imagine how good things could be if he's up for. It's a risk but it's a small one.
Ben is that you?
Well it's false advertising because from the actual trailer it looks like only one guy gets laid. It's not a sex comedy. That said Balls out is a better title than Intramural.
I remember hearing years ago that he was scared to even go to Mexico to promote his fight for similar reasons. I wonder why he wouldn't move his camp to Denver or some other elevated city just to try to get close.
He's prepping the press for a loss. If Cain eon he'd look even more invincible.
This happens all the time with women her age. Want to know why women can't find good guys? This shit right here. Women all fuck the same 5 assholes. You are husband settle down material. He's date fuck material. Go be with someone who got her dumb side out of her system.
Couldn't you get a long one with a a suction cup and have her stand and lean over?
Her parents are fucking haters.
Yeah what your wife is saying is I want to fuck strangers but I want you around to do the Boeing shit they won't do. Yeah fuck her. If you don't have kids leave asap if a lawyer approves.
You didn't really have a marriage. You had a lie. Also get std tested.
For there to be an emotional affair don't both parties need to have emotions about each other? Seems like she's giving him hope where there is none and could give a shit about him. He's infatuated and she isn't. Your husband is pathetic but not a cheater. I don't know if thesis worth breaking up over. I imagine most people have one man or woman from their past who is their kryptonite. Fortunately for the both of you his kryptonite had no interest in him.
Why didn't you consider the family thing before moving?
What are your plans after fighting? What do you think could be done to get more minority women involved in martial arts? What's your favorite book?
I moved with someone and not for the. They chested and I was in a shit town by myself. It took a while but I realized this was an opportunity. Nobody knew me. I could do what I wanted without fear of embarrassment or judgement. Moving is a nice do over. So do that. Also take advantage of where you are. Go out and do Pa shit. See things. Join things. Live god damn you, said in Ed Harris voice.
I hope he didn't pay for that shit. Seems like a big waste.
I've been tour guide to relatives, including my mom. If this is the last dinner dude may actually be broke. I think it would be supportive of you to opt out or pay for your own dinner. Dude could have handled it better but a week worth of hosting relatives (breakfast, lunch, dinner plus gas,etc.) can put a strain of people who can afford it.
Yeah after the last SXSW the line went from 45 minutes to 2 hours. They need to fucking expand. If John can open a place in South Carolina he can add another cutting station and cash register to Austin. The food is already cooked when they open. It's just a matter of adding more people to cut and ring up the food.
I'm wondering if he just lives there regularly and wants to sound better off.
Red Rising. How the fuck is he wring himself out of the corner he put himself in at the end of Golden Son? I just don't see it.
Give John Scalzi a try. Most of his books before the last one are pretty hopeful and non dystopian.
I missed it. Bottom line don't do this shit Op.
You must converse about this but maybe ask her about hard limits? (What she doesn't want)You need some parameters for mental safety and your piece of mind
Have you guys tried couples therapy. I would suggest doing that before having another kid together. I actually think you might get to the bottom of your relationship issue. Sounds like you guys aren't together for very nebulous reasons. The fact that you'd consider this means you have a better relationship than a lot of married people. Before doubling down on kids maybe you should consider actually being a couple for real.
Don't know where you are flying to. This is what I'd do. Freeze it overnight take it out of freezer and put in freezer bag sealed tight. Maybe two bags. This is important because if you put it with your clothes they will smell like smoke otherwise. To avoid this I'd carry it on and keep any sauces separately. I've gotten through with small amounts of sauce frozen but that's not a guarantee.
Nothing is created in a vacuum. Unions started overprotecting workers because management can be crazy. People set up fiefdoms and do crazy shit and break the law. I feel like unions should do a better job of NOT helping shitty people but they kinda operate like lawyers, everybody deserves help/defense. They have a plan for getting rid of people but it's so onerous most managers don't want to put forth the time/effort.
I disagree. The media became deregulated and jobs started going overseas to non-union non-labor law areas. The disaffected unemployed worker has free time and watches this de-regulated media and hears all this bad shit about unions, put forth mostly by the companies that off-shored jobs. The bottom line is that most workers are better off in a union than not in one. Most people don't own businesses so anti-union activity is really in their worst interest.
The bitch was crazy, the end.
Don't give up the grip.
There's a cap? I though this shit was unlimited. How can they give you 1gbps and cap you?
It's also an attraction at one of the parks - too
Time Warner is stingy. Uverse is good the best for previews. They tell you when it comes on.
Is this true? Black American and fear crazy shit when traveling internationally.
Depends on what they paid those guys to fight.
What does J being poor and black have to do with anything? He'd be more likely to do time not less. Also if your sister has no money your folks can put a stop to this shit quick since prison communication is expensive.
You can't visit non-stop. If she's on disability or can't fend for herself he's not going to stick around if her parents aren't financing things.
She sounds like a horrible wife and partner. I'd leave. For real.
No need. MMa junkie radio is IN the MGM Grand if I recall. They would know.
I feel like Europe wants it both ways. It can't survive without under paid cheap immigrants but they seem to always bring their religion with them.
His post makes no fucking sense but I don't see it as anti-gay. He sounds pro-gay just really dumb.
I gave up a few episodes into season one. I felt the team was really poorly thought out and boring.
He can afford to sign guys for pennies on the dollar too since sponsors are so shitty in the UFC now. Kosch owns part of Dethrone I think. He can cake up pretty easy doing it with sponsors.
Blue Star is very good. I like the cheese grits there and the pancakes.
You should check with a lawyer. It might not matter in your state. Kids born in marriage seem to always get charged to father regardless of paternity.
You can get a health insurance waiver.
No get a bio bidet attachment. We've all been doing it wrong man.
I think anybody who goes to college can say that. Schools do a really crappy job of talking to students about how to get a job.
Okay his rib is okay. How the fuck is he going to make weight? On a good day when he's 100 percent he barely makes it.
That make sense.
This is also a great suggestion. The place is a gem but it's way the fuck up North. Very nice food though.
Menu isn't anything crazy but I think their approach with game meat and stuff was interesting.
You can get a waiver if healthcare is too high a percentage of your income.
Support groups often meet for free. Also it's pretty common for people who have been abused in some way to develop kink around those abuses. It's a way to own the experience and take back control. I imagine if you work on finding someone you trust you can work towards achieving orgasm.
You are drawing this out. You want to get divorced file. Don't hang around. Also it's much easier to leave since you have someone lined up. He probably doesn't. Even if I was willing to get a divorce I wouldn't want to see the phone bill. You want to leave leave because he's not a good match or he's got shit he won't work on. Don't leave for someone else. You are leaving your husband for a fantasy. Was your husband a bad guy or was the "spark" just gone?
Get her family on board with your plans.
The best sex is with fucked up people.
She was gas lighting you. Move on. It's possible you weren't perfect but neither was she. If she wanted to leave she should have said so. Instead she wanted her cake and eat it too.
I thought Northcutt left because Daddy said he they anode him tired or something.
We have video of her suicide?
Hire a cleaning service. They aren't that expensive and if she wants to fuck up her weekend doing more that's her business.
She's trying to make you break up with her. I think she met someone else. If you break up she can skip dealing with parents and honestly say you were a horn dog. Leave her.
He had a bad hamstring injury too but never talked about it.he was a late replacement if I recall.
If you are brain damage how are you supposed to make the choice to stop since you have brain damage? Your reasoning could already be compromised at that point. Regulators need to step in.
Does head scratch mean blow job?
Something isn't clear. Is he just a creepy boss who is being taken advantage of by an inept employee or is she interested in him? I can tell you that in any long term relationship you will be tempted. Adults don't act on it. In a way I see his point. If she isn't into Hi. He's firing her for no reason.
How do you think it got in the food? Also the employee s who've spoken out back up reports that the plant was not sanitary and they didn't care about issues reported. No recall. No notice to customers. They didn't care. Keep eating it all you want but I'm done. http://www.dallasnews.com/business/restaurants-hotels/20150913-former-blue-bell-workers-describe-dirty-unsafe-conditions-at-brenham-ice-cream-plant.ece
Are you seriously thinking about marrying her after 3 months? Also why are you okay being in a sexless relationship? It's not good or normal. Just run man.
I know people are knee jerking that he's an asshole but could we have a little empathy. Special needs kids are a huge thing. We don't know all the details. Fuck its possible seeing his kid struggle causes him so much pain he can't be around him. This is a real thing.
Tell the wife. Totally possible she already knows.
Try getting a hotel room once or twice a month to let loose. It seems you are into the sex but are inhibited.
Yes you do. Higher interest rates on debt,etc...
Correct. Higher rates for mortgages and higher medical bills. One person who can't pay their bills effects everybody.
Anytime a crime is posted about on a news site or reddit and the perp is brown.
Oh no... Sea level Cane, full camp Mendez and a re-motivated BJ Penn. Not again.
Let him know he doesn't have to be that attentive. If you get off from him getting off let him know it doesn't always have to be a production.
Start with Cinemax stuff and work your way up.
Wonder if falling energy prices had anything to do with it. The channel is state sponsored and the state's business is natural gas, which is pretty cheap right now.
Rocco Siffredi. He'll have Merkel eating out of his hand, and other places.
I dislike Jones and agree with DC but come on man. DC's been engaged for what like 10 years?
I've seen that in porn and thankfully in real life. In porn though that can't happen on camera because it isn't clear that it's "over". Porn is over when the guy cums due to the visual cues. You often see real orgasms in non traditional porn or with actors with good chemistry. Mostly its just fake shit though.
Dagnart you don't watch enough porn. Big dicks are a dime a dozen. These dildos have nothing on Jonah Falcon, Lex Steele, etc.. OP has seen enough porn to know this.
You said dildo's are designed to be unlike real penis. Well as a guy who's seen porn and unfortunately has been in a few locker rooms it's not average but it's not unheard of either.
Yeah that's a moral issue that it's entirely likely her husband won't give a shit about. Just ask him OP. He might be a little miffed but I think OP is being more offended on his behalf than he'll actually be.
You sound like a sensitive soul. This lady wanted dick and not much else. Go slow man. Do very informal low maintenance dates. You have much less to loose if she's bats hit. Wait a bit for these fun elaborate things.
You guys can get costumes and do cosplay.. Seems like you could make this a reality to some degree.
I can't help but think that Onnit's shit may not be safe either. Who fucking knows. Orin Hatch is a cunt.
Sometimes rightly so. Out laws are kinda fucked. If a woman lies about her age the law doesn't give a shit. Not justifying abuse or cp but "sex offender" doesn't always mean what it should. I once date d a girl who wanted me to sneak into her house. We were both adults she lived with her parents. I didn't do it but I can see where someone less cautious could have been fucked up.
I didn't see anything for sale there less than a dollar.
If I recall he had mortgaged part of the Beatles catalog to Sony for cash. He couldn't sell it. The whole tour he was doing was to get him out of debt.
If she fucked those guys for free would this even be a reddit post?
There isn't enough meat on the bone here. The story of a self absorbed idiot isn't worth a series. This would have been a good TAL episode.
I don't know
Is she crying from pain due to dryness or over stimulation?
Hooters? Really? You see less skin in the mall. Honestly I think Hooters wouldn't make any less money if they just sold wings. I know no guys who go there to look at women. Like zero. Your anger is misplaced in the breasteraunt arena.
Honestly that army guy (GI JOE) who took no shit and almost got drummed out for being honest was way more interesting.
Do you think he was bullshitting? It can be hard to tell with Ken sometimes.
I saw the Fronline about the issue and Will Smith was a horrible choice to play the doctor. HE totally should have played a football player.
Via. I've been to Bufalina and Backspace and they are okay but Via 313 is the only one I go back to.
I think you should correct it that it was Joe's agent he lost not his manager Joe says all the time that he's had the same manager forever.
Where have you seen anyone say anything about quotas?
They'd like the Awards show to be more representative of the world they live in. They aren't asking for quotas but you can keep clinging on that if you'd like.
I never talked shit about him. He's a win one lose one kinda guy. The UFC is full of them. I appreciate him being his age and doing it.
Your response makes no sense. Everyone boycotts places they don't agree. I have gay friends who don't ear chickfila and vegatarians who won't step foot in a BBQ restaurants on principal. They are well within their rights to do so.
Money and time. People with time have no money and people with money have no time. He's got money he should use it to make your life easier. If not then what's the point.
Lower? How about on basic cable.
Dude contact propublica as a confidential source. This is their bread and butter as a non-profit.
You could have declined but the cops could have also fucked with you trumped something up. Fact of the matter the law doesn't mean anything. You are at the mercy of the police.
This is great advice from a really bad screen name. OP I must ask have you fully considered a career in social work? I don't know what country you are in but it's really hard to make a good living in the US with a social work degree. If you stay married why not get a degree in something that has more stability and upside. I hate piling on but fuck I'd hate for you to have student loans you can't pay back on TOP of all the other shit you have going on.
I can't get into this. I have twitch on my xbox one and it's him talking but I can't hear who's talking to him. It seems a flaw and makes things less entertaining.
Let's also be fair. These for profit schools and code academies are convenient. Something traditional colleges could give a fuck about. They are especially convenient for people not accustomed to dealing with beuracracy.
The military has a history of going after people for whistleblowing. Which is a legally protected practice. Even if they don't go after people legally they still ruin their careers.
Or run a mortgage scheme.
Oh no.. Lyoto needs to stop or at least take a year off.
This sounds well and good but there tons of posts on here that people find out they aren't sexually compatible when they waited till marriage. It's just not practical.
Umm Daredevil would be dead or in a coma after all the punishment he took. He doesn't have a healing factor after all. Broken ribs can take months.
A guy making 40 and 40 just got tapped in half a submission.
Chris was a champ but he hadn't fought that many times due to injuries, steroid busts, etc.. I'm sure money was an issue for him. The Reebok deal probably isn't helping.
Because a glancing blow from Rumble crumpled him. An already compromised Arloski didn't get knocked out.
He looked gassed.
The reality is that if he participated in male gay relationships puts him in a higher risk pool for deadly STDs than a straight guy. Sure everyone should get tested but let's be clear their risk is greater.
Women say this exact shit all the time. Believe me lots of women feel after their 20s it's downhill.
Fuck you. How is what I said in dispute even a little bit?
Well it suggests that some people with this guy's name can't look white or at most a swarthy white person. Color lines also exist in India and Mexico.
Are you Mexican? I can assure you that those who look "white" are absolutely aware of it. It's not one big racial family.
It depends on the level of care needed. I looked at some before placing a relative in one. They varied from nightmare to nice hotel. I found a nice one that now costs $7k a month. Relative has dementia, is in a lock down unit so he doesn't try to escape, doesn't like to bath and often locks himself in his room. This stuff doesn't get easier it gets harder as they get sicker.
That's your mom's fault for not pressing the issue. She's creating her own misery. I've found most good parents don't expect to be taken care of.
Boring and high paid. Shields was on a old strike force deal and was apparently way overpaid for someone who lays and prays like he does.
how's that going to work in cold weather?
Only if Heyman gets to bring the old school cell phone with him.
Nina Hartley we need you in here stat!
Brad Pitt. Does a lot of good shit with minimal publicity. Also Henry Winkler because he doesn't seem ashamed of his life as the Fonz. Also Piers Anthony cuz he was awesome to a fan who showed up at his door.
So should they be banned from all clubhouses?
Yeah but if you are famous you have to recognize not people are going to be nicer to you than everyone else. His reality is skewed.
His 100 percent and reality don't always mesh. I'm not basing Joe but he's got blind spots regarding Zuffa and their tactics.
That's who the party is. I'm starting to think this will help down ballot. We'll get more Trumps.
Wages were stagnating before. We were trading manufacturing jobs for retail and low paid healthcare jobs.
How did he get caught?
Thankfully the camera will catch the murder.
London. If I asked for water they brought me a $5 of sparking water. I had ask specifically for still and even then it was brought warm in a glass.
Four Hands Outlet store. I believe on Burnett. Very nice stuff and good prices. Sometimes scratched but it' wall good solid wood furniture.
It is Fox News. Honestly it was the Amit Jewish shit that did her in.
Walk into a Christian Church this morning. At least some of them will be cosigning this shit.
Can't he be both? Most of the Gunman die so we never know if they were down with ISIS or not.
Guys date women with no arms or legs. Scars won't stop anyone who wants to date you.
Is he sending her this stuff or is it just him writing this privately? I think sending it would be the issue to me. Him having a fantasy life is allowed. If he just thought this stuff and didn't write it you would have never know.
She's very likely dating or is interested in someone else. Let it go man.
He'd be 50 by then.
Can' t warn about this place enough. She was there by herself. Lunch took more than an hour. Parts of it were ice cold. I appreciate her charity work but it's just not practical. Toon family from Louisiana to French Quarter Grill and they loved it.
No Republicans complained about the gun that killed a cop. Bush ran the same program with equally shitty results. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-11-17/the-guns-that-got-away
Did they actually explain that. Because the end of one season he had serious issues. The beginning of the next season someone asked him if he's okay and it's like yeah he's fine.
I watch that Blu-ray anytime I buy a new TV. It's the benchmark.
But are they less than pre aca?
Your kid is old enough to speak for himself. Depending. Upon the laws in your state you can also start recording these infractions as evidence.
They'll make him work to get those shares vested though.
I live in Austin and it was bad for about less than year and now it's back so hard people can't afford to live in town or the surrounding areas anymore.
No price point was provided in the initial calls. They just aren't calling back.
Thanks for the suggestion.
They were dumb enough to not say they were booked. Also if they were on the right side of history they'd have a lot of cake business from like minded people.
Go to Costco and get something that looks nice. Price be damned.
Any Toyota or Honda.
Olympus was like an old school 80s movie. Lots of fun. Also I like Law Abiding Citizen.
There is a day laborer center in town. Probably a safer way to go.
A good tactical time is when there are religious riots and protests all over the world due to a video.
I've been to protests and vigils about black on black violence. These things get no media coverage and nobody cares. The thing is the people in these communities expect criminals to be criminals. There is no expectation of "good" behavior from the people dealing drugs in their community. Police on the other hand are there for protection. People who are not criminals know with certainty that if they call the cops to help them they could very easily end up on the other side of the encounter. This shit happens all the time, sometimes even to white people. Only I think white people expect things to go differently. Black people have no expectations of justice in encounters with the police.
Well countries with more strict gun laws have less crime involving guns.
Written by Marv Wolfman, father of the Teen Titans.
An M Night Shamalan film. He hasn't made a watchable movie in 10 years.
These pharmacists aren't private business owners. They work for companies as pharmacists.
I'm glad you've recognized your evil ways. The cops released the video. I believe they did that because they thought her story was horseshit and didn't like the way the case was being discussed.
Holly's ground game is a lot farther behind than Meisha's. If Ronda can't get Holly down she's fucked. Meisha still has options. Styles make fights.
The robot isn't the robot we know until the flash forward at the end of the movie. They don't even give you the money phrase "Danger Will Robinson" until the end.
Civilzation 2 Call to Power
I don't know man. Guys who throw leg kicks chew them up because their style is so front leg heavy.
The UFC has no time for that shit. They want to pay back that big ass loan the new owner's took out. The UFC don't take care of anybody.
That last scene in the car looked like shit though.
The federal government had a rather robust one during the first year of the Obama Administration. You got $8K to buy your first house.
One of the line items Wme vowed to cut was legacy employee costs.
Huh?
Why aren't all planes in the star trek universe operated remotely or by drones? It seems so crazy for human pilots to be out there.
If you didn't want to break up you shouldn't have said that. You leaving really isn't the beginning of a conversation it's the end of one.
This is not a good episode. He's extra high. Lee too.
Do you date? I mean do you do things that are couple-ish and aren't opportunities for nagging or relationship disappointment. Like going dancing, movies, shit you did pre-marriage.
It's totally fine to cut these people out of your life. What do you lose if you cut them out? Nothing I imagine. People aren't magic because they are related to you. Relatives can be shitty and toxic just like non-relatives. Move and don't turn back.
Fyi you have to take that equipment in or you'll be charged, unless you own the modem.
Might be worth a phone calls may be cheaper to buy it before cancelling.
Move out on your own and do your own thing when you can. Keep up appearances until you are done with college or don't need their financial support.
He's been doing ppv number pre WWE being public.
Even problem kids like Bj and Big Rig.
It also helps that nobody else in the cast has ever opened a US movie.
Don't do it yourself. That shit is crazy. Very hard to do.
Neither. BBQ restaurants here have better food and you pick what you want. Of those two I think Estancia is better.
Swanging and banging.
I know many people who read email, Reddit, etc in the morning for a long time. I find if you have a skeevy bathroom at work you are more apt to try to evacuate thoroughly before going to the office. Just a thought, he may not be lying about that. Also if he beats off in the shower I doubt he knocks him holes in the walls doing it.
He has three. I'm in tae Kwon do, one under 10th planet and another under Jacque.
I'd have more sympathy for his situation if he didn't piss hot. Edit. I could have sworn he pissed hoy around the time of his Anderson Silva fight. Apparently not.
Auto correct hates it. I liked it fine when I was 15.
Stay out of it. My guess is the dad has been an ass a while. This was likely the final straw. Life is not some sappy Gary Marshall movie. Real life sociopaths don't have changes of hearts and become hero to the town. In real life they die alone with a lot of cash.
Split the difference and buy a dick sleeve. It's you and the dildo.
Next Headline, Overeem pulls out of fight due to fear.
City got kickbacks from cab companies.
I saw nothing wrong with what Amanda said considering all the shit Rousey talked to get to where she was.
That's unfair. Fans want the best fighters to keep fighting and the best athletes in the sport. If there's not money in fighting then people like GSP will quit before their time. The numbers matter.
I'd talk to your dad or mom about it. I'd suggest he invite her alone over to lunch. Say he and your mom want to get to know her. Then just talk to her and ask her. If the mom is supportive bring her in too. It's possible there is another explanation for her injuries. I worked with a woman who was always covered in bruises. Turns out she had some kind of super rare potentially fatal kind of anemia. She bruised from the slightest touch. Also they could be into kink One never knows.
Fuck that noise. If your partner won't fuck you, won't converse about it and you aren't able to self pleasure lying is probably the only option other than divorce. You can't put someone in a horrible situation and expect them not to find a way around it. Imagine the conversation here if the genders were reversed. They'd call her abusive for trying to control him. Op lied big deal. The wife was the thought and genital police, way worse. Is he supposed to slowly wait till she comes around? So when he's in his 60s he can look at women on the beach? Come on. She had no high horse in this regard.
People won't showroom if the book is similarly priced. Break even or have think margins on books and push high margin stuff. Food, coffee, experiences.
I think the food is good. I can't see how you'd consider their fish and chips gross unless you only eat Long John Silver's.
What propaganda? The guy was an asshole? Nobody looks good in that season.
She didn't come down on the side of him being innocent though.
The dude is apparently very uncomfortable doing all this shit with a woman not his wife. He really wanted out of the sequel I think.
So few good parts for women.
The words that came out of her mouth in the last episode were pretty clear.
Well Mac's are pretty tight these days so it's possible the damage isn't that bad. If they quote you anything over $500. Just buy a new one. Chances are the drive is okay and they can just transfer the data and you have your old Mac in a new shell.
It's over. This isn't the type of infidelity you can come back from. She's not remorseful and is likely carrying on with the guy still. You need to move back home and call a lawyer. Sleep in separate rooms and follow the lawyer's advice
Member a few years ago Joe was talking about a friend addicted to pills? I think it was Adderall. Then not long after he missed a ppv and it was hinted he might be in rehab. This smells of him having some problem with the UFC besides money. I'm thinking he had some issue and they opted not to reup his contract. He wasn't fired.
Please tell us about your experience so we can continue to shit on the corpse of this company.
The Elizabeth Moon Sheepfarmer's daughter books.
All the donors want them. See how quickly this shit dies.
Search on Reddit. Lots of women want no part of planning a wedding that's not theirs. That you were into and she rewarded you by not inviting you is crazy. I think you are doing the right thing.
Making friends as a grown up is hard but the number of friends you have is directly related to how happy you are. Do you like to read? Join a book club. Look on meetup for activities that interest you. How much money do you need to live? Can you move closer to work?
Yeah how sad is it that a guy obviously trying to get help can't get it. Walking into the FBI and saying you hear voices is an act of kindness and self preservation. I pity the victims and the shooter.
He was hearing voices and walked into an FBI office. Perfect time to take his guns away.
Yeah but he also continued to get on their bad side. I'm pretty sure they hired him to try to control him.
You cheated. That can't be undone. How about you bring up leaving in therapy. It's a good place to negotiate your exit with a witness.
Exclusive doesn't mean he sees you daily. It means he's not dating anyone else. There is a difference between helping someone feel more secure in the relationship and changing them. It sounds like he's just kinda insecure.
I hope she turns it around.
Meet at a police station.
Every relationship has rules. Tell him you can't leave dishes around due to bugs and you can't look for his dishes. Maybe he could eat in a designated area so there aren't any stray dishes.
I've been you. I broke up with the woman. I'd let him know how you feel and tell him hearing him run himself down is the most unattractive thing about him. Also he should get into weight lifting.
Fake it. Leave him a note saying you took a pill and let him have at it. Wear a sleep mask to help stay in character.
Good post. That rich bitch who left their vic for dead and sobered up for two days is the worst offender
This is Austin where dogs and kids can do no wrong. Ever
Great. Always wanted to try Fonda San Miguel.
Replay, very good.
If it was good news he'd say so. Just ask how he's doing.
Umm most fat guys aren't getting a lot of love. I wouldn't necessarily say you need to reveal your fetish just date one. Ask a guy you find handsome out I know women feel weird about it but I seriously doubt a fat guy is going to hate on a woman being turned on by his fatness. Go wild. Regarding feeding normal meals will probably be enough feeding for them to be fat or gain.Just sit in his lap and feed him what he already planned to eat.
I think there is r/littlespace
TJ is classless. He started it and he was notorious for going too hard in practice. Fuck him, with all due respect
Yet they leave Jihad videos up. Fuck YouTube.
It's not uncommon for all gyms to go hard the first day or week to weed out "tough" guys. But there is a difference between going hard in wrestling practice to knocking guys out in the gym.
That CBS service will be cancelled by the time this thing is done shooting.
Kelp noodles. They are shelf stable and work well as a substitute.
Your husband has a mental illness that he doesn't want to treat. You have done nothing wrong if your account is accurate and you are protecting your kids by keeping them away from him. I'd get divorced, go for full custody and only supervised visitation given his violent outbursts. I'd move in with family. I'd also get a restraining order given his history of violence and throwing things at you. It may not work but it covers you incase you have to defend yourself. I'd also consider a concealed carry permit
Todd Grisham had the desk tonight and said he'd be back tomorrow. That's usually her gig. Since Goldy didn't get a send off I thought she was on the block too.
The Handmaiden
Usually they sell the inventory to a liquidator and they raise prices, add ten percent off and no returns.
Their episode descriptions are shit. Btw it's season 4 of the show.
Why don't British actors hang on to jobs? This seems pretty cush. The should keep the same actors.
If he was going to retire he would have done it in the ring. I bet he wants to come back still. I think the ref was trying to make sure BJ retires. BTW foreign fighters who try to speak English need to stop apologizing. I understood him better than half the American fighters.
Dude has nobody to tell him no. I don't see how anybody could have booked him a fight after his last three fights. Those loess weren't just gassing or lack of technique. He didn't throw at all. Had weird stances. He was literally out there like he didn't know how to fight anymore. I kinda wonder, with new owners not giving guys no show jobs, does a guy like BJ need money? I know his family is rich but that's not always the same as having your own money. Maybe he un-retires asks for a fight. If the UFC won't give it to him can he walk elsewhere? Do they keep booking him to keep him from Bellator or Rizin?
I know he's your hero man but he's landed 125 SIG strikes total in his last four fights. Bj is not a one punch knockout guy. When someone beats you up so bad they feel sorry for winning it's time to quit. http://www.fightmetric.com:8081/fighters/detail/361/
I doubt it cuz toucan't prove which fight did it. Ali had a shit load of fights before he fought Holmes.
But it's not unique to them. It's just life. I'm sure lung cancer was pretty common in London. I'd almost rather see a show about people who work for the queen.
Maybe she likes you. Don't lie just tell her you aren't there yet. See where things go. There is no harm.
Is he on any mood medicines? I know people on some heavy anti-psychotics and they have eye twitches and tremors.
Yeah he was good in Man from Uncle. Those shitty Superman movies succeed all the charisma out of him.
I liked Earth 2 Superman reboot that was pretty recent. Fun, kinda sad. It felt modern and appropriate.
Network shows are accessible to everyone with a TV. A better comparison is any show on TNT,FXX or TBS.
Too late assholes.
Well he doesn't hit women or smoke cigarettes anymore either. Hamlet has been changed and reinterpreted a thousand ways. Bond isn't anymore sacrosanct than Hamlet or Romeo and Juliet. Nobody is making new things. People want old things but different.
Well I think they gave him good advice. The mother was bat shit crazy.
This is a reasonable middle ground. I don't think Manning is a hero. I think Manning has mental issues and lashed out. The reasons weren't noble.
People should also keep in mind lots of guys are still fighting on pre Reebok deals. The UFC used the prospect of sponsorship money to offset their shit pay. Those deals are now ending. That's why there is so much unrest.
Here here. Nothing worse than a entitled dog owner.
Maybe you should pause on this kind of intense situation s d relationship and work on your anxiety.
Red Rising
The ratings were very good when Nate fought Benson.
I mean Instagram is a source of homemade nudes. The women do it for a reason. I don't equate Instagram follows with cheating. This is a publicly available web site. Sometimes these "models" have interesting drama.
Bidet attachments for the toilets. Best $30 ever spent.
Gargoyles before Disney cheaped out. Really cool sweeping story with an inter-species romance.
I'd be okay with it.
I think he's coming back way too soon. I know he needs cash but Chris needs more recovery time.
Taxes, management, fees, etc.
Give it time and use your words. He seems pretty open. He may need it a smidge less than you but if he's ticking all the other boxes give himself a break on lack of enthusiasm.
Cool. If you found therapy worked for you may I suggest you mention it in your OP. It's such common advice but people doubt it works.ive always felt you get out what you put in. Congrats on your new life.
Pretty sure you can lock the nano screen with a pin. At least you could with old ones.
How can you play that game coop? Isn't it a PC game? Do you mean each of you playing it online from a different computer?
You are a good wife. You are the reddit unicorn.
I'd love to try to play civ with my girlfriend but I guess I'd have to buy her a copy of the game.
I'll look into it
Yes.. I'm pretty sure they mentioned a class trip to the place he worked.
Have you snooped? It seems like in a few of these "I don't want to have sex" threads we get updates about the non-sex spouse not wanting to cheat on their side piece with their spouse. So if snooping reveals nothing then demand she get checked out as ac condition of staying married.
Religious?
How many of those Flyweight finishes are DJs?
Everybody Hate's Chris was also pretty accurate.
Public transport is pure shit in most of Texas.
It's okay. The food is just okay but they give you a fuckload of it. I'm sure everything is frozen Sysco stuff heated up in the microwave like most restraints that scale. The cheesecake though is actually pretty good, particularly if you like flavored cheesecake.
It wasn't funny.
O-Town was all guys. What are you talking about?
I wonder if it would be helpful to bring up how what she says makes you feel. If she's ugly as she claims what does that say about you? Might make a difference.
Okay so in aging studies it says it helps to be a little overweight when you get older. So let's say he gains 20 pounds or 30. All his health markers are unchanged and he likes being 30 pounds chubbier. Would you be cool with it? Let's say it's his hair or facial hair. The opposite of whatever you like. Sure it's your body but a little consideration is in order. You've got an severe look going already. Would it be so bad to just not get any more?
Relationships are compromise. It seems like Op won't be satisfied till she's totally covered
I once saw a guys grandmother claim he didn't beat this woman so bad a friend didn't recognize her. Despite it being on video. Unconditional love man.
Isn't Tonon a leg lock guy? Maybe they think it's too dangerous.
Well in the US during to the ACA you can't be denied health insurance due to pre-existing conditions like being a fighter. That is likely to change soon though.
I seriously doubt a guy this selfish is sleeping alone every night. It's highly likely he has a side piece in the places he travels to. That's likely why he doesn't care about being gone. He's a bachelor. You need to leave and let him deal with his own responsibilities.
Aren't these hotels big terrorist targets?
You will find it hard or impossible to get a doctor to give you a vasectomy at your age. Same for her unless she as a bunch of kids.
Did you leave the house and go stay with a friend to deal with it? Oh and also go radio silent?
Get a window. In the grand scheme of the housing costs it's a rounding error. If you want to feel better about it find a part time job and work weekends for a month. Given your salary I don't think it's necessary.
Just make the call. If they do nothing that's their business. At least you'd have a clear conscious.
He's on the undercard. They always have quick turn around.
If there's a warrant the sheriff will detain who ever is on the warrant. Immigration is a federal issue. What they won't do is stop someone for speeding and badger them about citizenship. It's a good policy because you want immigrants to be able to call the police if they need to. Also the immigration holds are administrative holds, not criminal holds. They don't get sent to jail for immigration violation.
Be prepared for the mushroom pizza you like to cost $30. Homeless people with no food don't last a day in those fields.
And he's shitting on Vets who likely have real problems due to their service.
Ted Turner would have been a much better crazy business man president.
I think Pena is trying to troll Ronda into coming out of retirement to fight her. It might work. She should keep it up.
How long does it take for the card to be added to fight pass to view after it happened? I try doing it now and I get an error.
What problem would that be? Not harassing a woman over some made up bullshit. If the problem was gaming journalism how come nobody is fixing and threatening the guy journalists? If the issue is gaming journalism how come nobody is bringing the issue up now? There are less outlets and more consolidation. Where is the outrage about rave reviews for shit games who also advertise on these site? Come on man. Save that for 4 chan
He lost to the top guys. Not scrubs. Overall though I wouldn't be surprised if the UFC cuts guys based on inside info. All the people they failed to re-sign have failed in lesser organizations.
In practice green card holders were absolutely caught up in this.
More jobs for undertakers.
You don't do it this haphazard. Asking people what they think of Trump at the airport accomplishes what exactly? Any real vetting wouldn't happen at the airport.
Nope. It's safer. Closure is an illusion.
This is the world we live in.
Mark closed his gym to be a trainer in another? His gym was well regarded. I wonder how most of these gyms do.
She's got a history of hooking up with her directors.
Technically it depends on how chubby and how skinny you are and how you got there. You are likely more healthy as a chubby person than as a skinny person with health problems fro. Anorexia or bulimia. Audrey Hepburn was tiny from her time starving as a child in Europe. Still she worried about her weight her whole life. Actresses we're encouraged to smoke and take pills to keep weight off.
Yeah these aren't people worth loving Cut out the cancer that is them. You'll both be better for it. I'd also return the $2,000.00 just to let them know it's over.
No but you bet he'd demand more money. I'm giving the fighter the benefit of the doubt over Dana. Hell he could want a high guarantee if Tj doesn't make weight.
This is all really raw. Don't make any rash decisions right now. Give him some space.
Could he have rich parents? Lots of seemingly poor people have sponsors.
Is it really that weird? Not having kids would make it easier to walk away. That's pretty obvious. They both recognize the relationship wasn't working.
Kevin James is notoriously difficult to work with. This show is dead. It's never worked or been funny. Already fired one show runner. Erinn was good in other shows. I'm a dude and I found the mis-match in ages and appearance kind of vile. By TV standards Leah might be too old for him, let that sink in. Honestly when I happened by Paul Blart on TV I thought the actress playing his daughter was an appropriate love interest. I didn't know at the time she was a kid.
It's so bizarre. Does anyone think she's better off doing what she did to herself vs. letting nature take its course.
Fatigue. It could have been much shittier. I think the first half works well. The heroing part was kinda shitty and felt shoehorned in.
No. It was for cash.
Those small thoughtful movies don't make dick.
Cable companies are taking a take it or leave it stance. (Viacom is not a cable company). My cable company Suddenlink dropped all Viacom stations. It's a pain in the ass.
How exactly are they PC? You don't make any sense.
I've had to do what your boyfriend did. Look at this from his perspective. How else was he going to get you stabilized? In the future you can find nicer facility to be checked into. Your doctor can work with you on that. There is often a long build up to manic episodes so you could have been erattic for a while. Just take your medicine and don't stop taking them without working with doctors to transition to new ones.
Also possible her illness has been building up for a while. My relative had quit her job and racked up $10 k in debt in the year before her first manic psyhcotic episode. When they brought her to the hospital she was screaming Bible hymns at the top of her lungs, to the point her voice was breaking. She remembers non of it.
Yes the system worked.
You can't recognize that every situation is unique. It's not as simple as Internet is killing everything. Unless you think making every department compete against each other for advertising dollars makes sense. Sears was ubiquitous. It had the catalog business to transition to being an internet company yet they still fucked up. It's a unique situation. But please keep defending Eddie. I'm sure he needs the help. /s
Hey. I'm sure DJ would invite you to spar if you signed the right waivers. I'm sure someone could make that happen.
People are also entitled to shit on the UFC for being so thin skinned compared to all other sports.
Show me where the state was eager to spend money the city fought it.
Yep. Do what your lawyer says. Very possible you could end up paying alimony to him.
But you both put it on the table by doing this together/not together thing. Unless you specifically put limits on hookups I don't think you can now retroactively police her. I imagine you didn't put limits because you thought she'd be faithful to the non-exisistent relationship. Let it go until you are actually together.
Matt does everything, which I think is a mistake. See Cesar Gracie and the Diaz Bros.
And Diazs.
Also take into account what it means to prep for someone like TJ. The fight goes on if TJ misses weight. That means DJ still fights and likely at a disadvantage. It's more risk for less reward.
The Mummy was old time serial fun. The effects were shit even then but I honestly think it's fun and will sit through the whole thing if sick at home and it's on TNT. The Mummy isn't scary or dangerous. A hot chick in rags, that's just another sunny day in Austin.
Yes. Girls who really like it approach it like an art with ferocity. You can't fake it.
Are you also one of those guys who claims to hate the fake pro wrestling bullshit? If you are then you are being a hypocrite. You are asking guys to make up beef to entertain fans. LeBron James and James Harden don't have to hate each other to be sport stars. They just have to be good at their sport. I question the fandom of anyone who only gets pumped when people throw shit at weigh-ins. Also DJ does media he says controversial shit, it gets no traction.
He had the Rhonda Rousey thing last month. He talked shit after beating guys without getting touched. The guy has done the things you are supposed to do.
She wants the excitement of the new guy and stability of you. She can't have both. Move on and start dating yourself. You don't have to take this shit so don't.
Don't overreact. I wouldn't immediately go to she's crazy. She might just say that shit to get off. If she follows up circle back around and ask her about all that. You can be honest.
Lie and say you lost the baby. Miscarriages are common and tell people to fuck off. Those people spreading rumors aren't your friends.
If the worst thing about your family is that they are fat then you have no to worry about. You don't mention if they are good people or good parents. I think it's pretty bad that you feel they are less than because of it. It's like elitisim at it's worst. I think you should work on that issue.
Op loves her dad and is willing the throw the fiancee under the bus to reconcile. Hey Op I think your dad is going to get what he wanted since you seem bent on reconciliation. If your fiancee is sane and doesn't agree this will be the end of the relationship. Dad is a sly man. The only compromise is you have whatever relationship you want with the your dad but not the kids.
Not even that. I think most people that get to those places in Hollywood have parents that help them out. Hollywood is very insular and I'd say 80 percent of the people making it do so with help from their folks. So to them siting it out is a viable option. THey'd never take some shit job.
The opening weekend isn't really about quality it's about marketing. I imagine the quality was so bad here that they had nothing to sell.
I'm black and Truman was a stone-cold racist. I'm not pining away for him.
One good round of action then they were both winging wild punches. Lewis is either injured or totally out of gas. Either way wasn't a great fight. If the guy got more serious about his training he could be even more dangerous but it sounds like he's kinda beat up. At this point the juice might not be worth the squeeze. I know on some level he was thinking he didn't want to be all fucked up and concussed on his honeymoon.
He didn't pull that shit out of thin air. The ex made allegations posted pictures. The cops not filing charges doesn't mean it didn't happen. Ronda may end up singing the same song. Travis seems to have issues in his relationships. Remindme! 1 year "Travis Browne still with Rousey and no drama"
Yeah it was like that when I got here. Utopia. I liked going downtown then. The taking away of the free street parking allowed all the garages to start gouging. It's a shit show now.
Republicans will never allow statehood to happen. They don't want to hand dems a new electoral college vote.
I think the GOP base sees brown and spanish and won't see them as anything but potential demands voters.
Platform maybe, but when it comes to action they fight states rights that they don't agree with.
It so excuse but it's amazing more people don't die making movies. Directors can be crazy about getting the shot and cutting corners. Nothing happens until it happens, then it's a tragedy instead of an anecdote.
It was expensive with no dedicated parking. You only get college kids who walk up. With all the construction, homeless and students that street is like hell.
How many places are you going to type the same shit without evidence? Gabby Gifford's got shot too. Guy was just fucking crazy.
Hey I'm pro gun control. You guys might want to consider​ it. He's not helping my cause although this could help move the gun control issue. Nobody wants to carry 24/7.
Never read her fantasy any recommendations?
That ain't a full recovery.
Did you watch that? She's talking about people fighting for civil rights being murdered. At no point does she call for blood in the streets. The list long, mlk, Malcolm X, Medger Evers. All your other links must be bs too.
Yeah run. This is abusive shit. End this.
If you want to help her kick in some cash towards the divorce lawyer. Just don't feel bad if you never get it back.
I drive an hour for work and I want to quit every day.
I'm thinking of skipping book 5. It feels like filler. I know she'll be a marine again.
Dude needs to get his kegel on.
I think the show is well made and engaging. The fact that season 2 was the least street of all seasons probably helped. https://www.avclub.com/amp/72030#ampshare=http://www.avclub.com/article/david-simon-is-tired-of-your-love-for-emthe-wireem-72030
This is a silly premise. 60 Minutes is a consistently high rated show and it consistently lies to my DVR. It lists old shows as new because it includes a mix of old stories. They cheat like crazy it drives me mad.
Is the gender of the housekeeper supposed to be ambiguous? If I recall she was originally a generic old lady
He talks about it here: http://www.kcrw.com/news-culture/shows/the-business/canned-laughs-fresh-ideas#seg-canned-laughs-fresh-ideas
She wants you. Let it go. She's poison. Ignoring her is the best revenge.
I imagine there was no sex on those right? You have fill time somehow.
That's a distinct possibility. Killing the messenger is a real thing.
Like 60 Percent of actors smoke. They seem to be the only people still buying cigarettes.
Mostly from vape though not regular cigarettes? Also other countries still smoke like it's 1935.
I disagree. Amazon appears to be hands off with s lot of their acquisitions. See Zappos.
I love that he had the force powers to know he had mj in his system.
He has a reputation outside of his nice guy persona. Both can be true. You can be nice and a dick. Makes him human.
Pulling a knife out when you are that out numbered is a good way to get stabbed.
I'm saying it's not much protection so what is the point.
There is no reason for them to cost so damn much though. They aren't showing lots of first run movies.
Oprah said to always sign your own checks.
I can see how it happens. Especially for musicians. They aren't home for weeks at a time. International travel, etc. I can see wanting to delegate that stuff.
call a tow truck and tow it to a dealership or tire shop. If you have a car that's 10 years old you need to pay for AAA. It pays for itself with one tow. Always get gold membership too. The basic membership only allows for towing for like 5 miles or something crazy.
I'd be so stoked if my partner did this. It's so hot and you totally be let him off the hook regarding lasting a long time. This is a feature not a bug.
I was in a similar situation. Turns out she had an autoimmune disease. She needs to go to a doctor if not for herself the for the relationship. It's okay for bad sex to be a deal breaker.
Did you guys run away? What was the aftermath?
Baby is also a newborn human. See it can be both.
The cop didn't have super powers and there was a infant in the car. The guy was clean, he wouldn't have been able to legally carry otherwise.
It sounds like it was just an accident.
Apparently that was a bad shoot. He and Bay didn't get along.
Maybe it's the security and vulnerability that turns you on.
Yes I have. It's very common.
Trump looks fatter.
Ronald Reagan. https://medium.com/p/when-mom-and-dad-call-each-other-mom-and-dad-849237a26cfa Also lots of Puerto Rican women call males in general Daddy or Papi, including romantic partners.
Also he may respect you too much. He's got to kiss you on a regular basis. Don't take it as an insult. I like watching MMA but I don't want to have a fight.
I find folks with mental illness can be good at pretending. Eventually they blow up but it takes a while.
What kind of property crime ? Was the rape stranger or date t me rape? (All rape is bad but shitbag you know I'd different than some stranger kicking in your door and asaulting you)
The cop had no way of knowing if he had THC in his system and there is zero evidence he was high. He was not speeding or breaking any laws.
Do you feel like the buildings are secure? I wouldn't be surprised if the robberies were in house.
Money. Lose to a GOAT and make millions or have a fight pass war with an obscure cheater.
He fought Anderson on fight pass. If the UFC doesn't think something will sell and they want to send a message they put guys with ppv on fight pass free tv like a motherfucker. There is a reason Eddie Alvarez doesn't fight on PPV much.
Yeah he'll have to try suicide or do something involving the cops. I've been in that situation and it's not pretty. Op needs to get out for her own safety.
Don't date seriously until you stop escorting. You may find someone cool with it but the pool is very shallow. It's an easier pill to swallow that it's something you used to do.
Send him an email or letter. Honestly for a first love it might be easier if he can dislike you. You could also just fade away.
Just put your foot by her head during sex. Or if she's into rough stuff ",make" her head go there. Let nature take its course. Retake the quiz and ask for 100 percent honestly and no swear no judgement.
The same thing happened in Bush administration. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-11-17/the-guns-that-got-away
No you don't know what you are talking about. There are men who spent more than 20 or 30 years in jail for crimes they didn't commit. They did not get some massive, live on an island pay day.
They get mad about taxes that don't effect them on the off chance it might one day. These folks keep the lottery in business.
The guy would probably love a week by himself. Alone time is something that dies in long term couples.
Heavy doesn't equal stronger than a guy who's trained his whole life.
We had rules for forgiveness but the current administration appears to be rolling those rules back or eliminating them.
you guys divorced?
Is she doing anything to finish her undergrad degree? I feel like failing in college is not giving a fuck. She needs to address that first. Also do you think she could pursue being a physician assistant or nurse instead? It's still hard but not as intense as being a doctor.
Cool!
Tax scams. Last time I checked the IRS does not take iTunes gift cards or walmart gift cards as payment. Even so what are the odds they'd call from a busy call center in India?
Honestly I was impressed he won a round. I don't think he's legit won a round in the last 3 or 4 fights. I mean it should qualify as improvement.
Yeah Dennis isn't exactly a wiz on the ground. BJ could have had the ending he wanted if he subbed him.
Time beat BJ. Time is undefeated. Too many head strikes, too much training, too much everything.
I kinda feel like BJ is clean. He had a lot of talent. Having lots of talent can kinda hold you back when it's not enough and unfortunately it's not enough. Modern guys are too good, too many tools.
No. Just search r/relationship for heavy women mad that the guy likes them heavy. Women hate it which is total horseshit. You will never see a short guy or fat guy or tall guy mad that a woman likes what they have/are. It feels like a lack of self-esteem issue to me. Like I don't want to belong to a club that actually wants me as a member.
No guy cares about nipple color. They just want there to be breasts and nipples.
Vorkosigan Saga is serious enough but at times light hearted.
Ref absolutely fucked up but I don't think he was getting out the choke. He isn't even fighting hands at that point.
His brain is a horcrux
Siver has the good sense to go down. Bj keeps standing and getting beat up
Counseling could make leaving easier emotionally. So even if it doesn't solve the problem it could still provide s benefit.
I feel bad for her. I'm shocked this doesn't happen more often. Nerves, people jumping on your stomach, choking you. Other sports you could get a time out.
That's statutory rape. That was super common in military towns. GIs picking up girlfriends from Junior high school.
I heard a story on npr. The housing was a trailer 10 people deep with a hole in the floor. It was nightmare fuel.
I don't think they pay workers comp though
"We will go out every Friday night. We will alternate who chose. These could be movies, put out golf, music shows,art galleries whatever. Something out of the house. "It's the carrot to go with the stick of her getting off her ass. You can let her know her doing shit isn't a negotation. You can say what you want and don't want. These can be conditions for continuing the relationship. Let her figure out how to work.
She's kinky and likely submissive. She is going about this the wrong way. Have a clothed conversation. Please don't be judgey. This doesn't mean the wife is broken or a bad person. This could end up being fun for the both of you if you keep an open mind. She's likely bringing this up to you because she loves and trusts you. You aren't going to really hurt her. If she has trauma in her past this kind of play is a good way to re contextualize it for some people. Don't act disgusted when she tells you what she's into. Instead of thinking why think why not? Set some boundaries so you both feel safe and go slow. ENJOY man.
Write a letter and have your new maid of honor deliver it. Let's see who your friends are.. No really maybe ask your wedding planner or someone else to doit. Perhaps your fiancee. Say you are too upset.
Try Liberte or Noosa it'll change your life. His too.
Does Lee get to hit him in the head 15 times first?
No it sucks having older parents.
Try again. I've never had an issue
In the future you may want to consider using Amazon's cloud service. You can email ebooks to yourself and amazon will convert them. Also google play books will allow you to upload an ebook. Just a thought. Good luck
Dude you can't discount his contribution because other people wrote sequels to some of those movies and they were pure shit. To suggest he has no talent is bullshit. The bodyguard made $411,006,740 worldwide and was the third biggest movie that year. No aliens, no real car chases it's a grown up movie and was a big hit.
Tonya pulls a Bruno, comes on to her during the fight, catches her by surprise and gets the win. It's kinda her only chance.
Jim's will give you the shits at 1 am, fixed that for ya.
You can get spousal support.
Artemis Fowl. Those books rock and I'm an old ass guy.
They know patterns and know where you are at any given time. What days you have off, etc.
Me too. Hall was willing but Grey was too wary of being dragged to the ground.
Yeah also before all this recent craziness they wouldn't let you in school if you weren't vaccinated. Sis he skip all those?
Are all these non-fiction?
I don't know how long ago this was but you could have got on prep asap and it lowers you chances of getting hiv.
She's involved and gave consent. Plus how deep do you think she's sleeping? Is impossible she likes sex but is kinda lazy? This way she gets sex with no effort.
Wasn't it all downhill after Brent left?
Maybe watch A Fish Called Wanda. He can see it's not so weird.
Trust that if there was an issue she'd say so. Ask her in a non sexual situation.
It depends on who DJ fights.. People have very short memories.
