He had two pro bowl years in Denver.
Barwin, Matthews, Cox, Peters are some names I'm thinking about right now.
Happen to have any VODS of you playing it? It's fun but it's not working for me when I try it. Feel like I'm missing some nuances. (I am bad, that is a large part of why.)
We should trade him considering how stacked we are at the position. We will get at least 2 firsts considering his incredible blocking.
They are basically pet dairy goats, they aren't being raised for meat.
iPhone 5s.
He's still learning to talk so it's a little early for that. I'm a vegetarian personally but his Mom (who took the photo) and Dad are not. They do eat vegetarian meals occasionally. His parents are animal lovers and he has been around animals since he was born. Multiple pets in the house, Mom took him to the barn to meet her horse, loves looking at my fish tank. So I doubt he will end up a vegetarian but he will definitely have a healthy respect for animals. The goats there are basically pet dairy goats. They aren't being raised for meat.
No, it's not, retard.
Good stuff, and thanks for your link to your previous post. You should start a blog.
No.
3 NFL championships, including the only playoff victory over the guy the Super Bowl trophy is named after. That's reality. But even if the idea that the Eagles are without a championship was not ahistorical idiocy, hanging your hat on that idea for a podcast name is something a Cowboys fan would do, not an Eagles fan. But hey, do it if you think being proudly ignorant about the history of the team you are talking about is going to get you listeners. I think this thread is pretty good evidence it's not the best strategery, but keep fucking that chicken if it's what floats your boat.
Don't sleep on Hollywood Huff either.
"Regional" brewer is probably the best description for Yuengling, not craft but not InBev either.
It's not like it's totally undeserved, ya know.
Meanwhile, Jason Peters, better player...is in the building for voluntary workouts.
Well duh, I just said that.
That is an extremely lucrative career for an NFL guard. The reason he didn't make more over that time is that he sucked ass until he got to the Eagles. And even now, he is seriously overrated by a lot of observers. There was basically zero impact when he was injured last year. He is overpaid for a guard. He's whining and holding out over his contract. He's old. His response to his coach saying he couldn't get a trade offer for him was to tell his boss "Deez" (Nutz) on Twitter. Why the hell would anybody keep him around for a contract THAT NOT A SINGLE TEAM IN THE ENTIRE LEAGUE would take on for even a 7th round pick? &gt;Mathis played in nine games: the season opener, when Nick Foles was the starting quarterback, and the eight games that Mark Sanchez started. Over the seven games that Mathis missed, the Eagles averaged 122 rushing yards a game. Over the nine games he played, they averaged 127. The difference was negligible. &gt;It wasn't when it came to protecting Foles or Sanchez. Foles threw 311 passes last season, Sanchez 309. But Foles, who started seven games without Mathis, was sacked on just 2.8 percent of his pass attempts. Sanchez, who didn't start a game without Mathis, was sacked 6.9 percent of the time. That's 21/2 times more frequently than Foles. You can say that disparity was based largely on Sanchez's tendency to hold the ball, or Foles' to get rid of it. What you can't say is that Mathis made the Eagles' pass protection, or their run-blocking, significantly better last season. Chip Kelly definitely wouldn't, and as everyone learned again Thursday, his is the only opinion that counts. http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/eagles/20150612_Kelly_dismisses_another_star_who_wouldn_t_buy_in.html#vj60qo5O0qUlQCfV.99
You say that. **Every single GM in the NFL says no** if the cost is even a 7th round pick, and one team even if they don't have to give up a 7. They had two years to get him. Not a single GM in the entire NFL did it. Guards are not a hot commodity you break the bank for, they are easy to replace. I just gave you the stats for his missed time, the downgrade from a "top 5" guard to his backup was basically non-existent.
A second job to pay the bills? Lol.
Yes but he actually deserved to. As you can tell by the fact that a team later traded for him for a first round pick and more and then later gave him the big money he wanted. This was because he was an elite player at an elite position in his prime, not an over the hill guard who not a single GM in the NFL would give up a 7th round pick for with his overpriced contract.
So did Mathis!
According to some website, not NFL general managers. And again, at an easily replaceable position and old.
No, the racist Washington team. Being the last team to integrate, and then only under threat from the federal government...leads to a lot of old school fans in the South.
Over two years.
The Summer Wheat is priced higher than other Yuengling products. I'm a huge fan of it.
Heh, I would love to see an explanation like this article did for Philly of why Ocean City water tastes like it does. For a place without booze, you would think they would make the water taste good at least.
Bookmark it CC, you know they will be eating these words pretty soon.
It started out weird as hell, but once we get to the point where the player himself has declared himself a CC fan...we have transcended all that. This is the offseason of CC. Embrace it. It's fun.
You can't really go wrong with any team aside from the Washington, DC team. (Because of the racist name obviously and also the shitbag owner, you don't want to be a part of that.) Eagles would be a good choice. Tons of history, the team was named after a New Deal program to help get people back to work during the Great Depression. It's the city where America was founded, so why not make it your team for American football? The team has had a lot of success in recent times so you aren't jumping on with a loser but they haven't won a championship since 1960 so you can't really be accused of jumping on a bandwagon. The team also has an innovating, fun coach and is always entertaining to watch, win or lose. If you are a big Reddit user, you might want to check out some of the various subs for teams you are interested in. You might find a group of people you connect with, and really having fun with fellow fans is the most awesome thing about following a team. One neat thing that recently happened on the Eagles sub is that a redditor who has made it his mission to post every article he can find about our second year receiver Josh Huff because he is a big fan was rewarded with Josh Huff himself [returning the favor.](https://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/3a2dn4/ucc2560_destined_for_breakout_season_on_reagles/) We have also had players like Evan Mathis (now former player) comment on the sub from time to time. The team and Reddit seem to have a pretty good relationship. Also, [our long snapper is a magician.](http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=8677690)
The Father, Mother, Warrior, Maiden, Smith, Crone, and Stranger.
Sure, much like the invasion of Iraq was all about defending America from Saddam's WMDs.
To quote Alexander H. Stephens, Vice President of the Confederate States of America: "Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."
DeSean got a penalty for his [Nestea plunge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPAOx85dhpk) because "going to the ground" is a penalty. It's completely idiotic.
Yeah, I wish the beer prices were lower so I could just get hammered so I wouldn't care. :P
I do plenty of flagging of people coming from all perspectives and am generally satisfied with the results. But I do feel like flagging may be something the site problems are centered around. When Matt was burning out I had comments deleted a few times and when I asked why it became pretty clear is was just flag based, which I had never seen as the case before. Usually there is a judgement call. I think there is just so much being flagged now that they are getting overwhelmed. I really don't like having this conversation about the wider site issues in terms of a thread about concerns from trans people. I think transphobia validly deserves extremely strict moderation even for borderline stuff, I just don't want to see that level of moderation on every subject. The thread about joking about religion that is going on now is where I think it is more clear the demands that are going to be placed on the mods just can't be met. Some of the demands are ridiculously oversensitive and nobody will be happy with the result.
Yup, as I said I'm gonna keep my eye out for neat stuff.
I text them "thx." It's much less formal than saying the whole word.
Yup, but if it was a criminal they would be treated like they killed a human cop.
Early Simpsons was a bit more challenging to the social norms of the time. It's hard to remember but it used to be a very controversial show. A working class, dysfunctional family in some ways left behind by the American Dream as a reaction to more perfect sitcom families of the time. Lisa was intellectually and emotionally suffocated and Bart was a complete failure in school. Homer was basically a dumb brute and Marge was so unhappy she seriously considered cheating on him. I don't think BB really does any of that sort of thing, but I also think maybe it just doesn't need to be done as much compared to when the Simpsons were new. Society has changed for the better in a lot of ways.
You can use just about any marinade you like the taste of. A balsamic vinaigrette is nice or just something store bought. There a thousand varieties of BBQ sauce out there. When I was at the store last week I bought some sort of Sriacha marinade sauce, a sweet Carolina mustard sauce, and some buffalo wing sauce. Gonna use it all for tofu. You could probably toss some crispy tofu in with any pasta dishes you do. Sandwiches or tex-mex type things like Burritos are an option too. It's a pretty versatile ingredient, it may be better to think of any recipes you like and then imagining how you can add in tofu. It has such a neutral taste on it's own you can do it with a lot of things.
Yeah. It works great paired with the MacFarlane shows because, as much as I love them, there isn't a lot of heart there. The contrast really highlights what BB does so right.
[Routine medical emergency.](http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/news-and-advice/kuwaitbound-plane-diverts-to-uk-after-declaring-state-of-emergency-10349688.html) "A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "It was a routine diversion for a medical emergency." It had been due to land in Kuwait City at 9.25pm (BST) tonight. The ill passenger was taken off the plane and is being treated, a spokesperson for Heathrow Airport said. The flight is expected to continue its journey later today."
We can find creative ways to make punters suffer without touching them. Ask Matt Dodge.
Nasty Nate!
Make yourself a whiskey sour before you start!
And fewer turnovers! Kempski seems to blame fast pace, but turnovers are really what put Davis in an impossible spot even if he could fix the burnt toast issues.
Why not just bring back the guy who arranged the other side of that trade?
Andy had almost two decades of coaching experience at the time. Duce has only been a coach since 2011. Duce has more dues to pay before he is ready.
Forgot a period there, sport.
So you wouldn't hire Belichick if he was available?
&gt;Yes I would be against it. You are not smart.
Go watch the Sixers, bro.
At the same time, they got Murray in to convert a short yardage situation. Maybe a little message to Chip too.
What is best in life? To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women!
The right move with the Marcus Smith pick, and I guess this is mostly hindsight but even then people were talking about Mariota, would have been to trade for a future first once it became clear all their high value first round prospects were gone. We needed more ammo to make the Mariota deal happen.
It doesn't make sense for the players and coaches, they are all auditioning for jobs.
and left so many yards on the field with that drop. That one has to sting him.
Yeah, it was just using the tools that were already there but picking the right tools for the job. When they first did the slow down look to the sideline thing earlier in the game it was fantastic. Chip only used that when running out the clock, Shurmur recognized there are other times when it pays off to take your time a little bit. But when it was time to zoom, it zoomed.
Yup, we finally have our chance at revenge, the most fun thing of all.
Y'all should love him forever. It's very frustrating as an Eagles fan that he and Eli will totally overshadow Reid and McNabb in the eyes of history.
You are not smart.
I am ecstatic to see him finally get a sack.
Yeah, I'm not sure he is the right fit for you guys, but nothing at all to lose from hearing him out.
Rhodes and Kelly were not shit hires either. They both had very promising starts and brought a lot of good things to the table. Rhodes left the team with the foundation of defensive talent Jim Johnson built into a masterpiece. Rhodes was an excellent defensive coach, he just didn't quite have what it took to be successful as a head coach. Kelly was a few key fatal mistakes away from having some sustained success here. His NFL future is pretty bright. I don't think Lurie is some great model gold standard owner, but he cares and is decently competent. Things can be much worse than this. The Eagles ownership history before Lurie sure speaks to that.
Either way.
I think it's clear Chip followed that New Orleans team very closely and saw them as a successful model. Sproles and Jenkins were two very rewarding pickups and I feel like Chip was openly modeling the choice to bring in Brees when he brought in Bradford.
http://articles.philly.com/2009-12-23/sports/24988671_1_jeffrey-lurie-brian-dawkins-eagles
Subtraction by addition.
I think people forget how **historically** bad the red zone defense was under McDermott. People act like he was a decent coach here and for no reason he is gone because fans decided to have him tarred and feathered. He is gone because his bosses could not possibly allow him to continue with how bad a job he did. Before I would consider him as matured and grown, I would want to see him as a DC for an offensive coach. For now, it's like Shurmur or Pederson. How do you know they can do it on their own?
You are coming off like a toddler having an extremely pathetic tantrum. It's embarrassing by proxy just to read your comments.
Okay baby, night night. Have a good nap.
Lullaby and goodnight, thy mother's delight
Bright angels beside my darling abide
They will guard thee at rest, thou shalt wake on my breast
With lilies o'er spread is baby's wee bed
Lullaby and goodnight, thy mother's delight
Everybody gets that dude. What people who watched Bradford this year are trying to tell you is that the drops were not his fault. We are talking balls thrown at normal NFL speeds right at the hands and the numbers just inexplicably being dropped. We aren't talking about McNabb worm burners or balls receivers had to leap for or balls where the defender was about to crush them. Basic catches were dropped with perfectly thrown balls even by guys with hands as good as Sproles.
They will guard thee at rest, thou shalt wake on my breast
I think it's just a strike while the iron is hot situation for the coordinators. Wait around too long and instead of "too inexperienced" you are "too old" or maybe your performance starts to slip and you never get that head coaching shot. That said, yeah, I think it's weird teams don't do more to keep quality coordinators. It's a pain to move your family across the country and if someone is offering you millions to stay, why not stay?
This is correct. He ran more of a traditional 3-4 in Philly, but he has experience with the 4-3 under.
There is a big difference between, "I don't like this," and, "This should be banned."
Yeah, the community and the fandom is what makes it fun. Going to see games in the 700 level at the Vet was quite an adventure as a kid. I just wish the sport was safer, the CTE stuff is scary as hell.
Science did not in fact disprove the deflator was deflating in violation of the rules. I am sorry you are sad and upset that repeated cheating scandals have sullied your teams reputation, but maybe you should be angry at the cheaters instead of me? I can't stop them.
"He took the balls into the bathroom after inspection and called himself the deflator for totally innocent reasons, really guise!"
"He took the balls into the bathroom after inspection and called himself the deflator for totally innocent reasons, really guise!"
Yes I always take multiple bags of footballs with me when I go to the bathroom and also call myself a deflator this proves nothing!
&gt;You should work on coming up with better disses, by the way. ROFL. This sub is like elementary school. &gt;This lecture concerns the physical evidence used in the Deflategate case. There are multiple different scientific opinions on the physical evidence. But the physical evidence is not the only evidence. The deflator himself called himself the deflator. He locked himself in a bathroom with the balls. The league very reasonably concluded a combination of the physical evidence and these and other facts established that the cheating had happened.
You have 40 minutes to go, try singing along!
In the absence of the clear evidence of tampering, like a man who called himself the deflator locking himself in a bathroom with multiple bags of balls after inspection, then the best guess, according to some of the people who looked at the data, would be natural deflation. But that isn't what happened here. I'm not the one ignoring evidence, I'm the one looking at the totality of it instead of trying to pick and choose based on what makes a team I like look best, even when the team is arguing absolutely ridiculous excuses like that he was talking about weight loss when he reffered to himself as the deflator.
&gt;Well yeah, look in the mirror. Complains about bad diss when I wasn't even trying to diss him. Next post brings, "I know you are but what am I," to the table. LOL. I think you are going to have to find somebody else to trade your grade school taunts with, this is getting too silly.
No, it was not a diss. It was a response to you accusing me of not understanding something when my entire reply of, "Science has not disproven that," was the same point you were suggesting I did not get. You are clearly so super emotional about this topic that you can't look fairly at the evidence and resort to childish taunting instead. I get it, you are sad that your team got caught, but please don't take it out on me. I'm not the one who told the league about the cheating or proved the case in the Wells report. Take your anger out on them if you have to, or maybe on the cheaters your team employed instead. You guys don't have to go through another cheating scandal if you stand up and tell the team you don't want to win that way anymore.
Nope. Some experts say it does line up, some say it doesn't. We have to look at the other, completely damning, evidence.
Here, try this one next! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVDgVe1yGOg
Seriously? With the level of pure trash aimed at Eagle fans at all times you think that kind of quip is "uncivil"? Lame.
My issue with the Reid pedigree is that the coaches in his tree who have been successful have been from the defense or special teams. For offensive coaches you have guys like Childress and Shurmur who failed when they took the top job.
Let me know when you are ready to pay!
https://twitter.com/howardeskin/status/685288629879607296 Philly.com story reported Jon Gruden had interest in becoming #Eagles HC. Got response from Gruden 2night. "I'm not interested"
I would be fine with him as HC if we keep Bradford and Shurmur. Let them fix the offense, let him fix the defense. Could be a good team again quickly. Would be fine with him as DC under any circumstances.
I think you are right for the most part, and I am considering trying to write a better FPP, but at the same time I think it's fair to point out that "the facts aren't all in" is kind of a dodge. It isn't just that the facts aren't all in, it's that the facts aren't in and the situation is going to make social justice types struggle very much to find a way to discuss the issue because they don't want to offend refugees/immigrants and they also can't give a pass to a response that is including things like writing a "code of conduct" for how women can avoid this sort of attack instead of addressing the perpetrators alone. If this accusation had been lobbed at a frat on an American college campus, there wouldn't be as much call to wait for the facts because that issue is more black and white in the social justice point of view. Frat guys are bad guys. Teach them not to rape and punish them harshly when they do. Online social justice has a tougher time telling that to disadvantaged minorities even when the men in those groups need the same exact messages for the same exact reasons. At the same time, accusations against frats have proven false at times in the past, so it's a good argument for waiting and being careful.
Not much of it though I understand the answer is "bad." I think his body of work is enough that I'm still willing to give him a shot though considering the talent and potential we have with this D.
Seriously. They credit him with bringing in the WCO but I think if he had brought in the Wishbone instead OBJ would still look like one of the best of all time.
I think this one is staying up? http://www.metafilter.com/156156/Cologne-Police-Chief-Forced-to-Resign
&gt;Winning 10 games in a season isn't easy. Which is why it is a catastrophically dumb idea to try and rebuild a team that can do it.
I'd rather not move to LA.
There isn't really any choice now.
Reid fucked the Eagles his last few years but...moved on to prove he is still a good coach.
&gt; In reality, no one knows for sure who made what personnel decision, that is assuming it was done unilaterally by a FO person or coach. Lurie, Banner, Reid (later Chip), and Roseman all had say in personnel matters, they all contribute(d) to the decisions to some degree. This is why I don't really blame anybody who hates on Roseman. Lurie encourages confusion with his "collaborative approach" and so nobody really knows where the blame should go. This is one reason I was so happy Chip got the GM nod, at least we would know who was in control, though it sure kind of backfired on him. At this point, I feel like the blame for front office mistakes should be going to Lurie. He is the only one we know has ultimate control. If he doesn't like it, he can clear up the confusion and let us know what the chain of command really is.
Cooper yeah, Huff would be fine to keep as a special teamer and 4th WR for now but he can't be getting too many snaps.
Three NFL Championships.
I don't know if he is the coach he used to be, but if he is then he is one of the best possible candidates for the job.
Don't Coughlin's players generally like him? The reported issues with Chip weren't exactly being strict, it was being unapproachable and treating players like game pieces instead of men. I don't think Coughlin has that problem.
Yeah people here hate Charlie Manuel and Chase Utley now.
If you go to the top right of the page there is a menu and one of the options is "edit flair". Click on that.
It would really signal a lack of confidence in their own decision to be scared of him, but it would still probably be a smart move not to take the risk. It would just look too bad though from a PR standpoint.
Yes, much like the Dallas achievements, they occurred a long time ago.
Dunno, good point, just what I've heard.
I just had to upvote a bunch of comments that were at zero for offering support for Mac. Whoever is downvoting those comments, you are a scumbag.
I root against all NFC East teams. I root against Andy Reid (Not cause I hate him, just cause it will be very painful if he gets a ring before us. I love Maclin, and hate that he is injured, but that isn't enough for me to root for KC.) I root against teams that have given the Eagles severe playoff losses in the past. I root against teams that have not won the Bowl before because I don't want us to be the last. I root for teams that don't run afoul of those conditions and have great storylines and players or coaches that inspire me to want them to win against all odds. The Tebow Broncos are probably the last team I seriously had a fan boner for besides the Eagles. I know he sucks, but it was super fun.
Lurie.
Yes to all of this. How does a coach not get ejected for physically grabbing and pushing a player? Would anybody but the Steelers get away with this? Absurd. This league is a joke. Burfict should know better in the abstract, but the reality of the day was the refs were letting anything go.
Meanwhile the entire league is lining up to bring in Chip as soon as possible. We clearly fucked up.
Washington is a bad team and their name is a racial slur.
Washington is a bad team and their team name is a disgusting racial slur as well.
No they aren't. This was their usual one year of false hope before going back to the basement.
Okay, fair points.
Seriously. White people didn't release the "Proud to Be" ad. It was the National Congress of American Indians. It's infuriating that they not only use the racial slur name, but then totally erase the Native American voices speaking out against it.
Fantastic episode. Julianna Margulies was incredible from start to finish. The rage at the start was believable and scary, as was the simmering resentment hidden behind the sunglasses, and then eventually she ends up coming back to Peter's side when he needed her despite her own pain, cause I guess that is always Alicia's fate. She deserves awards for this one. She nailed every single scene.
You're a cool dude. I would take a TO bobblehead.
If Reid retires after this year, would Pederson be your top choice to replace him?
&gt;Chip was right that the team could only go so far. How can you possibly know that? They had good players. Then they replaced them with bad players. It got them further from being good, not closer. The odds are almost always against you when you dump known good players for question marks. I can't believe this fanbase is so ready to sign up for dream team after dream team debacle. Success in the NFL comes from drafting well and then locking down your homegrown talent when you hit on it. Slow and steady. Not desperate, wild signings like Maxwell and Murray and dumping the drafted players that you actually had success with.
I did in fact like all of that. Much respect for the well travelling Pack fans, fuck the Washington Racial Slurs, and the Pack are at the top of my list to root for the rest of the way.
Does it matter? They were gonna end up curbstomped by the better team anyway. You like that?
Weird, I didn't find it frustrating at all. I liked that weekend. You didn't like that?
Yeah, the division has been weak for a while now, but fans from the rest of the country just love watching the NFC East so much it's going to keep being the primetime feature because they give the games such high ratings. Frankly, I don't know why they are so into it. There are some good games and good drama, yeah, but why don't they want to watch their own teams more? I think most NFC East fans would rather have more 1 PM games. The obsession fans from outside the division have with us gets to be kind of a burden.
System and also O-line is very important. Great post, really put this stat in perspective.
lol
No coach has ever won a bowl with the Eagles so I guess we are doomed no matter who we hire.
Might be more realistic to look at what the stats would be with league average drop rates rather than none.
It's really odd that even the Titans aren't showing interest. Even if they have doubts, the potential upside makes the gamble obviously worth it for them in my view. I assume the questions about how he treated players aren't just coming from the media. People in the league are talking.
&gt;philadelphia athletics... I have bad news, they moved to Oakland.
That would be five years with a Chip/Shurmur system. It's enough time to see if it's gonna work or you need to go in a different direction.
Right, well the hope is he isn't a bandaid. The idea about dropping him is just if you have to, it's not Plan A.
It helps that the Raiders are a storied franchise with great colors and a great logo as well. Pretty easy sell for a good marketer unless the team is really, really bad.
Nah, that name belongs to the Davis family, not Oakland.
Would trade the Eagles 00s for the Giants 00s in a heartbeat.
It's amazing what he can do with a QB compared to what those same QBs end up doing when they go somewhere else.
Might consider that a credit to Shurmur.
Not really. The position coaches who do make the jump have years and years more experience coaching than he does. He got the interview because he requested it and Eagles management respects the hell out of him. They specifically requested Kelly keep him on after Reid was fired. Plus, Rooney rule, though I think that is being a bit overstated in this case.
That sounds like a fun class. Vikings fans have it worst, I think.
I was more worried about his hands than his ankles.
It definitely is, still gives interesting results. Left and Anti-Authoritarian is a good description of where I am. Here is another interesting quiz, tells you who your views align with in the 2016 election. Though, it has similar issues with properly weighting certain issues. It needs a "total dealbreaker/maker" option rather than "strongly disagree/agree". https://www.isidewith.com/
I know, right? Objectively I understand it's a bad venue for 2016 but if you asked me back in the day if I would rather have the Eagles stay in town but be stuck at the Vet or have them move you bet I wouldn't mind going to the Vet to see them play. I would profess my undying love for that shitheap. It's frustrating to me how much fans buy into the "This stadium is crappy!" PR stuff. The biggest improvement for new stadiums goes to the luxury box and club level fans and the owners. If you sit in a normal seat, you get very little from the upgrade besides some improved sightlines and shorter bathroom lines. (which you pay dearly for in increased ticket, parking, and concession prices. Also a PSL if you are a season ticket holder in the lower bowl and even some upper bowl spots.) Why do people help with the bad stadium hype when the team moving is on the table? Of course, O. Co is way worse than the St. Louis situation but still. Why citizens allowed that Atlanta monstrosity go forward is a mystery to me too. Both of those buildings can reasonably be renovated like the Superdome was, O.Co can't. O.Co is simply done. Atlanta and St. Louis are just, "This building isn't as ideal as it could be give me free money and I will probably ask again in another 20 years!" Anyway, I thought Raiders to LA was a done deal so I'm happy you guys at least still have a chance now.
Smaller market that has proven it will build a stadium for a team. But still, I think Davis has no intention of going there.
Can confirm, Cowboys suck.
Ahh, the season when no name reporters try to make a name for themselves by making shit up, throwing that shit at the wall, and hoping it sticks. I don't mind crazy mega coverage of the Eagles coaching search because I am an insane person who eats up all Eagles news and puts an unhealthy amount of time into my fandom, but try and learn what is reliable and what isn't in that coverage and you will have a much better time.
Relevant with the added note that the coaches in his tree with a successful tenure are defensive. One skeptical of Reid might call Harbaugh and Rivera the JJ coaching tree.
I hope McDaniels gets another job and Kelly takes his spot. That would be the most entertaining non-Eagles development I can imagine, even though I think the Patriots are an evil-empire of cheating that deserves ten years of losing seasons as soon as possible.
Shurmur has a longer resume. Of course, it includes a disastrous time in Cleveland, but besides that there is a lot more experience there. Experience is a very important trait in any search for a new employee. It's not the only one, but it does matter.
I'm just bitter about losing my town's good baseball team. 1954 never forget!
I'm not a Raiders fan so my opinion on this has less than zero value, admitted, but anyway...I don't think San Antonio is a terrible spot. It's Texas, and Texas loves football and football tradition. The Raiders have noble NFL tradition out the ass. They could make a permanent home there, and in time...it would eventually make sense. LA and Oakland obviously make significantly more sense, but it's more the St. Louis or San Diego move suggestions that are the true laughers to me.
Nothing in my comment rewrote history even remotely by any definition. He was a top prospect, now he is no longer a top prospect.
Saying this here so I don't shit up the thread over there with what would be a derail: The police coverups are an example of why some reasonable people say political correctness is going too far. Obviously some complaints about it are about just wanting to be offensive without consequence, but not all complaints are that. Some individuals in PC/SJW culture are unwilling to listen when the truth does not line up with their narratives and they will shoot the messenger if they don't like what they hear. If your political movement can't deal with reality and facts, it will never be the best vehicle for reform. Fixing problems requires acknowledging the reality of them. It's no longer the case that reality has a liberal bias, because liberals often reject reality when it suits them. That is counterproductive.
Damn, I came out authoritarian. Kinda true on some issues I guess. Socialist Authoritarian Total-Isolationist Liberal
Fuck it all. I want Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeeeee!
&gt;To think we'd have a coach already is pretty silly. But...other teams hired the coaches we were interested in.
Do Not Want
Tebow!
I'd second all of what he said. (besides the second team thing, there can only be one for me. :P )
http://igglesblitz.com/2016/01/doug-pederson-day/
Your team name is a racial slur.
The other team needs to ask permission. In this case it was granted because Reid loves Pederson like family and wanted to see him promoted.
http://igglesblitz.com/2016/01/doug-pederson-day/
lol, you guys had your one year of false hope already. Back to the basement.
It probably won't be as major an issue for you because with Kaep Chip can go back to making the zone read plays the bread and butter. That obviously wasn't an option with Bradford.
Howie, Pederson, Bradford.
lol
Reid offense with Kelly tempo would be interesting.
Nope, made to appeal to adults as well because parents often watch with kids. Go ahead and try it, your penis won't fall off, I promise.
Msalt knows his shit, have fun guys.
Yup. Everything will be about how dumb the fans are even though media experts totally agree with skepticism, no other team expressed any interest and...a lot of fans are also totally okay with the hiring like myself.
haha, you serious? It was one of the most entertaining NFL storylines of all time. You missed out. Your point about no Eagles greats ever making it to retirement is entirely on point though. Dawkins never should have been allowed to let walk, McCoy too. A hindsight case might be made that Reid should have stuck with McNabb till the bitter end too, though that is much more shakey. If I was Lurie I would be really sick of it. I just simply don't buy jerseys anymore because no great players stick around and when I pay that much I want it to mean something long term. Not watch that player on another team.
I sense a spinoff. Find the funniest two jackasses in Russia and give them carte blanche with the intellectual property.
Yeah, confirmed. They never interviewed Matt Patricia.
How the rich become richer. They should ban all interviews until after the Bowl.
San Diego Baby Hippo For President.
lol niners fans, as soon as chip is gone you'll get the trash talk on your city too. ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/417xio/now_that_chip_is_gone_id_like_to_send_a_message/ ) Go ahead and embrace Chip because he is awesome and ignore trash "fans" like this.
It's already deleted so if a one comment troll thread was what you were going for, congrats, troll. See Niners fans, this is obviously a great person to welcome to your community. A sad loss for us over at r/eagles.
It's hard to say, it depends entirely on how Pederson evaluates Bradford and how he evaluates the draft picks that might be in our range. It's not certain that lines up with the conventional wisdom. The best Reid successes have been with McNabb and Smith. Bradford shares their talent for protecting against turnovers, but doesn't share their ability to make plays with their legs. Pederson could conceivably want a more mobile QB. (Ironic coming off of an era where everybody thought Kelly wanted mobility, but I still think it could be the case.) Franchise tag is really so expensive. I think if Pederson wants him, he will make a long term contract case and not be as crazy about the franchise tag. As I said though, it all depends on what Pederson thinks and we have no real insight on that yet.
If Andy hadn't had issues with this his entire career people would be more forgiving.
Avant is impossible to dislike http://i.imgur.com/tXNHdQB.gif
is my sarcasm missed here or what?
I downvoted because it wasn't a catch.
That's a pretty good point.
He was on the field for four quarters.
Pray all you want, still not a catch.
lol
I don't know if continuity with our offensive players is much of a selling point right now.
He and Andy were an excellent team together with the Eagles. No reason to laugh at this hire.
Hopefully they will also improve his compensation and remuneration.
Reno Mahe for special teams coach. Julian Vandervelde for O line coach.
had fun scrolling down the pictures to eventually get to the [bottom right](http://prod.static.eagles.clubs.nfl.com/assets/images/pedersonphotogallery/dougpederson33.jpg) though. Thanks OP.
What if they hire Buddy as a consultant too? Has to be at least a +1. And then +1 more for completing the trifecta.
You're downvoted but I'm not sure you are entirely incorrect. Gamble was brought in to be the guy with him, Gamble got forced out, Kelly went right back to work with Gamble. This may have been a more mutually agreed upon parting than it seems.
I've pretty much completely abandoned 94.1 because of this jackass. Sports radio is really dumb, but it's supposed to be really dumb and fun. Not dumb and offensive and trolly. Describing Kelce that way is a step across the line even for him though.
It would be just amusing enough that I wouldn't mind the terrible waste of resources our team committed. The guy who made the move is gone already anyway.
See you in the bowl. :)
Dumb, she obviously did not mean to imply that. Her meaning was that she has one and can talk from that perspective too.
She was contrasting her positions and adding on that she in fact had a grandchild of her own, not that he didn't. Believing she was saying adopted children aren't really your children is akin to believing Obama really thought there are 57 states. Grow up and don't give in to the silly-season games, people. She phrased something awkwardly and you are taking the worst possible reading to score points. She has said stuff that is actually worth being upset about, like her implications at the debate that Sanders wouldn't veto an Obamacare repeal. That was bullshit idiotic fearmongering and she knew it.
Why did Obama say he visited 57 states?
The entire staff of players and coaches and even owners has turned over multiple times during my lifetime. I'm a fan of the team and sometimes end up a lifetime fan of some of the individuals on it, but the organization itself with a history going back to 1933 is what I root for. I'll follow the Niners like I do the Chiefs. Though I root against Reid but will mostly support Kelly.
Well, most of us around here just spend the time and energy so you are ahead of the game. :P
I wonder if a Belichick endorsement played a role in this decision, Chip has a lot of respect for him. I'm glad Chip is thinking a bit outside the box, his DC in Philly Billy Davis was kind of a retread who I think who was just brought in because Chip needed experienced NFL coaches to make the transition to the pros. Going for someone with less experience now suggests he is ready to start doing things his way more. It's a good sign the conservatism that crept into his thinking during his last year in Philly is not going to be a long term trend.
I would rather the best players didn't risk injury for no reason so we don't risk not seeing them during the regular season.
The incident when he was with the woman was an investigation for heroin trafficking.
[Fish out of water!](http://i.imgur.com/aqqx9wm.jpg)
Having not played or followed this game, I have no idea who is right in that argument.
It's a product of two things: 1: They don't actually play. It's halfass show football. 2: Luck, because people get an ACL tear just walking down the street, much less running a route. There is just no path to the players actually playing hard or the game being meaningful or most viewers caring. Every pro bowl game means nothing no matter how you slice it, so why ask players to roll the dice?
If only we cheered harder, the sixers would have won the championship this year.
I'm surprised there hasn't been more talk about the tiebreaker comment. Lurie should be having no role whatsoever in those discussions, he is not qualified to make an evaluation.
&gt; a business that has constantly changing management structures. Not the good teams.
Patriot fans booed Tom Brady this year. Fanbases boo. I think the problem is more a lack of energy, I see people at games just kind of zoned out. I'd rather they boo than sit on their hands sometimes. I don't know how to fix this though, the people who buy the tickets are the people who buy the tickets. We get the people with the most money, not the people who most want to be there. If we really wanted to change the energy level in the stands, it requires organized effort. If this was soccer we could have a supporter section where the extra diehards could all sit together and lead by example, but in an NFL stadium all the biggest diehards are all over the place. I think the team could do some things to lead on this. Bring in those noise monitoring things and measure the fans on third down. Challenge them to get louder and louder. Develop some more Eagles chants and encourage people to sing them via the video boards. Play more hype music and less ads. Designate people official cheerleaders for a section and encourage them to lead cheers, give them some random swag like rally towels or tshirts to give out to encourage people to get hyped. Some of this can be organized by fans themselves, but it's a lot more work than lame emo fanbase self-hatred rants.
It's **always** been this way. Pro sports is a business, teams move for more money.
Highlights, rather than live used to be a big draw. Then the internet happened, not 100% their fault they had to switch to more of an airtime filling format.
It's tough to compare because NBC only does the one game a week, almost always a good matchup. Our opinion of CBS and Fox is tainted by constantly seeing their C and D teams doing shit matchups.
To be clear, you can have handheld signs. What are banned are signs affixed to the stadium in some way. They gave some corporate speak reason for this at the time (this was the era of ridiculous Lurie/Banner shit like [the dreaded hoagiebomb](http://mobile.philly.com/beta?wss=/philly/columnists/phil_sheridan&amp;id=49690962)) but the bottom line was they wanted to shut down [Signman](http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2012/11/12/eagles-fan-sign-man-told-to-take-down-andy-quit-sign-due-to-size/), who used to have a different, sometimes critical, sign up at the same spot at the Vet every game. (The article I linked is post ban, from when they took the sign down because they accused him of blocking fan views. After they banned him long before from just hanging it where it wouldn't block anybody.) He was well known enough that the sign was very often show on the TV broadcasts. If you attended a game at the Vet, you always looked to see what his sign said. It was a part of gameday.
Some people may have lost respect for Juan. I have not. If he had succeeded even a little bit he would have very quickly been a top head coach candidate around the league which is a tough jump to make from o-line coach. It was a smart gamble for him, and Andy did him a solid by allowing him to make it. If there is anything to blame Andy for, it's firing him as a scapegoat. His defense was statistically not as awful as the coordinators that followed or came before, and Andy was the one who was losing his edge at the time and the one who left Juan in an unworkable situation with that asshat Washburn. Juan is a man who believes strongly in himself and will grind out whatever effort it takes to earn his shot. He's an excellent football coach.
I think after next year he is going to be a star.
She pulled that shit on healthcare too. She acted like Bernie wanting to replace Obamacare with universal care meant he wouldn't veto a Republican bill to repeal Obamacare so people should vote for her to protect Obama's achievement. Fucking absurd, and she KNOWS it. How can people vote for such an obviously disingenuous person?
It's not just Republicans upset though. Republicans don't want to prosecute torture, that doesn't mean you let a democrat torture.
I'm not sure what you mean there.
If it had been sent to a government server instead of a private one, is it still the same case?
It wasn't a bad episode of American Dad, though it could have blown me away a little more after such a long break. Loved the layers of Roger involvement in the asphalt industry up to being the mother of two twin boys, one of whom is Roger. (Roger/Jeannie Gold: Stan, these are my sons, Alex and Ron. They're in Columbia Film School. Stan: How is that possible? Roger/Jeannie Gold: I know. I look too young to have kids in college. Stan: No, that you have children when your persona is completely fabricated... Roger/Jeannie Gold: We are the music makers. We are the dreamers of dreams. Stan: That is an unsatisfying answer.) They really, really need to kill the cold opens though. There is no way to make it not feel awkwardly Family Guy to try and do a quick punchline like that.
Thank God, I'm just his secretary.
&gt; Probably a young true 4-3 MLB thumper Is Hicks not that?
Or a second team to the Bay Area if the Raiders do leave.
Big time public fixing scandals have had a long term impact in the sports culture in the US I think. Stuff like: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Sox_Scandal
Kelly's system doesn't seem to be one that is too difficult to pick up. Vick, Foles, Sanchez, and Bradford all had some level of success in their first years in the system. I don't see any reason for the Niners not to have a QB competition this year.
&gt;Kaepernick has worse QB fundamentals than pretty much every starter in the league. Chip gave Tebow a gander. He's gonna take a hard, serious look at Kaep.
Heroes never die so we decided a kill feed is a waste.
Dear Reinhardt: When we are pushing and I am hiding behind the rectangle don't drop your shield, melee someone, and then charge a mile away behind us.
That dragon would have destroyed the entire planet.
This author is googling Falafel every day just in case this happens.
give him his money plz thx.
There are seats on the terrace. It's not a standing room area. Here are some pictures from [Northeast Terrace 1.](http://imgur.com/a/7pkqp)
&gt; He could have killed and injured exactly the same number of people with a Swiss Army Knife - right?
I felt that the discussion on this topic was open to many views and the moderation was fair.
Wish he was still on the team, but I wish him luck in film making too.
Pearl harbor really wasn't a big deal either. Americans killed a lot more Americans than that.
The establishment let the Tea Party get too crazy and then they ran the establishment over. The 2010 victories weren't worth what they cost. You could have reined in the demonization of Obama, but getting the crazies to the polls was more important. Well, now they run the asylum. Republicans have nothing to show for it. Nothing. What did you gain from this? Nothing. Obama was willing to deal too, he was so willing. Y'all let your hate blind you, now it's all you have left. Well that and the local and state level dominance, but you think all that isn't heading in the same direction?
All of them.
A teacher told me. I believed it for years until Reddit.
Well, at least they never nominated Donald Trump.
I guess if you really love playing this game offseason must be as bad as it is for fans.
Seems like something to just ask the mods about.
Didn't hurt him the previous years.
So you blame individual accountants at these firms for the ratings and not the organization itself? That's bizarre as hell.
I have a free spare too, pm me.
I have a free spare too, pm me.
Don't be intentionally dense, r/politics. He obviously is talking about the rigged primary.
Stacking the deck against primary opponents the DNC opposed.
What a dumbass regressive law. Vote these idiots out.
Sad to see so many people led astray by WaPo fake news.
I ask this every time someone brings that up and nobody seems to have an answer. So what if they hacked voter registration info? That info is public to begin with.
Maybe give fascism another try? Nothing in the rule book says you HAVE to be genocidal to be a fascist.
&gt;Difference is no one wants fascism. This is...not correct.
The downside is Trump's voters will turn against the Republican establishment far more fiercely than even the tea party did.
As an independent voter...no. The problem with Clinton is that I have been following her since 1996 and she has always been on the other side of every political issue I have passionately worked on. Gay rights, ending the drug war, ending interventionist American foreign policy, ending the two party stranglehold on power... You nominated someone independents hate, you weren't winning them by demanding the left shut up about her massive flaws and primary cheating. We all knew that was happening, we didn't need the left to tell us. You kneecapped the independent candidate in this election, Sanders, so you could run your party hack. That's when you lost independents. You don't get to demand we vote for you in the general after you fucked around with the primary. It's telling us we should never have any voice in politics at all. Fuck that.
&gt;I love the fragility of the American voter. I know, right? Only in America do people not vote for you when you insult them. Everywhere else in the world it's a super effective tactic.
lol police literally kill them in the streets and you are whining that rich white ladies have it worse because the white lady who ran a terrible campaign couldn't win the Presidency. She won the popular vote and now you are suggesting women candidates are doomed? lol.
&gt; There was nothing significant revealed in the dnc leaks. The idea that that is the issue rather than the successful manipulation of our elections by the strategic release of this kind of info is absurd. There was nothing significant in these emails but these emails definitely are the reason it was impossible for Clinton to win! You guys understand nobody is buying this outside of your bubbles, right?
&gt;Everybody could see Hillary Clinton was cooked in Iowa. So when, a week-and-a-half out, the Service Employees International Union started hearing anxiety out of Michigan, union officials decided to reroute their volunteers, giving a desperate team on the ground around Detroit some hope. &gt;They started prepping meals and organizing hotel rooms. &gt;SEIU — which had wanted to go to Michigan from the beginning, but been ordered not to — dialed Clinton’s top campaign aides to tell them about the new plan. According to several people familiar with the call, Brooklyn was furious. &gt;Turn that bus around, the Clinton team ordered SEIU. Those volunteers needed to stay in Iowa to fool Donald Trump into competing there, not drive to Michigan, where the Democrat’s models projected a 5-point win through the morning of Election Day. &gt;Michigan organizers were shocked. It was the latest case of Brooklyn ignoring on-the-ground intel and pleas for help in a race that they felt slipping away at the end. http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/michigan-hillary-clinton-trump-232547
Yes, those are all economic issues.
&gt;Clinton polled stronger than Trump in the real race Barely during the run up to the general, and Trump was among the weakest of Republicans in those polls. The bottom line is there is no certain indicator a more progressive Democratic party can't win, there is every evidence that a bloodless centrist Democratic party can lose catastrophically to the 2nd worst candidate in American history. &gt;I think that people enjoy the fantasy of someone who's fresh, different and stands for something. But in real life, In real life, the anti-establishment candidate won the Presidency. What's the worst that can happen if Democrats stand up for progressive values? They lose? Well they are being steamrolled at the state level and already lost the Senate, House, Presidency, and Supreme Court running the establishment playbook so the threat of potential losing is not that potent anymore. How many times are you going to blow elections before you finally let someone else try?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFn9It-3oVY
They can't block a head coaching interview, but they can indeed block someone trying to advance in the ranks below head coach. The question is if that's a good idea, it may make assistants less likely to come to your team if they feel it will delay their career advancement. Considering some of the really excellent assistant coaches the Eagles have taken advantage of over the years, I don't really want to go down that road. But, there's something to be said for continuity in the coaching staff as well. It sucks for the players to have to get used to new bosses instead of advancing their game with coaches they have already developed a rewarding enough to get the coach a better job rapport with. Think of Temple football. Every time they get good the coach moves on to a better school. Then they roll the dice on some new coach. They never keep anybody around long enough to truly take the program to the next level.
They have accurately determined that America is an oligarchy where voting hardly matters and obsessing over politics is an idiotic and pointless waste of a short life that could be spent on more soul fulfilling pursuits. Oh wait, I post on r/politics instead of doing the soul fulfilling stuff, I just made myself sad. http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746 &gt;Multivariate analysis indicates that economic elites and organised groups representing business interests have substantial independent impacts on US government policy, while average citizens and mass-based interest groups have little or no independent influence.
That's what drove me nuts about Hillary. Her public position was more study needed. Her private position was she was against legalization in all senses of the word. How do you have two different positions on an issue and **both of them suck?**
See but the difference they want isn't Hillary "More of the same, not at all different" Clinton.
I think Wentz really developed his pocket awareness as the year went on. At first he was getting caught flat footed in the pocket and taking bad sacks or doing risky scrambles. Towards the end of the year he was not taking bad sacks and some of his scrambles were like classic Vick or McNabb. The game slowed down for him big time as he got more reps. So glad he got the chance to start this year and stayed healthy, though it would have been very interesting to see the alternate reality Bradford led version of this team.
People loved Dorenbos on AGT. I have to imagine that might be something Lurie is thinking about right now, it's possible to use reality TV to send a positive message about the team.
lol, good luck selling that narrative. The city would attend a parade for Wentz right now if they had one even though they didn't even make the playoffs.
GIVE THIS POST SOME UPVOTES, RIGHT NOW!
That's why I've always wanted him to get into coaching and come work here again. This organization owes him a ring.
Seriously, stop falling for fake news and propaganda people. The CIA would NEVER lie to you. http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/12/09/world/cia-torture-report-key-points.html
I have no idea what you are attempting to argue with this. Is it that I should trust the CIA? Then no, I'm not going to trust the organization that tortured people, lied about it, and then escaped with no prosecution besides prosecuting the guy who revealed it happened. How can someone with even the slightest intelligence trust someone who can break the law and lie about it with no repercussions?
Yes, I support prosecuting people who have committed crimes that have victimized other people. e: edited to make me look better in retrospect even though I was a jerkass.
I don't think America knows what cdu/csu/sdp is. I certainly don't. But Americans are smart enough to know, "Put in power the people who have been dominating American politics from the Democratic side via family dynasty since 1992" is not change.
&gt;Look, the 2009 Democratic trifecta put in place the most anti-inequality spending since LBJ. And did it fix the income inequality problem? Did it even make a dent? It didn't. Income inequality continues to accelerate and become worse. That's the problem here, the angry Americans don't want the best since, they want the problem solved. That was my original point in reply to this comic, you may make a difference, but it's not the difference these people want.
&gt;No but it certainly helped Citation needed.
I've never been this infatuated with any Eagles player before. He is going to have so much success, I can't fucking wait for next year.
The general truism of close losses not meaning you are great is probably on point. When applied specifically to this team that played the toughest schedule in the league though? You can't credibly look at this team and say they wouldn't have had a vastly increased chance of making the playoffs if one of three things happened: 1. Lane Johnson wasn't a moron. 2. We had a more legitimate starting WR. 3. We had a more legitimate starting corner. This team WAS close. Prevent an easy throw for 6 or make a play for 6 and this team could have swung games easily. We didn't have the right players in place to execute, but we are very, very close if we can hold on to the rest of our core.
It's only racism if you have power over the group you hate according to the left. And these attackers had no power over their white victim. Aside from the power to kidnap and torture him because of his skin color I mean.
Yes. Anti-government rhetoric on the right provokes right wing terrorism. You should in part blame the people who stoke that fear and anger. Both the left and the right need to stop encouraging hate. We're one god damn country and we need to learn to work together again.
&gt;"We believe the suspects were actually just angry about an episode of Celebrity Apprentice" lol. I don't have anything to add I just think that was so funny that just an upvote wasn't enough.
&gt;Manufactures all his products in other countries. Where was the device you are typing on manufactured?
The fuck? You're comparing this victim to a terrorist?
Lol yes according to the left. People have a right to be pissed off at political movements. Deal with it and find less divisive approaches to politics.
I know idpol has nothing to do with that, which is why it's so infuriating the left have chosen to make idpol their focus. &gt;Clinton: “If we broke up the big banks tomorrow….would that end racism? Would that end sexism?” “No!” crowd yells out http://inthesetimes.com/article/18962/break-up-banks-end-racism-and-sexism
The strategy Democrats need is universal appeal. Identity politics is divisive. There are more white voters than black voters so how do you think that divisiveness is going to shake out? Well, with Donald Trump elected President. It makes no sense at all to argue that it is a moral imperative to focus on people suffering from racial oppression but "sad" to focus on people suffering from economic oppression. It's time for the left to start living intersectionality, not just use it as a buzzword. You need to craft a message that appeals to everyone. That's what Obama did. It's not the same thing as being a racist.
&gt;So hypocritically and idioitically writing off the Southern primaries as he did wasn't completely oblivious? She lost the south big time in the general so no. He was right all along.
I'm a middle class Irish American guy and I was pulled over for drunk driving once and arrested once. Maybe I was just too tan that night.
No, it's an irrelevant hypothetical.
Wow, just wow with this. I assume StubHub will make it right now that we are all watching and the evidence is so undeniable. But even so, they have to do some serious internal investigation to figure out how they ended up forcing a customer to go to these extremes to get this problem fixed and how they ended up selling fraudulent tickets in the first place. This is a fundamental failure for their business model in multilayered ways. I would advise everyone here to boycott StubHub until they publish a serious mea culpa on what went wrong here and how they are going to fix it.
When your party line is that racism against white people can't exist, or at least can't exist in any harmful way...you can't let an incident like this be talked about. Said it before, wish people would listen: A problem doesn't have to be an example of systemic oppression to be bad. But if you admit that, then maybe the comments allowed there about how white people should be physically assaulted would have to go. Can't have that. Those comments have to stay for some reason.
I got some autoplay audio though...
lol, you are downvoted but I saw all of that besides the good looks before I got here.
No no no, Redditors have been assuring me CIA had nothing to do with the Iraq War push and is totally 100% honest with America at all times.
Okay? So maybe a partisan politician told them to lie about the evidence that Russia is behind the hack. It's just a lie, nothing as evil as torturing human beings. How can you trust someone that will violate human rights on demand, just following orders? Do you know what kind of CIA I would trust implicitly if they presented this kind of evidence about election hacking? The kind that came out against Bush when he requested they violate human rights, instead of the kind that think human rights don't matter if Bush and Dick Cheney say so.
&gt; Uh, he campaigned on ridiculous claims of TENS OF MILLIONS of jobs created yearly link? Hillary campaigned on ridiculous things too though, this is what politicians do. It's silly and partisan to single out Trump there. But hey, by insulting me as a rube you have clearly earned a vote. All of the smartest political operators know that insulting voters is how you win votes. You are smart and brilliant. Clearly not an angry ranting child having a sore loser temper tantrum. How did Hillary lose? How!? It was clearly Russia, not that Clinton campaigners aggressively insult the voters they needed to win. e: oh the Clinton team downvote brigade is here now too. That is certainly persuading me to vote for you!
There is a sociological understanding and there is a misunderstanding that cites that definition of racism to justify being abusive to people. That is precisely my point when I say a problem doesn't have to be systemic oppression to be bad. It's shocking to me some people really can't seem to conceive of that.
You know independent voters didn't just pop into existence this year, right?
Hah, need to send that idea to the writers.
Nah. Clinton was uniquely disliked, fairly or unfairly. Obama didn't have these issues. Nominating Hillary was a terrible mistake. 2020 could be hard if Trump somehow manages to not be a disaster though just because beating an incumbent is hard.
People predicted Trump would never run. Could never win a primary. Could never win a general. I'm in believe it when I see it mode as far as people predicting he's doomed ASAP now.
I have not seen reporting that the RNC was definitely hacked. I have seen reporting that Russia did target Republicans but not that there was a successfull RNC hack. Remember, they got the DNC via a phishing attack. All the RNC would need to defend from that is a better spam filter than the DNC.
Voter rolls are public information and any hacking of the machines themselves would likely require physical access.
Republicans were targeted but I don't believe there has been any confirmation the RNC was hacked.
As far as I know, there is no proof establishing that the RNC was succesfully hacked.
Link for evidence of manipulation? e: Really folks, downvoting a question?
She really did give secret talks to the banks, dude. She really did vote for the Iraq war. She really does have a history of telling lies. These sort of things matter to the type of voters who are winnable for Democrats. She was among the worst major party nominees in history.
All that would have happened if they revealed how much the establishment hated Trump (not that this was a secret, just like it wasn't with the DNC and Bernie) is that he would have looked stronger since he beat the establishment and took the nomination. It wouldn't have mattered that the DNC was working against Bernie in the primary if Bernie had won. As for other dirt? Who can say? 99.9% of what was in the DNC emails was just the boring day to day of politics. Work email isn't a good place to plan dirt. Even if your emails don't get hacked, you are leaving a record of what you are doing.
Yes, correct. Your strategy of insulting them failed the only objective measure of success for an election: It didn't win the election. You go to war with the electorate you have, not the electorate you want. I think Clinton voters were wrong not to nominate Sanders, but in the end he failed when it came to things like appealing to minority voters. A strategy of insulting minority voters is not the solution to this problem. The correct strategy is he should have found a positive way to appeal to those people and better explain why he believed it would be in their best interests to nominate him instead. The same is true for Clinton and her general loss. It doesn't matter if voters were wrong to stay home or vote Trump or third party, it's still her responsibility to persuade them otherwise if she wanted to win. That is the job of a political campaign. Persuasion. Her campaign failed.
No. I'm saying the solution to asinine views isn't to double down and be asinine yourself.
Should not have let him run if he wasn't going to receive even treatment.
I dunno, I felt some heat. There were a lot more Dallas fans than usual because the game didn't matter and people sold tickets. I heard quite a few Dallas sucks chants going on and other stuff to shout down Dallas fan attempts to get loud. Really though, it was just a really unexpectedly nice weather day (why Wentz didn't want his butt heated) and the team played well so people were mostly just going with the flow.
Zimmerman wasn't a cop. (thank god)
Uhh, what have they done to attack firefighters?
[He lost his shit in the tunnel after the loss to the Eagles too.](http://nesn.com/2016/12/odell-beckham-was-growling-to-himself-during-meltdown-after-giants-loss-to-eagles/) I don't know if I should be admiring his passion or worrying he might need anger management treatment. But it's good he has learned not to lose his temper on the field. He's a fucking amazing player. As much as I hate the Giants, I am still kind of sad he had to go through this. Giants fans, I hope you appreciate how much this guy wants to win for you.
Republicans are good at propaganda.
Idiots Hillary could not outsmart, apparently.
Yeah but if you're actually smarter than stupid it's usually possible to trick them. Because they are stupid and you are smart. If they beat you instead, it's usually a sign that you aren't as smart as you think you are.
Giants suck.
I would say his ceiling is Thor, the Norse hammer-wielding god associated with thunder, lightning, storms, oak trees, strength, the protection of mankind, and also hallowing and fertility. That is also his floor.
But you can't rely on Johnson, you just can't. We definitely need one tackle soon and might need two. The position can't be ignored if there is a BPA type name on the board when we pick.
Nah. There is a seriously good case it was a mutually beneficial parting. The team had been in a tailspin. The guy lost his son at a team training camp facility and his other son had severe drug related legal issues here in town as well. He made the insane decision to produce the Castillo/Washburn defensive shitstorm. It wasn't working for the team anymore, it wasn't working for his family to be here. All concerned have done better with moving on. Now, that doesn't mean he is a bad coach. He is an undeniably great coach who is extremely worthy of a ring. When I say I don't want him to get it, it's pure jealousy. But I'm more honest about that stuff than most people are.
The problem is the words for institutional racism most people understand is "institutional racism" and the word for racism on an individual level is "racism". I'm not the one trying to scramble definitions. The issue is you tried to change the commonly understood definition of racism to an academic sociological one and most people, not being sociologists, did not go along with you. So now instead of acknowledging we have a language understanding deficit you insist that anyone who does not recognize your revised definition hates black people. And you are super mega vocal about telling them that. But also your side of this tangent likes to post a lot that white people should be physically assaulted so how the fuck can you expect some pure as fuck bloodless sociological debate?
If it comes down to the King of the Hill Bowl against Dallas, you know which side I'm on. :) Aside from the would be jealous if you win a ring first thing, I have no hate for the Texans organization.
Member this? http://www.cbssports.com/college-football/news/nelson-agholors-penalty-was-worse-than-we-thought/ I mean, what can a coach do when the player just refuses to look to them? He's obviously not some WR coach savant, but I feel bad about him being the scapegoat for Howie here. They gave him NOTHING to work with.
[Or 2016.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Mi_akUxZI0) The guy's desire, talent, drive, and courage can never be questioned, but he just doesn't get that there is a line between bravery and recklessness that he regularly crosses.
Weren't around for Bill Clinton's term?
Welcome. Fuck Dallas.
I agree as well. It's what I've been saying all along on this. You can't ask me to accept that the President being an agent for a foreign country is less important than any source, and you you can't ask me just to accept that he is a traitor without letting me see the solid evidence. Before Iraq, maybe I could have just trusted. But I simply can't do that now.
That link does not confirm they told Trump. "Biden's office also said the vice president told reporters that intelligence leaders felt obligated to tell Obama because they were planning on informing Trump." It's like three to four whispers down the lane and still stops short of asserting he was told for sure. When people say you need to use critical thinking to evaluate news, this is the kind of weasel language they are warning you about.
For the asshole owner? Well he is significantly richer now. Look at the Rams. [Forbes: Rams' value doubled with move to Los Angeles](http://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/17545786/los-angeles-rams-double-value-move-california) There's a reason the league banned the Green Bay ownership model for future teams.
If Trump is under the thumb of Russia, the IC has to make a choice. What is the bigger intelligence victory for Putin? A. Reveal important American espionage sources. B. Control the POTUS. The answer should be obvious, right?
I've never understood that logic. Why would I want my biggest rivals to represent me? I hereby appoint the Seattle Seahawks my official representative.
Confirmation does not = multiple contradictory anonymous sources say It's simply not what the word means.
The country did not fully understand they were being manipulated in the run up to Iraq. That's why it wasn't, you know, stopped. Of course, I knew it because the reporting was all unconfirmable and ridiculous BS and opposed the war. But don't listen to me. I'm a crazy guy who does explanation points like this!111!!!
But there isn't even ONE source that fully confirms your storyline here. Go back and actually read the authoritative claims in your articles. It's all over the place. CNN doesn't confirm the documents were handed over. They confirm they were included in a presentation that may not have even discussed them. It's not just that NBC says they weren't, it's that CNN doesn't even assert they were. You call this idea ridiculous, but let CNN confirm it at least before we throw out the report of a credible news organization with what they consider a credible source!
Thank you, now James Comey, that is an entirely 100% trustworthy source who would never do anything to mislead or manipulate the American public.
The major players in the IC seem to be people like Clapper, who has been caught red handed lying to Congress. And Comey, who it seems like half the country believes intentionally swung the election to Trump. The IC failures that led up to 9/11 and Iraq still weigh heavily in my mind. All I can say is I've been paying attention to politics since 1996. Our foriegn policy has been a disaster for as long as I have been watching it. I've never seen any serious reason to put trust in what this community tells me across administrations. I believe when they give me independently confirmable evidence, not before.
I can see you all over the Comey is a traitor for reopening the FBI investigation posts dude. Do you have someone who isn't untrustworthy?
Born in 1982, that's just when I was old enough to start caring about politics. Historically, there is even more untrustworthy shit.
&gt;He's certainly botched a lot of things. Agreed.
The cookie cutter's may have really fucked over American expectations. They were a failed concept that needed replacing sooner than usual, and now people seem to always expect that timeline. Even so, you can look all around the league and see successful renovations of older buildings to modern tastes. Miami? KC? Green Bay? Chicago?
RIP, r/bubuzayzee. We asked too damn much, r/nfl. We asked too much.
i'm not happy with you right now for early stadium building (even if not totally rip off taxpayers funding) and stealing back Vick. Don't toss that PR grenade and then take him back, you bastards.
look at me. r/eagles is birds 24/7 now. Seriously, there is no better one stop shop for Eagles news in this city anymore. If ESPN was smart, they would start sniping community managers from the mod staff here just like they sniped reporters from B 24/7. Best in the business.
Well, besides Valerie Plame, how many of them came out to tell us the evidence for Iraqi WMD was full of shit? I would argue not enough of them to earn long term trust. But they want to blame that all on Bush right? I dunno, man. Seems like an involvement in our internal politics if you allow us into a war which definitely killed Clinton 2008 imo and contributed in 2016.
&gt;" bong rip bro, like, what is you, and I, like what are WE man, what are we, who are we??" &gt;Iran Contra? not internally focused &gt;"They hoped thereby to secure the release of several U.S. hostages and to fund the Contras in Nicaragua." You understand that these hostages were released seconds after reagan won, right? Literally seconds.
Lots of words all circling back to the CIA director called the case a slam dunk and Democrats like Hillary Clinton, not just neocons, played along with all of this. Nobody stood up for Plame. We can't establish the IC is not currently also fucking up to go along with political whims. Lots of words you use to excuse yourself from needing proof before you follow the narrative of liars. We only know this situation is different when we have proof, hating Trump isn't proof. Where was the IC to tell us Powell and his vial of BS was BS? They didn't care. They wanted the war too. Hundreds of thousands of people died. Now you totally blindly trust them. Wow. Some rando ass MI6 guy says he gets peed on? Well, British intelligence never makes mistakes. British involvement in the war was all the fault of PM Bush!
Welcome to Republican politics! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpZbbOgjhPc
Would be cool if they came with a slot to stash a piece of gum, like a gum version of what those old Hulk Hogan meat shoes did.
He's a human being.
800+ yards and 5 tds for a TE is disappointment? I think people might just have expectations set too high.
I think the complaint is more that places outside of Philly seem to include the green peppers as a default. Accepted and default aren't the same things. Most people in Philadelphia don't eat a cheesesteak with green peppers on it, so how does that end up how people imagine it elsewhere? Obviously, this is just how food culture works. I'm sure Chinese people must laugh/rage at many aspects of Americanized Chinese food, for example.
Well, if it makes you feel any better from a karma perspective, it was this game: &gt;PHILADELPHIA -- Philip Rivers threw three touchdown passes to Eddie Royal, and Nick Novak kicked a 46-yard field goal with 7 seconds left to lead the San Diego Chargers past the Philadelphia Eagles 33-30 on Sunday, spoiling Chip Kelly's home debut. &gt;Michael Vick threw for a career-best 428 yards and two touchdowns and ran for a score. But a porous Eagles defense couldn't stop Rivers all day. http://www.nfl.com/gamecenter/2013091508/2013/REG2/chargers@eagles#menu=gameinfo%7CcontentId%3A0ap2000000246405&amp;tab=recap Personally, I don't buy the sportsmanship argument with helping players from the other team up. It's a physical game, every bit of energy you save and they expend can add up in a game of inches. Also, Fletcher Cox is the man.
You are rude, condescending, and deliberately refusing to engage with my points in an honest way. Moving on.
My Dad grew up in the depression. I was born in 1982, which puts me in what is commonly understood as the oldest of the millennials. My Dad is an outlier because he was old and married much younger, but lots of even millennials will have grandparents to remind them. It wasn't **that** long ago.
If their pettiness might help them win, yes. Rivers had an entire team of his own to pick him up. You don't need to grab on to the hand of an opposing player for that.
oh, hahah. I didn't realize it was you cause I didn't pay attention to username. I thought I was talking to someone actually interested in discussion and not just angry insults and ranting. Sorry, back to moving on!
It kind of feels like I explained myself in a fairly reasonable and informed way and acknowledged my comparison was flawed as a matter of scale and you just said, "Nuh-uh," to everything I said. So, I guess agree to disagree? Like, the 300+ pound monster Cox is about to wrestle with (two of them actually, he almost always gets double teams) in seconds is not going to go easy on him as a reciprocal act of sportsmanship...and why isn't he the one picking up his own QB to begin with?
Actually I think our key disconnect is this: I'm arguing it's not bad sportsmanship. You are arguing it's not good sportsmanship. We might both be right, lol
No, I think I understand sportsmanship. In this case then when you refuse the reasonable middle ground I just offered, I think the disconnect is you have less than zero understanding of American Football and how insanely difficult it is so you think helping somebody up is some simple gesture. It's not, it's physical energy he has to use to pick up a very large man. The two 300+ pound monsters he has to wrestle in seconds are standing around recovering their energy and discussing strategy to stop him in these scant seconds between plays. Why can't he rest instead of helping their QB? Why can't he look to his teammates and coaches and talk strategy? Because the opposing QB grabbed him? Are you kidding me?
It's always hypocritical to demand other people treat you better than you are willing to treat them. We hacked another nation's nuclear program to physically sabotage it and then negotiated with them about their program after the setback robbed them of leverage. Meanwhile, we sit on enough nuclear warheads to annihilate the world and our President is Donald Trump. Our moral condemnations of Iran now lack credibility. This is bad for the world in a real sense. People try to dismiss criticisms of America as whataboutism, but at a certain point whataboutism actually has credibility if someone is trying to leverage moral superiority or complain about what is done to them. What exactly is the behavior we expect of Russia? Why is it to hold them to a higher standard than ourselves? Why should they listen? Is it all just might makes right? Well then, can you blame Russia for trying their might? War between our countries means nuclear annihilation. We need to do better than this. Might won't make right if we go to war with Russia, it will end human civilization.
You have steadfastly refused to even address my points focused on the actual game itself, that's why I phrased it the way I did. I have no idea what understanding of football you have, but in this conversation you have not indicated in any way it's beyond zero. Like, if you claimed to be a lawyer and I was trying to discuss the law with you and every response you had was, "NUH UH, NUH UH! WHAT THAT GUY DID WAS BAD!" Like...maybe you are a lawyer but then why aren't you willing to talk about law?
I think I understand now. You are a European and think we are talking about soccer. I'm sorry for the confusion, here in the US we have a different game we call football. You can read about it [here. ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_football) Unlike soccer, there are no sportsmanship conventions that demand you help other players up. Glad to help!
What's your game then? Rugby? Cricket? Buzkashi?
I wouldn't say move on. Work to find the truth. But impeachment via Republicans is going to be a Hail Mary. In the meantime, the Republicans are going to go full speed ahead on their legislative goals. We need to be doing more to prepare to fight them. Even if by miracle they impeach day one, Pence leading a legislative charge is a looming disaster. We don't seem ready to fight this battle.
&gt;one side uses words responsibly, and the other doesn't No, the problem is that neither does. The Clintons had a track record of dishonesty. That hurt her. The Democrats are less irresponsible than Republicans when it comes to facts, but their blind spots on truth can be a severe weakness that allows this sort of thing to happen. e: like you downvote me for saying they have a track record of dishonesty? The guy was impeached for lying under oath. Hillary, though her track record of dishonesty is often exaggerated, has a long list of proven lies if you go browse Politifact. You guys are the group of people that is going to fight back against the scourge of propaganda and fake news in 2017? People who downvote facts they don't like?
I don't think so. Unless what you mean is it's a misunderstanding. If I understand correctly, it is often illegal for someone who works for the government (which is a lot of people) to look at classified information even if it is widely reported, but there is no such restriction on the average citizen. It would be a violation of the first ammendment and toxic to the process of investigative journalism and whistleblowing if this was illegal.
I see what you mean, but I think in context here people are mostly focused on Trump's propagandists. That's what has everybody angry right now. It's hard to see a left propagandist and a right propagandist as on the same side. They just have similar tactics. My main point is, the Democrats need to fight back with either: 1. Brutal honesty. 2. Significantly better bullshit propaganda. Clinton was neither, it was a big problem.
Hey, it's not the Eagles fault that the Dallas Cowboys are terrible at playing football.
Hadn't thought of that. It would be pretty neat.
Wentz is the greatest QB, and perhaps greatest man, who has ever lived.
Potentially interesting shower thought: http://imgur.com/a/BscSF Washington fans upvote their hate more, Eagles fans comment their hate more.
Yeah it's just too late. People need to sleep and go to work in the morning.
To be fair though, unlike communism it's never really been implemented and tested on a national scale. Not that I expect it would succeed.
I mean, like, I'm gonna try and avoid being sucked into the day to day drama of a reality TV Presidency, but the inauguration is history. I'm gonna watch it. It's also going to be heavily protested, and I'm not going to deny the people speaking out against Trump their well deserved stage.
&gt; Are you dead? Yes, but he's become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
lol. You can't tell if the camera froze or his face froze.
I have a feeling something very similar to this scene is why humans domesticated dogs to begin with.
It will take a dumptruck of money, but the Phillies will pay it. He only goes somewhere else if he cares about having a slightly bigger dumptruck of money, which is not the sense I'm getting. The Phillies owe the Eagles a thank you card if this happens.
get out
Schmooblydong? That's not it, but it's close.
Stop going easy on him.
I'm for dumping the Cowboys from the East but the division should be Giants, Eagles, Ravens, Washington DC team. That makes much more geographic sense than lumping philly in with midwest teams.
Again, nobody wants shitty midwest teams in the NFC East, especially the Steelers. If you go to 6 you do Patriots, Giants, Jets, Eagles, Ravens, Washington DC team.
It makes sense in the situation where you are going to end up holding up traffic for the whole cycle of the light. But I see people do it when there is nobody behind them and only one car on the other side of the intersection. Those people piss me the hell off.
Hey now, not all of us fat people are assholes. Though of course I am. Don't blame fat for that either though!
I predict Nelson Agholor will not be on the Eagles 53 man roster for the first game next season. I predict that he will not be on any 53 man roster the following season. I predict he is a bust. I'm not a betting man, but if someone wants to taunt me for being wrong if the opportunity arises, I will take it.
General response to everybody: Yes, it's at least partly the building, I get it. But they closed in all but one corner at this point and it hasn't gotten better. Yes, it's partly that the season ticket holders are rich assholes or families there for the experience, but that's every NFL stadium now, it's no excuse. I wish it was still the season, I would take a video for you of all the fans sitting there dead silent on third downs. It's not just the building, it's us too. Maybe we can't be Centurylink because of the building, but we can be LOUDER.
Here let me fix this for you: Eliminate kickoffs aside from opening the game and the half and overtime I guess. Just put the ball on the 20 after a score. Kick the extra point, commercial, opposing offense on the field. Eliminates the most intolerable commercial problem and it eliminates a lot of kickoffs that are regarded as the most dangerous play anyway. Everybody wins. Goodell will of course not do this because he is literally satan and enjoys watching us suffer.
BUD LIGHT: IT HAS YOUR TEAM ON THE CAN! /points to yuengling can But that has an Eagle on it AND tastes good...
It's actually much less bad in the stadium because you don't actually have to watch the ads. You can like, watch the crowd and shit. It's relaxing. Problem is, attending games is stupid expensive.
The next renovation I would do is to at least cover the stands like Centurylink or the Miami renovation. The current roof thing covers like 5 rows of upper deck. What the hell is the point? Do that and you will have more noise reflected on the field and Lurie will have more of a chance at that cold weather city Super Bowl hosting he wants.
Heh, I bring cough drops to keep my voice from giving out. But even then, sometimes I lose the energy if everyone around me isn't contributing.
IIRC, it was the players talking to the media about Lurie's speech that started that story. It was a major sign Chip was losing them.
But it does. Being louder helps the team win. It causes communication problems and false starts for the offense. A better fanbase will be louder. This isn't some Tinkerbelle shit where we're just trying to let the team know we believe in them, it actually impacts the game. There's a reason the defense is constantly waving for more noise, it helps them do their job better.
They definitely do, but they also do highlights from the game and around the league, fan contests and stuff, showing fans on the jumbotron, all kinds of stuff. It's not the constant bombardment of pure advertising you get on TV.
I think that would be hilarious though.
Yeah, he's never really adjusted to not having a running QB. He needs to learn to take his system to the next level with a more traditional QB. He's tried before, it just hasn't worked out yet.
&gt; There were fewer debates scheduled because 08 was a shit show. The 08 process produced a beloved two term Democratic President. The 16 process produced President Donald Trump. Which one is the shitshow again?
They are obligated to be impartial if they expect independent voters to lesser of two evils in the general. Independent voters need to have a voice somewhere.
Why are you celebrating that you nominated the wrong candidate and elected Trump?
&gt; the neckbeard cringe we hate this site for. See but I'm not a bigoted shithead who hates people for their appearance and posts on sites I don't like so we probably aren't gonna connect here.
The oppo file on Trump was totally damning as well. When will you folks start to realize that shit didn't matter this year? Bernie polled better than Clinton against Trump. It's not a guarantee he would win, far from it, but if beating Trump was your top priority this election season Bernie was your best bet.
I mean, white men do deserve the most blame probably. That's the most strong Trump demographic. Just don't forget white women, to a much lesser degree, also favored Trump. It's important to remember that part too.
&gt;The favorability of every new candidate also craters every time they run for office Clinton is not a new candidate. She's been in the national public spotlight for three decades. That's the problem. They nominated a candidate they knew was flawed, while pointing to favorability numbers they knew were flawed. John Kerry would have won in the 2016 gimme election against Trump if he was the nominee now instead of taking on an at the time popular incumbent war President.
Nope, they threw everything they had at him during the primary. All the stuff that was later produced as damning Republican oppo...was already out there and published during the primary. People didn't care. This isn't the sort of election where that sort of stuff is damaging. Stuff that made him look bad didn't matter, what could have sunk him is stuff that made him look like an establishment insider. To date, nobody has produced that oppo.
I think if the campaigning had lasted six more months before they held their elections, he would have won all three of those states outright and gotten the delegates he needed. But it's harder to say when you are talking about more subtle changes like adding more debates.
&gt;No. Trump supporters deserve the blame. It's no coincidence when you look at the demographics there...overwhelmingly white. Blame everyone else who voted for him too, but let's be real.
&gt;I think that you want a validation for your prejudice and racism against white men. lol yeah i'm a self hating [white man](http://i.imgur.com/9UZsPSF.jpg), bro.
DON'T DENY YOUR BRO MANSHIP MY FRIEND
Yeah. Aside from the fact that so called race realists peddle white supremacy bullshit. I mean real reality, not that bullshit.
well yeah, family guy never hid it. The reason simpson writers needed South Park to talk for them has everything to do with simpsons being a decades dead zombie show and nothing to do with South Park or Family Guy.
Stuffing the run without selling out the pass coverage is probably the key here. They have amazing pass yardage on comparatively fewer attempts. They run to set up the pass. Keep them in third and long and you can beat them. Easier said than done.
We are the music makers. We are the dreamers of dreams.
The Republicans don't have to stop everything if the Democrats filibuster something. That would be a choice THEY made, so why blame Democrats for it?
&gt;And in this case, they will be right. No, they won't be, because the only reason it would be happening is Republicans forced it to. Republicans have been obstructing for eight years without needing to do talking filibusters to obstruct anything. This self-flagellating insistence that Democrats are responsible when Republicans punch them goes a long way to explain why Republicans always blame them for everything though.
So you're saying that the Democrats can't be in any systemic trouble because they win blue states?
&gt; So what is the goal here in your opinion? To force the nuclear option, so what happened to Garland never happens again. &gt;Again, they won't be the ones filibustering. That will be the Democrats. Again, that doesn't matter, because just like Republicans Democrats are able to just procedurally filibuster. The decision to shut down the government or not is 100% in Republican hands. I can't imagine why they would want to shut it down when they control it though. This whole thing is a fantasy you are using to try and justify Democrats not obstructing Trump. None of it makes any sense.
The Los Angeles Raiders home games at the Staples Center will provide fans a unique "arena" football experience.
&gt; Is MeFi still completely insane about all that lefty stuff? Yes. It's only getting worse. There isn't really any turning back at this point unless you totally turned over the mod staff, which isn't going to happen obviously. The main problem isn't really being lefty or SJW or whatever, it's a deeply ingrained idea that it's totally okay to be a dick to people if you can justify it as punching up by the standards of the mods. The way to avoid being banned isn't not to be a dick, it's to be a dick to the right people so eventually they respond in kind and get blamed for it. Classic schoolyard bullying psychology.
&gt;He already is connecting w Wentz for tds. We're talking about practice. Not a game, practice. Cutting T. Smith would be cold but I think players around the league would understand why the Eagles wanted to change their plans if it is for Maclin.
What the NFL is like is teams doing whatever they can to win. Smith is #2 and a reclamation project at best. He was godawful last year. Maclin may have been signed instead of Alshon if he was available at the time. The NFL is definitely not about keeping worse players on your roster instead of better ones.
Centrists lost to Donald Trump so we should keep doing centrism.
Dems not seeing how he could win is how he won the first time.
What far left policies did Hillary propose?
&gt;do you think Bernie Sanders running with an exact copy of Clinton's platform would have won the 2016 election? Absolutely not. He would never have won a single primary if he was a Clinton policy clone.
Yes, Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are literally the same that is a good and sensible opinion.
The Bernie Sanders that walked into a primary for a party he isn't even a member of that actively worked against him during the campaign and then became the most popular politician in the country. That one. Or you could do the same catastrophic failure centrist strategies that got Democrats almost entirely kicked out of the halls of power I guess. Like Sanders, I'm not a Democrat, so I don't care all that much if you want to burn your party to the ground instead of changing with the times.
What's reactionary about Sanders foreign policy? In comparison to an establishment that marched the country into Iraq to find imaginary WMD...Bernie Sanders is the reactionary one? What is protectionist about his economic policy?
&gt;Except people in the third world moving up socioeconomically makes them more likely to buy American goods Okay well then I guess sweatshops and underpaying workers are good, I learned something today, thanks Democrats. &gt;Trade didn't drive up your medical debt or student loans, but it may it easier to pay them. If you can get the same goods for less it leaves you more money to pay down your debt. Be serious here. 38 million Americans live paycheck to paycheck. Trickle down from trade isn't making one difference on if they can cover a large medical bill. [26%](https://www.creditdonkey.com/average-american-savings-statistics.html) of adults have zero emergency savings.
&gt;Hillary Clinton that was the first First Lady, and first Secretary of State to attend a pride parade? Yeah, she totally thinks gay people are subhuman. You know that's bullshit, yet you wrote it anyway I bet you think Trump is a hero of gay rights for holding a pride flag too. Hillary Clinton opposed gay marriage. People like me begged and pleaded with Democrats like her to support giving gay people the same rights as her. She had to be dragged kicking and screaming into it. That isn't bullshit, it's history. For all the talk of the Republicans being the number one enemy, why is every progressive issued delayed for ten years of trying to convince "progressives" like Hillary Clinton to stop actively opposing it? &gt;Right way? How the fuck is burning everything down the right way to fix things? No no, listen. The point is: We don't care about your house. It's your house, not ours. You are the one who wants everybody to come over and hang out all the time but we don't want to. Maybe if the house is burnt down you will leave us alone? &gt;They're going to get more seats if you keep trying to primary Democrats. Democrats have already lost about as hard as it's possible to lose. The filibuster can be removed whenever Republicans want. I will point out that the Republicans made these gains while primarying them was extremely popular. Nobody is scared of your doomsaying about Republicans anymore because Donald Trump is President and Republicans control both houses of Congress and most state governments. The apocalypse is already here. None of your centrist received wisdom about how to forestall it worked at all. Even a little bit.
That's exactly what trickle down is. This is just global instead of national.
&gt;That's not how Congress works Yes, it is. The filibuster is a Senate rule, the Senate can and has changed it. &gt;Sanders opposed gay marriage too, but you're easily overlooking that. Sanders has a history going back to the 70s of supporting it. He wasn't perfect on the issue, but his long term and early support contrasts sharply with Clinton's behavior. [Politifact Rating True:](http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/sep/29/chuck-todd/nbcs-chuck-todd-bernie-sanders-there-same-sex-marr/) "Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasn't popular." &gt;"The Liberty Union believe that there are entirely too many laws that regulate human behavior," Sanders wrote in an open letter. "Let us abolish all laws which attempt to impose a particular brand of morality or ‘right’ on people. Let’s abolish all laws dealing with abortion, drugs, sexual behavior (adultery, homosexuality, etc.)." It's funny to think Sanders in the seventies was more progressive on drug law than Hillary in 2017. That's the difference between the two of them. I have no doubt if you showed Hillary the right poll she would support ending the drug war if she ran in 2020. Then you would try and convince me her and Sanders are the same on the issue. The fact that in this hypothetical she did it 45-50 years later than Sanders and plainly out of political opportunism obviously changes nothing, right? One time he wasn't perfect so they are the same! &gt;So, your plan is to burn the house down, and then what? Dance on the ashes for a while probably. What are you going to do?
Funny, they made the most progressive politician in the race the most popular in the country. Pretty sure the dance party is going to be very well attended. Honestly, after your strategies lost to Donald Trump and gave the Republicans total control of the government, it's silly to act as if the house isn't already in ashes anyway. It's really not a progressive country, I'm a bleeding heart libertarian not a progressive for example, but the staggering incompetence of democrats like Hillary Clinton has led people to be more willing to try new approaches. Doing the same thing and losing again isn't as appealing to most as it is to you.
So what? And does that actually even happen?
I just don't understand why I should care how big a pie is if I don't get to have a piece. In the year 2000 500 people controlled 90% of the world's wealth!* Oh no! Don't worry, we fixed it, now it's 510 people! Umm, okay, thanks trade. *made up numbers.
People in the richest country in the world live paycheck to paycheck. You are talking about bandaids for the have nots and excuses for the one percent to continue enriching themselves at everyone else's expense.
Lol washington team is such scumbags. They have a racist name. They know it. They didn't argue the name isn't horrifically racist, they argued that it violates their rights not to let them be racist.
The poll is based on self-identity. It counts your white racist uncle who claims to be 1/64th Cherokee princess or whatever.
Agreed, it's okay that you are racist against them because they have other problems. That makes racism okay.
It's trademark law. The whole idea is to restrict speech so a company can have a distinguishing mark. No idea why the government should be using taxpayer resources to protect racist marks. Now opponents of the name can't use their trademark. Opponents have had their speech restricted by government. This is the better result?
Then it seems like nominating progressives is a super good idea?
It's either willful blindness or tribalism to talk about sniping like it isn't coming in equal doses from both sides.
Democratic primary voters voted against their own interests. It happens.
Why would you volunteer this story for the world if you actually did it? It's just drawing attention to your criminal acts. Shitty things happen to people even if you can't understand them. Look up Brian Banks.
That's a really disgusting comment.
Meanwhile Washington DC Area NFL Football Organization is halfway down the list, lol.
So it sounds likely that someone would make up lies about him? Maybe even multiple people?
The only thing stopping Republicans from passing whatever they want right now is themselves.
Brian Banks story is like a lifetime story too. Donald Trump is President. Strange things happen. This sounds a lot more like you actively don't want to believe him than that you don't believe him.
Again, if they have the same prices even though Dallas has tens of thousands of more seats...that is a good sign there is more demand for Cowboys seats.
They will nuclear option as soon as they need to. The filibuster is over. In the long term, that is a very good thing.
A non sell out there is still tens of thousands of more people than can fit in the linc every game. One thing I think could bring the numbers closer is to figure out how many fans in Dallas are away fans. The stadium is a destination in the way the linc is not.
Repeating, they fill those extra seats at similar prices to the Eagles. If the demand for Eagles tickets was so, so much higer, the prices would be too. I don't even think season tickets are a good measure of passion anyway. They are evidence of people being dumb with their money. I've had season tickets for a year now, my passion level is unchanged.
I don't understand your point here, could you explain?
But your explanation still makes no sense in the context of this story. If the story had been, "I had sex with her than the next day she claimed it was rape," then that would be one thing. But that's not what happened here, that discussion just doesn't apply.
Huh, you know I was just assuming he was looking at aftermarket ticket prices but that appears not to be the case. So yeah, all of what you said. :)
Okay. Were there people from the DCCC on the ground there? &gt; These districts are about small politics, not things that you need a ton of money for. There is nothing in America a person needs that money can't help them get. In SC-05 we are talking about a district with 678,910 people in it. There is nothing national money can help with to reach 700,000 different people? The population of GA-06 is 691,975 people by the way.
Maybe somebody super into American history I guess, but the city has more impressive sites nearby for someone like that.
Lost House. Lost Senate. Lost Presidency. Yeah, they know it all.
If only moral victories gave someone political power.
https://www.vox.com/2017/6/20/15844132/georgia-special-election-ossoff-analysis &gt;In Kansas’s Fourth District, which Trump won by 27.2 points, the Republican candidate won by just 6.8 points. &gt;In Montana, which Trump won by 20.6 points, the Republican candidate for the district that encompasses the whole state won by just 6.1 points. &gt;Now, in South Carolina’s Fifth District, which Trump won by 18.5 points, it appears the Republican candidate won by a little over 3 points. All of this seems very encouraging indeed for Democrats. &gt;But then there’s the Ossoff race. &gt;Donald Trump won Georgia’s Sixth District by 1.5 points. And though the votes aren’t all counted yet, the Upshot’s projections as of Tuesday evening suggest Karen Handel will outperform Trump, winning the district by about 4 points. You repeated the Clinton strategy and then lost even harder than Clinton did while different approaches improved on her numbers. Let me tell you what facts and history suggest: You are going to do the same thing and lose even harder next time. But as I said, we aren't likely to agree at this point. Just tell me, how many election cycles do you have to lose before you step aside and let someone else have a try? Just give me a number. One should be ideal, right? That's what you are arguing, 2018. Just say that. It would be historically ludicrous for the Dems to lose that one, right? “There are people who, as I often say, would rather have first class seats going down with the Titanic than change the course of the ship,” Sanders said in a recent interview in response to being asked why the Democratic Party is still run by the people who drove it into the ground during the Obama administration. “
What? No. I am arguing for a majority in a representative democracy being able to act like a majority in a representative democracy. Only thirteen state governments in the United States have a legislative filibuster. Not having one is the exact opposite of a radical idea, even in a purely American context. It's weird and peculiar to have one in the first place.
Again, I've been talking politics online since 2000. I've had this conversation 10,000 different times 10,000 different ways with people speaking with utter confidence bordering on arrogance that they knew better than me because they are repeating verbatim what centrist Democratic talking points are saying. It has never come true. The talking points are wrong. The talking points are out of touch. The talking points lose. The only major electoral success Democrats have had in my voting lifetime is 2006-2008 when they rode the wave of Bush fatigue and Obama charisma. Your strategies deserve zero credit for that. Most of your blue dogs got curb stomped by real conservatives once the wave passed (because that is the only thing your strategies can accomplish) and here we are with you insisting that nothing must ever, ever, ever change. You won't even say you will change if you lose the next 100 election cycles doing the exact same thing. It's plainly absurd on it's face. You're talking about not cherry picking numbers at the same time you stridently ignore the biggest elephant in the room as far as numbers go...You have fewer Senators. You have fewer Representatives. You have 0 President Hillary. Your strategies and your consultants were in charge of accomplishing that.
&gt;51+ got the U.K. Brexit and that continues to be a horrible problem regardless of your stance on it. That was a referendum, but the point is illustrated. No point at all is even remotely illustrated by comparing a public referendum to the workings of the United States Senate or the United States federal government as a whole. The United States government already has a gazillion checks and balances to slow reactionary action. It doesn't need an accidentally invented tool that was, not cherry picking and outside a Jimmy Stewart movie, most prominently and notoriously used for nefarious purposes and restricting rights rather than defending minority rights. The filibuster is not used to prevent reactionary development, it's used to promote reactionary regression. Refusing to deal on Obamacare was directly reactionary to Obama's rise to power and it thwarted the will of the American people well beyond what the founders ever intended. I'm mentioning the states because you replied to my original comment with the suggestion that I was advocating for mob rule. I am living under a state government with no filibuster here in Pennsylvania. It is, to my knowledge correct me if I'm wrong, not under mob rule. The majority acts within the checks and balances established by the Pennsylvania constitution, but it acts. The current federal Senate can be brought to a total state of paralysis by a determined, regressive, reactionary minority. Whatever you have to say about the evils of 51% having disproportionate control over a political body, they don't compare to the evils of 49% or less having disproportionate power. If you have to pick one, better the tyranny of the majority than the tyranny of the minority. That is the entire point of Democracy and what makes it better than tyranny.
&gt;It's your opinion and it's valid, but comparing Pennsylvania's state government to the federal government isn't particularly helpful to your argument because PA not having a filibuster proves exactly nothing about problems with the US senate filibuster. I'm gonna repeat myself again then. I only brought it up because you suggested changing the cloture rules to remove the filibuster would lead to government by mob referendum rule. I still have absolutely no idea by what mechanism you believe that is going to happen. So I'm trying to show you it isn't in fact a consequence of not having a filibuster. The only thing that happens when you get rid of the filibuster is you don't have a filibuster anymore and the majority party can pass bills through the Senate as originally intended. &gt;You're still making nothing but normative arguments with cherry picked examples of filibuster abuse. Why don't we try it the other way then. What filibuster do you think had as big of a positive impact as stalling the Civil Rights movement had a negative impact? What was the positive result that balances out Obamacare being hollowed out to remove key elements that were run on by the very popular at the time Barack Obama? Will it stop the new Republican healthcare bill? Nope, reconciliation lol. The only way Obamacare was passed at all in the first place was reconciliation because no matter how much bipartisan compromise was added to the bill, the filibuster never broke. Was it tyranny to evade a filibuster with questionable tricks like that? Is it wrong for the Republicans to use reconciliation now? Why should budget matters be an exception? Why should judicial appointments be an exception? There is no coherent policy here. The government needs to function and the filibuster prevents it. It's a dumb massively abused procedural trick, nothing more. Saving it is no hill to die on. If you want your policy, win elections. &gt;Also, if a state has a filibuster rule and its districts are gerrymandered to hell, the filibuster at least puts the brakes on unfair majority rule until it's sorted out. What state are you talking about here where that happened? Also, that's the role of the Courts. We already have a check for that. &gt; What's wrong (philosophically) with having a filibuster to ensure at least some bipartisan support for senate action? The entire concept of bipartisanship and partisanship itself is a totally unintended feature in American politics. [Many of the founders hated the concept of political parties.](http://www.shmoop.com/political-parties/founding-fathers-political-parties.html) &gt;"As good republicans, the founders believed that parties (or factions) threatened this rational, collaborative process. If the political community broke into small groups committed to their own narrow interests, the search for the common good would be compromised. Politics would disintegrate into battles between conflicting visions, and elections would generate division rather than consensus." Division rather than consensus is how I feel most election days, that's for sure. Of course, parties formed pretty much instantly anyway. Philosophically though, I am definitely in their corner on this one. Parties are no good and divisive and we should resist the idea that being dependent on them is a permanent state. That's pie in the sky though. Really though, the answer is insuring bipartisanship with a crazy procedural rule serves no purpose I can think of. There is no value in making Democratic legislation more like legislation wanted by Donald Trump and his minions. But even if there was, they don't want to deal whether they are in power or out. They aren't hiding this. The only thing stopping bipartisanship is they don't want it. It doesn't seem American to me to force it on them or on the Democrats. It especially doesn't seem fair to force "Bipartisanship" in a country where [more people identity as independent](http://www.npr.org/2016/02/28/467961962/sick-of-political-parties-unaffiliated-voters-are-changing-politics) than identify as a member of the Republican or Democratic party individually. The voters don't want this. First they gave the Democrats power, then they gave it to Republicans. They think they only have those two options and this is the only choice they get to make, yay bipartisan system. They want to see what the parties can do and hate both because neither can do anything as right as they need to because all the bills end up shitted up with too many compromises. The Iraq War was bipartisan. Yay! The Patriot Act was bipartisan. Yay! Obamacare got not a single Republican vote. I guess it's bad! Making something bipartisan has no connection at all with if you are making something good. The philosophical problem with forcing bipartisanship is that if the voters want a bipartisan government that works together to write policy they can easily vote for one. They aren't doing that. Neither side is doing that. Voters do not want that. I can't see a compelling reason to force their hand when there is no evidence bipartisan legislation is better legislation. Both parties are becoming more stridently partisan instead because their voters are forcing the issue after the paralysis and mismanagement has left the government in a fairly disastrous condition. If we are assuming the two party system is forever though, the Senate already grants disproportionate power to Republicans (or a rural party of some kind) because it doesn't take state population into account. That's one disproportionate advantage Republicans have. Do they need the filibuster too? This is supposed to be balanced out by a more populist Congress, but of course [rules came in to prevent that from happening properly.](https://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/01/07/enlarging-the-house-of-representatives/?mcubz=1) This gives the low population rural states yet another advantage. Do they need the filibuster too? Then we have the electoral college shenanigans and we don't need to get into that I bet. Just how much disproportionate power over the country does the Republican party need until we are being fair to them exactly? I'm happy sticking with, "What's in the constitution and nothing more. Also, I wish we could change the constitution to fix the House and Electoral College and the rest of the voting process. Also legalize pot."
Indistinguishable Pod Person One defeated Indistinguishable Pod Person Two for no reasons other than destiny. Yes, clearly this is the fact based prophet the Democrats must follow into the future.
&gt;Poor Hillary Clinton did the reverse-Nixon. She was in contention to run from the strongest position in 2008 Ahh yes, totally non-unique pod person Hillary Clinton lost to totally non-unique pod person Barack Obama. Solely and only the fruits of the Great Trend and nothing else. And of course pod man Obama won over identical pod man McCain because the Great Trend decreed it a decade earlier, not because of things like one candidate being mind blowingly charismatic, another making a bad VP choice ,or inconvenient sudden catastrophic global economic disaster in the middle of the campaign. But know this! The acolytes of the GREAT TREND knew all ahead of time! Sure, they didn't say so ahead of time. They are too brilliant for that. Instead, they waited a decade to start saying it. That proves their foresight! And now they stand before us with the courage to refuse to stand by a prediction for the 2018 midterm until the great revelation in 2028! WHO CAN DOUBT THEM?
I agree, Hillary losing to Trump was sad.
I will think about what your opinion is in regards to that point, thank you for the advice.
BCS Season 4 Sensitivity Syndrome is a physical condition. AMC is NOT mentally ill.
Ahh, you are just being pedantic. I see what you mean now.
A good fanbase trusts the process. Nobody trusts the process more than Sixers fans. Case closed.
I guess, like, in the sense the Japanese had some victories on the way to getting nuked and losing the war.
&gt; The problem is that one trick Mercy's tend to be useless on anything but their main hero, because they don't have the mechanical skill needed to play at high ranks. This should punish the Mercy players SR far more often than it does you if they really suck that bad since they are guaranteed at least one Mercy main in their games already. It's not happening though because they still win more on average. There aren't a lot of Mercy players up there with those silly negative win rates. That is anecdote. She's a strong hero in this meta and people are getting better at her. If anything the problem is there isn't really a hard counter to Mercy to absolutely make her switch or lose. She just fits well enough in nearly any reasonable comp and on every map. That's why so many one tricks are having more success than they would if they were flexible. They don't need to switch.
Who else saw the fence jumpers and gate crashers? I thought this stuff was just something you saw in documentaries on Amazon. Place was PACKED. Few more years of this and we are gonna end up rocking out the Linc.
I don't care. If true, it's depressing to have interpersonal shit impact shows negatively. Same thing happened with The Good Wife. People need to be professional about it and think of the viewers first.
Anecdotal evidence. It's as silly to rely on that as on the examples of ridiculously low win rates.
I've been thinking something like letting her split her beam in three at 1/3 the power. Potentially a buff to let her heal or boost three people at once, but it would require managing three beams and having to use all three on one player to match her current single target healing rate. Maybe even give anyone with a beam on them a minor speed boost. I don't want to steal Lucio's thunder but I do want to give reasons for Mercy to stay in combat rather than hiding. This still keeps her a mechanically simple character but increases the complexity of decision making.
&gt;what the hell are you talking about, you want a mercy buff? She's the worst healer at top levels. That's the heart of the problem. She can be OP at low levels but underpowered at high levels because the best players can't take her to the next level as is. That's why any buff has to be skill based.
Am I reading something wrong? I see both Lucio and Zen with higher win rates when I set it the way you say. I also see Ana with a higher pick rate even though she has a lower win rate. You also have to account for how much weaker Mercy is without a Phara combo and that she is the least used healer in high level tournament play, which is the true top level.
Would love to see what he could do with Brees.
Yeah, he was playing with [contacts.](http://phi.247sports.com/Bolt/Carson-Wentz-admits-he-had-laser-eye-surgery-in-offseason--52514180) That has to be less than ideal.
Do a copy of the r/place "Fly Eagles Fly"
PRESIDENT OF EARTH BERNIE SANDERS HEAD!
People, people, please. Just because it's a dramatic scene doesn't mean you can't do a little comedy in the background. Throw a pie or two, for God's sake.
