&gt; looks down to check what balls they have
I heard it as "My work is tearing out, peep yee-a-laut"
curves right in to a BGH
i did still feel sorry for the axe
"Some Skeels for me"
http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1st1a4/look_closely_to_lunas_eye_isnt_it_eclipses_icon/
active the first few weeks of new season and slowly dies down until the next season.
expected title to be '5 reasons to join ti5'
&gt; ravenholft assissin A+
on the flip side, catching up in LoL is astronomically easier. like, in dota a level 1 , 50 minutes into the game, can get to level 10-12 in 5 minutes, but in league, you get from level 1-&gt;10 in like 10 seconds (few creep kills). However, on the flip side of that, if someone does abandon, 4v5 is way harder than in dota.
why did he stash the refresher orb before, and after he used it
Still unplayable in competitive. It's a 9 mana 9/7 that does nothing the turn it's played. High cost cards need to impact the game immediately to stay competitive. U spend a turn dropping a 9/7 with no taunt I'll just go face.
man lol guys so butthurt. how about you guys think about it this way. $10 is a donation to blizzard, a token of appreciation, don't expect anything in return, but just as a bonus, you get an alternate portrait. you're not forced to buy it, just buy it to support the game just like how you would donate to a streamer and the streamer gives you custom chat emotes.
well there you have it, a redditor who instabought all 3 alternate heroes
Bloodseeker is easily #1. i remember when bs first came out in dota1 it was the most mayhem in clueless pubs. Rupture has got to be the most unintuitive skill to face against. "I'm running away and he's not doing anything how am i taking damage! I'm running even more, i'm still being hurt, what's happening" and was easy godlikes for bloodseeker the first week of release. tough times. Abaddon is likely #2 for unintuitive, hitting him heals him when ult procs (but you don't know that if your'e clueless).
protecting a minion is like protecting your face. if you lose when ur 0/9 minion dies the experience is going to be similar with just having 9 life to begin with.
i feel like any golden rare is harder than a legendary. i have less golden rares than i have legendaries
&gt; Secret deck: facing another secret deck solution, queue your secret deck with 2 kezan mystics, or murloc deck with hungry crabs
Works out fine, play d3 for couple weeks when new patch, then hearthstone new expansion , play hearthstone, then dota new patch, play dota, then starcraft new patch - play starcraft... then... d3 new patch again!
but then they 'bribe' us with special perks like "extra cosmetics" or "pre-order trophy" etc to entice us
i might get a paladin skin since it's the only class i play
this mitigates the issue for legendary properties that have no range. smk/dod is a good example. however for those that do: Incense torch, Furnance, etc, the amount of min maxing on that will be even higher. (suddenly your 41% ancient furnace is garbage now, ur going to keep hunting for a 50% one)
another buff to demon hunters
the opposite of what their approach is in hearthstone
no kidding, since most of the positions are back back side (db/systems) area which is probably the biggest constraint for more deck slots.
helltoothhhhhhhhhhhhh anyway the manajuma movement speed boost looks handy for bounty farming; wd arent very mobile
face hunter im not sure but flamewaker mage is great due to the synergy with flamewaker and stuff like mirror image, antonidas, etc. i dont think anyone can argue that spamming bananas with flamewaker is heaps of fun
should be same as 'hidden score like casual' the question is if winning brawl affects your casual hidden score or is it separate, and if it is separate does it affect the future week's brawl
nice write up i totally forgot about echoing ooze
seems great if they release a new expansion after the Dota Internationals are over
In my opinion after playing both the biggest difference is the Tower and TP mechanics. There are no tp's in league which is huge to get used to. Towers in league also do a ton more damage but also are way squishier. the end result is that with no tp and squishy towers, split pushing becomes a real deal, and passive play is not bad. (I've had players tell me 'get out of my lane' 30 minutes into the game; in dota the laning phase ends after 10 minutes)
One more quick experiment, when you win one against a rank 15 opponent, how much legend ranks do you go up?
na just need 1 win, see if u go up like 0 ranks, 1 rank, or 5 or w/e
hahaha that's awesome
question- does the games before 30 matter at all when determining rank post 30? like for example a fresh account with 90% win rate stomping everyone, and wins 10/10 provisional matches , versus a fresh account with 40% win rate, wins 10/10 provisional matches?﻿
i liked this week's brawl's theme/idea; it allowed some cards to be stronger (flamewaker, violet teacher, mirror image, questing adventurer) and it was insane pushing those cards to the limits. great fun. the only tragedy is that those said cards were already strong in the meta to begin with, but the concept is great and i'd love to see more sleeper cards to be abusable.
batrider tier 5 how the mighty have fallen
3-12 naix calling everyone out, classic
Stonesinger: does he still have half life? also, time to go back to wd, finally
depends how much you want boom, but here's the dusting priority -cairne is shit so dust him for sure (piloited sky golem is better anyway) -bolvar is mostly shit and paly specific, safe dust -onyxia is ok but w/e dustable -deathwing is actually pretty good and u should keep him, so dust the 3 above
why would i reroll 40g quests in the first place. alot of them are easy to finish (like win 2 for 40g, versus win 5 for 60? really)
every druid is ramp druid. wild growth and innervate are bascially auto includes
ur username tho
nah u can just use tokens at that point. in mtg u make copies of cards all the time and u represent it with a token (can be anything, like a coin, blank card, tortilla chip, etc)
expected 5 power overwhelmings
1 damage to face would definitely be nice, cuz then it would fit into a not-yet-viable spellpower mage deck
that clip was a great include, but it's best as a 'bonus' clip, which is a common edit done in these type of videos
Great question. This question comes up often but if you really think about your turn progression it'll make sense. Consider these paths: Coining WG: T1 - Coin WG T2 - 3 T3 - 4 T4 - 5 = Druid of the Claw Pass, WG to get Druid of the Claw- T1 - 1 T2 - 2, WG T3 - 4, coin = 5 = Druid of the Claw As you can see here, The latter gets you Druid of the Claw 1 turn earlier. Hope this helps.
it's a good concept but would have to have its stats adjusted. since the deathrattle is very positive in this case, it would need lower stats so it's a shit standalone creature until it dies (like sylvanas)
your comment is flawed as well. It's much more devastating for the enemy to get blingtron when you play it because you get to act on your turn, potentially killing the enemy. If you get the cursed blade you can prepare accordingly so you don't get killed. it's the reason why majordomo is bad when the enemy kills it and kills you, yet there are times when people kill their own majordomo to use the hero power for lethal.
never heard of a paladin card called 'obvious'
cast corruption is the best one, and the mechanic already exists on one of the blackrock mountain guys
wow 2 confessor in arena
my main deck, thx for guide
in MTG terms it would be more akin to an "Enchantment" effect, or 'artifact'
i love how polite they are to each other. all around very selfless and just saying 'my bad' all around for every mistake.
ui_main02 was the best one. expected to sound like bilgewater (which is great too) but actually sounds more of epic music
pretty sure it does since common/uncommon items are more likely to drop than rare and arcana unless those chest items will never get added to loot table then yea
spellslinger into mass dispel
Gay'est Kuardian At the end of your turn, return to the closet. ^^sorry
obligatory "vids or it didn't happen"
musterfuse - 3 mana - summon 4 1/1's, give your opponent a mana crystal
na, 'combos' with ashbringer on turn 9 after ur tirion died on 8. won't replace your ashbringer and the extra mana doesn't matter
man i freaking love threads that have "What's the best play" in them.
pls up numbers for scorch/lightning/frozen orb runes
lol pudge still died to teh sf ult
reverse question - will a regular anyfin can happen summon golden murlocs that died?
expected the 'carry oracle 1.2 BAT infographic'
it's only bad luck if your deck you're playing is unfavored against them. most top constructed decks these days are designed to have a positive win rate against secret paladins so you'll WANT to face them in fact.
caldesann is a play on the word candlesan which is wyatt's twitter handle
brothers dota ftw also good to see 3 from NIP doing well
TREE OF LIFE
GAR WOLEM
the irony is that u can already do this to a disconnected wisp by sunstriking the exact spawn location after respawing
oddshot LOL that was like the worst. oddshot was used in so many other subreddits normally and reynad who already has his own website and channel with plenty of exposure, is the one bitching about it. AND had a huge upvote too. Poor devs at oddshot had to come out and apologize and try to cater their business model around his special case.
i'm pretty sure the mod said 'dozens of times' wasn't referring to you quitting the game, but just calling people out in general.
which one is lyrical, i thought he was black
zeus sets plx his model is done already
asking the real questions
well in that vein, should type "Come on" instead of "C'mon"
don't worry maybe they'll make an aggro version of reno. 'if only 1 card of each in your deck, deal 10 damage to the enemy's face'
aggro priest and lock and load/miracle? hunter
quite possibly the worst farmer in the game. i cant' think of anyone worse tbh
what would be the chances of killing him if he hadn't drawn the last missile? b) how about the chances if he doesn't attack with apprentice
yea i mean't the chance that it doesn't wipe the enemy board but the missiles go face
thanks! this made sense.
you'd be surprised at some of the math whiz on reddit who can take a fraction of time to get the answer i've done combinatorics myself but i make alot of mistakes so i didn't want to give a wrong answer
man shit i knew the answer had to be fairly simple, but the 'minions dying and targets disappear' threw me off guard. but in reality it doesn't even matter because you just calculate total combinations that include 25 missiles hitting the face. duh! well done. now that being said 22% seems awfully high. everytime i cast a avenging wrath, timepiece of doom etc, it ALWAYS seems to clear the board.
srsly. i prob average ~6/7 ish but sometimes i just get 0-1 wins cuz i drafted a poor deck, go on tilt, and just want to get it over with asap.
surprised to see BGH ommitted. it's probably the most ubiquitous tech card and is used to widely to counter boom. anyway flare isn't half bad against secret paladin. it's actually devastating if you hit a few secrets before turn 6. it also cycles itself too.
in a technical sense, that's correct. however for meme's sake it's 'infinite value' because meme's are generally funny because they're incorrect
really comparable to stormwind champion. 6/6, give other minions +1 +1 aura, or 4/3, give other minions permamently +1+1, but if it sticks around, you can do it again. particulary good with paly and shaman hero powers because it buffs the token spawned
doesn't even need to be inverse. just two random rolls is fine. 'deal 2-4 damage. summon 2-4 imps.'
reminds me of Innistrad expansion for MTG
in hs, the attacker choose what target to attack. in mtg, attacker just 'attacks' and defender choose what to defend with. this means your 1 hp minions can't just get sniped. but ur 5/1 magma rager can just there and trade into a yeti if he decides to attack with yeti. that being said his yeti probably won't even choose to attack cuz u have a 5/1.
unranked guy is obviously challenger mmr
why is abaddon picked so often now? i remember when noone picked him except ppd rarely.
this is also why some inspire cards played on curve isn't that bad. they really go out of their way to remove it, and if they don't then the extra value is huge.
this is awesome, but what would be even more awesome is a link to the timestamp on the music video that aligns with the legendary entrance theme for example: Tirion Fordring https://youtu.be/YCQsUVZDo8o?t=1m54s
It's honestly not bad at all. Obviously the cons are the challenger player doesn't get to play much of better people but here are the pros: -Challenger player gets to experience what it's like to carry 4 other people. I mean really carry. Part of being a pub star is being able to really lift the heavy weights. Imagine if the pub star managed to carry plats against a pro player. he will get noticed and break out into the pro scene. It's also good practice in situations where your team is doing poorly and you need to take the game into your own hands. -Lesser people get a chance to play with pros/semi pros, it's like an honor! Fanboyism to the max. Though some obnoxious pro players can still piss of anyone (eternalenvy is a good example) That being said, the problem can be mitigated if you change to a more populated/skilled region. Think - queueing on korea server for better players and even games. Tradeoff is ping but the option is there. Lastly, the "+1 point / -49 point" games are really unfair and we will see some complaints on reddit from time to time.
don't worry, they'll have a option where you can pay 50 more gold to draft all golden cards.
Tab for WD stuff Tab for Wiz stuff Tab for Monk stuff Tab for Barb/Crus/DH stuff Tab for gems/jewels/mats etc Tab for nostalgic legacy gear (like old set/legendaries, unidentified hoplons, unidentified tradable ivory tower)
u can't queue as 4 but i meant if the challenger was solo qing
you'd be surprised. the famous highest mmr EU player has had games where he picks a support (Rubick), goes mid with it, and carries the game. he doesn't 1v5, but provides a decent amount of damage and insane amount of utility.
almost as much as level 1 ogre magi
took me too long to get this. i kept pronouncing it "Tworion" like "twirling"-&gt;"twirl-ion", like whirling zap o matic (also a mech 2 drop), and couldn't see the joke.
nyx is a skillshot hero. if i wanted to play skillshots i'd play league ^^kappa
BEEN FARMING THIS FOR SO LONG , NO DICE. BUT GOT AN ANCIENT TWISTED SWORD TO DROP, SWEET. ...MFW 128 (125-150) DAMAGE% ON PASSIVE ROLL.
for that set bonus that summons all companions, and the item that gives a bonus for each companion you have out
the best set to use ashbringer would be tal rasha/meteor build. since tal rasha multiplies all damage, that also multiplies the ashbringer effect, dealing insane damage! with 2 handers, meteor works wonders, since it hits harder and costs less AP over time.
question, does unstable not proc if you get 1 shot? so many times i die cuz of 1 shot but unstable was available
not bad, you even managed 15 kills that's impressive.
Is it solo queue and dynamic queue like they said yesterday? Or still dynamic queue and rank 5 teams?
eb has a 6 second cooldown and is awkward to use as primary damage dealer in sustained fights.
i love the enthusiasm every time he beats a high gr/ rank 1. even if it's early on and he'll have to do it again.
jeez, wand of woh and ancient deathwish, i'd rather be in your position honestly. IN-geom isn't absolutely necessary, it's just nice. you will do fine with using aether walker. your EB cooldown will not be reduced, but you can use other aoe skills like fire blizzard to complement. aether walker is of course more consistent since you won't be blocked by weak density.
glad ur enjoying it, i used it last season. this season i'm enjoying the wand of woh / ingeom wizard build. I did use tal/ingeom, skilling explosive blast in season 3 though so it's a similar experience, but with cube now, being able to cube nemesis and ingeom while equipping woh is an awesome touch. also disregard the comments about 'competitive'. if you look at profiles of all top players, they have 2 characters- one for pushing difficult GR's, one for speed farmings. yours is a farming build so the build is legit. BTW Soul harvest - +movement speed rune is probably better than armor.
link to said in-geom? if the passive is not 10s reduction, cube the ingeom then. for wizards you really want 10s reduction cuz teleport is on 11 sec cd. otherwise you can just do anything. you can cube wow, or choose not to, cube furnace, triumvirate, use explosive blast still, wave of force, or a regular build. ingeom is really just good for making teleport 1 second cd.
ive seen some tals builds on PTR that cubed vizier for a meteor build. you probably wouldn't want to wear vizier anymore now that theres such strong 1h/offhand abilities now. power hungry is a popular group passive now so maybe you can try Star Pact build.
not sure if ur searching hard (or easy) enough because my literal first search into youtube 'wizard energy twister' brings up a bunch https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wizard+energy+twister you can also add season 5 on there, or filter by last month. if you want a specific video, quin69's gr 80 clear was posted here yesterday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm_SNA6Tifo
this is the group build. quin's stream literally has that build streaming 99% of the time. it's braindead easy though, u just um, spam energy twister. you have infinite mana with power hungry/health globe support.
as lux main i actually prefer they leave lux as is. but sure go ahead and change anyone else, heh
50 newly designed heroes would make it in before pit lord
interesting that dmo is brought up. i felt that dmo is one of the most forgiving GR builds to exist, mainly due to the slow time giving so much utility against annoying shit. like enemies who shoot all these fireballs or arrows- dodging them is a ton easier.
thats why you never show them GR leaderboard vids. u show them speed farm builds. for thorns sader u show them a vid where you afk stand somewhere, anything that hits u gets 1 shotted. now that's appealing. hype it up like 'ok so theres this gg REFLECT DAMAGE build'
noz just needs a straight up rework.
i've seen this ability come up often and most of the time that ability is responded to threads like 'what card would cost 10 mana overload 10?" which is funny cuz in MTG taking extra turn only costs 5 mana. (used to cost 2 roflmao) and it's balanced at 5. (why? cuz in mtg you don't automatically gain a mana crystal per turn, you have to play it from your hand, so you can potentially gain a turn without doing shit and have a hand clogged with a 5 mana card. that and enemies can play stuff during your turn)
no, because it costs 4 mana. if keeper was a 3 mana 3/3 it would be way too strong but it's fine as is.
he could have rebirthed so checking hours is inaccurate now
burst priest is really a thing? stood out to me
no. if you have seen previous seasons, 4 man groups has ALWAYS been 3 support + 1 dps. Wizard is literally the first time to be that dps. in the past it's usually DH or barb.
dat only 1 gold ironbark though
&gt; Shamans hero power is awful. 2/4 totems (flame so ur saying paladin's hero power is worse. (esp in decks without quartermaster). funny thing is i've seen shamans pick paladin hero power on sir finley.
i would much rather have a map counterspelled than a big useful spell (like swipe, flamestrike, brawl etc)
i might be in the minority but a quick way to help this problem is - remove elemental roll on bracer. i kind of hate to pidgeon hole to always roll elemental on bracer, then have a ton of bracers for each element of each bracer depending on build (slight exaggeration but point still stands)
only complaint is set dungeons and wished fire/lightning arcane orb runes got a little love stash space (only 1 tab) on conqueror is kinda annoying, if it was a full stash (5 tabs) then it'd be fine everything else is solid
frozen orb is viable. only issue is with the new Unstable Scepter, frozen orb and scorching orb both don't benefit as much from the double explosion, because those runes explode at the end of the travel path, not at mouse cursor, so you don't always get the benefit of the explode that being said i still use it a fair amount personally for fun. it's not as quick as Woh builds but it's not terrible and still fun
increased atk speed affects my Mammoth Hydra damage, or firebird burn damage. -yes Does a 1.0 speed weapon with 200 damage cause as much damage with firebird burn as a 2.0 speed weapon with 100 damage? -firebird burn is based on damage dealt, weapon speed is irrelevant. however a slower weapon will do more damage if casting an aoe like blizzard. faster weapon will not cause blizzard to tick faster. Do blizzard aoes stack? Which aoe does stack? -no. mammoth hydra stacks. How many times does an arcane orb "hit" with the different runes? Does lightning hit three times? (1. air zappies, 2. hitting things with the orb, 3. final orb explosion) -air zaps hit everything around it, functions similar to frozen orb, it's really just a fancy aoe spell. lightning rune has no extra 'hitting things with orb' counter part, only the explosion. so overall answer is: arcane orbs only hit once, the other runes hit twice (during travel, and explosion). despite that, the arcane runes are actually the best with unstable scepter though. When channeling with disintegrate, will your arcane power run out faster with a faster weapon? Does this mean slower weapons are better for it? -yes. that being said, this season you should still use deathwish/twisted sword with heregraph's binding. but if you're just starting any 2h will do.
you kind of answered your own question. if you are clearing 76 with shitty rifts, then you can clear 80+ with good ones. You can also add the caldesann's despairs for more main stat. if you want advice, then i suggest you pray to RNGesus, just like as if you were playing hearthstone
5 mana 5/5, divine shield. whenever baneslayer deals damage, gain that much life. Immune to dragons.
just tried mine, worked fine. 4 verified players unrelated, but on 'other players' mine came up as first.
it's not bad per se, but undertuned. once upon a time on PTR, firebird was wildly overpowerd, capable of GR 95+ the stats were: +100% per white enemy burning, +1500% for each elite burning. now it's +25% per white enemy and +600% per elite, to 1 max.
so why do people play 1 more than 2 similarly, how come more people play maplestory 1 more than 2
invoker, dp, spectre, aether lens OP. fuck iron talon, legion commander, invoker heroes that can't high ground are bad, (e.g. QOP) even if you go 10-0 doesn't mean u won the game sf, qop pick rate fell off a cliff
i spent 15k shards trying to gamble an alt wiz source using my WD main few seasons ago. None of them were legendary. At first i thought i was super unlucky but i think it was just a bug ( i believe it's fixed now) edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Diablo/comments/26celc/has_anyone_gambled_a/ got called 'retarded' for attempting this as well. thought it was rude since alot of people gamble for other characters, not having to switch can help save time in speed runs
i do this all the time even without using shift click
" This means 40% of every person who played an online video game on the entire planet played L1. " i actually find this hard to believe. i know alot more people who played wow than L1. even if 99% of koreans played l1 korea isn't a large country.
having farmed for deaths breaths a ton it's actually like this. without sages set, deaths breath run out slightly faster than other mats. with sages set, the other mats (mainly whites) run out faster than death breath. source: upgraded about 200 wands, 36 regular unstable scepters, 37th one was ancient. An ancient wand of woh dropped for me before obtaining ancient unstable scepter.
diana so few skins
Jokes on you. my arena run was going to be 0-3 but keeper gave me 3 extra wins
random question, can you queue with unranked friends who have plat+ elo/was plat last season but now doing placements?
not to be rude but when i first learned about API the wiki entry was the worst possible explanation of what an API is for someone unfamiliar with the term. which is ironic cuz wiki is usually really good. ELI5: api is just a way to get data that contains stats. stats like your match history, rank, collection, best arena key, etc. /u/fedorascope
Shield - Shield of infinite depth. +Primary roll +100% damage to fan of knives. Each enemy hit by fan of knives increases your damage by 5% and increases your damage reduction by 15%. Stacks up to 4 times.
&gt; only 2 weeks into a season? this is average/standard. me and my friends get really hyped up every season, and splurge play for about 1-2 weeks, then finish. 2 weeks is enough to play 99% of the season's content - get mostly ancients, leaderboards rank 900-1000, season journey etc.
idc i love the modern casts. they're hilarious. throwback to the 2 legendary starcraft2 casters artosis and tasteless, they were widely heralded as the best casting duo because not only were they great analytically, they had good skill in fillers, which included private stories/jokes and such
used to pronounce abaddon ABA-don, but it's actually aBADdun.
golden thoughsteal is the only good golden i pulled in the past 3 months, awesome value card in golden.
is it not possible to get 2 of the same golden in a ranked reward chest?
what happened to Darnassus Aspirant inclusion in druid? Upon release it was hyped to be better than wild growth and often u run both, but now it's getting cut. why is that the case?
but i thought the consensus was priest shits on zoo and aggro decks
woah how did light in the darkness get 78 at first. it's considerably worse than raven idol and journey below. Call of the wild should be 200 kappa.
Yeah like why does adc role have to be ranged marksman anyway? Why can't it be any carry with a support, say like Yasuo.
INB4 CHINA DUMPSTERED AT MAJOR AGAIN. WINGS LAST PLACR
sometimes in arena u need a removal and a 8 mana deadly shot ends up getting the job done. i would still play it over boogeymonster.
why is it lorestalker, not lorewalker?
yea xcept u have to play against w33 and misery though
expected redemption on the weblord, bringing it back, so he can't play the crab for 1 mana
did u just rage quit in a 4v4 cuz the cc wasn't centered yet you centered it immediately?
dude man i literally lost a game last week cuz i thought darkshire would buff 1 health murlocs with a warleader on a board, nope i was wrong. got wrecked.
the deaths come from solo pushing overextending and dying to gank. then rinse and repeat. he'll trade 3 lives for a tower.
kripp: "shoudla played doomcaller" when enemy just dropped a secret. iono man mirror entity wulda been throwing the game there so it's a tough call on that play.
im just surprised they let that map with the real clear juke spots thru.
random question - does the existance of boosters make the ladder overall harder or easier? alternate wording - if suddenly all boosters would disappear, would an average person's rank go up? (or down?)
if shatter was 1 mana like execute then k
uhh yshaarj was 2 turns late, far from best circumstances. if that was his first play after astral it would be unstoppable.
ah okays. so its different than Thing from Below which stays at 0
also by blizzard, diablo 3 is my favorite gambling game; game is literally playing slot machines over and over. hearthstone is big RNG, but not the basis of the entire game like D3 is. you might wanna give d3 a shot too
this is the only way to not have to wait 3 hours for a game; matchmaking has to widen the pool of players while keeping average mmr the same. in dota it's the same way. As you climb higher and higher, after a certain point, your opponents don't get any more difficult, you get the same opponents with weaker teammates. For example- if you are a 6k mmr player, you can have an even game - 10 6k mmr players. If you are 8k mmr, you will have 4 5.5k mmr teammates, against a team of 6k players. If you are 9k, you will have 4 5k mmr teammates. (In league terms, if you are a Challenger 0 LP player, you will get a mix of low challenger and high master players. If you are a challenger 1300 LP player, you will still face a mix of challenger/master players, but have diamond teammates) no matter how big the playerbase is, at a certain percentile, this issue will always exist and cannot be solved. The price for being too damn good at the game.
maybe he's better now, but back when navi was high, there have been reddit posts on how dendi was really toxic in pubs.
slacks: "so twitch chat giving you energy works" dendi: "it REALLY works!! :D"
saw this gif but first time seeing the sub zero edit, im IN TEARS
u can always turn to warrior for control (or even shaman , see t4 deck lol)
same lol but i dont feel too bad because i know cards like nzoth, light rag, forbidden healing are not bad cards on their own so they will definitely be used down the road.
more like bane of doom imo, 1-9 mana swing (back when it was played for the chance of getting Malganis)
note that this statistic is really impressive for dota too, in the past it's around 60-80 picked instead of 90, so the balance is great right now. i think the toughest part about balancing is balancing for pubs versus pro play. There are many heroes that are just low elo stompers (think Amumu, Volibear etc) but aren't used in pro play. ok so then you say, why not just balance for pro play only? well then, the majority of the playerbase gets stuck with a hero pool with outlier win rates that can be in the 30%s because they are too good in pro play and people don't like that. (I believe Ryze had around 40% win rate when he was picked in pro play last year) Dota has a few heroes that have really low win rates that are used in pro play extensively (such as Io/wisp[35% winrate, top pick in competitive], batrider, chen), but i would say the amount of heroes in this catagory is fairly low so it doesn't disrupt pub play much. The fine line in balance is being able to balance for both pro and pub play (so steps like when they made Ryze easier to play for your average joe, but harder for pros is a step in the right direction) Ok how about the pub stompers that suck in competitive? Any time a hero reaches 55% win rate it becomes permabanned and complained about. This one is really tough too - you can make the hero harder to play perhaps, but more importantly make sure their kit isn't oppressive. Dota has 2 heroes at ~60% win rate pub, both aren't played much competitively nor high pick rate in pub, due to the nature of their kit (they are healing type heroes, but not as oppressive as soraka)
way too light on 2 drops, if you're forced to hero power on turn 2 it's a big disadvantage in arena
in case you're curious what Zed does - he is a very high skill cap hero with high outplay potential. He has two straight forward nukes, one in a line (Magnus shockwave), and one around you (QOP scream). He has 'summon shadow' like ember spirit, where you can teleport to it. The shadow also copies your abilities (popular suggestion for Ember aghs), so if you make a shadow and press nuke, you will get two nukes. His ult is like a single target Shadow demon amplify damage + blink strike - target a unit, teleport to it, takes extra damage at the end of the duration. The ult also makes a shadow so the point is you can ult, unload all your shit, and bone out.
only thing unsatisfying is the elites always live, they are so hard to kill
its funny cuz his mechanics aren't even top tier. he actually gets caught out alot.
opposite for me, too many teammates are overeager to "END" when you can't really end, enemies spawning in 10 sec. i say 'b' but they want to try to end, team gets wiped, lose game.
this was silver 1 initially, but won its best of 5 series promo
rubick half hero damage of jugg seemsGood
which is ironic. on my friends list, my highest elo friends who smurfed a silver account climbed the fastest playing support (went from silver to plat in a week with high win rate).
more like fizz got tamed, which is great
but i want to be able to micro my afk hero and play a 4.5 vs 5 like dota (random fun fact: recent professional dota game a teammate (support) dc'd permanently and the mid player controlled the support player's hero as well as his own and went on to win the game)
it's still a strong play. just started an EU account and played basic druid/mage to rank 10 and innervate yeti still puts a roadblock against shaman.
&gt; I would rather lose in the qualifiers than show up at TI and not place well. this applies to them cuz they already won alot of $. but for those who actually really want $, placing last at TI still gives you a good sum.
mfw no OG best game highlights
Actually a tier 1 team (probably best team in the world right now, they just won a major which is like LCS split), but a tier 2 tournament. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egDApgPhLyM
See, the trick is to not say "we need tank" but to say "pick tanky". Adding an extra "y" goes a long way. There isn't a strict tank in dota but "tanky" implies durable, frontliner, so heroes like Axe, Bristleback, and Tide are examples. Condesending aside, "we need tank" is actually a legitimate drafting concern. If you look at professional drafts, all teams have some kind of frontliner/durable hero, usually an initiator, like said heroes above. "Buy a mek, that's your tank" is very ignorant.
can't tell if that's a sona nerf or buff seems like the q is alot weaker though
phoenix literally a phoenix wp
hate the imgur 'horizontal' view, have to manually remove horizontal from the url, is there a reason why the links have horizontal in them and not just the default url? edit: (Neutral legendary) the hero power one woulda been funnier if it was 'replace your hero power with a shittier one" , costs 2 mana for a weaker effect, but better stats on the body. (Mage) polymorph staff is my favorite (mage) fyi boom's goon - 0 damage to all enemies will not do 1 damage with +1 from spellpower. it does not work on spells that do 0 damage. (an example is shield slam with 0 damage will not do 1 damage with a thalnos) (Rogue) Forbidden technique for 0 mana, into forbidden technique into forbidden technique.... top kek. Also reminds me of that brawl that casts random spell, 9 cost is guaranteed tree of life (as of now). (Rogue) Goblins gambit, literally "accumulated knowledge" from MTG
been awhile since i've seen a decklist where every card is a 2-of
has it always been this way, or a recent change?
unless this was fixed it hasn't been the case always. https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/24kvvk/interesting_interaction_of_shield_slam_and_spell/
did you get hooked on purpose?
t9 was really good the first season t10 was introduced, as most builds were at the power level where 9 was more efficient than 10.
while true, we shall see as Miracle debuted after last years TI, so he hasnt had a chance to win one yet. But i will damn sure be rooting for him to win it.
overwatch will likely decline a bit until ranked comes out, then people will start tryharding on the game
i wonder if more people suicide due to being lonely bachelors, or due to having lost a loved one
thanks for sharing, good on you for that. as others have said, thats ALOT OF shit coming out from you. no specific line or 2 is 10/10 toxic (like wishing cancer or w/e) but it's just so much medium 'why didnt u this why didnt u that etc" which is stuff that people don't need to hear. if anyone ever asks "why did u x, or why didn't u x" the answer is this: https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4obiwg/w33haa_lotus_sphered_an_am_who_got_omnislashed/d4bp7wi
"Despite his enthusiasm, I rejected his application without giving him a chance in-game." shoulda just 1v1 mid'd him and say if you can beat me once in 3 games ill consider you, then proceed to stomp his ass. (well but if he does beat you it could be an eye opener)
is it the organization that's banned, or the players? what if ewolves has a completely different roster, would they be unable to compete? or if its player specific, he wouldnt be able to compete no matter what team he joins?
golden master of evolution, damn nice pull!
funny that it's "creep" not "minion" , yet in LoL people still use "CS" as your last hit term, which is short for "Creep Stats"
well they directly invited navi to guarantee them in in that difficult EU qualifiers. whereas fnatic didn't et invite but its like 99% sure they will win the qualifiers, that's the best way to get both navi and fantic in.
Alot of priest cards are just unfun to play against. Not just hearthstone, but many games has mechanics that feel oppressive or unfun to play against, so the best temporary solution is to make sure the power level isn't high.
and here i am, getting regular common card at 6 wins. salt intensifies.
Dont think so. Tempostorm is a recap of the meta, it doesn't predict what the meta will be like later. If that was really the case, the tier list would never change because people just play what's at tier 1.
somehow the yogg that casts pyro on his own face for lethal, as the very first spell, had me in tears
last one is like, summon a random horde warrior. i wonder if they could update that to include like, bloodhoof brave or something
&gt; in sacrificing value/curve *tempo/curve. you sacrifice the tempo/curve for the value gained in the synergy.
"soon"? its pretty much already the case. except truesilver "100% turn 4 play"
&gt; "replay every spell you played this game." there are cards in MTG that had similar mechanic and they all ended up being broken and banned from competitive play.
he isn't trying to win, he's just trying to get a big nzoth play. i do this also, with both yogg and nzoth, i can lethal him, or i can drop a huge yogg or huge (golden) nzoth and feel great.
same
Burning support pogChamp
it should be pretty clear - the dc needs to happen before first blood for remake to work. if someone is dc at the start of the game til 3 minutes, no matter what happens it should allow a remake.
im fairly satisfied with my results, putting OG winner , miracle for player record (didnt get much for that) but MVP for team records (this went well)
eh. i'd actually say they looked pretty shaky against some of those low tier teams. what should have been 32-2 stomps ended up very close.
Burgle on a stick, for any class
blizzard wont buff illidan. they will only make cards that indirectly make illidan better, like Steward of Darkshire already, or a new card like: Steward of Big Game: When you summon a 7 attack minion, give it divine shield. Big Game Goblin: When you summon a 7 attack minion, give it +2/+2. Illigoblin: When you summon a legendary 7/5 minion, give it +2/+2 and win the game. ^^inb4buff2yogg
you don't "find time" to game in college. you game, and if you have time, maybe do your homework.
is it confirmed he's the first? or just first to say it
eg able to pick wisp alone gives them an advantage they didnt have before
i knew an all common deck was possible to get to legend, but didn't expect it to be warrior! thought it would be mage/paladin.
f2p is alot different than 'no rares+" requirement. f2p is just a new fresh account and whichever cards you open you can put them in, barring legendaries perhaps. this ends up decks that are 90% close to net decks since you can still use rares.
&gt; And I didn't even get it. so then the logical step is to put more money that would go toward your car, into obtaining the immortal.
that part i didn't get, whats this a reference to?
E-Lab ti6 champions
teams doing pretty well without him 4Head
opened one on a new account and replaced a boulderfist ogre with it. it's surprisingly decent and is probably better than the ogre 60% of the time.
&gt; They have to make some kind of case-by-case examination/exception to the rule. this would just cause all sorts of drama, which is pretty bad for the players and the organization. (but good for reddit obviously)
am i missing something here? how can he get a 6 man ult when the enemy only has 5 people?
rofl try valve devs
it's kind of a gray area but it's more considered removal than not. Would you consider Mulch a removal spell? they still 'draw' a creature card. sap is comparable except they 'draw' the same creature you removed.
&gt; "freeze an enemy minion and overload your opponent for its mana cost" would you consider that removal? absolutely, that would be a damn good card against vanilla creatures, better than sap as you force them to pay its mana cost (not even giving them the option to play something else). May as well read "Your opponent loses his next turn"
it's honestly not THAT bad. Medusa is one of the few heroes that gets maximum value out of ultimate orb (gets benefit out of agility, str-HP, AND int for the mana pool-HP) which is why ultimate orb items are generally recommended. at the end of the day what build you go depends on your team comp. if you have plenty of damage and you need to tank up, then ultimate orb is a great path. otherwise if ur team actually needs damage, then you can go raw damage.
numbers always matter. what if it gave +200? at 25, getting back to lane is about 1.5-2 seconds faster per drake which is pretty good just in that regard, plus the roaming potential. Fire is still the best, but cloud is at least as good as the other 2 now.
Eh it's less of like Dark Rift and more like an AOE KOTL recall. Dark rift you cast a portal at target place and you and nearby allies walk thru to that destination (so dark rift is more like Tahm Kench). This is the reverse.
does blitz get picked in pro play? not sure if i have seen him
Era getting PTSD from alliance comeback against NiP last year. vod of comeback https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Hh3BXwgBw
Yes KOTL, not Archmage. Archmage teleports nearby units including himself to target destination, which is the same mechanic as Dark Rift and Tahm Kench (And mothership core from sc2).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Hh3BXwgBw
that's why mana tide is the actual best drop. it's the highest cost mana wise, and refills your hand even if they die.
not sure why downvoted so early, but if i had to guess, it's because you're using imageshack. imageshack is a huge turnoff. great achievement nonetheless.
i'm pretty sure u would not want this card to be top tier, has alot of frustration potential. It's arguably alot better than Blessed Champion.
hell no i'm so glad that card is gone, it's too unfair against classes without reach (like paladin/priest), but i guess it's fine for hunter/mages.
eh i think it's fine. most of those runes were the best rune anyway, for solo too, so it brings the power level in line with other runes. They can always tweak the class's power level later on if some got the short end of the stick.
what did you reroll for the 10%? attack speed is a subpar stat for torch, better to keep vit/area damage/cdr.
was very unhappy as an epic since it's not a card with a wacky niche ability like an epic should have. at the time i said i'm not crafting 2 of these, but if i open 1 then ill craft the other. opened 1 a week later so i crafted the 2nd, then opened a golden one for the end of month reward. worth.
ur right, however timber received huge buff in 6.87, namely reactive armor scaling up alot more than before (1.6 armor per stack at level 4 instead of 1, that's 60% more armor bonus which is nuts)
i don't think you understand. valve doesn't have infinite man power. say they decide to make a crazy rubick arcana that has special effects for 500 spells. that'll take time away from other things (new heroes maybe? or whatever). And if they dont' take time to make a crazy arcana then it won't be so glorious anyway.
it's fine on profile. just not have it in the web API, dont want people seeing it on op.gg/lolnexus match checks
lol wow the entire sub is just 4 mana 7/7
that 0 hits home too hard. it's always like a nice hot streak of 7's then suddenly, 0.
more likely that they are just backfilling the people who had left the d3 team. as awesome as a new d3 game would be, just regular improvements to d3 itself would be just as good.
yea, and if they have to cut some time out, then rather cut like 1 whole day but extend the hours of the rest. say, if monday is the slowest day, disable ranked 5's on monday completely, then have more hours on Tues-Sun.
which is better than Starcraft2's, because sc2 doesn't even have a reconnect. u disconnect and ur out.
mfw diablo team has more insights videos than hearthstone does in the past few months
Inb4 3-3
Freeze any amount of other minions you control. if the combined attack of those minions equals at least 6, this minion can attack.
Was looking for this thanks. Will also finally craft him
Sooo for those wondering "why am i seeing standard decks in wild?" the answer is, the best wild decks are composed of 99% standard cards.
Grats. Always good to see "insane" decks actually get the 12 wins, instead of just busting out early.
why not both?
Tl;dr All data is inaccurate because blizzard doesn't have api and release their data so we have to try to formulate the data in a 'ghetto' fashion. And i didn't mean to take stabs at VS. "All the fibers in my body want to take the VS reddit post line by line and make a counter to it, but that's pointless because I insitgated this in the first place and that's my fault, and benefits noone" anyway yeah it's been really annoying for so so long that blizzard has NO api, statistics, a simple VIEW PROFILE with ur matchup stats etc yet
what, you *don't* buy bns items over food/clothes?!
It's on our radar kappa or "It's something we want to do!!!!"
didn't crash for me, on chrome
said noone ever
necro is actually one of the slowest dungeons in the game, but mainly due to ton of downtime. pure time wise necro is terrible and a must skip but excellent if you can do other things meanwhile like playing hearthstone
thank god they god rid of those eyebrows. though it was hilarious how eyebrows of that proportion even made it in in the first place
yea i want something better. maybe a 1 drop that snowballs?
I say give it a shot. I've played almost every deck and jade rogue is still the most fun to play and posts satisfactory win rates. When i finished all my quests I just queue jade rogue.
thought this was a pasta until i saw the edit
This reminds me of a joke card that was called something like "Insanely slow card with cool ability" and it was like a 10 mana 15/15 with like: 5 turns later summon 5 10/10's and win the game.
Needs an option for both.
overpowered healing 1 drops kappa 1 mana 0/4 taunt whenever a character hits this minion, destroy it at the end of your turn, heal your hero for 4
Likely not but if they were to it would be some medium power level cards for janky fringe decks, like Ethereal peddler and Purify
shoulda gave you a 4/4 when you dusted him
plot twist, duplicates is coded as exactly 2-of, so having 6 copies satisfies the reno condition
if you give people real incentive to play wild then it'll just be pre-standard standard; just full of optimized cancer decks
this doesn't make any sense since the "other stuff" you're crafting... if you had opened it in golden, would have been perfect so no need to craft it anymore. so it's just a 'free' upgrade.
i literally thought of this too, but man, sc1 graphics is so much worse compared to sc2, whereas Melee looks alot better in comparison i actually liked brawl though feelsbadman, but i can understand why people liked melee more (i loved melee too)
this was my first golden and to respect it i put it in every single deck i had, post nerf too. isn't a half bad card when the rest of my cards are mostly basic. i particularly enjoyed putting blessing of kings on it for a 4/8 minion that slaps minions around. "howdy"
You don't want more people to come to wild. if you give people real incentive to play wild then it'll just be pre-standard standard; just full of optimized cancer decks
Same outcome, both players have 0 damage in the deck therefore noone has any damage still.
&gt; My idea of a card game is that you sit opposite a buddy with your collections and then play a strategic game. ha. having played real life Magic a ton growing up, aggro decks are the most welcome type of deck. People actually hate control the most, cuz control doesn't let you do things (counterspell your stuff, remove all your board etc), and combo decks just OTK you out of nowhere if they get the right draw. I had a competitive Blue/White control deck back in the day but my friends hated playing against it so much i ended up just taking it apart. it was only one of the few decks that i actually retired.
Deathrattles tend to stick, i mean, that's kind of the inherent property of deathrattles, they stick because the enemy doesn't want to kill them usually. So dropping rivendare then trading the deathrattles off isn't uncommon at all. but yea, the 1/7 statline is pretty bad overall. sometimes you just need a body (say, versus aggro) and have no time for value shenanigans and a 1/7 for 4 isn't gunna do jack shit compared to a 2/4 for 3.
i feel like your post is a reflection of why they removed "red mana crystals"; they will likely revisit the mechanic with a much different name. the name's hella misleading, it has nothing to do with mana crystals. it's just a counter for the player. The mechanic simplified is literally just "give yourself a ruby counter. card: if u have 3 ruby counters do x". There's alot of cards in MTG that use that mechanic. Thing is the way it plays out ends up so similar to goons and jade anyway. jade is like essentially adding a counter to yourself too, and buffs future jades based on # of counters. goons is putting stat counters on ones in ur hand to play later. so they scrapped it this expansion. Not to mention required tech to display # of ruby counters u have.
better put in 2 earth shocks now kappa
400 PARAGON? LITERALLY 1 DAY OF PLAYTIME.
oh, the guy who looks like tidesoftime kappa
"that's my build order" a nice touch a la starcraft
yup, shaman's identity IS it can do everything. that's why it's hard to balance. either it can do everything poorly, or everything too well.
mfw paladin has access to pirate package via lights justice and argent lance and isn't competitive
it was reviewing don hancho though, and at that time i dont think smalltime/patches were revealed yet
wow that wordcloud is really something. https://www.opendota.com/players/64943367/wordcloud mines.... so... simple
No such thing
3 talonpriest + autofill = 12 win deck
Yup pretty much this. Reno decks are so flexible you can tech against aggro if that's all you're facing, or get more infuriated losing to aggro than jade. Like you can literally insert shit like bartender, pompeous thespian, tentacle 2/4 taunt, voodoo doctor, gadgetzan socialite, Elven archer and cut high cost shit just to improve aggro matchup The real issue is more of the Rock Paper Scissors nature of the game though
basic question, but does this actually improve the total gold awarded by the game, or is the total gold the same, the distribution is just different?
really love the mulligan chart. one thing guides often don't go into detail enough is exact mulligans and you made a nice picture chart for it. didn't know to keep auctioneer vs druid/warlock but it makes sense.
expected hit the 4/2 into mortal strike
by that logic, people should think it's funny when it happens in those esports tournaments. (I do, it's one of the funniest things about watching them, watching their reactions)
that savjz thumbnail though
one of my favs from MTG: http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=185712
So if i'm at awakened scorpio, i should upgrade to true scorpio before salvaging it? it seems that way, since that legacy chest contains alot of mats. edit: nvm just did comparison, not worth.
so hard. keep losing on round 3 LUL edit: got to round 13 after being round 3, round 3 is definitely the hardest before 13
Pretty misleading title. I was expecting golden set since that's a real achievement (does anyone have this yet? kripp is close i think but im not sure how many people whales harder than him)
That guy says "not nearly enough to craft every golden card" so no
Sunwalker isn't in the basic warlock deck, how did he get it?
most sigs is just either 1) dotabuff statistics for highest win rate heroes with a low sample size, e.g. Luna - 90% win rate, wins: 9, loss: 1 Techies - 100% win rate, wins: 2, loss: 0 2) anime
Found roach boy's Reddit account
Wow. asura necklace seems insanely good. Additional damage stat is useless, so getting 740 crit instead of additional damage is a huge boost.
Don't you mean draft in mtg? in draft you pick cards so its alot easier to go for synergy than sealed. sealed is actually closer to HS arena since you just open packs and use what u have. the closest shortterm solution for HS arena is draft x more cards than 30 and choose 30 to actually go into the deck.
&gt; not sure if it fits the HS style too well "ALL MINIONS" will always fit HS style
Well, holy wrath does 3 @ 4 mana, starfire does 5 @ 6 mana, so holy wrath averging 4 damage would put it on par with the power level of mentioned. except those two cards aren't good so it's definitely got to do 5+ damage average for decent value. in any case you're almost only using that shit for jackpot on face so if it doesn't do 25, doing 1 dmg or 5 dmg doesn't matter in most cases.
damn, nice score doing it justice, grats
worst is recruiting after winter mane dies in storage
Real pizzazz you say? Yogg's power - whenever you cast a spell, cast amount of random spells for each spell you cast this game. C'thun's power: whenever you play a minion, shoot a missile for each minion you summoned this game Yshaarj's power: at the end of your turn, put a minion from your deck onto the battlefield N'zoth's power: summon all friendly deathrattle minions that died this game
Don't have an exact list but will be easy to create since the pool is so small, just use all the best cards, such as 2x fireball, yeti, boulderfist, flamestrike, frostbolt, water elemental, mirror image, missles, intellect, polymorph, ooze, senjin, novice engineer. 1 arcane explosion is decent tech if ur running into alot of aggro. Gurubashi, nightblade, archmage are also fairly decent in mage. Firelands portal is also free to everyone. Think of it like a high quality arena deck.
nice. i missed out on granblue sleeves for rune and dragon because i didn't touch those classes at that time. but now i play every class so these fill the gap for sleeves for rune/dragon. i wonder if one day we could get animated sleeves... slight complaint i wish the "upcoming card pack" reward came earlier, swapping places with the TOTG packs but oh well
Light in the darkness cries in a corner D:
buying this due to their generosity. think i already spent more on sv than on HS despite them giving out so much for free, felt better to support cygames.
worked for me. i was annoyed that they dont announce sales ahead of time, cuz i just bought a $40 pack yesterday and would have loved to buy this instead. but since they will give so much free stuff then fine ill just shell out another 80.
almost every card in the game. better question is which terrible card would still not see play at 1 mana less.
He is correct. It's a 33% discount, but you are getting 50% more. anytime you get 50% more for the same price, that's equivalent of a 33% discount. similar example, if you are getting double (or 100% more) for the same price, that's equivalent of a 50% discount.
Have you played HS? I would estimate AA1 is equivalent to Rank 5. Starting from AA0 is when the game starts to give you some friction (some days you may lose more games than you win), so getting to AA1 is something you can feel good about as an initial milestone. A0 is still great so just keep at it. Oh and percentile% would just be horribly inaccurate since there are far too many accounts that just login and collect daily bonus, without playing or just sits at beginner/D.
HS covers a wide range of archetypes and so does sv so most decks will play out SOMEHOW to a standard archetype, but with different cards/abilities. If i had to name a few deck mechanics that stand out from HS it would be- Storm haven, the deck relies on delayed minions which isn't something HS has (yet, shade of nax was kinda close), and Earth rite rune craft, which uses a secondary resource to boost card abilities. Perhaps Vengeance blood, which is like getting your health low to gain benefit like Handlock, but is an aggressive deck not a control deck.
It's not lucky if you call it first.
was tame until like 80% of the way (i was thinking, i've seen/experienced worse) then after that, shit just got real
It's a strong effect but way overcosted, but likely costed so that you can't break it easily. (I Mean, the HS card of the same effect costs a measly 1 mana, not 4) hell even sage commander you pay 2 more and get a 5/6 body to come with it.
pretty sure internally they're simulating tests of 1 million dust extra accounts pressing the button and testing stability.
This is actually my most hated card in this game. Such game deciding RNG. I would have rather it killed the strongest minion and it costed 5. Power level of this card is nuts and adds to the unfun aspect of playing against haven. Even worse that storm haven runs it too.
where is this sound played in the game?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uwLR-BWwwk
i feel like they improved WL and KFM ai. they used to be free wins but now they're super hard ughhh. On the bright side FM got alot easier, but overall TOI got harder. I think sin got harder too.
Balor has some good stats on paper but in practice dosen't play out well due to anti-synergy with his kit. With enemy bane, you're going to trade in small minions to take him out, so his last words will either hit nothing, or a large minion of yours, making it difficult to get value out of his last words. He also has low attack value and no ward, meaning most aggressive decks just ignore him and go face.
&gt; The Three Trump Knights of course they had to make Muster for Call of the Wild for shadowverse. looking forward to getting wrecked by this.
Filup Cat A tier scrub confirmed. jk haha
The face fits surprisingly well. But actually, nothing changes with Grimnir. he is auto include in every deck now, and still will in the future with neutralcraft. forever will our deck size be reduced by 2-3 due to having to include grimnir in every deck.
left reminds me of Dark Dragoon Forte (from granblue/shadowverse)
in that case it's likely an alt/troll, he did a good job though.
&gt; Quests that target a very specific enemy that is always paired up with another enemy you cannot avoid. out of all this one is the most annoying. could just be way more straightforward like grimhorn where u just kill x generic mob. i think they did this to discourage farming in a party though. that way solo players aren't left out. but if to encourage solo i would rather have more mobs in an instance, like those mini dungeons. forces solo.
nice writeup. ironic that u got masters with vania and vania flair, but blood is ur least used class.
really nice art and animation. It's an ability hate card which is reminiscent of these types of cards in MTG like Damping Matrix. of course they had to be extra careful with it so they locked the ability behind an evolve to start.
with lightning blast gone u can even get 5 face damage in while getting a trade with bahamut
So far, not a fan, but I can see it working out. I reckon the inspiration draws from artifact type decks in MTG which have been pretty successful so they wanted to emulate that type of gameplay here.
Alucard literally has a woman's face. the emblem looks like a woman. u wouldn't know he's a dude until us aw the full art with his bare chest.
i actually surprisingly don't see that much rabbit in my enemy's shadow decks. it's a really good card, but i guess shadow is so stacked full of good cards even rabbit has to be cut.
https://shadowverse.gamepress.gg/card/grave-desecration reminder that this is a card that was printed in the same set as Eachtar
the question is how big is the bunny in the first place
star player in my fairy cage deck
cerb on 5 followed by 6/7? cerb vanilla 3/3 confirmed 0/10 t5 play.
https://youtu.be/VNJMG1ZCoMM?t=5m21s
it's pretty bad but i end up playing for free most of the time due to all the free tickets. so whatever i just play for fun. it's kind of like tavern brawl in HS. not balanced, huge bombs, free entry, free pack.
it's kind of like Hemet Jungle Hunter
sister initiate not worth using?
they overtuned glyph and arcanologist on purpose due to flamewanker rotating out
Do one that cost a % of your first year's salary.
that's about ~250-300g worth. or 3 ginsengs
3rd movement is my favorite. i hardly play classical anymore but when i do, i just play 3rd movement pathetique.
will DKV and MSP be 12 man also or those stay 24?
it's likely ok. It's a garbage topdeck when reach damage is important, and early game bringing enemy from 20 to 10 isn't as impactful if you lose board control. i'd imagine more often than not it'll just be used as a removal.
I don't dust anything, but if you were to dust something, a 3rd mythril golem would easily be at the top of the list. I find it difficult to slot in 1-2 golems, let alone 3. the card's just so expensive.
that Meme Buff haven list caught my eye. no way that shits remotely competitive wow but if it is that'll be something i'm going to try immediately
oh shit it makes it stage 10? that might be worth looking into. saves me a buncha stones of wisdoms and such
why was the yogg green/has charge?
that shadowcraft silver 2/2 forgot the name edit: usher of styx https://twitter.com/shadowversegame/status/873011856134201344/photo/1
i'd expect stories to come out indefinitely. the story is extremely open ended and they can take it any direction they want. like off the top of my head u can have leading up to liberation, then liberation, then some shit happens and everything resets or alternate dimension. then they can just make some new arc that starts from there. just that synopsis alone could take years of content to fill in.
always this argument but why not both? redundancy is good. i would def run both.
good but i prefer overall, 1 or 2 legendaries aside, that legendaries aren't cards that u just "gatta have 3 of". i prefer them to be cards that u could have 1 is fine. ouroboros is kinda a good example, dont HAVE to have 3, but u can. but 1 is also great too. but shit like that new haven legendary (2 drop i think? snow white) looks to be it might be a 3-of. middle ground are cards that are 3-of only in a respective deck, such as belphegor. that's ok i suppose since not having them doesn't gimp ur ability to play the class. On the other hand, Ancient Elf is not a good card at legendary, wish it was a gold instead.
-blizzard prints a card whos intention is to give charge to minions only, emphasizing board control and trading. -is only used by decks that cheat it out, bypassing the mecahnic
link/vod?
hopefully that makes them easier in toi
shadow legendary reminds me of Sherazin, corpse flower from HS. (or vengevine from MTG). ressurects itself via playing cards/cards in graveyard. neat mechanic but on paper it seems a bit underpowered but u can never underestimate it.
i play alot of jade rogue and while it does get destroyed by aggro, especially pirates, it definitely wins control matchups, with a disgusting win rate versus slow warrior. vs jade druid is about 50 50.
the art on princess kiss is so sweet, i hope i get an animated one also seems like a really strong card too. can't wait to use it on undying carrot.
i don't mind them but i dont like them at legendary. i prefer legendary to have weird effect instead of statsticks, unless the class is sword or dragon.
White Rabbit at bronze? Oh man I better get an animated one. Looks really playable too. That art is far too good to NOT include in a deck.
&gt;Secret Swordsman Ginrei. ayy we got first strike
dude i love this batch. the things i look forward to the most are quality bronze/silvers and it's looking pretty damn nice so far.
&gt;Deathtouch, Poisonous, Bane
wow that cards $6. didn't expect that from a card that is like, board control based. probably top tier in EDH
very clean, well done
Inb4 translation error and gains infinite value without evolving like ouroboros
Aurelia, Regal Saber, Lord of the Flies, Alexander, Bloody Mary, Bloodhungry Matriarch, and Fafnir are all cards that are good straight out of the box (they are not niche and do not need to be comboed with other cards to be effective), i suggest you just put them in all your decks to begin with.
3 druid quests checking in here
expected 2 more mad bombers all hitting face
who needs eachtar when u can play fairy driver (+4 fairies) 7 mana, 8 storm damage to the face (with fairy cage in play, 6 mana 6 storm damage)
I keep every card.
nO U
just have to say Kiss of the Princess art is just way too damn cute https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DCP_xqTUQAMppV2.jpg good thing it's bronze I must get a foil one
I have a ton of meme forest decks, my favorite being fairy cage. i usually just spam that deck in unranked for forest dailies. roughly 35% win rate but it's fun to play.
https://gfycat.com/RequiredCleverDrever (gif i saved, not mine)
Whats your MMR/ELO
https://youtu.be/Mr5bHd4TDLY?t=40s
able to spectate player playing ladder
didn't show what the body looks like if u take the bandages off after mummification
it seems they may have overcompensated for flamewaker's absence
I think it's quite good. If you're going to play an 8 cost follower that doesn't do anything the turn it's played, the best you're gunna get is 12 face damage from stealth. Plus now blood has that OP 7 cost Orb dragon/odin that can rid any wards in the way.
most champs that are "hard to master" are usually strong competitive picks with low win rate in solo q (such as azir.) however, yasuo and riven are completely the opposite here, hard to master yet not played competitively, and this really baffles me.
not bad but why is there a random Spawn of the Abyss in a wonderlands set
Fairy Dragon... it's what Bolvar Fordragon (from HS) could have been! We got a playable version now :D
Shadow needs Usher of Styx.
It's a decent card but calling it overpowered is just juvenile. Most cards in shadowverse that cost 8+ without a fanfare/storm aren't even close to competitively played, this one might be a first, so don't shit on it please.
well to be fair, what eachtar CANT do is a ton of face damage from an empty board, which was why fon/roar was overpowered. noone ever plays fon/roar to trade.
life should be a resource, if it was that easy to heal it back then it defeats the purpose of printing powerful cards that used life as a resource for example with reno gone, it opens up design space for high power level cards that involve sacrificing life points
with this currency exchange, 2 venture tokens comes out to about a million gold.
i just read these because i like the comic with the characters and speech bubbles
wait lol can u briefly explain how to play it? what are the rules of the game and an example board state?
duude can't wait for some troll to beat a rift with some really awkward build or items and have people try to complete that challenge. would be hilarious
someone did a poll on this subreddit few days ago, should have some results soon
surprised stampede was mentioned over dinomancy. i think ppl were hyping dinomancy so hard but ended up not being competitive. still a good list. funny that he mentioned "ppl underrate cards from classes that are weak" when referring to priest, but people overrated cards from hunter, when hunter was weak.
Best comparison is Gravekeeper sonia. sonia gives u a 4/5 ward undamagable if it's ur only one, dead moroz gives u a 5/7. but moroz could nuke ur board if u have one, sonia won't hurt you. still think moroz is a good card but hes not overpowered
i would say the cost is balanced for the effect but the body you get it too small. rose queen at 6/6 or 7/7 woulda been nice, same with erasmus.
what were his picks? was he 100% accurate
The Summit is great. In other games, Summit is really like the Homestory cup of sc2 and Seatstory cup of HS with the ultra casual meme atmosphere.
A good, playable golden common is worth the same (to me) as a bad/dupe legendary. both 400 dust.
It looks like a pretty good card actually, but there's a few nuances. -First, life total is 20 in MTG, so you don't heal as much. -Huge thing, the card is sorcery speed which means you can only play it on your own turn which is a big deal in MTG cuz it means you invest your mana upfront. -You guys already know reno jackson doesn't automatically turn a lost game into a won game. how many times you heal to full but pirate warrior kills u with his 10/3 berserker and 1 more arcanite reaper. Same with MTG. if you don't have board, you're destroyed anyway. -All mana spent this turn is overloaded is NOT a drawback to take lightly. Spending 3 mana means you're minimum overloaded for 3, that means it costs 6 mana over 2 turns at the very least, but if you want to play this card with something else then you're overloaded for even more. -Lastly, dead draw early on. A simple 3 mana heal 8 is at least castable early on if you have nothing else to do, even if you heal less than 8, but you cant play this cuz the draw back fuks up ur next turn so you only play it for its full value. Edit: It's an interesting design and I like the card. MTG has alot of "emergency" cards where you get a huge deal upfront but pay an extreme cost later. they have several cards that do "do something insane" followed by "you lose the game next turn".
yup negative side effects are great but unfortunately in HS they have to be careful due to stuff like firelands portal type cards. like 1 mana 20/20 lose 29 life couldn't exist due to mounted raptor, for instance.
That's a long spear he's got there ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
yup cuz u cant interact on ur enemy turn. in mtg if ur enemy plays final fortune u know to make sure u have an answer to just something that causes him to lethal u; just stopping a slight bit of damage is enough. cuz if he can't he just loses.
&gt;March Hare's Teatime - Havencraft (Silver Rarity Amulet) 5pp: Countdown (4) Fanfare: Summon a Tin Soldier. Last Words: Summon a Tin Soldier. Cairne bloodhoof, anyone?
i thought about this too. but on second thought, necromancy 4 for +2/+0 is a ripoff. the ability may be a drawback in some cases you want to save your necromancy and you can't even attack due to the commitment of having to spend 4 points for a measly +2/+0. It's a really smart card design actually.
HAHAHAHA omg this hits so close to home. Not just BnS, but I prepare for the wrist slapping anytime fan service shows up in anime as well.
LOL ok get this. last night i was in f8 lobby, looking at dungeon advertisements. I click on the lobby creator's profiles because I don't like people who advertise high AP but aren't even high AP themselves so I always check. So yesterday I was checking everyones profile but one of them came up with a girl for a profile photo. It's not a celebrity obviously cuz... u can tell lol, not photoshopped or good looking. GF is like YO WUT DAT. "You told me only guys play this game and all the 'girls' are just weebs" hey which is pretty much true, "but this profile photo is obviously a real girl cuz shes not good looking" I WAS LKE LMAO hahahah "no worries ok bby" her- :pouty face"
why shocked it's like the equivalent of having Zakhan earring or acrimor earrring in the trove. it's old content for them.
can we spectate friends playing on ladder yet? or is that not what that line means
I love that there's a login theme for everything, even an honor update. Next thing you know there's a login theme for 'nothing in the fridge'. Also the honor login theme is really freaking good, guess ill have it on repeat for the next week.
Nice more story, i hope they keep the story up and just keep making more story. It's a really basic story but they could do alot with it with this foundation so i'm excited.
DAMn really digging these bronze/silver cards. good stuff.
ugh blizzard kept giving me this card for the golden common at season rewards. ended up with 5 of them.
YES thank god i was complaining about this a few times on here. ty appreciated.
mutagenic bolt, Lily then?
It's a nice post but these are open ended cards that are obvious choices that scale. I would like to see potential sleeper cards predicton that might see play as a result of another card being printed , such as Gadgetzan Ferryman.
I thjnk that 2 mana 1/4 guy , +2 attack necromancy 4, is going to be a powerhouse. Probably the best card shadow got. Dead moroz is good too.
I land on them a lot but never surprise prize. Anything that's not surprise prize is a worthless bonus
is this some elaborate shitpost? a ton of pros rage quit and do the above, no point in singling out 1 guy for a thread.
Is this the first time a legendary has been nerfed?
U know those "step 1 draw a circle, step 2 draw the rest of the owl" memes? reminds me of that except step 1 is already "draw 99% of the owl" i wish i could sketch something half as coherent as these
waht the actual shit. 1 carabose and 4 jabberwocks in 60 packs. edit: just went 40 more packs without a single legendary. so 4 fukin jabberwocks in 100 packs.
add it to those evolved monsters in skypetal plains that are part of the "big game hunter" quest
Nah i think the tooltip should be adjusted to: "You lost to AI? We suggest you uninstall the game."
yea. its place in the game is to be an offering from stonehill defender.
I duno about you guys but I'm having a blast with midrange blood. And the matchups against neutral craft feel fine.
&gt; Can probably finish the quest in the same amount of time it takes to win two Warrior games. no, one takes 1 game to complete, the other takes 72.
Best theme song, I'm always hoping to roll this stage when I play now.
Anyone who hates aggro meta, enjoy this one for now. I'm sad that blood got left out in the dust but i'm glad haven, which lost even more than blood, got good replacements so I'm playing mostly haven now.
wait what did u just spend globes just for this post
Where are the decklists for these? does shadowlog have decklists
mfw meta is so slow that an aggro deck is being advertised and heralded.
nasus and warwick puppy wards LMAO
mfw Skull of the Manari was considered the worst legendary weapon and it's now the most included legendary weapon in this tournament.
this is why new expac at release is so fun cuz everything is unexpected. but if this combo became standard and it became the default druid deck you would hate it. and ppl would complain about cube and how it's toxic for the game
Why shadow lists not running Attendant of Night anymore? They used to be in every shadow list, i'm still running it in mine to good success. Also, is featherfall hourglass not good? Haven't seen haven lists include them but seems like a solid card to me.
5 mana 5/3. Deathrattle: For the rest of the game, your hero gains: "Your minions freeze their target when they deal damage". And moorabi needs to be demoted to epic and have its stats increased to 5/5.
zoe 0 p/b?
i would still take deck of wonders by far over the other 2.
Just saw this on r/all, what caused the crash and is it a good time to buy then?
Current things that exist, quest rogue and buff cards have to account for boar. one of the reasons why quest rogue was so buff was the 5/5 chargers to your face. if boar didn't exist it could have stayed with the 4 requirement instead of 5. Have you played that tavern brawl with your spells cost hp instead of mana, boar is a huge enabler for turn 1 OTK. stuff that buffs have to account for boar existing. as an extreme, a 9 mana give a minion +29 attack couldn't be printed, even if it's not that strong in a vaccuum, being able to combo it with boar for 30 from hand is too strong. Charge as a mechanic is already being phased out slowly.
insanely thorough post, wish there was one like this for rotation even.
surprised magical footwear is getting nerfed, i loved using it but almost all guides/recommendations said not to use it.
scream can still dick you. it shuffles ur 3 minions so if you top deck recruit instead of lynessa you still drew a dead card.
Zoe is always banned, but if she isn't, she isn't picked either. :thinking:
manual casts of meteor is good for damage? but it doesn't benefit from deathwish passive? or does deathwish passive linger for a bit
oh interesting so the meteor delay is actually good in this case. since dmg is on impact not cast, gives you time to cast channel
aisha is insane but that's more of a side effect of shadows being so easy to get nowdays. also it's t10 instead of 9 for albert which is actually a big deal. heavenly knight is super buff and is part of the reason why haven is even competitive right now, they lost the most during rotation but also gained the most.
Long post so i'm not sure exactly what the point is, but it seems that you're unhappy with haven nerfs? first off snow white nerf is 100% justified, and even in its current state its a 2 drop that trades with a 3 drop with the bonus of triggering evolve synergies (like gemshell carapace). lion nerf justified, it's way too high roll of a deck so it's better that the deck stays weak in the long term. it had its chance to shine and people got to play with the high roll for awhile.
Unpopular opinion: I don't dislike playing against neither Zoe nor Teemo. Then again, I don't mind playing against anyone really. Except maybe Malzahar.
Love it, pro games doesn't have enough deaths so dying to something like this is always welcome and hilarious.
Bolvar has different animations depending on how many minions died to buff his attack
wow no way is Alice wonderland that bad that it's not even included in aggressive neutral blood list that doesn't even have any 4 drops?
Does Darkness count as a minion for mc tech, and can it be stolen?
Most importantly, why can't we see Bans on match history page? we can't even see them on opgg either, yet they exist on the match history in client.
Incorrect. craft all pending nerfed cards in golden right now, use them as long as you can, dust them a day before expiration date.
I hear ye, 0 mana 5/5 is too strong. I suggest we nerf her stats to 2/5.
summary: bonemare- good nerf, still playable in constructed, hardly affected in arena but nerf still welcome creeper - card isn't completely dead, people overreact so won't be played in the near future, can return in token lists patches - big nerf to decks running garbage pirates just to get patches. important nerf so blizzard can actually print good pirates moving forward. raza - still good, combo priest will take a turn or 2 longer to kill u, board control deck hardly affected (might make a resurgence) meta prediction - cubelock, tempo mage, quest rogue
ive seen several lists run DJ and temple that are antisynergistic. seen plenty of plays where players forgot to factor in the DJ nuke hurting your guys negating the damage buff. however dj is strong in a vaccum so i can see why it's included
well here's my opinion. it's quite obvious that combo priest got hit the hardest, but combo priest is also 'cycle priest'; deck just contains a bunch of cheap spells. so while the max dmg in 1 turn is 14, you still have plenty of cheap spells to deal face damage over the next few turns. I was never a fan of that deck so I'm fine with it being dead, if it is. I play the board control version of razakus anyway and i'm happy with this change. so actually it's a really smart nerf.
where's the chart for non-free to play games?
lol i bought shares at 18 and lured me in with that juicy high dividend. was a trap, shit just kept tanking, i got out at 13.
No idea why Corpselord of Woe showed up in those search results.
That's incredible!
shit ill be travelling to japan those 2 weeks not sure if i can find the time for this event. maybe just get to group b is probably ok. not too desperate cuz the alt Sibyl sleeves are irreplacable.
Lulu calls up 600% MonkaS
-_- swain
