Yeah I really think he's going to take Sam's advice and run with it in the completely wrong direction...
THAT'S where I know her from! Thank you!
I think it's important to ask these questions and think critically about choices like this. But in this particular case, I end up being OK with it. Piggybacking off what /u/dtorr said, the casting of Daddario as the daughter of the Rock (mixed race) and Carla Gugino (white) seems plausible to me. Would it be *nice* if they had cast someone with more of a mixed race look? Sure. But personally I don't think San Andreas is guilty of the same kind or level of offense as Aloha, not by a LONG shot. (And I'm not just talking about Emma Stone here.)
&gt; what if Emma Stone best fits the role the director was aiming for? What if All the Hapas auditioning just didn't quite capture the right mood for the movie? The odds of that are extremely low. The idea that not a single mixed Asian actress could have done as good of a job as Emma Stone -- in portraying a mixed Asian character, no less -- is fairly preposterous. And I say this as a big Emma Stone fan. But even if it WERE true, how about all the other characters? How is it possible that a movie set in Hawaii can star an entirely white cast? I think that's why this grates so much. If Emma Stone were just one -- or even one of a couple -- white characters amidst an otherwise racially representative film, I don't think you'd hear as much criticism. And frankly, if they had at least dyed her hair, I personally might be less annoyed. But they made ZERO effort to be conscious or considerate of the racial/cultural field they were playing in. That, to me, cannot be overlooked.
Hm, okay, it's possible I'm being unfairly influenced by the fact that (1) Daddario looks so much like she could be Gugino's kid, and (2) the Rock is relatively light-skinned and ambiguously ethnic. I'll give it some more thought. Regardless of that, I maintain that even if casting Daddario for a mixed race role is as bad as casting Stone for one, *Aloha*'s cultural/racial problems are much larger than *San Andreas*'s. See my comment on this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/mixedrace/comments/380puc/im_not_buying_emma_stone_as_an_asian_american_in/crru92m So I think the larger context is at play for me too, whether that's fair or not.
LOL at the red vs. green routes on that map. Can you link me to the discussion on this point?
Yep. I thought everything Tyrion said when he was processing (out loud) what his advice to Dany should be in regards to Jorah was brilliant. I'm just surprised he didn't point out that Jorah was, in essence, right. Jorah didn't trust Dany to forgive him -- and she *didn't*.
Oh yeah, I'm not excusing Jorah's deception. I'm just saying that Dany proved his mis-trust to be founded.
Yep. I think he's going to attack Tormund, with the intent to kill. :/
Maybe I'm cold-hearted, but I kept turning to my husband and saying, "I don't feel bad for her at all." :)
Thanks for sharing! I love all of these ladies, except Schumer who I don't know but keep hearing about.
Right?! Pretty much "overnight." (Except I know that overnight success is always anything but.) Anyway, just finished reading the roundtable and I really enjoyed it!
AH I love this idea! I dunno if I'll re-watch all of them (esp with SYTYCD having moved to Monday nights) but I'll definitely pop into the discussion threads. I actually didn't watch JtV until after Gina won the Golden Globe, so I didn't see the pilot until quite some time after it had aired. I liked it enough to watch episode 2, but to be honest, I wasn't 100% hooked on the show until episode 3. I was also more interested in Rafael (for Jane, not myself) when I first watched than I am now. :P
Not even for her and Owen?
I think this answer is most in line with my predictions. Not sure about the April/Jackson storyline, though I love them together so I'd prefer for them to work things out. I think Amelia and Owen should get together too. And I absolutely think Shonda will try to break ER's record, as she has said all along. I mean, if she didn't decide to end the show when Patrick Dempsey wanted out, then what would be the point in stopping now? I'm pretty sure Ellen Pompeo has indicated that she's on board for as long as it runs, because it's good, stable work and has provided for her and her family.
It's a spoiler for anyone who isn't caught up with the end of this season.
Ah, good point. You're right, it doesn't suit him, and if I think about it some more, Amelia probably wouldn't want to live in her dead brother's custom-built dream house. (I wouldn't!) But I would love for their place to go to someone meaningful...
Fallingwater
Just thought this was interesting! Her yard in particular is beautiful. You also get to see her adorable daughter a few times. Here's Patrick Dempsey's too, which I might actually like better lol, because I'm all about openness, light, and Frank Gehry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0rM-eyNiDU And of course they both have copies of Gray's Anatomy (the real book) in their homes! *Edit to add: OK after watching the whole video, I basically want to live in Dempsey's home/family! Makes me even sadder that they're splitting up...*
&gt; lazy/overweight clone Lol this is a great question, with some great comments already, but now I'm just trying to picture Tatiana in a fat suit.
This this this this this.
Haha, I wondered the same thing, but I highly doubt it! Airstream trailers are just kind of popular.
I'm not exactly sad that Rudy is sick...
Good point! Also, I'm indifferent to spoilers, but a lot of people care, and might not be happy about the title of this post being so blatant... Just a note for future posts, I guess, to maybe use a spoiler tag.
No judgment, just complete understanding and acceptance of what's important to him. #truefriendship
[s5e09](#s "Wish Davos had taken Shireen there...")
Lol whoops, didn't notice, decided to err on the side of caution rather than the side of possibly getting my head bitten off! Thanks for the tip.
Good points! &gt; And the commoners? There isn't much they can do. Previously I'd been thinking along the same lines as the OP -- that this all started bc Jaime pushed Bran out the window to protect his secret with Cersei, and now that secret isn't a secret at all, so what was the point? But really, we're in a bubble. The perspectives that we are privy to are typically the players in the game of thrones, not the regular folks. Most of the commoners probably don't know about Jaime and Cersei, or don't believe it. (Or don't care, hahaha.) So that would easily explain a lack of rioting on their part.
All the violence on this show, and your comment still makes me wince and shudder.
I once liberated a raccoon from a pasta sauce jar. He was so dazed when he first got out, but then he scampered off OK.
Love your theory. But personally I think Grey's has hit the resisting-retirement stage of life lol...
Hee, these early episodes were so great! Sorry I missed the re-run last night (watching the US women's World Cup match!) but was this the one where she and Rafael fell into the pool? Lol I loved that. In general, I liked Rafael a lot in these early episodes, because he was really going out of his way to protect Jane and let her make decisions that were best for her and the baby. (Granted, this eventually led to him *over*-protecting her, even to the point of lying at times... But like I said, that comes later.) Meanwhile, my sweet beloved Michael began acting shady (which IMO is not true to his nature, but he was panicked) by allying with Petra and keeping secrets from Jane. :/ I'm glad he eventually came back to himself.
Oh, I looooved what the milkshake anecdote revealed about Xiomara, and how she was willing to do anything (even humiliate herself and look like a self-centered bad guy) to protect Jane from pain. &lt;3
10/10 would buy them all! I also really appreciate reading the thought process behind each design.
I like the idea, esp to practice my Spanish... but I also don't want to be spoiled for what's coming!
Two down, one to go.
Body double.
Almost.
It was a good ruse. I totally thought he was gonna show up zombie-style.
GOOD POINT. WHERE WAS GHOST?!
Did anyone else cheer when Myranda went splat?
"I never heard *that* story..."
Lol as I recall, Alba wasn't exactly the toughest cookie when it came time to lay down the law with Rogelio...
Interesting theory! In 3x09, Cosima was looking through Shay's file, and the camera lingered for a moment on the line about her siblings (which I am of course now blanking on, but maybe someone can find it?)... o_O I'm sure no one would mind extra Ksenias running around.
He was a great friend and mentor to me, and to so many young writers at Carnegie Mellon. I'm very saddened by this loss.
&gt; So I make sure they get diabetes before they head back to Taiwan. LOL yeah seriously. Sour gummy worms, good to know! At my aunt's suggestion, we brought them dark chocolate and Werther's Originals this time. I guess it's just cheaper/better from the US...?
I loved the bathroom scenes! It really got to the heart of how bonded the group was. And their lack of appropriate boundaries, lol.
Agreed. This will surely be an even more unpopular thing to say, but I've been wondering if there's a way to donate to the shooter's family in addition to Sonny Kim's. They're going to be dealing with similar expenses, but without the outpouring of sympathy and goodwill from the Cincinnati community.
THIS EPISODE IS PROBABLY MY FAVORITE. THAT MOMENT BETWEEN MICHAEL AND JANE AT THE BRIDAL SHOP = &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
From an "important gay couple" storytelling standpoint, Cyrus and James are a solid example. They were one of the things I loved most about Scandal early on. (Before the show went downhill...) From a "healthy stable long lasting gay male relationship" standpoint, I think we might need to look elsewhere. Without going into major spoilers, let's just say that Cyrus and James had major, terrible issues. Honestly, I think /u/Firecrotch2014 has a point: This is one area of diversity where Shonda has not excelled. I'm sad to say that I hadn't noticed, but I'm glad it was brought to my awareness. After all, becoming aware of problems is the first step toward creating change. Anyway, it's kind of strange -- and clearly frustrating to some viewers -- though I'm sure there's no malice behind it.
That's an awesome gesture, and the girl looked so cute as a mini Vic! (I also really appreciate that the parents are responsible about TV. They were like, "Haha no worries we don't let her watch these mature shows in full.")
&gt; I have to say that being spoiled makes it so much better. \^_\^
Hah, your flair got me for a second there.
My friend got married there! It was a small, lovely "pop-up" style thing. :)
Maybe everyone else knew about the Cincy connection already, but I didn't, and I thought it was awesome. The article I linked to is also quite a nice profile of him and his late husband and what led them to the Supreme Court.
This particular pic might be old, I don't know, but I picked my husband up from the airport last night (or technically today? whatever) around midnight/12:30 am, and when we drove by, Duke Convention Center was definitely lit up rainbow-colored like that. Part of the last "i" was out though.
Wheeee, welcome to the party!
&gt; The fact that she's doesn't have her own chair in a psychiatrist's office and that she's not taking a handful of drugs daily just to be able to climb out of bed every morning is a testament that the writers of this show have never once thought about delving in the real psyche of a human being. Actually, that's a good point. I never thought of it before, but I would love to see some/any of these characters seeking professional help for the trauma they witness and endure. Mental health has such a(n unnecessary) stigma, and surely seeing some of our most beloved characters (who are in the health field!) pursuing and maintaining their emotional well-being would be a positive thing for viewers.
Not that new, but I do love this ad. Note that the dad has a disability too!
1. Overall great banner so far. I like the players, I love the way it's been unveiled, and I'm looking forward to seeing the finished product. (Including an actual photo of LeSean, though kudos for this Photoshopped one.) 2. There seems to be a lot of pointing in football.
I don't ship it, but... I wouldn't be mad either. :P
Just a warning: Cincinnati dim sum will not be as good as Seattle's. I'm from Houston (which has a huge, fantastic Chinatown) and the dim sum here satisfies my cravings but doesn't impress.
Found this while searching for material to make a banner: http://images.en.yibada.com/data/images/full/63933/cw-tv-series-jane-the-virgin-season-2.jpg *Edit: Also this, lol! http://kingoftheflatscreen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/12002316_1640767572839064_7479022417049063252_n.jpg*
Monday, January 25 at 9/8c Source: https://www.facebook.com/cwjanethevirgin/photos/a.1437403416508815.1073741828.1425838674331956/1669224063326748/?type=3&amp;theater Also, lol, they made a countdown: http://www.countdownto.com/jane-the-virgin/
OK I think we've probably waited long enough. Also, the mod here also commented elsewhere on reddit a few days ago, so I don't think I'm going to be approved to takeover this sub. Shall we begin on /r/UnREAL? cc /u/trejdeksnis /u/NinjaPixies
Lol. Don't worry, we are. Previously we have been chatting at /r/UnREALtv, but actually the moderator there doesn't seem too active, so a few of us have plans to revamp THIS sub for the show. Check back in soon!
Yeah me too, but I don't know what other choice we have? Unless we don't care what the sub looks like. If we take over and spruce up /r/UnREAL, we can still link back (in the sidebar) to the S1 discussion threads that are here.
Personally I don't think we need to delete old posts from here. Maybe I'm just an electronic hoarder, lol, but I feel like it's nice to let things live on in posterity. I do think we could have NEW discussions at the new sub, though!
I'm always on board for a floppy eared puppy. &lt;3
When we do, let's try to word it politely? :) cc /u/skippybosco /u/NinjaPixies
Can you be more specific about where / how to get there? I'd love to go check it out!
Wow, thanks so much! This is awesome. OK it might be a stupid question, but is this relatively safe to do? I'm not concerned about the subway system itself, but more like if kids/drug users/whoever go there and might cause trouble for unsuspecting explorers.
I mean, point taken, but if this particular section is always unlocked, then my question still stands. I would like to do the official tour someday.
&gt; Huang also says he doesn't see himself making a return to the show. "I don't think so, and it's not like I'm upset, it's just that it's not for me and they're doing fine without me. I don't think the show needs me, nor do I need to be a part of the show. It's its own kind of organism now. That's fine. I put a baby up for adoption. It's tough. It's hard in the beginning but you live with the decision you make." He finally gets it!
Am I the only one who finds this joke to be in extremely in poor taste?
I will second Om Eco Cafe on Ludlow, which offers a special (delicious) brunch menu on Sun mornings, as well as a jazz quartet that usually starts around 11 AM. (Note: As always, if you sit close to the musicians, it's hard to have a conversation, so just consider your needs when choosing a seat.)
Because they're mocking it, not actually trying to do anything positive/productive.
Not make fun/light of it. Seems pretty basic to me.
Some of us already don't listen to WLW. Some of us just come to reddit, where people post things for comment.
Coincidentally I just did a self-guided mural walk around OTR/downtown yesterday! http://www.artworkscincinnati.org/public-art/mural-tours/ I don't think Art Works includes the murals on the NKY side of the Roebling Bridge, though. Those are great too. http://www.yelp.com/biz/roebling-murals-at-the-covington-riverfront-covington
Spoiler: It's a pic of her and Oscar Isaac from the Golden Globes last night. :)
"I'm taking this home for the Empire."
This would be my top recommendation as well. The bread basket alone is to die for. And they have valet! Top dishes: Gnocchi and bolognese. *Edit to add: Via Vite right on Fountain Square is like the little brother to Nicola's, and offers the same great gnocchi and bolognese for slightly less cost, plus gives you the ambiance (but also busy-ness) of being in the heart of downtown. If you park right underneath Fountain Square, you won't have to go far. But Nicola's is probably still more convenient.*
"Not too bad" is an understatement! I think La Poste flies way under the radar in this city.
You're totally entitled to that opinion, but could we please avoid using the word "retarded" in this fashion? Just one of many reasons why: http://www.denverpost.com/commented/ci_10351963 Thanks.
-_- This is not good news for those of us who would like the Sin Rostro storyline to wrap up... Also, I'm confused: &gt; Urman also teased some other characters that will make appearances in the back half of the second season, including Petra’s new baby... BABY? As in, SINGULAR?
A few years ago when I realized how hard it is for mixed race people to find donor matches, I joined the national registry. It's very simple to do, and it can save lives! (Note: if you change your mind later but are contacted about a match, you are not *obligated* to donate.) Please consider joining: https://bethematch.org/
Just noticed the .related-page issue myself and fixed it. Where would the .other-discussions-page come into play? Like, I don't know where to look or what that CSS applies to.
Update for those who are curious: Never heard back from /r/redditrequest people, which is disappointing. So those of us who wanted to mod /r/UnREALtv started making a new subreddit at /r/Unreal. Just as we were about to launch, we made one last attempt to contact the previously unresponsive /r/UnREALtv mod, and s/he actually added one of us as a mod! So we got what we wanted, just not in the way we expected it!
Thanks! Found and fixed on my subs.
All of the above, I bet! I'm excited for it too, though. I think the show can say/do a lot with that.
The City Museum is SO cool! Totally not recommended for pregnant women, lol, but great for quirky-loving active types and children.
Haha thanks, I think. :P Loose wiring is my first (completely layman) guess too. Or yeah, maybe temperature sensitivity of some nature, because we have landscaping lights that seemed to need cold rainy weather to stay on. But low voltage landscaping lights are more prone to being finnicky, from what I've read. Either way, they're acting stable now. Another thought is that *maybe* I didn't screw the inconsistent bulbs in tightly enough? Truth be told it's a pain to drag my 8 foot ladder out onto the porches to reach these things, and it's frigid outside, so I've been too lazy to check that, but I probably will next week unless someone here gives me a different suggestion.
Bad connections meaning I didn't screw them in well enough? Or in the wiring itself? Is it a fire risk?
+1. I essentially married into being a Bills fan 10 years ago, and this about sums it up. Honestly, the Bills are my #1 more because of Fred Jackson than because of my husband, lol.
Love 'em all but... \#2 - What is happening on Brett Dier's chin and how do we make it go away? \#19 - SO CUTE.
Thanks for the tips! I will try soon and report back. Out of curiosity: Are bad sockets difficult/expensive to replace? In the meantime, is it fine to have a bulb in them, or is it a safety risk?
OK thanks, I will get up there next week and see what I can do about making a better connection!
So true. My husband wears his Bills hat all over the world and we're always getting stopped by fellow fans.
I think it's unfair that you're being downvoted. Your opinion is valid, answers the question, and adds to the discussion. The downvoters are kind of making your point for you.
Similar to what /u/malsb89 said... What I like the most: Positive changes/growth I've seen in Cincy over the past 10 years. We're definitely trending in the right direction. What I dislike the most: Lack of diversity (and I don't just mean race).
Yep! I came from about as far south in the US as you can go, and I can tell you for sure, Cincy weather is far superior to Heat, More Heat, Heat Again, and Slightly Less Heat.
It does have the perks of a big city, but it doesn't have the *feel* of a big city. Basically, it's not as bustling. Nor as liberal. Those can be pros or cons, depending on who you ask.
I don't watch Agents of SHIELD, so can anyone weigh in on whether or not he's good in that? He's certainly handsome! http://kimmyerin.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/E53A6275.jpeg
Love that Shosh is actually going to be in Japan! Wasn't expecting that. Also glad that Adam Driver is still an active participant, even with the Star Wars (etc) stuff going on. And YES omg friendship in your adult life IS so often about being scattered and trying to hold onto each other! So glad they're exploring that.
My husband is from upstate NY. Once, early in the relationship, we went to visit his parents in June -- SUMMER -- so I packed shorts and tank tops and sandals. It was 50 degrees and everyone laughed at me.
Someone please correct me if I'm wrong, but unfortunately I'm not sure there's much you can do right now... You should be able to buy/rent episodes from places like iTunes or Amazon. And if you did that now, you would only need to do 3 episodes and then you could watch the other 5 free from the CW. (Btw what do you mean by "quick cuts"? Pretty sure the CW offers the entire 42 minutes, same as broadcast.) Otherwise you probably have to wait for Netflix to get it in the fall. Another option, if you have DVR, is to set it to record all showings of Jane the Virgin for now, and see how many you get. They might rerun some from earlier this season.
&gt; Frankly, I think Jane should take a break from both Raphael and Michael and hang out with Petra for a while. I could get behind that! In fact, it would be really interesting and potentially funny to see what kind of (mis)adventures Jane + Petra could get into. And maybe they could even buddy up Michael + Rafael for a while? Imagine how much tougher the choice might be (for Jane, for us) if these two guys actually LIKED each other.
I probably will in the future, because I'd like to update them too. Do you think it's a fire hazard right now though?
Thanks, just wanted a little reassurance! (Or, you know, urgent warning to fix it asap, if that were the case.) I'm obviously not going to hold anyone here liable. :) I don't think our fixtures are historical, so it sounds like if re-screwing in the bulbs doesn't fix things, I should prob get the fixtures looked at and changed by an electrician.
I think you are spot-on -- *especially* if this were real life. The only thing I will say in Michael's defense is that I don't think he had a "scheme to **coerce** Jane." She originally *wanted* to give the baby to Rafael and Petra, and he tried not to let that fall through. (For a short time.) That's still not good, not good at all. But it's *less* not good than coercion. *Btw, the subreddit now has flairs -- a few presets, plus one completely customizable -- if anyone wants to have some fun with that!*
Kinky Boots at the Aronoff -- just saw it and loved it! Today is the last day, with 1 pm and 6 pm showtimes. If they're not sold out, it's definitely worth checking on cheap tickets.
Yes, thank you for pointing /u/shockhead to the right subreddit. Long story short, we thought we were moving over here, but about a week ago things changed and now we're not. I'll put up an "official" redirect link!
This is awesome! I'm particularly pleased because I agree with some of the major category winners here more than I did with the Golden Globes.
Upvote bc you presented another side to the story, which contributes to the discussion and probably the OP's understanding of the controversy (certainly mine). You didn't even necessarily *support* this side, so I'm not sure why you're getting downvotes. Sigh.
http://imgur.com/aaIJj48
http://imgur.com/fHDBrgx
Thank you! :)
Yeah, I'm a bit torn due to his role as her professor/mentor. He's super hot, but I'd also love to see a positive platonic relationship in Jane's life. Plus there's the age difference and the power dynamic...
I just googled and you're right, he's 6 years younger! But I think Jane is supposed to be about his age (25).
FYI the "contest mode" banner doesn't display right. It basically gets trapped behind the top padding/margin of the comment field. I fixed it for my subs but wanted to give y'all a heads-up!
Yeah, I was pretty disappointed with the "preventative maintenance service." The tech was super nice (which makes me feel guilty for feeling disappointed) and he seemed to know what he was talking about when I asked about specifics... but he did nothing! I've already gotten recommendations for other heating companies. :/
So you're saying that you think the high pressure is due to excess water getting into what should be a closed system?
Yeah I was wondering/worrying about the fresh water coming in... The HVAC tech said it would be OK to go through the rest of the heating season this way if needed, though? Unfortunately the expansion tank is not currently plumbed so that we can just isolate it and replace. We would fix that if replacing.
I think someone else mentioned that the showrunner promised a wedding this season, but didn't necessarily say it would be Jane's... Found the comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/JaneTheVirginCW/comments/3srgj5/is_it_selfish_of_jane_to_choose_michael/cx01nkb (OK it wasn't about whose wedding it would be, but still.)
This is more or less what I wanted the HVAC tech to do. He claimed that you're not supposed to change the pressure of the expansion tank once it has been installed?
OK I'll try and listen for it! The service tech who came out did mention that if we replace the tank, we may want to size it up.
The way it's plumbed, we can't just isolate the expansion tank for replacement. We'd have to drain the whole system, that's why he suggested waiting. Well, that and the fact that we couldn't reproduce the problem while he was there, and it's only happening occasionally. :/
Sorry but I honestly don't know... I have one of these: http://bostonheatingsupply.com/TriangleTubePE110LP.aspx
Thanks! I love stuff like this. Pretty sure I found https://www.instagram.com/emilyseeks/ thanks to this sub too!
OK thanks for explaining that! Btw, per your earlier suggestion, this morning I turned the inlet valve to off to see if that changes anything. So far no noticeable difference but I'll monitor through tonight.
Ummm it looks like this: http://imgur.com/zwRwAQ5
OK thanks! I will try that later today. (Just can't babysit the gauge right now.) And yes, to my knowledge, the boiler was installed in 2011. Not sure about the expansion tank specifically but I assume they would have put in a new one at the same time.
How cool! I keep hoping to see my house on one of these Cincy architecture accounts! But I think mine might be a little on the plainer side...
So I pulled up the connector at the base, but I don't notice a difference. :/ I'm updating the main post with 2 pics and some info about what I just tried.
I pried up the tab at the base but I don't notice much difference. The inside of the socket doesn't look dirty to me, but I'm updating the main post with 2 pics and some info about what I just tried.
Argh, OK. Thanks for the heads-up. I do want to change these out anyway, but is it a safety risk to use these for a little while longer so I can find lights that I actually like?
Great, thanks so much! I really appreciate your help with this.
Clicked through for cute pic of cheetah cub + puppy friend, got sad (but nice) story about death of a majestic creature. I honestly thought "says goodbye" meant she was just going to another zoo or something.
Lol not your fault. In retrospect I should have known. I still enjoyed reading about Sahara's life.
I think so too! That's why I clicked on the thumbnail, haha. I met one of the cheetahs (Savannah) a few years ago, it was really cool. Actually, I just wish this story mentioned more about Sahara's dog friend, Alexa. Is she still alive? Does she know Sahara is gone? What's she up to now?
OK I haven't turned the heat up high yet, but I *have* been running the system at its normal setting (68 degrees) for over 24 hrs with the manual fill valve off, and it *seems* to have little to no change. Pressure is slightly lower overall -- sitting around 14-15 psi and going up to 16-18 psi when running -- and there's still some water leaking from the pressure relief valve, although I think it's less than before. No *dumping* of water from the pressure relief valve, but we haven't had the single digit temps we did last weekend. Does that tell us anything? I can still run the experiment of turning the heat up, I just haven't had the time to pay attention to what happens (I'm assuming I need 20-30 min?) and probably won't until tomorrow morning. Also, are there any dangerous/negative consequences to running the system with the manual fill valve off like I am right now?
&gt; A few thousand Westerners are thought to visit North Korea each year, and Pyongyang is pushing for more tourists as a way to help its dismal economy. Arresting visitors is not a good way to convince people to come.
In case anyone doesn't click through: it appears the spinoff will not really be seen on the show, but rather will be in the form of webisodes. So it's like bonus content, I guess.
This is awesome, OP, thanks! Also, fingers majorly crossed for the UC/Clifton extension!
Poor Diane Guerrero. Obviously she's done well for herself, but that's got to be traumatic. &gt; To ensure the stories Jane planned to tell were as authentic as possible, Snyder Urman very intentionally filled her writers room with people who have diverse backgrounds. \*applause\* &gt; “She listens to real-life experiences and pulls from all these beautiful people she loves and admires. … She listens to the things we want to be a part of and she finds a way to bring them into the art because the fusing of art and social responsibility is the most effective way to change a culture for the better. She’s a socially responsible artist, and I freakin’ love it.” \*moar applause!\* I love how socially conscious this show is, and I love reading about how intentional that is for the writers and the actors. AND IT'S STILL SUPER FUN! Why do more shows not understand that? *Side note: Gina is really eloquent and smart, but lol she does drop in those f-bombs, and terms like "jerked off," that just kind of remind you she's keepin' it real.* *Also, I might have to make "She's my Willy Wonka" my new flair, lol.*
OK I spent WAY too much time with my boiler this morning. :P For context, the weather is about 29F here today, our thermostat is usually set to 68F, and the water supply valve to boiler is turned off right now. Around 11 AM, I kicked the thermostat up to 72F and went down to the basement to babysit the furnace. Over the course of the next hour or so, the pressure went from 15 psi to 25 psi, and water temp went from 118F to 145F. Around noon, I realized 72F probably wasn't necessary and I bumped the thermostat back down to 70F (and also made myself some lunch). It had only reached about 69F anyway. Around 2 PM, I was basically losing my mind (even with my phone to keep me company down there) so I set the thermostat back to 68F so it would shut off and I could see what would happen next. 45 min later, the pressure is down to 15 psi, water temp down to 110F. Sound good? Also, there's a sort of clicking/knocking sound in the PVC piping that runs outside for the gas exhaust. That's normal, right? *Update 3 hours later: Pressure is down to 14 psi, water temp is up to 130F, thermostat reads 67F even though it's set for 68F. Wondering if I need to open the inlet valve again to account for the water being lost through the pressure relief valve? Although it's not very much water...* *Update a few min later: OK thermostat hit 68F and furnace powered down. Maybe I just caught the tail end of the cycle. Still not sure about the 14 psi though. I thought 3 stories should have 18 psi?*
Looping in /u/Blast338 /u/trashedd and /u/11787 on the update I gave /u/notthestig to see if it adds anything valuable, because I really appreciated your responses earlier! I also keep wondering if the high pressure from our main water supply (100 psi -- which has now been repaired with a regulator bringing it down to 70 psi) could have caused premature failure of the automatic intake valve on the boiler system, possibly allowing a trickle of fresh water into the closed loop and maybe contributing to the previous pressure spikes?
This brings such a smile to my face! Also, ditto /u/just_another_classic.
Yep, still leaking. So they can clean the auto-fill valve versus replacing it?? I figured they'd have to give me a new one. Thank you SO MUCH for all your help. I think we're on the right track here, and it has given me much relief.
Doesn't he?! Rogelio is such a great character. Welcome to the show and welcome to the sub! NEW EPISODE TONIGHT!!!! I'll be posting the discussion thread in a couple hours.
Sorry, one more question: Is the pressure supposed to rise while the system is running, and if so, by how much? I ask because I'm worried that the expansion tank might ALSO be faulty (even though it sounds OK when I knock on it...) in addition to the leaking pressure relief valve (and the possibly compromised auto-fill valve)?
OK great. Going to call the HVAC tech to come back, and I have a list of things for them to check/do!
Have you checked the Cincinnati Parks options? http://www.cincinnatiparks.com/reserve1/
HERE WE GO! :D
Wait, Michael and Rafael are good now? I... don't remember that? OOHHHH was that a dream?! Geez, way to confuse me, show.
LOL how long do you think they had to wait, filming the baby in Gina's arms, until she got sleepy?
Prediction: Michael is going to say/do something that helps Jane connect with her students. *Edit: OK I was clearly wrong but I'm glad to be. Jane solved her own problem! And comparing P&amp;P to a basketball game is hilarious.*
Yay! Hi!
Yeah, great work by Yael Groblas in that scene. Just the moment they focus on her face with the sound kind of muted into the background was so heartbreaking. :/
I hope it's both funny and progressive. ;)
The more, the merrier!
BWAHAHA accomplished! Both with the bucket list revelation, and then making it about him.
"OOOHHHHH that's gotta hurt! Let's see it again, but in slow motion."
I'm totally for this Rafael &amp; Petra ship, just sayin'...
Rogelio Subtlety De La Vega.
Nooooo, don't haunt Petra! Just let her have babies and get back with Rafael and be happy! :(
OMG RAFAEL! I DID NOT SEE THIS COMING!
OK EVEN THOUGH THAT SCENE FROM NEXT WEEK WITH HER PROF IS OBVIOUSLY A DAYDREAM, I AM STILL ON BOARD.
No worries, I'm sure they didn't kill him. It was probably just a tranquilizer. :P
"Seriously stop asking about how much we weigh!"
Yeah you know, I don't care much about who Luisa or the woman cop dates, BUT at least if they're together, the woman cop should be a good, stable influence on her!
As a short woman, that's how I feel every time I am around high schoolers.
Thanks for sponsoring this! I'll get the new look up and running as soon as I can.
I'm still reading the article but just came back here to share this exact quote!
We'll be ready and waiting! :)
&gt; To those who exist interstitially between cultures, outside acknowledgment becomes a confirmation of identity — something you desperately crave when you aren't quite sure of it yourself.
YAAASSS. My fave P&amp;R side character. I die every time he laughs at one of Ben's jokes.
Is it my imagination, or before the commercial break didn't she have a flower pinned in the middle, and then after the commercial break, nothing?
Oh thanks, I somehow missed that the bug was IN the flower. I thought she got it from her purse.
NO WAY! REALLY?! Omg Jean Ralphio was so annoying, lol. I cannot picture Jane with him.
Oh, I'm sure in real life they're great, and I'm happy if they're happy. :) But both characters are so strong in my mind, I just keep imagining JANE and JEAN-RALPHIO, lol.
Exactly. Although Jean Ralphio is basically obnoxiously into anything/everything female... :P
&gt; I feel like there is plenty of literature on resource guarding, and someone gave you a good link for that issue, so I'll speak on eating with too much intensity. Thank you. My dog doesn't truly resource guard, but he is INTENSE when eating (and right afterward). I wish there were more information about this issue, and how to "fix" it. I've worked with him a lot -- primarily using tips aimed at resource guarding, and then adapting them based on my knowledge of my dog individually -- but he still relapses on occasion. It's frustrating.
What is a "cancer-jockey"?
What an odd thing to say. Clifton is one of this city's most charming neighborhoods.
Ah lol ok.
Not really. http://www.neighborhoodscout.com/oh/cincinnati/crime/
Perhaps we just have different opinions of charm.
Raidsonline.com is a great resource that I already use and that also supports the fact that Clifton is not "one of the most crime-ridden" neighborhoods in Cincinnati. I linked to the other site because it offers a quicker visualization of the data.
Yeah, when I talk about "lack of diversity" being the one thing I don't like about Cincinnati, I don't just mean race. I really mean the rich diversity of thoughts and experiences and cultures that comes from a place that has more people coming and going. I grew up in a very large city and that more than anything is what I miss. But I think Cincinnati is trending in the right direction, and there *are* pockets of diversity here already.
&gt; how do i communicate this to him without sounding like someone who's sensitive about race, or like i'm trying too hard to be seen in a certain way? What you just said here communicates it well. If he's truly not aware of his reactions to your "whiteness," then maybe you can just point it out like you did here. *"You may not intend this, but sometimes it seems like you're uncomfortable with me when I 'act white,' and that makes me feel bad about being my authentic self. I really like you, and I would like us both to be able to be our natural selves around each other."* Ideally this would be the start of a productive conversation with him. He might respond with something like, *"Oh man, I had no idea. I really like you too, and I don't mean to seem uncomfortable or disapproving. I'll try to be more aware of myself, and maybe you can point out when you think I'm being weird."* Or *"You know what? I am a little uncomfortable, and here's why."* (I have no idea where it would go from there...) Apart from all that, I want you to know that it's OK to be sensitive about your identity, and especially about your experiences of being rejected by your own family and culture. That's tough, and you shouldn't have to pretend to be OK with it, to your boyfriend or anyone. To be frank, it sounds like he wants you to be someone you're not. (And why?) That's not a good foundation for a partnership. If he can't see and appreciate who you are, I recommend reevaluating the relationship.
Yay, thanks for heading this up! Can't wait to watch with everyone again! Also, if anyone is on the fence and wants a reminder of how awesome this show is, you can watch the first episode free on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/tv-season/unreal/id991463660?mt=4&amp;ign-mpt=uo%3D4
Do we think the City of Light is like a Matrix thing?
Indra + Pike = lurve
Lol. I have def been wondering where the term comes from. Hope they'll explain it!
Grounders aren't enemies by default anymore (S1) and no more Mountain Men (S2) so yeah, time for a new bad guy! Although we'll see how ALIE turns out. I think Ice Nation *might* be a red herring, and she's the real problem, but we're meant to go back and forth in believing in her.
With his current attitude, I'm not exactly going to be sad if he gets Finn-ed.
Dunno why but my thought was suicide... :( *Edit: J/k, Ice Nation. Much better. In a weird way.*
I always loved Wells and wish things could have turned out differently for him.
Called it. \*slow clap\*
He sure hasn't.
I think Roan stabbed him somewhere too. Not to kill him, but just to weaken him so he can't follow (per Roan's instructions).
"We" can't lose Clarke.
Called it. Nice!
You know, I've seen someone mention that show here before, but I've never heard of it outside of this sub. Just wiki-ed it and it sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out!
Lol thanks! I'm active in this sub too, so I thought that might help.
Ah thanks. Did they already explain that somewhere and I missed it?
Lol fair enough, me too.
I know, right?! Haven't found an official airdate yet, but I'm guessing beginning of June. Hope you'll come join us at /r/UnREALtv!
That's why we're re-watching. ;) Although I think it might just make me want new episodes even more...
&gt; dick hunting o_O (Sorry, had to.)
SO CUTE I COULD EAT HIM. I absolutely adore Bernese Mountain dogs. &lt;3
I came from TX too. Don't need snow tires, but do read up a bit on best practices for driving in snow/ice. My general bad weather driving advice: avoid it if you can, and if you can't, just go slow and be safe. This area doesn't get *really* bad winter weather, but there are always a handful of days out of the year that can be intimidating. (Not just because you have to drive in it, but also because you have to drive with all the other yahoos on the road.) Btw, do you have front-wheel or rear-wheel drive? I ask because I brought my Jeep up from TX, where rear-wheel is more common (for towing, farm work, etc.) and it's the worst of the possible options for snow/ice driving. Front-wheel is fine, 4-wheel is best (but not essential around here).
Yeah I mean I drive my car here and have for the past ~9 years, so it's definitely doable. But in my experience, rear-wheel *does* make some difference (even with brand new all season tires) and I just wanted to give this person a heads-up, since I too grew up in a place where this wouldn't have been common knowledge.
Cool. I really don't think you'll have too much issue driving here, even with the occasional snow. My comments are mostly so that you can feel more prepared! Welcome to the area, btw. It's very different from Houston, haha, but I've grown to really like it. Edit: I'm in Cincy, not Northern Kentucky, but still.
Lol exactly! The weather will definitely be an adjustment, but personally I love having all 4 seasons. Oh, and almost no mosquitoes or roaches! I love Houston, but I don't miss those guys.
Apparently people with Hulu will be able to watch all of Season 1 in a few days: http://decider.com/2016/01/20/new-movies-shows-on-hulu-february-2016/
LOL: &gt; Barbaro, repped by Main Title Entertainment, will play Everlasting contestant Yael, who will drive Rachel (Shiri Appleby) insane because she’s the hotter, less damaged, not crazy, version of her. Also, I know Michael Rady from both Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and /r/JaneTheVirginCW, so I'm excited about that!
Also, it's kind of a super adorable nickname...
I think she's reading from the script for the movie Belle. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belle_(2013_film)
- Tormund-actor eating the carrot = priceless. You can tell just from those few seconds that his facial expressions are going to be brilliant. - LOL Carice "I fucked up." - Dang, Natalie Dormer looks gorgeous. Emilia Clarke too. Oh that I knew how to make myself up so well. (Or had their faces...) - Omg baby Sophie and baby Maisie! Hilariously, Sophie is dressed like a mini business woman, and Maisie has a borderline soccer mom haircut. - Watching Rory really makes me miss the Hound. - Who was the guy before Momoa?? I thought it was the Mountain at first, but then it sounded like a Dothraki audition?
Mmm, I've seen the movie and I'm fairly certain she's reading the part of the sister Elizabeth (Bette). Might have been released in 2013 but it would have been filmed (and written) a couple years earlier. Maybe the clip is not actually Emilia's audition for GoT?
Aw crumbs! Got out of the shower a couple min later than I wanted and first thing I saw was Donnie walking into the prison cafeteria. Did I miss anything/much before that?
Haha OK great, thanks! I saw the comments about "Sarah Stubbs" and was worried.
:/ I wonder if MK is going to die, so we can keep Cosima... (I feel like at least one clone that we know and care about has to die from this disease, otherwise it's been a cheat.)
Are they, though? :P But I still wish she had told them!
Lol I kind of love Jesus Christ Superstar, so this is both fantastic and terrible.
Where are the prison guards anyway??
WE WIN!
No YOU'RE crying because Donnie's OK and Alison didn't betray them... &lt;3
That silver cape...
I did too, and then I was like, Damn, what am I cheering for? :/
Grr argh, my TWC app froze right after Rachel said "we can still stop her" (meaning Evie Cho) and then next thing I know, Cosima is on a helicopter to their island. Did I miss any critical dialogue? (Thanks!)
I like the blue blazer and polka dot shirt, too!
Based on his blubbering to S, it seemed to me like it started with threatening his niece, then it became financially beneficial, then he just kept getting further in, and honestly there seemed to be a part of him that liked being shady and having an upper hand on people... And that whole swirling mix made up his motivation. (Or maybe I'm reading too much into it? Lol.)
Thank you!!
"Love. It's what makes ~~a Subaru a Subaru~~ you shoot dirty cops who murdered your mother."
AAAAAHHHHH!!!! Best news ever!!!!!
I've been rewatching the early seasons (1-3) and I love how "ugly" and unlikable ALL the characters are at different points. Cristina is straight up savage most of the time. And she abandons Burke in his time of greatest need (after he gets shot). Izzie violates the rules for Denny, gets everyone in trouble, and then is a mega bitch to Callie. Alex is constantly an insecure jerk. Alex is also slutty. Sloan is slutty. Meredith is slutty. Addison and Derek are cruel to each other. Etc. etc. etc. The thing is, they're also a family, and they love each other, and they do things to support each other, to help each other, to *save* each other, even when they're mad or horrible to one another. That was pretty much the whole point. Anyway, I'm not saying what Derek did in the episodes OP mentions is OK. It's not, and that's why Meredith yelled at him. That's also why he spends a lot of S3 earning her back and apologizing for his previous behavior.
We are so excited and hope people will join us for weekly live discussions at /r/UnREALtv!!! S2 starts on Mon Jun 6!
I think Derek's ego became more inflated as the show went on (and I agree that it was very unattractive/unlikable). In these early seasons, though, he's actually fairly humble -- or at least down to earth -- and talks about making mistakes, having to learn still, etc. I also just watched the episodes where Meredith drowns, and Derek chastises her mother for calling her ordinary because she is anything BUT that. (I.e., he admires Meredith. As he did often in these early seasons. Again, something that was woefully lost as the show carried on.) Anyway, I guess I feel like late-show-Derek is not very likable, and because of that, people go back and hate on early-show-Derek, who was a fairly different guy. But that's allowed. I'm just making my case. :) Also, in fairness, "inflated ego --&gt; confidence in risky surgeries" applies to a lot of the doctors on this show, lol. Edit: Oh, and totally agree that there's nothing inherently wrong with being "slutty." But it's not very likable when you're trying to convince a woman that you're in love with her, ALEX (to Izzie) and MARK (to Addison).
Loved reading Appleby's perspective on Rachel. Thanks for sharing!
I completely agree that Meredith, Cristina, Alex, and Mark are all more sympathetic because they own their flaws.
NYT review of the book: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/05/books/review/eddie-huangs-double-cup-love.html?emc=edit_bk_20160603&amp;nl=bookreview&amp;nlid=30909652&amp;ref=headline&amp;_r=0
Just FYI I removed this post because (1) there is no content, just a title, and (2) the title contains inappropriate language for this sub.
That was definitely the look he had in his eye, though.
And seriously pissed me off. First time I couldn't see that thoughtful gleam of truth in what the Sparrow was saying.
Wish I had more upvotes for you/this.
Gonna work in the short-term, be bad in the long-term. Calling it.
LOL. So meta.
Here we go, friends! I'm posting the discussion a bit early this week, since it's the first episode of the new season and I want everyone to have time to get hyped, hehe. This thread (and each week's thread) will be for *both* live and after-the-fact reactions to the episode, so keep that in mind when you're browsing and responding. If you don't want spoilers, either watch live with us, or don't enter the thread until you've caught up! Of course if there's something specific that you want to discuss in detail, feel free to create your own post -- and please make sure to keep your post title spoiler-free! (Or else it will be removed. :P) *If* these threads get long enough, then we'll move to having separate threads for live vs. after-the-fact discussions. Any questions, comments, requests? I think that's it from me for now... Bring on Rachel &amp; Quinn!
Oohh, great info, thanks for sharing! Please feel free to cross-post it to /r/UnREALtv too! And if anyone would like to join us each week for episode discussions, come on down! The more, the merrier. :) Thread for tonight: https://www.reddit.com/r/UnREALtv/comments/4mtdid/discussion_season_2_episode_1_war/
Mod note: I removed this post for lack of relevance to the UnREAL TV show.
They did NOT get tattoos that say "money, dick, power"... OMG LOL.
LOL wtf is this man-camp Chet's doing?
That is one hardcore party...
"He's not *that* black. He's... football black."
"It's your new job, honey bear. I'm Chet, you're Quinn. I say crazy shit, you make it happen."
FYI several of the cast are live-tweeting the premiere using \#unrealtv: https://twitter.com/hashtag/UnREALtv?src=hash
Grand total of 5 seconds of screen time and I already feel sorry for this Dan guy haha.
"Chet? Where did the rest of you go?"
Not gonna lie, he looks good though...
"Wifeys, bitches, and sluts, oh my."
Ew, Chet sounds like a men's rights activist...
"May the best man win." "She usually does."
And that he didn't care. Practically that he was looking forward to it... :/
Aw man. MRA = GROSS. Thanks for the warning.
Oh yeah, he's definitely not over her/what happened last season. Nobody is that vicious/angry if they truly don't care anymore. I *think* he just wanted Rachel to feel guilty about what she had done. I love that Madison ended up loving it, lol. (Even if that's also really twisted, lol.)
Skinny Chet IS the worst. Never thought I'd miss the old Chet...
I think the fact that they already have a 5-season arc in mind is a sign that they are more likely to get each season right. It's shows with no finish line in sight that tend to lose focus and thus quality.
Yeah and we saw hints of that last season, so at first when she was all sad/meek, I thought they were going to abandon the character development (or have her do a 180 as a result of her mother's death) but I'm glad that in the end she's still into this wretched business!
I don't have Hulu so I can't answer that, sorry! But I know last year they put up full episodes on the Lifetime site (which is how I watched) so you may want to check back there tomorrow (or at least 24 hours after the premiere): http://www.mylifetime.com/shows/unreal
Oh, I forgot to mention last night: All those looks between Jay and Dr. Wagerstein whenever Rachel would do/say something awful. I think Jay is legitimately concerned for Rachel. Is Wagerstein? She *looked* like it, but... ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Yeah he's definitely more interesting this year already.
How is this not higher? I literally laughed out loud.
Yeah I really couldn't believe that Sansa didn't point out House Stark had been dismantled via brutal betrayal and murder, by the very Boltons that they too thought they had been allied with. Do you really not see your own doom coming, House Glover?
LOL did not think of that. Was imagining actual dragon. Thought Tormund was just being weird.
Yes. Also, new candidate from GoT: Little Lady Mormont.
Totally agree with your first sentence, completely disagree with Jean Ralphio. I thought they eventually overdid him, and his sister.
You're not in the UK or Germany, are you? Apparently Amazon Prime will be streaming S2 each week: http://www.digitalspy.com/tv/ustv/news/a796870/unreal-season-two-uk-premiere-amazon-prime/ Maybe check Prime in the US anyway, if you have it.
Haha yeah last night I felt like I was watching a crossover between UnREAL and HBO's Ballers.
I'm not inherently opposed to the Chet conflict... but I have to agree, I thought just seeing the new Quinn/Rachel dynamic was compelling enough. I hope the whole season isn't about their war with Chet.
I think Madison is the mini-Rachel, but no one likes her lol.
Well Quinn was proud, lol. But yeah, Jay and Dr. Wagerstein looked more surprised than I thought they should/would be.
I loved So You Think You Can Dance for like 10 years. I went through an HGTV phase when my husband and I bought our first house. Other than that, no, although sometimes my mom watches Idol or The Voice, or my husband watched Food Network or survival shows. (Not Survivor! Survival. Very different.) TBH I think the vast majority of reality TV is terrible, which is part of why I appreciate seeing the "dark" side, I guess. :P
I was referring to viewers, but I think kind of both, haha.
It's "TL;DW" (too long didn't watch) for me right now, but I'm glad you shared it! Btw, did she mention which novels she had optioned?
FWIW, I too want to raise my children in a "mini-UN" environment, like the one I grew up with and loved. Unfortunately I live in the Midwest, sooooo... (sigh)
Yeah I think like half the cast of GoT is more hated than she is.
Lol no you are not.
How funny! Hello! Yeah I live by the university now (been here 10 years but moved neighborhoods last year) so it's a lot better in terms of diversity than where I was before. But it just can't compare to growing up in Houston, where my friends and I literally looked like an ad for United Colors of Benetton, lol. Also, when a place is truly diverse (as opposed to just in pockets) it affects so much more than just the color of skin you see around you. Food, culture, politics, etc. Anyway, it's not a huge deal. There are advantages to where you and I live now, and I'm sure my kid/s will do great here. I wouldn't want to live in Houston again anyway (TOO. DAMN. HOT.) but goodness do I miss Chinatown, esp now that I'm pregnant. :P
Yeah, I think the youngest (Evan) has a distinct personality, but the middle one (Emery) is not entirely clear yet. He's kind of defined as "not Eddie, not Evan" right now. Note: I think the actor is good! I'm talking about the character/writing.
Dude, Blessid Union of Souls?! Heck yeah, can't wait to hear "Hey Leonardo" and "I Believe."
Haha yup! I hope so, anyway, so I have time to make it over there after the FC game. :P
"Daddy needs his conjugal, baby."
Moments like that are even funnier to me after hearing that Tat and Kristian improv a lot. I can just imagine him grabbing her ass and her trying to go with it in character.
We missed you, Meathead. &lt;3
I sure hope TV isn't right about how easy it is to turn a cop, and how many of them are playing for the baddies... :/
ROFL. I'm not sure that extended scene was supposed to make me laugh, but... it did.
Ira: "You really don't like each other, do you?" Rachel: "She put a pencil in my brain." Ira: ... Fair enough.
Charlotte: I like your hair. Cosima: I woke up like dis.
Oh Adele, if only you were as dumb as you seem.
Rachel: This crazy shantytown in the woods with the swan is not that entertaining. I'd like to rent a different movie, please. And something in HD, this time.
I'm gonna forget stuff, sorry, but... - Sarah &amp; Felix land on the island and negotiate a plan of action with Rachel &amp; Ira. A plan to take Evie Cho down, that is. Sarah basically says, "My way or the highway." - Rachel and Ira keep investigating/working on Plan B on their own. - Evie Cho does a TV interview making her out to be a hero bc she's going to build a Brightborn facility in her impoverished hometown. Rachel also realizes this means that BB got gov't funding they were petitioning for, which means they have to stop Evie even more quickly than they thought. (Or something like that.) - Cosima and Susan Duncan are working on the genetics stuff they discussed last time. (Combining Ira's sperm and Sarah's egg, extracting something or other, science science science.) - Donnie gets out of prison, gropes Alison, and they head home to have sex (which you prob did see later) and consult with Adele on their case. - Helena hunts a deer. - Rachel sees stuff in her eye again. An old guy in the woods, the swan, etc.
I thought they explained it in the first or second ep that we met her? Back when Marion was still a thing, lol. I feel like they related it to her being a copy of a copy (i.e., cloned from a clone). But maybe that's my memory making stuff up...
They figured it out, muttered "landline" right before we saw Kendra pick it up.
Ambulance of DOOM.
Angel Helena, coming to answer your prayer in 3... 2... 1...! Edit: Katniss style.
LOL mine too, no worries.
Oh damn. Spoilery prediction: [Spoiler](#s "They're going to give us Delphine, but take away Cosima.")
It would be like the perfect tragedy. :'( :'( :'(
He prob did.
He is SUCH AN ADORABLE TEDDY BEAR in his natural state zomg. &lt;3
? Sorry, can't tell if you're serious (like I violated a rule, which.. I don't think I did? I used a tag!) or if you're just mad at the idea of it, lol.
Lol ok that's what I thought.
End of S3 wasn't impacted by the strike, but S4 def was. Not sure what S5's excuse is. :P OP, I def think the end of S3 (after Meredith's drowning) and all of S4/S5 are so-so, esp compared to the greatness of S1/S2 and first part of S3. There are some good elements (like Lexie!) and arcs (like Alex and Ava) but I don't remember being *excited* about Grey's again until the finale of S6 (which is an incredible, tense two-parter). TBH I think everything after the S3 drowning is up-and-down -- but overall still better than most other TV shows.
Hah, my book club just picked that as our next read! I'm looking forward to it, as I've only heard good things. TBH I don't know if I have any specific books in mind, I was just curious where Constance's tastes gravitated.
Re: Chopper - Probably news crews?
Ditto. And I hate when they're crusty on top of everything else. (So not a baby person.) But again, I'm sure I'll love mine to pieces, even if s/he is gross. :P
I love that they're still buds!! Does anyone know of other behind-the-scenes friendships from Grey's? (I don't follow the cast on social media.)
Chandra Wilson (aka Bailey) and Kevin McKidd (aka Owen) are also trained singers and I thought they did well. Wilson in particular. She sang a couple other times on the series (like a lullaby to a patient once, IIRC). I remember being surprised that Chyler Leigh (aka Lexie) actually sounded pretty good in that ep -- BUT I haven't watched since it aired, so my memory might be making stuff up, lol.
Doh, thanks! Brain fart. :P
Even more shocking was her guest stint on HBO's Girls... o_O
It reminded me of how Rachel so quickly charmed Adam too -- but this time without a romantic angle. I thought it was smart to have that parallel, to show that she could "produce" different types of people in different ways with equal effect. TBH I kind of like the new suitor, too. Then again, I like football, so maybe I'm biased. :P
How about a 3-for-1? Lol. Ramirez, Wilson, and McKidd singing "Chasing Cars" in the musical ep: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdq_F0lT_LI Ramirez def has a stunning voice. And Bailey singing a lullaby to Tucker over the phone (from S3, I think) which is always what I think of when I think of Wilson's voice: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cY5jrRi4dJg Edit: Chyler Leigh singing "Breathe": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4hGDcT-aaI (And holy crap I forgot how emotional this episode was...)
Yeah that was pretty much my feeling as well. I'm not a fan of musical episodes for non-musical shows (Buffy, Grey's, etc.) BUT this wasn't terrible, for me. Just kind of random. But I bet the actors enjoyed changing things up a bit!
Mod note: This post has been removed for not being relevant to the Lifetime TV show UnREAL.
I don't attack churches, but that doesn't make me a Catholic. (That's not snark/sarcasm. I'm legit trying to explain.) But if I say I believe in God and start praying (etc) and take the counsel of the Pope, then I think you could safely argue that I have joined the Catholic church. By convincing/persuading Tommen to ally with the Faith (rather than just tolerate them through inaction) Margaery won favor with the High Sparrow and thus earned herself a Get Out of Faith Jail card. It's not true atonement -- which shows that the HS is not as pure and noble as he claims to be.
Agreed. But also, I think Cal's character just isn't that needed. It was nice to find out who Kira's dad was, and I know they needed a place to hideout for awhile, but now, what role would he fill? We've got a caretaker for Kira (Mrs. S) and we've got a hacker (MK) soooo...?
(A) She left them, they didn't force her out, and (B) I don't think they're trying to exclude her, I think they are trying to keep her safe and away from their mess. They want to protect her "bebes"! I appreciate that, rather than them running to her every time they need someone to "disappear."
Americans be like ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯. (I had to google him, lol.)
"I love you, Donnie." &lt;3
This is a good reason/justification. The non-show answer is probably just convenience for the actress and props department, lol, and ease-of-recognition for viewers.
&gt; For me, growing up, around my 'white' friends I was considered asian. Around my 'asian' friends I was considered white. This, although not my friends, just white people vs. Asian people. My FRIENDS knew I that I identified as mixed and were respectful of that. (Strangely, sometimes *family* is the worst about telling you who/what you are...) Fwiw, you clearly look mixed to me, OP. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Regardless, there's gonna be frustration from all sorts of places in life. This is just one more of them. Try to educate when you can, and let it roll off you when you can't. Don't let anyone try to dictate YOUR identity to you. &lt;3
I would not.
&gt; I heard the account of the person who got shot and gave his phone to a stranger, begging her to call his mom so she knew what happened. I can't imagine having to give or receive that call. &lt;3 It's that, and the thing I read about the emergency responders having to ignore the constant ringing and buzzing of phones as they sorted through the crime scene/aftermath, because everyone's friends and families were trying to reach them (and couldn't). :'( I held my bump and cried and asked my husband if we could put our baby in a bubble for their whole life.
By contrast, I agree 100% with /u/ashmaht on this episode, *but* I think the rest of S6 has been pretty exciting, and (I'm guessing) more fast-paced now that they're not tied to adapting the books as faithfully.
TBH when I watched the sonnet today, I was underwhelmed. I mean, it's moving in context (context of the Tonys, context of the tragedy in Orlando) but on its own it's just OK. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ JMO. That said, a friend and I were recently discussing some authors, and how one of them writes incredible sentence-level stuff but her books don't knock your socks off, while another one has kind of middling prose but you get engrossed in her characters/stories/emotions. It's a "the whole is greater than the sum of its parts" thing. I suspect that's what makes LMM so successful. He taps into that special alchemy. (Helps that he's quite likable, too.)
Love her, love the monologue, love your handwriting.
**Mod note:** This is a great and fascinating read, but there are a few things that I would consider **significant spoilers for Season 2**, starting about 80% of the way through the piece. If you don't want to see them, stop reading at the paragraph that begins with "Marti Noxon returned for the beginning of Season 2."
What a fascinating look behind the scenes! Of particular interest to me: - The meta parallels between what Shapiro is trying to do with S2 and what Rachel is trying to do during S2 -- i.e., offer increased ratings while simultaneously slipping in a more serious political/societal discourse. - Lifetime's push for Josh Kelly (aka Jeremy) to stay and be a central character, and the way Shapiro handled that (hah!). - "Shapiro was a feminist sadist, punishing her unenlightened sisters." - Sounds like Quinn might be based on someone too (i.e., Lisa Levenson). - LOL: "My sister is at Yale and my brother is at Harvard, and my parents think I work in pornography." - The demographics of The Bachelor viewers are surprising to me too! (Mostly female, many with $100K+ annual incomes -- wow.) (And so many of my friends...) - "She was released from her contract and fled to Portland, Oregon, planning to farm kale, sing folk songs, and re-start her life." Not quite how it went down, in the end... Lol. - "Ad guys are the douchiest." In my limited experience, I cannot disagree. (Investment banking might have advertising beat, though.) - The dynamic between Shapiro and Noxon. - The pilot was re-shot?! - "When women set out to hurt each other, they usually wind up hurting themselves." - Oh shit: "In Season 1, the pressures on the producers lead to a contestant’s suicide; in Season 2, even worse will occur." (Note: This is NOT something I consider a spoiler. Too vague.) - Love that they're promotion the use of women directors, including students, and including Shiri!
Ooooyyyy I cannot with the Confederate flag. And I am from the South.
Go, Jay! Go! I'm SO rooting for him and Ruby, the Black Lives Matter girl. (At least as of right now, lol. I fully admit that it's early.) Edit: Wrong name.
Can't believe Chet made the same rookie mistake (playing loud music) that Shia did last year. Or wait, maybe I can, lol.
"Racism is so confusing, isn't it?"
Darius handled that really, REALLY well. He's smooth. And I think he knows they're trying to play him, and he doesn't want to get played... A+ so far.
"Even Obama had to make compromises."
"You're Quinn now, so let me be Rachel." Oh, child...
Oohhh, I was wondering why this "wifey" girl gave Darius that look. Interesting connection.
LOL Hot Rachel sucking up to Real Rachel is kind of hilarious/adorable.
Chantal is SO pretty. I mean, they all are, but she is really stunning to me.
"Chet is manipulating you." "And you're not? As far as I can tell, everybody is manipulating everyone." "Yes, but I'm the only one doing it for the right reasons."
Anyone else planning to watch this Center Stage: On Pointe show? I'm a sucker for dance movies, and Center Stage is prob my fave, so I have to at least give it a shot.
"Rich girl problems are the worst!"
Aww, I really like Tiffany. And I think Darius too. And that makes me think Chet and/or Quinn and/or Rachel is going to destroy her. :(
I think there's a part of Quinn that enjoys the game. Rachel seems more homicidal...
Ooo, look at Rachel going over BOTH Chet and Quinn's heads!
Lol wtf, Chet's cut is crap.
Lol which two?? Rachel and Gary?! Edit: Oh, or did you mean Rachel and Coleman? I think my Time Warner app was a few min delayed.
OH SNAP! I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING! And neither did Rachel...
Lol so far this guy, Coleman, seems WAY too friendly/good-natured to survive the trio of Rachel, Quinn, and Chet...
And OMG he's cute in those glasses. (Strangely, without them, I don't find him as hot. I know him from Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, and /r/JaneTheVirginCW.)
Lol "appropriateness" is not one of Rachel's requirements.
Yeah I couldn't believe Coleman said "leaning Chet's direction" (or whatever the wording was) because, um, no, that would alienate your current fanbase. Hopefully Coleman has something up his sleeve. Or wisens up.
I think Jay is legit worried about Rachel. I think he's also taking this season's race stuff personally (which is understandable).
&gt; I worry that she is letting her mom/Jeremy get under her skin. Oh yeah, I def think she is. I mean, no matter what, your mom is your mom. Hard to ignore. And then for someone you once loved and considered running away to build a life with, to completely turn on you in such a harsh, ugly way? I would def be messed up over all of it...
TBH a LOT of athletes struggle with ditching their entourage/crew, esp if they've been lifelong friends coming out of rough neighborhoods, because it becomes like a brotherhood. Association with less-than-helpful types has been the downfall of many sports stars, so I can totally buy Darius's behavior, even though the rational part of me is like, *Dude, it's only 12 weeks or whatever, they can survive without you.*
Yeah but the way /u/ResistanceFighter1 feels about guns is also the way that many Americans feel about guns.
False sense of security, then. These shootings happen all over our great country. Anytime, anywhere. I don't go about my daily life paranoid about it, but I don't for a second believe that I'm safe just because it hasn't happened near me yet.
How would citizens carrying guns have helped prevent the Boston Marathon bombing?
"Who in the world is truly safe" is a straw man argument. Statistically, billions of people are safer than we Americans are from gun violence. BILLIONS.
&gt; I'm by no means saying these offenses are on the same level, just the feeling by the rest of the world. Gun control, like rights to women and secularism, sounds like a perfectly reasonable idea to literally everyone except America. I've had the same thought. We Americans are too close to ourselves, too biased, to see it clearly, but if we could take a step back and look at ourselves the way the rest of the world does, we might be shocked by what we see. And I do find it increasingly difficult for us to keep proclaiming ourselves the best (or even one of the best) countries in the world when we're so blinded to our own very significant flaws.
&gt; I don't go about my daily life paranoid about it Already said this.
&gt; I don't go about my daily life paranoid about it Distinctly said I wasn't going around scared. But have I ever worried about cancer, drowning, disease, etc? Of course I have. Because I know I'm not magically protected from them, same as guns. The comment I responded to made it seem as if the size of the US made us safe, as if gun violence only occurs in certain areas. That's as patently untrue and illogical as saying we're safe from cancer because the US is big. (Edited then unedited my comment, but now it still has the asterisk. Oh well. See response below for clarification.)
Which is why I said &gt; I don't go about my daily life paranoid about it
Another straw man argument. Those issues are not mutually inverted from gun violence -- in other words, to address gun violence in America, we do not have to trade for other problems. Your argument is as pointless as me saying my house has termites that I want to get rid of and you saying, *Yes but other houses have leaky basements and asbestos.*
&gt; How about we leave the line where it is so some of us have a way to defend ourselves against the criminals and crazies that decide to hurt people.
Source? Regardless, #11 is still pretty terrible, IMO. That's like saying, "10 people have cancer worse than I do, so it's OK."
&gt; self defense is woven in our history True, but everyone IN the US needs to understand/remember, the 2nd amendment was written when muskets, long-rifles, and cannons were about as terrible of weapons as people could imagine. The Founding Fathers did not foresee citizens owning semi-automatic weapons and turning them on each other. &gt; protect us from an over powerful government Which is not the problem. WE ourselves are the problem. There have been many proposed gun control ideas which would not render the gov't more powerful than citizens. &gt; You are taking what we have That, IMO, is the crux of it. It's partly human nature. We cannot stand the idea of someone taking something away from us. &gt; Paris doesn't have the same gun lawzls, yet similar catastrophes happen there and around the world. Restricting gun laws will not help. This is a false conclusion. You're right, Paris doesn't have the same gun laws -- and similar catastrophes do NOT happen there with anywhere near the same frequency as here. No one is under the impression that gun control will eliminate all gun violence in the US. That's an impossible utopia. But just because you can't achieve a perfect 100% doesn't mean you don't try to improve a very dire situation.
It's not a straw man, it's your own words quoted. If I misunderstood, then please enlighten me on your position, bc from where I stand, you're trying to have your cake and eat it too. You have only said "nope!" without clarifying.
Touché, to a degree. In this post we're *mainly* discussing random acts of gun violence (i.e., mass shootings) BUT you are correct that you can statistically increase your safety by avoiding certain areas that are more prone to "regular" gun violence. (How sad that we have "regular" gun violence.) Which is why people do live in certain areas and not others, when they can choose it. So why are other logical measures (such as any number of gun control propositions) not also considered? Sigh.
Agreed, and thank you. I don't think we'll find a perfect solution, but I do believe we can improve the gun problem in America while still preserving a checks-and-balance system on the gov't.
Just because my neighbors are blind to their leaky basements and asbestos doesn't mean they are wrong when they point out my termites and suggest ways to get rid of them. Now if you're saying you don't want your neighbors' opinions, that fine and fair. But that doesn't make them wrong. (Furthermore, I'm not your neighbor, I live in this house, and I want the termites gone. :P)
Yeah it's really unfortunate how that spike occurs. Our culture is so driven by fear and entitlement sometimes, sigh. I'm not sure that spike in gun purchasing can be fixed, though...? Legislation typically doesn't take effect quickly enough to prevent it. So we might be stuck with a one step backward, two steps forward sort of thing. But I still think that's better than not taking any steps forward at all.
It's not silly or ignorant. And to clarify what I meant: it's not that the Founding Fathers didn't think there would be ANY advancement in firearm technology. But there's a big difference between a musket with better accuracy and longer range, and an AK-15 (or whatever). Ultimately, how can I offer evidence that there's something out there we can't even imagine, if we can't even imagine it? (Edit: Best example I can think of -- prior to Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the world could not have predicted the threat of nuclear warfare.) Again, not silly or ignorant. Just not really possible, either.
&gt; The existence of nations with high gun ownership and low violence leads me to believe that what nations with low murder rates and low gun crime have more in common are social safety nets, universal health care, less drug crime, more homogeneous populations, lower income inequality, and better quality police. TOTALLY agree. (And PS I upvoted you. No idea why your comment would get a downvote.) Other than a more homogenous population, I want ALL of those things for America. I think we need to be working on ALL of those things. I believe we can make progress in ALL of those arenas. But I also believe those countries tend to have sensible gun restrictions in addition, and we can/should too. (There's a great comment elsewhere in this thread, detailing said restrictions. I will update with a link if I can find it again.) Also relevant: &gt; I just came from a meeting today in the Situation Room in which I got people who we know have been on ISIL Web sites, living here in the United States, U.S. citizens, and we’re allowed to put them on the no-fly list when it comes to airlines, but because of the National Rifle Association, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun. &gt; This is somebody who is a known ISIL sympathizer. And if he wants to walk in to a gun store or a gun show right now and buy as much — as many weapons and ammo as he can, nothing’s prohibiting him from doing that, even though the FBI knows who that person is. That is a huge problem. (Source: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/obama-to-gun-owners-im-not-looking-to-disarm-you/)
I suppose I'm confused why you mentioned the Boston bombing at all then (if you were not intending to link the two). It's one incident, and not one usually mentioned when discussing how to prevent mass shootings (since it was a bombing, not a shooting).
&gt; It's extremely shaky ground banning someone from buying a gun based on who they support or believe in. Hm, that's a very good point. I'm not convinced that it's a bad idea to enact some sort of gun ban (perhaps a temporary one with periodic reviews? just brainstorming here) on people who have established ties to extremist groups (or gangs, for that matter)... but you still make a very good point that I shall ponder further. I like you. You're reasonable. (And from TX, as am I!)
I don't agree that "firing faster" isn't significantly different -- or that guns aren't substantially more of a threat than bows and arrows, knives, hatchets, etc. -- but I give you an upvote for offering useful information that I can consider, instead of just snark. :) Also, I would like to point out that your comment shifts focus slightly to warfare (possibly led there by my nuclear example) whereas the concern, right now, is for average citizen vs. singular, random act of violence.
Thanks, and ditto.
That's what I'm hoping too!
YESSSSSS!!! Going to cross-post this to /r/Younger. Thanks!
Fwiw, I like all of your names. Also, this is exactly why I'm not telling anyone our names until baby is actually here. :P
US here! Totally cannot remember how/why I got into this show, other than just hearing good buzz about it occasionally, maybe via reddit?
According to this, filming began in March: http://www.ecumenicalnews.com/article/unreal-season-2-shiri-appleby-reveals-show-would-be-back-in-production-by-november-33711 (The headline alone is misleading/wrong. Shiri is quoted more clearly within.) But maybe she/they felt her postpartum look was still too obvious?
Happy birthday!
Ooo, I like this.
Christian Bale was in a Terminator movie? TIL.
YESSS [Spoiler from the pre-episode teaser](#s "Ferdinand's in this one!")
LOL thank you, Krystal's ringtone!
Ooo is this the first time that Josh Vokey (aka Scott) has been credited? Or just the first time that I've noticed?
Hm. Will it make me like him or hate him? Because he's already kinda borderline for me, but I want to be able to enjoy the Batman movies...
Must have missed this last week: https://www.reddit.com/r/orphanblack/comments/4ne0fn/orphan_black_4x09_the_mitigation_of_competition/d436w57
His saving (or at least healing) Delphine makes me inclined to think he's not a villain... But you never know with OB!
Haha yeah me either. It's fun -- but overwhelming -- how fast these threads can go.
Her finding a cure makes me even more certain that Cosima is going to bite it in this ep... :/
You sweet summer child.
"She's doggedly wrong but she gets results!" Can I steal this for my social media bios?
OH. SHIT. As much as I don't like Evie, I also wouldn't wish this on anyone...
Are Ferdinand and Rachel supposed to crack me up / make me happy? Because... they do.
I ship it.
You called it! TBH I'm not sure how I think she fits as a long-term star player (like if she is going to feature heavily in S5)... but I trust the writers and I trust Tat.
Called it! Lol.
"So we have Estee Lauder..." ROFL.
And yet still arrives at the penthouse somehow.
Phew!
Uuummm... How is Rachel so short-sighted that she doesn't realize SHE is part of the THEM that she keeps talking about? What protections does she think she has or will get, and why would she expect anyone to honor them? (Like, have they already? Not so much...)
I actually think she does care for Charlotte...? But not more than she cares for herself, I guess.
"I know you care about Susan." "Oh yeah. They're shagging."
LOL. Although, how does Felix know about that?
And are hopefully noping happily ever after! &lt;3
It feels mean to say this, but I like her SO much more than Kira.
Mother-daughter fights are always the ugliest...
Omg is she going to cut off her mother's head?? o_O Edit: OK that was... better, somehow.
Lol. Took me a second, but good one.
Lol. Cold.
"Don't fall asleep!" ZzzzzZZZzzZZZzz...
No YOU'RE crying...
I... am not certain about that. But yes, a happy moment.
"I finished our homework." How is that line so tragically romantic?
Called it.
WAIT DID COSIMA STEAL THE CURE BEFORE SHE LEFT?! IS THAT WHAT'S IN THE CASE DELPHINE HAD?!
It's extra long tonight!? YAAASSSS!!!! (Except, I am super tired... Oh well.) Edit: Oh jk only 5 extra min. Hello, bed.
Ew, washing in the sink is SO not sufficient for that knife.
At a minimum! Maybe bleach too!
I liked it a lot. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Mmm, I think Susan believes Rachel took it. She said as much to Sarah (and has no reason to lie in that moment?) and I'm guessing it's because when she came down to the lab to bandage herself up, she just saw the empty case and made the assumption. BUT you might be right, and she might have just said that to throw off Rachel's suspicions about where the cure went. That said, I was def surprised that Rachel wasn't more agitated at the end that her leverage was gone.
Aww, when After the Black said blooper reel, I thought they meant from OB itself, not AtB. :/
I'm wondering why Sarah didn't have that one wait for her... Like, how was she planning on getting Cosima out of there?!
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Thank you for this comment. I wish it were higher.
Fwiw, I quit Quantico toward the end of S1. It got progressively worse, IMO. Not even the lovely Johanna Braddy could save it for me.
Yeah, I always always always think "JUST FREAKING ZIG ZAG" in movie/tv show scenes like this (whether arrows, guns, whatever) but tbh I have no idea if I would have that presence of mind in their shoes.
I assume this. And yeah, I teared up in that moment and said aloud, "They're finally home."
Who run the world? GIRLS!
The first half of S1 was fairly good -- at least, good mystery, good characters. But it's pretty clear they weren't prepared for the order of extra episodes (they got 3 or 4 more when they were renewed) and I got tired of having my chain yanked instead of building to a true mystery.
Lady Mormont is not impressed.
Username does not check out... :P
I have a feeling they'll catch up quick.
I think he was purposely lying about it. Like, he remembered it, but it wasn't what he meant in that moment, AND he didn't want to share that fond memory with Tormund.
That's what Krystal said, when she was explaining her take on the conspiracy, which she believes to be between two big makeup corporations, i.e., Estee Lauder and Neolution.
Yes, I think Zula is a really good choice for OP's needs.
I think she had potential to grow as a character, and provided a nice balance to Rachel and Jay, in terms of the producer team. But given the direction they've taken things in S2, I can see how a Shia sub-plot might not have fit as well.
"You've got my back, right?" Such a loaded question, Quinn.
"I'm going balls deep in this bitch."
"War is easy. These girls are hard."
"Why do you care?" "Pretty straight-forward narcissism."
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAH Rachel producing Coleman in the producer's room. &lt;3
OK, if it weren't for the scanty outfits, this obstacle course thing actually looks fun to me... (Like, I would want to try it!)
Chet's dog - sighting!!
"Time to blow this turd up!"
Darius is so interesting to me. He's kinda stiff with the girls, but he's pretty natural off-camera, esp with Rachel (in a non-romantic way). I think he really resents his role in all this manipulation.
Do we think Brandy's mother is real, or a fake planted by Quinn?
OK not gonna lie, Quinn's glee at f-cking up Brandy's life is pretty disturbing/off-putting... And poor Darius! He's hiding an injury (nice catch, Rachel) and I'm pretty sure it just got worse. :/
"That was awful. Genius. But awful."
HMMMM. Is Chet doing all this MANLY MAN RAWR stuff because he's feeling frustrated/emasculated by not getting to be a father to his son...?
Oh noooo... Gary outed Rachel. :(
Omg are Rachel and Coleman the next gen Quinn and Chet?
OH NOOOOOOO. It's Rachel + Coleman VERSUS Quinn + Chet! That is... not going to be good! (Mostly for the collateral damage, aka Darius and the girls.)
Yeah I actually think what Quinn (and Rachel?) did to Brandy last night was worse than what Rachel did to Mary last season -- or even what Shia did to Mary -- because it was so intentional. With Mary, things kind of snowballed out of control; they weren't *trying* to push her over the edge.
&gt; Also is he gonna steal his baby? That is so what the last scene felt like to me... And it *would* fit with his "real men take/do what they want!" attitude now...
Yeah with social media (etc) now, it would be so much harder to get away with this.
Haha people always manage to come in at the worst times, don't they? I finally got my husband to watch /r/orphanblack with me one night, and it was by far the grossest episode of the entire series. He'll never watch again. Sigh.
Do you watch OB? It was in S3, in the Castor camp, when (SPOILERS BUT I WILL TRY TO KEEP IT VAGUE ANYWAY) one of the sestras stabs one of the Castors' *in his brain*. o_O
This. Also, as an emotional person, I really hate the idea/belief that people can't be rational AND emotional at the same time. Some of us can. Just because I'm upset, possibly even crying, or slightly raising my voice, doesn't mean my brain stopped working. That said, I know a lot of people DO say things they don't mean, or say things that skew in their favor, when they are emotional. So like /u/MaybeAnExpert said in their comment, it's a good idea for people with that tendency to work to overcome it. Fair, honest communication generally leads to the best outcomes for everyone.
Yay fellow OB fan! :)
What a great group of women! And quite diverse in terms of age and race, too. Mostly I read the transcript, but I did have the videos playing in the background, and the dynamic between the ladies was interesting.
Mod note: I gave it a "SPOILERS" flair instead of the NSFW tag. Thanks for being conscientious about spoilers!
Oohhh, that makes sense. Good analysis! The only thing I'll note is that I would believe Chet feeling differently about his son now that he's no longer just an abstract thing, and also now that Chet is sober/clean.
What a fabulous interview! Perhaps of special interest to this sub: &gt; **Eddie Huang, whose memoir Fresh Off the Boat is based on, was very vocal in his criticism of the show.** &gt; He's now openly said he's made peace with the show. He didn't know what he was getting into. I didn't know what I was getting into, either. I had a real tough year going from zero to 60. I work out my problems in private. He works out his problems on the page, and that's why we love him. To give him shit for the very thing that made us love him is a slap in the face. And if we have to quiet our authentic voices just to hold on to scraps, what are you really holding on to? I also LOVE her confession about how she used to want to be the one who broke the bamboo ceiling in Hollywood, how she wanted to be the exception, but now she wants all Asians in Hollywood to succeed. I have experienced that sort of maturation myself, and it's embarrassing and humbling to realize/admit, but also so important. Also cool: &gt; **Have the kinds of roles you look for changed?** &gt; I'm developing a project right now that's about the Chinese Exclusion Act, so that's a conscious decision to tell an important story that's never been fuckin' told before. I've been trying to take parts that have an actual arc and aren't just supporting a white person's story. Whereas before, if I was going to be the sprinkle of diversity in a really cool, star-studded cast, of course I would have loved to do that. I'm less interested in that now. I'd rather take the indie drama by Asian-American artists.
So much interesting info here! (Lots of spoilers for that 6th ep, though!) My thoughts/reactions: - Aw, I loved Shiri on Life Unexpected (and loved that show in general) so I'm sorry to hear that it "iced" her career. :/ - Her stint on /r/girls WAS very shocking to me. NOT surprised to hear that it led to more opportunities for her, as she was great in it. - Not gonna lie, I love Ashley Williams too, and I bet she would have been awesome in this show. Maybe they can bring her in later for a guest arc! - I LOVE how hard Shiri worked behind the scenes to give herself opportunities to direct. Like, shadowing different people for years? Damn son, that's dedication. - Plus still working with a coach after all these years? Reminds me of my husband's philosophy: "Always get better."
Ditto 100% to your last paragraph. Just FYI, Life Unexpected and Roswell are both way, way different from UnREAL. They are both CW shows (one from a few years ago, one from over a decade ago!) so they're geared younger, and overall happier, although there's still some drama. In Roswell, Shiri's character is the main protagonist, and she's very cute/sweet/wholesome. In LUX, she's older and more complex. Like I said, I really enjoyed both shows, and IIRC they were each only 2 or 3 seasons long. Girls is "grittier," so I think there's more obvious overlap with UnREAL there, although the characters are not self-aware like Rachel and Quinn are, which makes them more annoying to most people.
I never noticed before, but did Matthew have a woman as his best man? That's awesome.
I think that's meant to make the world think that Sin Rostro/Rose is dead, and yeah they just had someone random take on Sin Rostro/Rose's face. (That person probably did not know the plan was for them to die...)
Yep. Link: http://tvline.com/2016/06/22/gilmore-girls-revival-michelle-obama-photo-netflix/
&gt; is it really as bad as [hapas subreddit] make it out to be? No, it's not. /r/mixedasians was basically created because [hapas subreddit] is so extreme and often toxic. I'm a girl, but I grew up very close with 3 boy hapas. (All of our moms knew each other from Taiwan and happened to end up in the same US city later and marry white guys haha.) I do think it helped that we had that network of fellow hapas, because it normalized that for us from a very young age. But more importantly, we just lived in a very diverse and open-minded environment, and our parents did various things over the years that encouraged us to explore/connect with our heritage. For example: go to Chinese New Year celebrations, go to Chinese school, eat Chinese food, visit our Chinese family in both the US and Taiwan, etc. It wasn't about forcing us, it was about giving us opportunities and exposure. I really don't think there was anything special that my friends needed as hapa BOYS, versus me as a hapa GIRL... I will say that out of all of us, I probably identify closest to my Asian heritage, but I think that's more because my mom has a stronger personality/force than my dad does on our family, whereas in their families, their (white) dad exerted more influence. And anyway, it's neither better nor worse. I think most halfies find a place on the spectrum, in terms of how they identify with race.
Same here. I might have slept through it, but my dog got up all anxious and pace-y before the rain even started. Sigh. I eventually got him to settle down by letting him cuddle under the comforter, so now he's calm and sleepy again, and I'm wide awake. Thanks, dude.
Hm, well, fwiw, I've never noticed him in that sub. There are two other users who frequently post there -- who I will not tag by name, just in case they'd rather not be highlighted -- and they've always had thoughtful links or comments to share.
Prob not Houston, which has those air quality control warnings all the time. (Source: grew up there.)
Agree with the techniques in this thread. Maybe try Norwood.
Yep this is what happened, IIRC. FWIW, I don't think Jane would have taken Plan B anyway.
"It came out of her vagina! So no, I don't want to hold it."
Yael is definitely playing him. Just a matter of why. (I'm guessing more/better camera time?)
Had to watch late bc I'm solo babysitting my 19 month old niece for almost two weeks (omg help me!) but I loved reading everyone's comments! Here are mine... - Ew, Quinn treating Rachel just as messed up as her mom does. - And, given the hint of what Quinn said about her dad, maybe it runs in her family too... - Interesting that Chet seems to actually care about Quinn still. - Ugh, Rachel, and everyone else, risking Darius's health and life. :/ - Poor Romeo, actually trying to look out for his buddy, and being thwarted. - Chet DID kidnap his son!!!!! - Dangit, DVR, missed the last couple min... Will have to catch them On Demand later. (Or someone can fill me in? Last thing I saw was Rachel asking Coleman, "Want a beer?")
THE SKULLS! That whole outfit was strangely awesome.
Yeah it was a sad, sick reversal from last season -- but in a way that made total sense. Quinn is 110% Team Rachel, until Team Rachel turns against Quinn.
Perfect recap, lol, thank you!!
Ooo interesting, thank you! I like how they tied it all together, thematically.
LOL! If this is from S1, he must have been imagining his future with Jane if she kept the baby? Regardless, it's adorable/hilarious.
