Grooves around the edge of the coin were added to prevent this. You can't really shave them down because they won't look the same.
&gt; I guess it's a thing you beat fish to death with if you live someplace where you aren't allowed to take fishing knives with you when you go fishing? I guess. I'm not from UK, so I just take a knife with me when I go fishing. The brits probably decided that letting the fish just flop around on the ground near you is very inhumane and they must be killed as soon as possible.
Site becomes english if you click that little UK flag in the top right corner.
Well, that's a powerful car, it's over 900. I wouldn't expect anything less than shaking.
Most games and software that I use are not available on Linux.
In the first video that guy didn't even get into police car's lane. Stupid cop, can't drive.
Used one in school while training. Don't have one at work. We mostly do aluminum. We have some parts where allowances are 0.005mm (less than 0.00002 in) but the machines we use are fairly decent, so we don't really need grinders.
You should chew your food better.
I feel indifferent. On one hand, stupid DRM sucks. On the other, more popular games are hacked quicker, allowing me to try them out. Hacked games are almost always better than the legal versions.
You can smoke hookah with wine...
"Bi" is just a latin prefix, meaning "two". Same principle as "bicycle", "tricopter" or "quad bike".
Nah, Europeans hate smokers just as much as anyone else. It's banned in a lot of places, some countries banned smoking in parks and various popular public places. I think Austria is the last one where you can smoke in restaurants. They usually have separate, well ventilated areas for smokers.
I never rinse rice. Stickiness depends on the brand more than anything else.
&gt; If you blink and miss the sign, you have no idea what kind of road you're on? Well then pay attention and don't go *that* fast, then you won't miss signs.
There is, but there's no point in using it. Let's be honest, google already knows pretty much everything about us (Chrome, Gmail, Youtube, etc.), disabling "Anonymous location reporting" won't do much. On the other hand, it benefits all other users. Google uses all that real-time data to determine where the traffic jams, road works and accidents are and suggests a faster route.
&gt; Are they planning something? Yes, they're searching for another old calendar or a vague prophecy about rivers of blood.
&gt; Except they don't. # &gt;If you turn on location history, then they track your location These two statements of yours contradict each other. Sending anonymous usage data is on by default. I'm guessing that your travel speed and location are in that data.
Come on, old Hondas are sweet little cars, especially if you want to start working on cars as a hobby and need a cheap start. They're reliable and easy to fix.
Nah, they just use angle grinders and Dremel tools.
Wait, really? Fuck...
80 tools? Damn, I don't have that many. 32 tool holder in mine, it's enough for pretty much all the parts I make.
Out of how many? I mean, what's the percentage of failed drives?
Six seats that move, headsets and Oculus for everyone. Didn't ask the price. http://i.imgur.com/bd4wtI0.jpg
Oh, stop the bullshit. We don't need more women in the industry just for the hell of it, or to make sure that it's all "fair and even". We don't need more men either. We need photographers. Hiring someone because of their gender and not because of their skills is sexism, even if you hire a woman.
&gt; But watching the three of them do something incredibly stupid makes me chuckle. It's like one of those shows in the movie Idiocracy. Someone farts and you laugh.
Mhm...
Geographically it's in Central Europe, as the center of Europe is next to Vilnius. Culturally it's in Eastern Europe, as we're all still against gays and half of our population believes that it was better in the Soviet Union. Visually we're Northern Europe, since we're right next to Sweden, which is Northern Europe. We are moving towards the Northern countries culturally, though. People are becoming more educated, technologies are improving, wages are rising.
Insanely fast, radar-invisible robots would be quite cool, right?
Why are you asking me, I don't have super-intelligence yet.
I didn't go back there. So many other things to see around the city, so little time. I doubt it would be much more impressive than Google Cardboard, considering that you don't get any controller or anything. It's just a video.
Now weld it to the boat and get a seriously awesome amphibious thing!
One more photo is missing. You didn't power-wash your legs.
GTA V is such bullshit. They suddenly increased the price to 75 euros (used to be 60 when it came out on PC) and then made a "massive discount" down to 55 euros.
Tried Spotify and Google Music. They're both essentially the same thing. Playlists, discovering new music, downloading stuff for off-line listening, etc. The only difference is that Spotify costs 7 euros per month and G Music costs 5, so I use Google Music.
&gt; Up until 1990 USSR didn't have an official language. Yea sure. Everyone just used English.
Doctor.
I felt sorry for the guy. I mean, $8000...
Still better than UAB Molesta.
Lithuania is quite okay with it, though. All those refugees will run to UK or Scandinavia as soon as they can, anyway.
It's "hole", goddammit.
How batshit insane are you?
It's expensive because it's gold. Crush it all you want, gold will still be gold.
Do you think the same about their food?
Generally everyone (especially women) are expected to have children at some point. Friends, parents and various relatives will constantly complain about wanting a grandson and stuff like that. Reddit is one of few places where childfree people are supported, so putting it out here makes sense.
This is not one of those times.
Nope, it's a drain.
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8uCeyUl_9U)
You have some good points, but I disagree that legalizing lane splitting will make lane splitters more cautious. It will just make bikers feel even higher above all other road users than they are now. We don't have that many bikes here (it rains or snows for three quarters of the year) yet they themselves are the cause of most bike-related accidents. Usually due to speeding and ignoring normal, simple, old rules, such as no cutting off cars, obeying the traffic lights and similar stuff.
Every new update will be paid DLC. Wanna go to Duna? That's a DLC. Wanna add larger boosters? DLC. Wanna collect science from the North Pole? Yup, DLC. Just like Minecraft.
I always just continue driving normally. They're blowing past everyone, that's why I nearly hit them. It's kind of difficult to expect a biker to speed up to me, lane splitting at 40+mph through traffic, ignoring all traffic signs and rules. Obviously I'm not going to hit them or try to scare them in any way. My car is quite rare, so finding new body panels would be a bitch. It's not me who has to drive more cautiously or respect them. It's them who need to grow up and start obeying some rules, if they want to get any respect from anyone. They're not too different from cyclists, in many ways. For these guys, road is about friendship and sharing and car drivers are so selfish and not friendly. That's until there's a red traffic light and they just ride past it, because fuck that shit.
Ha, that's never going to happen. Small studios release games in Alpha state, say that they will finish them and often abandon them somewhere mid-way. Large studios are too large to avoid pre-orders, look at Simcity, GTA V and stuff like that. They're still broken, even if so much time has passed.
People get shot by police literally every day. Often for no reason at all. Often when running away. How many of them do you see on the news?
What about the speedometer? It should show significantly lower speed than with stock wheels, right?
I unsubscribed from that place because it was just a constant stream of fat ugly people wearing colourful scarfs.
No. He only sleeps in ashes, which aren't all that dirty, really. Way cleaner than those guys who sleep in their own shit and vomit, and have all sorts of infestations in their hair and clothes.
Do you remember how the first plastic 3D printers looked? They were tiny and their results were pathetic. A couple years later and they're printing very high quality, strong (or weak, you can choose) parts of any shape. Same will happen with metal. First steps are obviously ugly, but the quality will improve very quickly.
The best thing about these old movies is that this is definitely not CGI, they were actually falling into huge cakes and throwing pies into each other's face.
Things can be true, wrong, or somewhere in the middle. If I told you that I have a million dollars in cash, would you believe me? No, you'd say "Prove it, because I don't believe you". You're not saying that I definitely, absolutely don't have a million dollars, and it's not your task to prove that I don't have them. It would be my task to prove that I do. Same with god. You can claim that it exists, but I don't believe you. Prove it, or I will remain in my state of disbelief.
It can charge an iPad once? Doesn't iPad have a 6600 mAh battery? I'm guessing that 11200mAh in the description is like a model number or something, not actual capacity. Similar to those knock-off chinese iPhone 3G phones, which didn't actually support 3G networks and "3G" was just a name of the phone.
At least I'm not fat.
I provide jobs to 8 year olds who would otherwise starve to death.
All dedicated dashcams (and then some action cameras too) will record in loops. You choose the length of a video file (3 min, 5 min, etc.) and it just records these short clips until it fills the memory. Then it deletes the oldest file to make room for new ones. All dashcams have a "Save" button, you press it and they won't delete that file. I usually drive a few months before I need to take the card out and copy all the saved files to my PC.
G1W-C is a capacitor version instead of a battery, recommended to those who live in very hot or very cold places. Batteries are not good with extreme heat.
These are so minor that I can't even. Lots of real estate was returned. If a building couldn't be returned (say, there's a business in it, which has already invested a ton of money and evicting them wouldn't do any good) then the applicant is offered another property of equal value. These cases have been going on since the independence and they will continue for many years, so it's not that. As for exams, they are just looking for things to complain about. We have more foreign-language schools in Lithuania than any other country in the world, yet they still complain. Half of those schools are half-empty, yet the communities still protest against changing them into normal schools. They don't really want to assimilate, even if it would be beneficial for everyone in the long run. You can't get a job in Lithuania if you don't speak the language. Of course, unless you live in one of those few small areas with Polish majority. &gt; There were laws for protection of minorities and all. Minorities no longer need protection. No one is discriminating them. One of the biggest debates right now is whether to let them use Polish letters in their names, in passports.
Overtaking like that is very common and accepted in Poland. I just went there for holidays last week. I was going down a country road like this and there was a big trailer truck coming the other way. And then another similar truck decided to overtake that one. I think I even got it on camera.
Literally hundreds of insanely smart people with millions of dollars at their disposal are working to make sure that the car goes as fast as possible. The car can't go very fast if the driver is really uncomfortable and loses all sense of his feet after 30 minutes. So I'm guessing that it's actually quite comfy, even if a bit cramped in there.
&gt;There is a section in the side bar saying where to start and what to buy. &gt;A quick Google search of “Best quads for beginners” will yield at least 20 useful results. &gt;There are also hundreds of build guides on Youtube See, that's the problem. As a recent beginner myself, I was just so overwhelmed by the amount of information. Hundreds of search results mean hundreds of different opinions, a hundred people naming a hundred different combinations of components as the absolute best for a beginner. I can understand why some people might want some advice/answer aimed directly at them. I did my own research and figured that the best way is to simply copy someone else's setup that works well. I would find a build log and start looking for identical components, but then something would be out of stock. Or some motors would have an upgraded version available for a lower price, but then you need different ESCs, or a different battery. Then you need larger props to fully utilize those motors, which means that your frame will be too small. You get the idea. I just bought a HobbyKing 250 quad, which comes with everything except the flight controller and RX/TX. Around $100 and it flies, even though it's fairly shitty and I could've gotten a better setup for the price.
Heyy, Lithuania!
Here it's a shortening for "speed-o-meter".
&gt;&gt; You just said that Vilnius belongs to Poland. &gt; Oh did I? Can you please provide a suitable quote? Sure, it's right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3almeo/lithuania_to_become_first_country_to_arm_ukraine/csdxuz0). &gt;If anything the city has hardly been ever "Lithuanian" except in some ancient time when it was a castle. Similarly so were the lands around the city. You can easily find the maps and data on the internet. Baltic Lithuania was to the north. &gt;If people feel bitter about Vilnius it is because the city was Polish between the wars and then when it was taken over by Soviets So Vilnius was never even part of Lithuania. Cool. You really have a lot of similarities to Putin, he thinks that the soviet occupation never happened. &gt;&gt;because it was founded by Polish people &gt;And to this too... It's called sarcasm. I wouldn't expect you to understand it. &gt;Poland was the first independent country to recognize independent Lithuania - Oh cool, you continue making shit up. First was Iceland, it's an important piece of our history, so even young schoolchildren know that. I'm surprised that you don't, because you talk like an expert of Lithuanian history and educational system. Then it was Denmark, Slovenia, Russia, Croatia, Latvia, Norway, Hungary, Argentina and France. Only then, after all those countries (you decide if they're independent enough for you) on 25th of August 1991 those countries were joined by Bulgaria, Italy, Canada, Poland, Malta, Portugal, Romania, San Marino and Ukraine. So yea, you're not all that helpful. By the way, Polish occupation of Vilnius in 1920-1939 was an occupation. I know that you think differently and it's fine. You're a pathetic little nationalist who shouts a lot, yet fails to see the hypocrisy. Fix your own country before telling others to fix theirs.
Hot girls are hot, they look like someone to have wild fun with. Cute girls, the ones you would want to marry.
Is English version really the most accurate? Picking on tiny details seems kind of silly.
&gt;Namely, there are people who have private experiences of God. Hearing God speak to you, feeling the presence of God, and so on Human mind is a very fragile and imperfect thing. Hallucinations and weird thoughts appear often. Personal experiences are absolutely meaningless. If god communicates with you in some way, then he's interacting with our physical world. One way or another, it can be measured or observed. Do it, post results, then we'll talk.
My bath is in a separate room from the toilet. I have a trashcan in the toilet for visitors. Toilet paper is flushable and toilet paper rolls go in the normal bin.
Well, they *are* black...
Because they look like someone who's looking for fun and not a serious commitment. Someone who will leave you as soon as a better option becomes available. Obviously there are exceptions, this is just an initial impression. I'm way more attracted to cute girls than hot ones for this reason. I'm not looking for short-time fun.
Because it's dangerous. Lanes on roads are for a reason.
I cleaned bathrooms for one summer in a factory. Men are way cleaner than women.
Don't feel too bad, our free channels are also stuffed full of ads. Sometimes there's even a little spinning banner in the corner during The News. Advertising some stupid cough syrup or something. Paid ones aren't, though. They do have commercial breaks, but they only show trailers of other shows on the same channel and what's coming up next week.
It was not supposed to be a monopoly scheme. Here in Lithuania we have a similar system, except that the government issues special number plates for taxi cars. This ensures that all taxi cars are licensed, regularly checked (strict technical inspections every 6 months) and the drivers pay all the taxes. This was needed because lots of illegal taxi drivers existed, who would stand near train stations and similar places and ask people if they need a taxi. These guys weren't paying any taxes, their cars were pieces of shit with barely working brakes and they would overcharge you if they saw that you're new in the city. Uber is just like these illegal guys, no taxes, no background checks, no technical inspections (for normal cars inspections are done once in 2 years, they're less strict), the drivers could easily be serial killers for all you know. Also, just for context, we have several taxi companies who use smartphone apps, have wifi in their cars (some even have Android tablets to play around). There's also a new app called Taxify. It's just like Uber (see where your car is, leave reviews, pay by card or add the payment to your phone bill) except that you have to be an actual taxi driver to show up on the map.
&gt; With words like "breeding" I used words from *underthesign*'s comment. I'm sorry if that offends you. You can call me islamophobic if you want, I won't tell on you. Islam in Europe brings nothing but pain and deaths.
Sigma 17-50mm F2.8, more than enough for typical holiday stuff. I also took 50mm F1.8 just in case, but never used it.
That's exactly what Europe is trying to do. Unfortunately, many immigrants don't really like these "consumerist, indecent" Europeans who mock their holly religion.
There's a really high possibility that they came from Eastern Europe, as buyers from those countries are almost as common here, as local buyers. Buyers from Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and all that region are common here.
&gt; Sometimes these are also one whole piece There's no such thing. I have had many holes in exhaust systems of my cars over the years, never bought a whole thing. Just cut the rusty bit out with an angle grinder and weld new one in. Any decent mig welder could do it.
Oooh, we should have a thread with these.
So what is it?
[Amazon](http://www.amazon.co.uk/SanDisk-2GB-microSD-Card/dp/B000X4B30O/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435405944&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=micro+sd+2gb) is full of these.
Because they're preventing future profit. Even if you donate these fancy chairs to some not-so-fancy home, this home will now have a chair. So they won't buy a new chair for a long time, as they just got a brand new one. High quality, too.
I'm really loving the Electro Swing genre, [this stuff.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6-TWRn0k4I) I haven't met anyone who didn't like it.
Stop saying "as a cancer patient".
Great. And what are we going to do with millions of migrants who will follow?
Unless you're good looking and know how to talk to the ladies.
We should buy it. Get some money together and just buy it. All the testing and science equipment could be thrown away, since it's probably useless anyway. Make a few cabins inside, a bar or something and then take people for a ride around some big lake.
She sounds like a bitch. They're doing her a service by hiring her. They're not obliged to do that. And now she's calling them names for "making her work more than she normally would." Well, bitch, don't take the job if you don't like it. Also, she most definitely can afford a babysitter.
Underground is heating pipe. Warm.
Do you know what fuel it takes? Is it standard jet fuel?
Well, it is way safer than any other reliable source of power that we have, soo... Burning coal kills way more people than nuclear power, due to pollution and cancerous stuff in the smoke.
328i seems to be way higher class car than a Mondeo, I think. Here a new Mondeo costs 22 000 euros, new BMW 114i (5 door version) costs 24 000. Not that much of a difference. It's even smaller with used cars.
&gt; pansexual What the fuck is that.
&gt; Where does that put me? A woman? Liking football, cars, beer, short haircuts and no makeup doesn't make you non-binary pansexual cis-something. It just makes you a woman who likes whatever she likes. I don't see the point of those silly titles.
In fact, they even said that it will air at the same time on Sundays as the BBC version.
Nah, it's actually pretty cool.
&gt; Aha, skani. Bet tas skonis turi savo kaina. O tai kokia ta kaina? Kenčiantys gyvūnai? O jeigu gyvūnai yra auginami gryname ore, pamiškėje, toli nuo miesto ir automobilių, ganosi didelėje pievoje ir maitinasi laukiniais augalais, o ne sausu pašaru, tai jie irgi kenčia? O kai ateina *ta* diena, tai bac su specialiu pneumatiniu aparatu į viršugalvį ir smegenys išsijungia greičiau, nei gyvūnas spėja pajausti skausmą. Ta ėriena brangiau kainavo, bet užtai skonis....
&gt; Give them somewhere to sleep and eat. That's precisely why they come to Western Europe, free food and free accommodation. They'll even get some money for free, if they're lucky.
We have additional signs too. Also, many years ago new drivers here had to have 70 sticker on the back of their cars, because this was the top speed they were allowed to drive for the first two years (~44 mph), unless road signs showed lower speed limit. Then someone figured that these people should be allowed to go 90 km/h (56mph) on highways, as maximum allowed speed there is way higher than in cities and someone doing 70 would be dangerous. Highways are 130 km/h (81 MPH). So now the "Noob sticker" is a [Maple leaf.](http://i.imgur.com/98ZmlIq.jpg) No idea why. Some people got [creative.](http://i.imgur.com/QL54AQx.jpg) This isn't even Canada, I don't know why they picked a maple leaf.
...by occupying it. Yes, I'm sure that will work out great.
Australia had Top Gear?
So you're equating purse-stealing gypsies to multi-billion dollar world-wide institutions?
You don't sound nice at all. Also, running your own cnc lathe at home definitely doesn't cost $500 per hour.
You have to agree, buying a car that's internationally known as a douchemobile is a really bad decision.
What..? They're literally the opposite. 3D printing stops being 3D printing when you stop adding stuff and start cutting it away.
I really don't like people who scream in such situations.
And why is that a problem? Also, such generalizations are true more often than not, which is how they become so popular. I'm in Eastern Europe. Douchebags here *love* BMWs, especially old and cheap ones. They buy a piece of shit with 1.8L engine and then imagine that they're Schumacher because they have RWD car.
Brits are well known as some of the trashiest drinkers in Europe.
Lithuania. Alcohol is now banned from petrol stations. Geniuses at the parliament figured that drunk drivers must be getting drunk when they stop for petrol, so this must help solve the problem. It's ridiculous.
If it's cutting, then it's not printing. There are machines which can cut AND print at the same time, but they have different tools for both processes. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr_PneeyO34) is one, it prints metal and then cuts it. Cutting at the moment is always more accurate than printing.
They took the body off and moved the battery to the passenger footwell. And added a snorkel. It's not a custom vehicle, it's a factory one with the body removed.
Wait... oh my god, ohh so exciting, is this actually real? You're not joking!? We can actually take photos AND videos with our phone!?? This is revolutionary!
Aye. What did the trick was dropping it screen-down on concrete. The digitizer cracked but it still works. I got a 5X anyway.
That's not a very good shot.
That's good to hear. Buttons shouldn't be an issue as I don't use them much anyway. Protection is more important. Now it's without any case and it just feels... naked. Also not very grippy.
Mine came with silver coating, it came right off after a bit of brake cleaner. I think it's more to prevent rust while it's in storage, rather than anti-squeal.
Those were standard ATE rotors with a matte silver coating, looked like [this](http://i.imgur.com/dYp39Bo.jpg). Also, as I said, it came right off after a bit of brake cleaner.
But only organic water.
Lots of bars use it to make their drinks look fancier. Last year some girl downed two such drinks before the nitrogen had time to warm up, nearly died.
They have borsch. Šaltibarščiai is not just cold borsch.
You did down.
No, absolutely not. You probably never tried either if you say that.
&gt; Look at Starbucks, who's paying medical benefits and college for its part time workers. They don't need to, but I got no problem spending $5 on a drink there because they do. See, that's different strategy, same goal. They want more money, so they invest here and there and then get a lot more in return.
I only have a few games (12 or so) and there's still not a lot to buy. Most big titles cost way too much for what you get. GTA V is still 60 euros and it's a half-finished game. Just Cause 3 is the same as the previous version, a huge map but every base is just copy-pasted and identical to every other, basically.
I did! Now I live in a city which has these yellow rectangles in all intersections, to mark the zone where you can't stop, so you can clearly see if you can go or not. And nobody honks if you stop before it, while the light is still green! It's awesome.
&gt; This was a blatant ambush to spout his own biased opinions. Right, you could even say that he brought a gun to a fist fight.
Nonsense, Lithuania just received a bunch of immigrants recently and they're all happy and stuff! One family with two kids, to be more precise. They'll leave as soon as they're released from the immigration centre, I'm sure. It's cold here and they will never get any work.
Mods cause issues even if you keep them in Singleplayer. Online part of the game is full of cheaters.
Lietuvoj internetas daug kartų greitesnis, tai neturėtų dėl to bėdų būti.
Online is horribly broken and it will never be fixed, because it would require a complete overhaul of the whole thing.
&gt; a You can't just replace beef with chicken and still call it a beef steak. Šaltibarščiai has a fairly strict recipe and you'll find it exactly like that in every restaurant in Lithuania. &gt; b Eggs are in the soup, not as a side. One of the key ingredients, really.
That dickbutt was a bit too obvious...
&gt; which is also making me feel like shit Try exercising instead. That way you can still eat and it's fine, as long as you run at least a few miles every other day.
Most pro-ISIS europeans will never actually do anything bad, never blow up people or stab someone. It's just the loud minority causing problems.
Lol amiright, this is just a prank lol, who cares, like, whatevs, it's a shitty bathroom anyway lol. /s
So it's confirmed, Michiganians really have no fucking idea how to drive in winter?
He has to scream at the one who is to blame here, and it's definitely not him, soo...
I doubt OP has bolt-ons. Those are reserved exclusively for old porn actresses.
&gt; how can you believe such a species evolves with an understanding of science and complete model for the universe without making conjectures and bad theories and be completely atheist? Very simply. I'll try to find an answer if I don't know something. If I don't know why some process happens the way it happens, I'll test it, measure it and see if anything meaningful appears. If not, then I will NOT just drop everything and say "Oh well, must be god. Let's just forget this issue and go do something else." Believing that god is the reason is giving up. It stops progress.
That's from Four Lions, isn't it?
I believe it. There are lots of immigrants from Eastern Europe. As a result, there are large communities where those same people open businesses, corner shops, etc. There's really no need to learn English if you're Polish, for example. I've worked in several factories while studying there, met lots of people who couldn't say a word in English. There were at least 4 Polish food shops within walking distance of my house.
I have. I never actually bought the game. I torrented it, played for a while, then dropped it for a year. Then downloaded a newer version, played for a bit again, it's still not that great, so now I'll continue waiting.
Heh, glad you like it. Also, my cat jumped up quite high when I clicked that Play button.
I'm not sure if they have ratings, but my local gym has personal cards that you scan on each machine and they automatically adjust the seat height, the weights and all that, and it tracks how many reps you do. You can then see your progress online. Ratings might be against privacy laws or something.
Oh shit, you know him?
They'll figure it out eventually. Sometimes they ask questions specifically to check who's lying, for example about some non-existing place.
Dolphins play. They'll mess around stationary boats just for the hell of it. Sometimes they just float head-down with their tail sticking out of water.
How useful is that info, really?
Depends on the tool. Some are really quite noisy. This one is quiet because it's running at fairly low RPM.
Those facing tools can often deal with a lot of heat. Coolant could even be bad for it, because you'd end up with constantly cooled tool while the cutting edge would remain really hot, as it's cutting. Differences in temp could cause it to crack, even.
Many people believe because it makes them feel better. Is that good enough of a reason?
Donors often feel quite brave, I occasionally see some without licence plates. They're fast, so they feel immune to police.
But then your hand would block it.
Wait, the freezing temp for beer is the same as for water? Shouldn't it be lower because of alcohol in the beer?
You're absolutely right. As a result, you shouldn't believe in god now. Meanwhile, they will believe in whatever they want and it's not up to you to say that they're wrong in doing so.
&gt;why would anyone even expect them even believe me? Obviously because you have irrefutable arguments and bullet-proof logic. Yet instead of ending the tyranny of ISIS, you go after innocent people who do no harm to you or anyone else. I would even say that they're better people than you, as they don't intentionally look for someone to offend.
So you'd happily give up pretty much everything you have?
Streets ahead. I think that design is better, but obviously that's subjective. I like on-screen buttons. What's best is that you get pure, true Android, just as it was conceived by Matías Duarte. No stupid Samsung crapware and their shitty "Samsung Photos" apps or whatever. As a result, it runs faster. Also, you're always the first one to get updates.
And the rest are soo jealous.
It was like [Pwhooh!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Vc9LBe3dBI)
&gt; If you dislike other people's reasons for doing something, you expect them to hold to an agreed upon standard Not doing, *thinking.* What you're proposing here is thought police. You think that Star Wars: The Force Awakens was the best of all the Star Wars movies? Prove it. Prove that it was the best. You think that mint ice-cream is disgusting? Prove it. Do you get it?
It won't go anywhere. It's asked several times a week, every week, for the past 6 years. It often ends with the religious person leaving because they start getting threats, someone starts brigading their facebook and so on, while the "brave atheist" walks away victorious, as if he just solved world hunger or something.
&gt; Yes, I am. No, not really. You just say "That's a bad reason, you're stupid. Think of a better one." is not much of a challenge. Most people will just walk away, as clearly you will just reject everything they say. It's like asking a muslim "What if you're wrong?" They'll never give you an answer, they'll just keep repeating that they're not wrong.
The most important question: do you have a toilet in there?
[Here ya go.](http://i.imgur.com/p55fnjd.gifv)
Get out of here, you rich fuck.
But it is suppressed. How long did it take for the New Years assaults to surface?
&gt; $290k Here's some advice if you break some bones again: buy a lot of cocaine, snort it to numb the pain. Then buy the next ticket to anywhere in Europe, first class. Book some fancy hotel for a week. Go to a fancy private hospital, they'll fix you up real good. Then you'll have a few spare days to do some shopping, maybe a new suit or something. I can recommend a good tailor if you're in London. Then you fly back, first class too, obviously. And it will still cost less than that.
&gt; if it were really as bad as you allude to, then who would ever buy the crap? Countries who don't have much of a choice. According to [this PDF](http://books.sipri.org/files/FS/SIPRIFS1503.pdf), 60% of all Russian exports went to India, China and Algeria. India and Algeria are poor, they couldn't afford much more expensive American or German equivalents. China is an old ally of Russia, they share technical knowledge and stuff, so it's understandable too. Another 12% went to Africa and 10% to Middle East.
I'd say hire India, but we all know what happens when "Our Windows server has detected a virus on your computer, please give me your card details and we will fix it."
Check out a few articles there, see what they're about.
Wait, just to clarify, what's wrong with having an expensive hobby? I'd think that most hobbies become quite expensive if you really get into it.
&gt; and use it to feed their sexism. They express their anger about women who get away after doing some really shitty things. They don't just say that all women are evil.
&gt; fines, of any kind, should not be a revenue stream; In my country the police officially announce when and what sort of inspections they will be doing. February 1-10 will be speed control, 11-17 will be seatbelts, child seats and winter tyres, 18-24 will be drunk driving, etc. We also have road signs a couple hundred meters in front of every stationary speed camera, so that the drivers actually slow down in those zones.
The first line is him quoting himself, neat. And then one of the tasks to achieve is &gt;-Designing all electro-mechanical systems and subsystems to be nearly impossible to reverse engineer. So he would make it unnecessarily complicated just for the hell of it.
Did you delete the photos? I'm getting 404 error.
In such cases I just mark it as spam.
Nah, I'm just saying that fast food isn't seen as something that you would eat daily. Normal food is cheaper.
Weird little country from some cold corner of Europe reporting in, we have bi-annual inspections. Unfortunately, many mods are frowned upon. You can upgrade your brakes or lift/lower the car. Body kits are also allowed, as long as they don't make your car more than some 12 inches wider or longer. Upgrading the engine is a no-no, you can legally increase the power by no more than 20%, I think. If you obviously have modded parts, then you might be asked to go for an inspection, and that shit is crazy expensive. Can be as much as 1000 euros. Swapping engines is also not allowed. You can do it if you really want to, but then you have to prove that the new engine was taken from a roadworthy car and also prove that the car body was scrapped after that. It has to be done by a licenced mechanic. And then you need to pass that 1000 euro inspection. The only way to mod anything seriously is to get roll cages, then you can register your car as a track car. Roll cage has to be welded by a licensed welder and there are just a few such guys in the country, so waiting list is like two years and it will cost you 1500-2000 euros. And then they will take your race car licence away if you break any road law, such as speeding, running a red light or trying to drift in an empty parking lot.
I've never been to Romania, but been to several countries further north from it. Let me tell you, walking down the main street in summer and just looking at women is so nice, especially after spending a few years in western Europe. Fat acceptance hasn't arrived yet either, so girls actually try to take care of themselves.
&gt; Must be an interesting city, It's not, unless you're into semi-abandoned cities, high crime rates and poverty.
&gt;Is that worth it No. You'll never make a profit on it, so it's not worth it, financially. Now is it worth it for you personally? It all depends on you and the model. Do you like tinkering? Nitro engines require a bit of it. If you have some spare cash and the engine still has good compression, then go for it.
It is unreasonable. You never introduce yourself with "Oh my god, oh my god, a girl is actually talking to me!"
Those blankets come in all sizes.
Is it because I'm all in your face now?
&gt;Have you actually been there? Nah, they would never let me in.
&gt; What have you done? I was born in Lithuania. The border control is all sorts of messed up. They make up their own rules, ask for made up payments and generally hold you up for 12 hours just for the hell of it, if you're just a tourist. It's different if you actually live there or if you have a russian surname.
Could be. But then again Musk seems to know what he's doing, so I have hope.
They know better. Just as in Soviet Union, people use all sorts of illegal ways to get information from the outside. Illegal radio receivers, newspapers from the South, etc. Look at photos of North Koreans and you'll notice that they're all sick of it. But they can't do much because they would get shot as soon as they tried.
Find him, become best friends, go to Hawaii with him.
Most of which is sugary crap.
Yet now you can, and those who will call you stupid are obviously otherkin-phobic bigots.
I feel like they raped the word "phobia" and now it means something that it was never supposed to mean.
Tailgating is just one of the reasons, and it's fairly rare. I haven't noticed much tailgating in Europe at all, actually. Bigger reason is "teaching" a lesson. They brake check you if inconvenience or annoy them in any way. In OP's case the lorry probably cut off the BMW when it moved to the second lane to overtake the cammer. And as others have said, the car in the back will almost always be at fault for not keeping a safe distance. Even with dashcam the brake checker could claim that he saw a cat running across the road or something.
Yes. That's Russia. The mother will apologise and that will be it.
&gt; And there is a third option, intersex, That's just an anomaly. Same as being born with three hands or something. &gt;Gender≠Sex. I've done a bit of reading and it seems like "gender" was made up by tumblrinas and other weird people who have nothing better to do than identify as eagle. "What are you, furryphobic or something?"
Depends on apartment, I guess. Mine has a separate little room for the toilet.
Yes, that's how we all got microUSB charging ports.
It is the case in English.
Wohoo!
That would be so cool. Unless it's ale, which (so I've heard) is supposed to be room temperature.
&gt; It's 2am That's the problem, all the thugs are asleep by 11pm. You can't thug very well without getting a good night's rest.
I don't think I know what you're talking about.
&gt; scare tactic to drum up money for vaccines. Yes yes, it's just an evil plot by Big Pharma. Ignore the news, DO NOT get vaccinated.
&gt; Say something we disagree with, and you are gone. In this case they're saying "So this is how you can blow up the London Tower." I'd rather they were gone.
It's not humane, but these people are becoming desperate. Migrants attack people, and it will only get more common in the future. Police have already proven that they are not going to do anything about it. Those "kids" are not young innocent children, they're actual gangs who feel invincible and they just go around assaulting and mugging women.
"Hey, I found that bit by the curb, can you just weld it in?"
Obviously it's because the Jews and the US are messing things up.
I don't think you get the idea behind curved screens. It's curved so that both the center and the sides would be at the same distance/angle to your eyes. Same reason why ultra large TVs are curved.
Breaking the fourth wall is very amusing, if it's not done too often.
The closest one I can think of is [In Time](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1637688/). Not a bad movie, actually. Interesting idea. Also puns, lots of puns.
You know those captcha-like tests, where you have to click on images which show a book? In some of them the book itself isn't even visible, it's just some guy with reading glasses, holding something in his hand. We know that he's reading. A computer doesn't. Writing code that could figure it out is much harder than you think.
It's not supposed to be good. You're a student, you're severely hungover, someone puked all over the shower and you have classes in two hours.
Their towers aren't really built on something that's just two feet wide, are they?
I wonder how much power it can produce. Larger RC airplanes can draw quite a lot of it. Let's say, the engine is 70% efficient, generator is some 60% efficient, battery charging circuit is 90% efficient and the electric motor is 85% efficient. Overall we lose quite a lot of power, and the engine has just 2 BHP. In the armor suit they don't really have a choice. Three kilograms of petrol and a motor will give you way more power than three kilograms of batteries.
It's already bright orange...
Well then, I guess it's a good thing that they're not testing it in Georgia.
Yea guys, you should come up with your own names for your cities, not just steal them from others. Did you know that there are something like 27 Londons in the world? 26 of them are in the US.
And that phone number starts with +7, which is a country code for Russia and Kazakhstan, not Poland.
Call of Fast &amp; Furious Automobile Crime 7: Battlefield.
Yea, we just got rid of our airline. Lithuania isn't big enough for such a thing, especially if it's paid for by the taxpayers. Even with subsidies their tickets were somehow still more expensive than those from normal, standard commercial airlines.
I don't understand why are you still not the president of the world, if you're so much smarter than those retarded politicians, who went to universities and shit.
Oh wait, she was talking about a restaurant booth, not a toilet booth. Oh what the fuck.
What kind of a job was it?
Well then what is it, an airport? It serves food and drinks, it has tables and some waiters. It's a restaurant.
That's how it is in my place. All horizontal surfaces are at your service.
The [production version](http://i.imgur.com/hMlJNF5.jpg) isn't much better.
It is a taxi company. They managed to get around the need for taxi licences due to a technicality.
Crap. I just get some 2 hours of SoT and I don't have any rogue apps, like Facebook or anything. It's quite laggy too, especially when typing. I use Swiftkey. Opening Chrome occasionally results in some 5-second lags too. And this is just a couple days after a complete wipe and a fresh install.
They don't show anything out of the usual, signal is about average. I was getting 3.5-4 hours with 6.0.1.
It's not pointless, the point of the owner is to have fun. These things really do the trick.
Fuel efficiency. You'll use less fuel if the first car tows the second one, when compared to them both driving under their own power in close proximity.
They measure it by kilometers per passenger. Car driving is done outside of cities for longer distances, so it makes up more kilometers than hopping around the city centre.
Dude, we don't do spam here. Just make a new thread if you have something to show, don't just throw around dirty leaflets. Also, there's no such thing as "a powerful reddit account". All accounts are equal, karma is meaningless.
I don't really know how, but I managed to get a really good position at a really good company. I'm in my mid 20's. Now I earn more than my parents' friends who have been making careers for the past 30 years. My parents come over to visit me a few times per year (they live abroad) and all their old friends gather here. Then they start asking questions about how I'm doing. I have to keep coming up with excuses not to tell them how much I earn because it just feels wrong.
I bought a big van a week ago, now I have a month to prepare it for the music festival season. It's going to be awesome.
Weight is kind of irrelevant, as these are now in the "Yolo stance4lyfe" category. Ride height lower than a smallest speedbump, camber at 45 degrees, the wheels must be at least two inches wider than the tyres, because "Yolo stretch is so awesome".
Literally billions of people live in shitty conditions. Should we take all of them in?
He's too important to turn around and find a place to get on the right side of the road. I'm from Lithuania and I see lots of cars from Russia, driven by extremely arrogant douchebags.
Well, they are pretty much building a massive nuclear bomb right by our border, so it is definitely not an overreaction.
"Age of consent here" "Why is age of consent so old" "Flights to Philippines" Ow snap!
Something's wrong with your connection, I guess. It started within less than a second for me.
It's big but I don't regret it. The huge list of additions and various lenses outweighs the weight.
It's quite easy to modify something via arduino. Servo libraries are available everywhere and almost all RC vehicles use the standard signal for control. I mean, just look at flight controllers for quadcopters. There are dozens of those available on the market and they're almost all open-source, so no secrets there.
Looks like a power issue? It tries to run off the capacitor power but obviously that's not enough so it shuts down, the cap recharges quickly from the power supply and the cycle repeats.
I was using a wrapper for their mobile site (Tinfoil for Facebook) and now FB did something to it. I can see that I have new messages but the app crashes as soon as I click the icon.
I've been in such seats before. They don't have proper armrests, to ensure that everyone will be able to exit quickly in an emergency and no one's clothes will get caught on it. So yes, lots of legroom and no place to put your arms.
Shaquayla disapproves.
Kind of like [this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfFOLHyPpVQ)
Also, look right under the gun at 0:31, you can see the driver's head sticking out.
Right, so my parents were born and grew up in the Soviet Union. Traveling within it was really cheap so they did lots of that, but canned food was generally really bad and fairly expensive, so they made their own. Buy a bunch of beef and rice, cook it, add a ton of salt as a preservative and put it in a jar. Wash the jar with vodka before it to sterilise it. Same dash of vodka can be used for dozens of jars and then you can drink it to celebrate the successful jar washing session.
Yes, the privilege of living in a county without guns. The normal police officers don't even have guns themselves, as there is no need. Only the special operations officers do.
That's just a lonely photosphere. You can see that it's quite a bit further [north](http://i.imgur.com/Jmhz3ph.png) from that road.
...good stream?
But what about a mild hurricane? Surely it's better than a drywall house. Don't forget that any decent brick house will have all double walls, with rebar and insulation between them.
See, but that's the problem: you might take a few spares with your new truck, but what if you have a problem with something that you didn't take? You'll have to abandon the truck because Jeep won't send you a camel with some silly and extremely complicated sensor for your 2016 Wrangler, which will also need to be reprogrammed to work with that new part. Meanwhile, parts for 10 year old Mitsubishi L200, Toyota Land Cruiser or Ford Ranger would be available all over the place.
Maybe they're in Europe, so in many places this would be like walking across a street.
My car has a crap horn but the exhaust note is really nice. Kind of angry when accelerating. Definitely angrier than the horn.
All sorts of interlocking, reinforced blocks are becoming more popular here because they're porous, which means that they're lighter and they offer much better insulation properties. We never have any tornadoes or earthquakes here, yet people still build houses like that. It's kind of common to inherit a house from your grandparents or something, live in it or sell it and build a new one.
To be fair, we have like a hundred muslims in Lithuania.
I have a G1W-C and haven't noticed this problem, it stays on while the car starts. The capacitor has enough power to keep the camera running for a couple seconds until the power is back on.
As far as I know, the only difference between C and CB is that the CB version has a Black lens housing, hence the B. They both have capacitors. I can power mine on but it works for just a few seconds, as the capacitor can't hold a lot of power. That's usually fine because it just needs enough to power down safely when you turn off your car's engine.
&gt; as when I adjust the meter to correct exposure at 0, by reducing the shutter speed, and all I get are blurry photos. It's not adjusted with exposure alone, you also have aperture and ISO. Play with all three settings until you get all-round good result. As for your question, sure! The meter will be right only in ideal conditions, but add a shadow or a really bright lamp and it will not be accurate anymore.
&gt;with one exception, where someone committed suicide on the tracks There's always some inconsiderate asshole. This has happened twice to me.
All sorts of indie games cost about that much. Printers are no longer a super-niche items, there are thousands upon thousands of them out in the world. A huge chunk doesn't come with any software, so they could've scooped them all up by offering a low price.
It has for me, many times. Not much you can do about it, besides getting a job at Google and spending your best years optimizing their software.
Pritariu, pusė funkcijų neveikia. Bet maždaug takų lokacijas apsižiūrėt galima. O jei nori toliau ir įdomiau pavažiuoti, tai reikia į kurortus varyt. Anykščiai, Druskininkai, Neringa ir panašiai.
Oh god, not Estonia. I've been there, they're horrible horrible people. Don't ever go there.
&gt; You can't just make "not too thin" a selling point And you don't have to. You use "Biggest battery ever, up to 30 hours of continuous usage"
Dunno, never tried them. Probably a better idea would be to put them in the bin.
IT and industrial lazers are the two areas which are hiring and which can offer you a salary similar to what you could get in UK.
Nah. All the trade/work/travel deals between the UK and Japan are still there, they're not going anywhere.
But UKIP are a bunch of bigoted idiots, aren't they? Like, no one actually takes them seriously?
I'm not a woman so there never was a need for one.
&gt;It still amazes me that people are debating whether it will still actually happen, like the opinions of over half of the country doesn't matter. And it applies exactly the same the other way. Half of the country doesn't want to leave. Does their opinion matter?
&gt; The fact is there IS a reason to remove the 3.5 jack. Yes, to make the phone half a mm thinner, just for the hell of it. What you said later about transparent slabs of glass without any connectors is just your wet dream. It's not happening any time soon and it definitely won't be Apple making it. They don't do innovation. And I'll repeat again, go back where you came from, dirty peasant.
Uh, [SoundHound](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.melodis.midomiMusicIdentifier.freemium)? It works with humming.
&gt; WHY ? XD You're clearly too young to remember, but they were always rich as fuck. Even before the EU, that's why they didn't join. &gt;So is switzerland and norway ff ...what? Have you even read anything ever about their politics at all? Clearly not. Go back to school and learn before you spew such bullshit.
A bit pricey for a short and low version, but could be considered if it's in good condition. Engines are eternal if maintained, but the suspension is not, so check on that. And the body is definitely not bomb-proof, they're quite prone to rust, especially the underside, so make sure that you check everything. Get someone who works with these and knows what he's looking at.
Yes. Although in this case there is no majority. Almost 30% of the population didn't vote at all, so winning by just 2% doesn't really mean much.
It's debatable if they're the best, if they will rust apart in a couple years if you drive them in winter where there's salt on the roads.
That 35% tax is supposed to be an incentive to bring manufacturing back to the US. Manufacturing in the US is way more expensive, because everyone wants a living wage, not ten cents per hour. So everything will get way more expensive. It just shows that Trump's ideas are designed to attract your simple redneck who doesn't understand percentages. Those ideas won't actually work out in the real world.
What you're looking for is /r/InterdimensionalCable
What's the purpose of those wing tufts on the engine cover in the very last shot, after credits? I understand their purpose [on wings](https://vimeo.com/102459028), they show airflow and stuff, but they're not even visible from the cabin if they're on the engine, right?
A towel is soft and flexible, it could move if there's some wind. Try putting a bag of sand on the camera to stabilise it.
Lots go to the UK to work in summer, because most employers will be glad to give you overtime. I stayed there in summers during my uni years to work, too. There was a bunch of guys from Slovakia living near me, they worked 70-80 hour weeks for two months, made enough money to pay for a whole year's rent back in their home city, with money left for a new smartphone, laptop, some clothes, etc.
Why is it not logical? Learning a bit about a different culture, learning a new language and seeing the world is always beneficial. &gt; they should pay International Fees are not take subsidy from English students. Uh, they do. Studying in England is not free for EU citizens, you know. Grants, scholarships and all that are available, but only to the best students. There are countries (like Denmark) where any EU citizen can study for free, though. Entry requirements are fairly high, obviously.
Or Rory Reid. He's quite cool too. What I don't get is the old guy. They just bully him all the time.
Most likely in the kitchen.
Mature content, or adult content?
Chris Harris is definitely good, but I feel like he's a bit too technical. Reid's presenting style is more natural and easy-flowing, like he's having a heated conversation with some friends, not just reporting on a fast car. Overall they're both great. The show needs different presenters with their own personalities. Chris Evans has the personality of a roll of toilet paper, which coincidentally suggests where he should go as soon as possible.
There is buffer for goods that have a long shelf life, but veggies don't have it. Most of them go bad in a week at most, which is probably why they're imported by planes and not trucks.
The referendum wasn't legally binding and the Article 50 still has not been triggered, so it could go either way. Cameron said that he will leave it up to his successor, so it means that nothing will happen at least until October.
Facepalming audience makes me think that he's not super-popular in India.
It is offered, I've done it for several years while studying in the UK. All larger companies were staffed almost entirely by workers from Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic and the Baltics. Only the upper management was British. Smaller companies had a few local Brits working those shit jobs, but the majority were still immigrants.
Tell me, how long will it take for all those international companies and banks to move their headquarters to Dublin, Paris or Brussels? They will obviously do that, because they need to be within the EU.
Do you *really* want to pick fruit?
Yes, it's like that with dogs. Cats too, because we needed them for pest control. Cows or chicken, not so much.
The queen can veto it, though?
Employers can't pay less than minimum wage in the UK.
Can someone explain to me what is going on here?
Many years ago I've read this science fiction book about space exploration. One Earth's ship met an alien race who had a machine to recreate a living being out of just a single cell. These humans were very far away from Earth and fresh food so they gave them a bit of canned chicken. And then they kept the chicken. The alien was confused, like, "why don't you eat the chicken?" The humans pointed out that we eat unborn ones too. The alien was thoroughly disgusted with that.
/r/shittyfoodporn
Am I in your country now?
She reminds me of Ellen Muth from Dead Like Me. Similar laid-back personality and very few fucks given about anything.
That moment has happened a billion years ago, and it will keep happening for billions to come. It's been imprinted across all of time, it keeps happening in the same spot over and over again. It is not a gif, it is a live camera.
I was getting into real RC helicopters around that time, so really it was one of the more enjoyable missions.
You're off by a few days, Joninės was on the night between Thursday and Friday.
A few more tries and we'll get it right.
As many smart people have said, "We really don't want you to leave, but we will respect your decision if you actually do."
He definitely did. A very dirty look and some dirty underwear right there.
That would be quite average for a single room in any larger British city, with personal bathroom for each room, shared kitchen for ~5 rooms. So not exceptionally cheaper, but I'm guessing that it's a lot easier to build and therefore more students can get those rooms instead of looking for private accommodation to rent.
[Cheapest apartments](https://www.pararius.com/apartments/delft/25m2/1-bedrooms/radius-10/price-ascending) cost about as much, or a bit more. Location is key, though. OP lived right next to uni.
Hah, that's gay.
Ah, so you're an entitled redneck?
They don't insure you, they just promise to give you some money in case something happens. But that's not proper legal insurance.
I tried printing ABS and it warps, corners lift off the heated plate. So I built a chamber for the printer. It still warps, although not as much. The question is, how much should I heat up the inside to prevent warping? My printer (Kossel XL) has a fairly low powered heated bed (60W, I think) and it can't even heat up to 100 C.
Nah, you just made it up. He does genuinely good and interesting reviews. Look at his uploaded videos, most have over a million views. He makes money by putting ads on youtube videos, he doesn't need money from manufacturers. &gt;money from Samsung and some Android phones What the fuck does that even mean? It's like saying that he gets money from Mercedes and some car manufacturers.
So..?
You could arrest a guy for selling a gram of coke, or you could follow him all the way to his supplier and arrest them both with a kilogram of coke.
Well, you're definitely not the manufacturer and you don't look like the retailer, soo...
&gt; At least 90 % of them want a job, so they look for a country with better economic opportunities. Great, so let them fill out an application for a work permit, visa, etc. Exactly the same process as what an american or japanese person would have to do if they wanted to work here.
Paaiškinkit kas nors, kodėl Vilnius yra Portugalija?
It's probably something like "*blub blub... blub...*" Edit: Guys, seriously? Buy some homeless guy a pair of socks instead!
It works this way because you can't just remove stuff from the glass, you have to replace with something. In this case you'd replace it with air.
It's supposed to be self-driving so we might have to wait a few more years.
It's from Grandmas Boy.
Hey, Northern Europe reporting in. You can't drive in snow because you try to go fast with summer tires. These conditions are not weird or unique in any way, we get it every year. The road from my house to the main road goes downhill, over a small creek and then uphill again. It's never cleaned or anything as not many people live here. At the moment it's pure polished ice, you literally can't walk there because you'll just slide down. Yet I (and all my neighbours) manage to drive there every single day without issues and without studded tires. Now obviously main roads everywhere are covered in salt, salt+sand or this new liquid stuff that prevents formation of ice. Trucks move out and start spraying it before it even starts snowing, which increases road safety greatly and here you'll never see a highway like the one from the Snowpocalypse, all covered in a thick layer of snow.
It's molecular attraction.
You don't have to replace it occasionally, that's one of the benefits of the chain drive. It's something like once in 100,000 miles for my Toyota. They should last the lifetime of the engine but the tensioners will wear out, so you might as well replace the chain together with them. Belts have to be replaced a lot more often.
Gears are definitely a thing but they're very rare. Belts and chains are way more popular and you'll find them on all sorts of engines, both tiny and big.
Some bikes use gears. Some old sports cars (like Ferrari) used to use them too.
Bora, jetta and golf all look very similar.
More different, yes. Usually in kindergarten and school boys will hang out with boys and girls with girls. So naturally guys will know more about how other guys think than they'll know about girls.
Some people do it by choice. r/vandwellers
Or maybe the friendship was kind of one-sided.
It's a lot more likely that someone simply has a small workshop in there, and obviously some heat in winter is nice.
Of course we do. But we don't take friends to court if they owe us 20 euros. I mean, do you want to remain friends with them? Because there's no way he'll want to be friends after you SUE him.
&gt; SDCs can be shared among passengers who happen to be going the same direction. I'd take a bus if I was OK with sharing my space with random people. We already share the rental with some friends if we're all going to a bar or something, because it becomes cheaper to rent than to take a bus if we're at least three people. &gt;Rentals must have many more cars than will be rented at any given time, and pay to park/store them, fuel them, etc Do you think that SDCs will just keep circling around the city to avoid paying for parking? Or will they drive to the outskirts where parking is free? This would be both insanely wasteful (empty driving) and inefficient. People call for a cab from the city centre and then what? Wait for half an hour until SDC gets there? Not everyone can tell when they'll need a car, if it will be in an hour or in five minutes. So SDCs will have to park in the city centre too. Refueling of the rentals is done by the people who rent. There's a credit card in every car, you just go to a petrol station and fill up using that card. You get one euro off your total rental price for your effort. Who will refuel SDCs? &gt;Rental insurance will be far more expensive I have no idea how much rental insurance costs, but personal insurance for my own personal cars is cheap, it's something like 120 euros per year per car.
Lithuania doesn't do it anymore. We've got giant X-Ray machines at several border posts, even the largest trailer trucks fit in them, so there's no need to cut vehicles apart just to check them.
Most common contraband here are cigarettes. Duty tax is rising constantly so people are smuggling them from Belarus. There's no other way besides just hiding them.
&gt; In the EU, where gas prices are much higher due to taxes, the savings will be dramatically higher. I'd much rather have my own personal SDC. Owning a car is cheap, I have four. Owning an electric SDC would be even cheaper because now the biggest expense is fuel. I see no reason why people who need transport all the time would go for rental SDCs instead of personal ones. The biggest bonus would be that you could keep your shit in your car, make it "yours".
My friend changed his surname because everyone here kept mispronouncing it or writing it wrong. He's a doctor so he deals with a lot of people. Wrong surname causes all sorts of problems. This was sufficient to get it changed. However, I have no idea how it would work for a foreigner. I think you'd have to become Lithuanian citizen to do that, because Lithuanian government couldn't make you a Polish passport with your new name.
What show or movie isn't available as a download?
But mine was 6030...
Oh for fuck's sake, we just got it back from Russia!
Meh. I'm 6'2" which is perfectly normal, maybe a tiny bit above average height over here. Girls seem to prefer guys taller than them because they feel safer with someone who's taller, or something like that. I don't know, that's just what they say. I don't care about it all that much since I'm taller than almost all of them anyway.
I tried building my own but a pre-built with very similar specs was quite a bit cheaper. I didn't want to miss out the whole "putting things together" thing so I bought a case separately and moved everything into it from the pre-built one.
Depends on the location. Usually around 100-200 euros per person.
These conditions aren't even shitty... Also, Tesla in snow is just following a curb, or what it thinks is a curb. What if there isn't one? In all cases the cars rely on visual clues on the ground. But what if there aren't any? What if the conditions are actually shitty?
&gt; I would try air but it does 2 parts at a time &amp; all cutters are sharp. Soooo, why can't you use air? Anything to blow the chips away, really. Spraying lots and lots of coolant is probably your best option, though.
&gt; I showed you otherwise. You didn't, Teslas can follow a curb. I'd like to see them drive properly on a multiple lane road with snow.
I looked at the MIT work. It's not that they have to record every single road, they have to record every single lane of every road for it to work. And even then it's just for lane keeping, the radar doesn't look ahead for sharper turns.
These people should stop making babies.
And I'm guessing that you'd never be able to get another loan, ever.
Close, it's a 1989 Mercedes-Benz W124. It handles like a boat, but it's incredibly comfy, has lots of neat little things for comfort and now it's my daily driver. Way better than my '07 Avensis Coupe, way quieter and a lot cheaper too.
Weird. I just tried it with Location turned off and didn't get any pop-ups, it just showed traffic situation as it always does.
Looks really easy to access, I think. All you need is [this type](http://i.imgur.com/CvkN9jZ.jpg) of an oil filter socket.
Please don't post your spam here.
Also the first half of September, when all the students get here from all sorts of rural fuck-knows-where-villes and see a traffic light for the first time. You guys should see the clusterfuck that happens when they stumble upon a large roundabout...
We already did it, check out 1/12 scale pan car RC racing. The fun part of F1 is that there's a human inside.
*You're
X5 is a really shitty car for off-roading. Wide tires with huge rims, no locking diffs, no low range gear, etc. You couldn't put on proper wheels without changing a lot of brake components down there.
Low settings? I don't see any shadows or reflections, which might be it.
But then there's range anxiety. He could've gotten something with 60 miles of range and it would cover his current needs, but you know, 60 miles...
Are you trying to say that someone collected garbage somewhere else and then transported it to this narrow alley? Sure, that's entirely possible, why not. Of course it's them, who else could it be. I mean, Indians are kind of famous for [shitting in the streets.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/09/08/indias-government-is-now-shaming-people-into-using-toilets/)
And then there are people who have giant luxury SUVs. It's exactly the same as a luxury sedan, except that it's taller and a lot heavier.
You can build a real house for that much.
Wall socket looks identical to Soviet sockets from the eighties.
I bought a bunch of spice containers from Ikea. They're small (half the size of an average glass), so they don't take up a lot of space and you can have a nice selection of spices. I also printed labels for them.
Neighbour went to India for holidays. Nearly puked when she stepped out of the plane because the smell was horrible.
To be fair, anyone can add pics to Google Maps reviews.
Oh wow, that is quite an achievement. How did you manage to get to that grade without learning about the Baltics? Also, how many times did you have to repeat the same grade? Because I only had to spend 12 years in school. I thought that it's the same everywhere in Europe.
These new cases are getting ridiculous. Like, you don't even get motherfucking sides anymore!
That's expensive.
Even if they do, they won't let you access this info. Location History is really quite wonky.
Heh, yea, things are done differently in Europe.
&gt; And yes the company has to make a profit. But it can be a tiny amount per mile. That's still a profit. That's *your* money. How is it cheaper to pay someone, than *not* pay someone?
This is correct, and most cars these days are designed to tow a trailer of up to 750kg (1600 lbs) without additional brakes. You don't even need a licence to tow it in most of Europe. The trailer must have its own brakes if it's heavier than that, also the driver has to have a licence to tow heavy trailers. Not all cars are designed for that.
Do you know what a fact is? What you wrote there is not a fact. A fact is that you're going too fast if you can't stop in time. Whether other drivers will cut in front of you or not is a separate issue. If you hit it, then it's your fault, end of story.
Sure he did :)
A spell of poverty, it seems. Imagine how rich he'd be now if he ~~never stopped hiccuping.~~ could hiccup like normal people.
Then stop hiccuping, then start again, then stop again, start again... But due to the spell he hasn't hiccuped even once in the past 35 years.
Not all muslims are like that! Only a few of them! Bigot!
I have a rotary public phone somewhere in the basement, one like [this.](http://i.imgur.com/YrHdLjh.jpg) It takes coins. A couple decades ago it was in a booth near where I live. Some assholes ripped it off the wall to open it and steal the coins. I found it in a nearby forest when walking my dog. It's one of those arduino projects which are still in the planning stage.
Yes, I've heard that actual Polish people despise them as well, so at least that's good. You guys are cool.
&gt;First of all why is every word capitalized in the title? [Huh?](http://i.imgur.com/mnNCUSc.png) New machines are nicer, faster, quieter, more efficient and all that, but fuck-ups cost a lot more. Dry cutting usually only happens with certain metals, and often only for video. I work with aluminium, brass and copper and I use flood cooling all the time.
Lots of standard normal houses in the UK are a hundred years old. I've lived in a house built in 1906. The windows were quite shitty single-glass panes, so we convinced the landlord to replace them. The replacement guy looked at them and said that those were original windows, over a hundred years old.
Deltas can be scaled up very easily and you don't even need any custom software or anything. The speed of it printing is irrelevant here. You can't go fast when you're using a 6mm nozzle.
But any bugs larger than a grain of rice would still remain.
Got the Yi a couple months ago, so far it's great. Wifi is really useful, you could download a video and put it on youtube before the cops arrive to the scene, so you can show them how everything happened.
To add to this, defrost the pizza before cooking. Heat the oven up as much as you can, the hotter, the better.
So far I haven't noticed any significant savings myself. There's the initial investment in the mod, atomizers and all that, and it may take more than one purchase to find something that fits you. And the juice isn't much cheaper than cigarettes either, in most of the world.
Bigger screen (5.5 inch vs. 5.1), more storage (128GB), more RAM (6GB), slightly better camera with f1.8 aperture and it has an infrared port, so you can control TVs, AC units and such.
&gt;Hell with the iP7's camera and RAW capabilities RAW capabilities are useless if you don't have photoshop. And even if you do, at that point it's easier to just use a PC for stitching. Is Google Camera app available for iPhones? It has both panorama and really amazingly awesome photosphere modes. r/Apple might be more helpful, though.
They are a bit behind but generally it's a nice, friendly country.
&gt;kmph is kilo-miles per hour. No, it's not. Also, the article is about China, it's obvious that they aren't talking about miles because nobody in the world uses miles besides the US. UK is phasing it out because normal metric units are better. And who even uses kilo-miles? Miles aren't even a metric unit of measurement, you can't use metric prefixes for it.
&gt;Those of you that know you could have a "better life" I would earn a lot more, but money isn't everything. I'm already earning more than enough and I genuinely like Lithuania. I was born and raised in Vilnius, it's my city, I love it and I love the people here. I love culture, bars, events, I love watching how the city is improving and growing year after year, how new roads are built, new services come to the city, new huge tech parks appear, etc.
Electric.
Sure, there are lots of international companies in Vilnius. Barclay's, Western Union, DHL and various Scandinavian banks have their offices here, where you get to deal with clients from all around the world. You probably could work in a medical center too, as a surgeon or someone like that who doesn't really need to talk with patients much.
[Whaaa?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lhEEDkv3zk)
&gt; Electric motors can't run at low speeds, because they'll overheat. That doesn't sound right.
...closet.
How busy does it have to be? [Like this?](http://i.imgur.com/zx7ztOa.jpg)
Why can't you fuck off, all of you?
Wash your hands and then at least try to survive a couple hours without food?
4 adults in Fiat 500. Yea sure.
Two adults in the front, two without legs in the back.
Religion is really big in Russia.
How M2.5 is that M2.5 bolt? Did you try it with a metal nut? M2.5 bolts are 0.45mm per thread, I'm wondering how you achieved that with 0.1 layers.
Looks like mental illness and her asking to actually be run over. Scammers usually jump on the hood of the car, break the windshield and then lie down, pretending that the car hit them at speed.
STOP
No, submitters just submit to the wrong sub, because it looks so similar to /r/CrappyDesign.
Make those zombies feel awkward for watching you.
So what? Take your crappy spam somewhere else.
Are you willing to adopt?
We do have Lithuanian Language Commission. They're mostly making up new words for things. Stuff like keyboard, monitor, joystick, RC drone, fidget spinner, selfie, etc. Some of them stick, others get laughed at.
[HK Engineering website](http://www.hk-engineering.de/en/historie/roadster/) says that some Roadster prototypes had the exhaust on the right side. Also, I can see lots of exhaust options for sale all over the place. I'm guessing that it's just an aftermarket mod, or a replica of sorts.
&gt; who would do that on a 300SL, Well, the one in your first pic doesn't really look stock, so I could see that happening. It even has that little red arrow on the bumper, showing where the tow hook is, it's a requirement for autocross racing. And after all, those mods are for sale, so someone must be buying them.
Sometimes I dream about getting a paintball gun or something, but they're fairly powerful, would probably break their windshield.
Poles from Lithuania are very different from Polish people from Poland.
Russians expect everyone to speak Russian quite often. I have neighbours who've been living here for a few decades, got children and grandchildren, yet they still can't/don't want to speak Lithuanian.
Try a better wall adapter.
Ah yes, I messed up. Sorry.
Stance nation yolo. Handling is for losers.
Alright, back to the original comment. What makes you think that there is a god and he has moral reasons to create faulty humans? To me it seems a lot more likely that there is no god at all. Evolution isn't a conscious process, so it doesn't pick best traits. It only picks those individuals who can survive, hence the imperfect bodies.
It's not "elitist", it's just that you've got to have a battlewagon, that's all. A wagon that can handle dirt.
Eh, it's really not that bad. Compressed air at 120 psi solves many problems.
Phelps tops out at 6 mph. Great White swims at 25 mph. This is stupid and retarded.
There are various reasons, but the most common is stance nation yolo swag shit rofl.
Lots of stores around here are built out of SIPS boards, that's basically metal-insulation-metal sandwich. They all have excellent signal, no issues. I grew up in a house with real EM shielding in all walls and roof, had to walk up to a window to get any signal at all. At the windows the signal was good enough to make a call, though. I would probably go elsewhere for groceries if any store tried to block the signal.
Blyn means pancake in Lithuanian.
Tipping in US is almost mandatory. Check out /r/TalesFromYourServer, people genuinely get mad and rant there if they don't get tips.
&gt; And you don't go to a restaurant unless you're willing to tip the expected amount. Can I just bring it myself from the kitchen? Also, should I tip bus drivers? Airplane pilots? Police officers? Teachers? Cleaning lady at work? My point is that paying below minimum wage should be illegal. It's stupid and it clearly doesn't work. The whole rest of the world pays a living wage to their workers. Tips are just that, a sign of gratitude for good service.
I agree. I was just trying to be politically correct and all that. If you mod a car in such a way that the handling and braking distance become a lot worse, then it's objectively a shitty mod.
Can confirm, have a 30 year old merc and the carpet looks great. I wish I could say the same about the bodywork.
&gt;The fast food restaurant’s representative Nick Plot shares: “It is time for McDonald’s to reposition itself in the market. We want to represent the people with some healthy fat on their bones. Not the skinny skeletons from the Olympics.” Is this an Onion-type website? There's no way McD actually said that.
My coworker took it because he needed one to pass a tech incpection for his car. Over here we are required to have an extinguisher and a med kit.
&gt; or she's a complete fucking liar. Ding ding ding. She's obviously getting her calories from somewhere, it's not possible to just quit eating.
&gt; Freedom^TM Heh. Anyway, cars are viewed a bit differently here. Driving is a privilege, not a right, so everyone has to work hard to get a licence and then they have to put in some effort to make sure that the car is good enough to be on public roads.
Borderlinx or Skybox could work. Just keep in mind that you'll have to pay VAT and import duties when buying expensive stuff from outside of EU.
There's also support *above* the base level on the far side. How does that work?
&gt; without learning I did not say that.
Reply Stop to opt out.
Oh cool, the new topic is ridiculous captchas!
That's technically the best type of correct.
&gt; centrifugal clutch It's [a really simple mechanism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5Si3qgDftQ), like an automatic clutch.
We had one CNC machine at work running on XP, sold it last Tuesday. All newer machines run on some version of Linux or Win10, but the core software is still based on that old old crap, just to be backwards compatible with all the programs that we wrote for that old piece of shit.
The trick with these machines is that most security holes have been patched and the machines are locked down, so no updates which could break things. As a result, they're reasonably reliable and safe.
Those gorgeous burger joints now see themselves as very high class culinary institutions, so they've started charging 8 euros or more for a single burger. Meanwhile, a simple (but not the simplest) burger at McD's costs under two euros.
It's a mattress, you can squeeze it.
I know a guy who does abstract paintings like that. I don't get them but apparently there are lots of people who do and they seem to actually like them. He even had an exhibition in an [art gallery.](http://i.imgur.com/8TVA39M.jpg)
Hm. I decided not to wait for this one and bought a Huawei P10 Plus a couple weeks ago. I do not regret my decision.
[RAAĄąĄA!!!](http://i.imgur.com/0RYnLAH.gif)
The coolest part about it is zero waste. You can just eat failed prints.
Ah, so you're the boss who needs to be spit in the face. You know, the asshole who demands others to work five days a week for him. Cool, I guess.
It's braken.
It's up to you to decide what's more important. Reliability or convenience.
&gt; increasing safety always reduces reliability ...what? What you said here doesn't make any sense. How often do you need to disconnect the motor? Also, why would you need BEC here? How does the motor have anything to do with it?
Woo, [new-machine bro!](http://i.imgur.com/Lge3Dzy.jpg)
You sound like someone from /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuud.
It's probably a prank, there are services online who will send poop for you http://www.poopsenders.com/order/
That other commenter seems to be right, it does look like [a headbord for a fast yacht.](https://www.google.com/search?q=headboard+for+super+yacht+sail&amp;rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS709US709&amp;hl=en-US&amp;prmd=sivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjlncaQ7tHUAhUBPT4KHWk5B_oQ_AUICigC&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=591#imgrc=sz7BaWL5D24ewM:)
Yup, sounds about right. Taking out, completely disassembling and machining the engine is no easy job.
A proper wash is always a good idea. You could try searching for a vegan or raw food van, those guys don't use meat/butter so it should be less greasy. Although you might find mould, since they probably eat it, so it's a gamble.
Sorry, English is not my first language and I just improvised here.
Oh wait, I just realised what sort of threads your brain saw in that comment. Hah.
It's a work in progress, I guess.
It's not demo mode, it's vase mode. Works extremely well if you have a larger nozzle. I've printed several vases and bowls using this mode and 0.8mm nozzle, the print comes out strong, while the print time is reasonably short.
He didn't even get a pole, he was fine.
Fuck off, God damn spammers and your bullshit.
I'm not blaming you or anyone in particular. It's usually different people who repost it to different subs. The problem is that it happens within a few hours, and usually it's upvoted quickly so it ends up on my front page.
So basically he won't have any superpowers.
I meant all that stuff about cutting only the veins, letting the blood drain while animal is conscious and in pain.
&gt; If you mean that miracles are impossible, based on the typical behavior of nature, then I agree. This is the definition of a miracle. Impossible, illogical, irrational. Yet it's mentioned over and over in the books. So naturally atheists ask, what about this very very heavy rock? It's not any more impossible/illogical than the Noah's Arc and the Flood. Both are equally impossible. Why do you say that the rock is "Bad logic is like bad math. It says nothing." while the flood is fine, it's just a miracle?
Well not *filled*, there's just a gram or two, but yes. Platinum is expensive.
All species on one small boat, so much rainfall that all life should've drowned, more water than there is on Earth, all of those seem okay to you?
I'm not in England, why would you think that I am?
Just for the record, I'm in Europe, we use Celsius.
A year? Do you guys get one lightning storm a year or something?
Dude, that's literally their job.
&gt; Nobody wants to invest in a power system that will take 60 years to payoff. Lots of people do, actually. Look at fusion reactors for an example. They've been in development for way more than 60 years and only now we're seeing signs that something useful is not far away.
Some smooth surface, I guess. Not deburred, 3/10.
I'm usually ordering from their warehouse in the Netherlands. Standard post takes about a week, but my orders are often large, so I get a courier service (with tracking) and it arrives in 3 days or so. The cost is 15 euros for all packages up to 50kg which is a lot cheaper than shipping from China.
I think your only option is something custom-made, maybe from Fanuc or Kuka. It won't be cheap.
Yes, I'm a tangerine.
Eh, I don't know. Looked like a butt-clenching moment to me.
I just went to the dentist for the first time in five years. A tooth started hurting and wouldn't stop for three days, so I had no other choice.
For a check up? Tests can show various illnesses before you notice any symptoms.
What? That's a shitload of money, I lived fairly comfortably on half of that, including rent. I went to Coventry uni.
You should point it a bit lower. All that sky might cause underexposure in your footage.
Well, it would not be that surprising if Donnie actually did that...
Five, I think, but that's not relevant. I just checked the prices and they are the same as they were back then.
