Pro tip: put meat in sealed bag. Put bag in iced water in the sink. Use ice water to minimise bacterial growth. Faster than a microwave and infinitely more delicious.
Agreed. Book javert is not a villain. He is someone bound by a moral code as well and is a tragic character. He doesn't believe in redemption, and when faced with JVJ's redemption he can't handle it and mills himself.
I don't want to see a ghost It's a sight that I fear most I'd rather have a piece of toast And watch the evening news --- Really. Pick anything from the song. But that's my least favourite.
I agree. Arguably the fittest man to play AFL in history and ran middle distance olympic times. But look at the midfield over that era and tell me who he pushes out!
There is also Deezer which offers lossless streaming. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_on-demand_streaming_music_services And a bunch of others I've never heard of.
It's actually life insurance. By an absolute mile.
Population Australia - 23m Greater Melbourne (4.1m) + Greater Sydney (4.3m) + Greater Brisbane (2.1m) - 10.5m, that almost gets you there alone. Only 1m short - and that's just using a quick google, I actually think Melbourne and Sydney are bigger than that, so might already get there alone (together with Brisvegas) They use to call it the Rockhampton to Adelaide line - it covers like only 15% of the landmass of Australia, but more than 85% of the population. I'm sure that if you just coloured in the coast from Brisbane down to Melbourne, that would get you &gt;50% for Australia.
If there is a more perfect video to sum up Carlton's season than those few seconds of the fumbling in the forward line, I haven't seen it.
He reminds me of Popovich. Gets the best out of people who may not be the most talented, excellent at developing talent in his team, and ensures that players put the team above individual glory. Adjusts the team strategy in accordance with his time - see the way the Spurs game has developed over time as their stars have aged. Similarly, is kind of a teacher of coaches the same way Pop is. Also quite clinical about things (although Clarko gets more emotional than Pop).
Hawthorn v Brisbane, the "stand in the shade" game. Hawks fans gloating, followed by becoming apopleptic about all our guys on one wing of the ground and then getting smashed in the last quarter. edit: 1995 at the Gabba - had to look up the year.
You ruined my proposed post. Almost at the bottom and I get all ready to write a very clever (I swear) about it being a surprise that no one put Hawthorn, and then you go and ruin my post. And it pains me to say it but, apart from the first year, I've grown quite fond of the Pies with Bucks at the helm. He seems a genuinely good bloke as a coach, with the best interests of the game at heart, and not the figjam he was as a player.
Aaah, the old Liam Shiels argument. Everytime he touches the ball, which is not infrequent, commentators say he's underrated. Not any more gents.
Shaun Hart for Brisbane. Won a Norm Smith, but apart from that, he's never mentioned when people talk about that Brisbane midfield. It's always Voss, Akermanis, Black, Lappin.
Kind of proves my point
2013 win from first. 2014 win from second. 2015 win from third. So my guess is we have to finish fourth to guarantee fourthorn.
OWEN WON-ONE. UNLIKE FREO, WHO ARE OWEN ONE-ONE.
You prefer he goes to Port Arthur?
http://twitchy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/i-award-you-no-points-and-may-god-have-mercy-on-your-soul_new.jpg
Happy to see stratts get some recognition. Not sure gunston deserves it this week
Don't forget the wind that would swirl around like a MoFo when you were there (and add to the cold)!
It's his daughter. Relax people.
Brad Scott's emotions
Thread is dominated by Richmond: Dusty, Doull, Nason, Gaspar, Vickery, Geoff Raines, Arnot, Deledio's hair early on.
Ok ok. I was tired. He did have terrible hair in my defence. My bad.
If a current player, would have been the best choice, alongside Peak Pavlich, Peak Riewoldt, Peak Kouta, Peak Lethal and Peak Zac Dawson.
I think Burgoyne is actually a good bet that hasn't been listed. Yes, gets smashed in the ruck, but is proven midfielder, defender and forward - albeit not the tallest.
The Hawks isn't the worst! This feels like a first in the space of jumpers in recent years.
2014 was a better game, even though a more lopsided result. That's still the best I've ever seen Hawthorn play. 2013 Hawks just sort of cruised and did enough to win. Skill levels were low and there wasn't much excitement. I haven't watched it since. I've watched 2014 multiple times.
The reality is he would never have become great at Hawthorn and may have been lost to football forever. The guy obviously battled personal demons his whole career; the time in the country was needed to clear his head and get to a better place, and the Geelong culture for better and worse probably suited him better. The 1987 signing was a bit weird, but in the end - I don't see this as a what if.
TripleM has been out-shitposted. Time to step up your game boys. Can we get some speculation on what brand of dried pasta a selection of random players prefer, perhaps?
It's just the erection you have for how we played on GF day not dying down. I actually think in '13 we were the most dominant across the season, but our finals performances weren't as solid as in '14, where we dominated the finals series. '15 we obviously had the loss first up, and the most difficult route to the flag of the three.
Yep. Will all be highly tailored based on age, injuries, needs. I remember years ago one pre season hawks deciding Franklin needed to get bigger to be better in marking contests. He had his worst season after that carrying the extra weight, so the next pre session they realised their error and he slimmed down again. Similarly, when khunt came across, he had to lose a bunch of weight to get the aerobic fitness level required. Basically he needed to be a tighter khunt. Different strokes for different folks. EDIT: marking forests -&gt; marking contests, although the former probably more accurately described Franklin's biggest weakness for a key forward - pack marking.
I'm glad someone appreciated it
Not sure I agree with Smith. He's not an on field leader the same way Hodge is, directing traffic, etc. I think Birchall or Stratton would be a good captain, if they decide the time is right for Hodgey to hand it over.
Based on nomenclature alone, all time Hawthorn great Mitchell Lewis.
'&gt; be AFL online media stooge '&gt; first day on the job '&gt; AFL announces it is considering bringing back the substitute rule and restricting interchanges to only requiring a mersenne prime number of interchanges at the end of the game '&gt; AFL also announces third Sydney team, this time in Cronulla, to be given Geelong Falcons, Oakleigh Chargers and any other club that BT has described as a "football factory" as a recruitment zone '&gt; Go on BigFooty to try and defend it '&gt; Godwin's law achieved in four seconds '&gt; Go on Reddit '&gt; Roasted by /u/howcouldubezaharakis '&gt; Go on youtube '&gt; Get cancer from the comments '&gt; Dead at 24
Great batsmen. Lazy fielder. Remember he and Dhoni having a falling out over his fielding when Dhoni was captain, so assumed he was the target.
Swordfish @ 26%. Terrible hacking scenes, but it's not about that. I liked Jackman and travolta and the ending. Can't believe it's only 26%.
St Kilda have never won a game at one of their home grounds, so are zero per cent. there. Conversely, Sydney, Brisbane and Carlton all have 100% records at the ground. The ground is Westpac Stadium in Wellington (NZ). Edit: one to won. Don't know what came over me.
I love this stat.
The top 12 active players for win % all either play for Hawthorn or Geelong, with the top 5 all being Hawks.
Fitzroy are like the Seattle Supersonics. Neither of them exist anymore.
And we had squandered so many opportunities, gifted them so many goals. At 3/4 time, I was thinking this is one of the big chokes given our form that season, and that I would never hear the end of it. Thanks jeebus for Burgers and to Chris Scott for his policy of never tagging Sam Mitchell.
Worried about getting smashed into goal posts or hit by drink drivers.
Well, technically the Swans won three of those flags back when they were in Melbourne. So I say he's got NSW covered too.
The AFL actually did something right? I know kids. I'm scared too.
Buying housewarming gifts. Do you ever notice that they always sell cups in packs of four? At least that's always been my experience.
Given what it inspired, the reconciliation that took place and what seems like Monkhorst's genuine remorse and contrition at what he said and the fact that Long and Monkhorst now get along - I think it's one of the more inspiring stories in totality.
Priddy. Good game. Let's go to the pub to celebrate. Can you flag four taxis to take us all there?
Does that give you a fourgasm?
Lindsay Thomas, Rhys Mathieson, Joel Selwood and James Sicily are holding a candlelight vigil at the Whitten Oval if anyone is interested in attending.
And running the centre is Jonathan Giles?
Wow! I had no idea.
Mate they're in Sydney. Swans fans are still trying to learn the names of players other than Landon Franklin.
The mining boom is over guys... You should be saving your money, not making frivolous bets.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/YJjvTqoRFgZaM/200_s.gif
Part of the beauty of AFL is the chaos, and what can often come out of it. Remember the two Lance Franklin goals against Essendon (when playing at Hawthorn), streaming out of defence. Glorious moments that are lost with rigid zones / requirements to maintain players in defensive 50. The Leroy Jetta goal against the Pies where he ran from the back end of the square to about fifteen metres out? Doesn't happen. Arguably, the Eddie Betts goal this year doesn't happen as there isn't that open 50 to contend with. Part of the joy in AFL is the lack of formal structure, letting teams come up with their own (Pagan's paddock, Collingwood forward press, Clarko Cluster, Geelong play on at all costs, etc.), coupled with the moments of individual brilliance in the chaos (Danger bursting through packs, Cyril Cyriling, Fyfe bullocking, Ablett's hips of steel). That's what we love. Formalise the structure too much, and you lose that.
Read it? I'm writing it baby.
If you take form, scoreboard, injuries, and third quarters and the first 1.25 quarters out of this game, Hawks are in front.
Pfft... Port percentage is only 5000%. Can't win with a percentage like that.
dignity
I think they only didn't pay a free kick against Gibson then out of pity.
You will always win the tackle count if you never have the ball. .#justhawthornthings
Percentage of 600 this half. Hawks dominating proceedings here.
Helicopter punt for goal after a soft 50. Everything's coming up Hawthorn.
Our best third quarter ever! Three goals to none. Get on the Hawks.
I have never seen any team fumble as much as we have. In any sport. At any level. I'm including drunken university games in this.
I'm watching on silent at work. Please tell me the commentators said "clever" when the hawks tapped it on directly to Port, like they do for every tap by a player.
FWIW, Hawks are winning the second half. I think I just made Hawks' fans and Port fans equally sad.
Burton will be playing.
Collingwood fans can't read, you don't need to use complete sent
Picks in the eighties don't help that much anyway
On second thought, there were 19 spectators. Gibson was actively trying to help Port, and I'm not even sure Gunston was watching the game, so can't count as a spectator.
But we have Ryan Burton and that makes up for every negative you just mentioned.
That was an entirely justified and appropriate mastubatory session over GOAT Ryan "nobody" Burton.
.3 Burton, .2 Mitchell, .1 Rough. -3 Jack -2 Brand -1 Pop EDIT: Just realised something weird happened. Fixed - Burton should have the three votes clearly, but reddit reversed it.
Cotchin the dirty sniper. probably took off a white glove and slapped him across the face with it.
It was a joke. Cotchin wouldn't risk messing up anyone's hair.
Stratton . mcevoy.
Jetta held the record... So many opportunities for his first goal missed.
Agree. Fuck is this thread?
North borrowing third quarters from us i see. You think they would have learned about trading with hawthorn...
Aah. The classic illegal meat in the sandwich call. Haven't seen that in a little while.
There is definitely a bit of nsync about the look
Treloar is on today.
That's a great kick. Really really impressive.
It's cwood. Guess.
Obvs!
Pendles on Fyfe... Mmmmmmm. Delicious.
Behind of the year
Surely that was skill error...
Deliberate isn't really the interpretation now. It should really be called "insufficient effort to keep the ball in play". If people think of it like that, they'll get a lot less salty about deliberates.
Probably not the catchiest name for a rule though. Maybe shorten to insufficient effort.
McC stole it from his team mate streaming towards goal.
We too are known for third quarters
Why is a random chef selling cars? It makes less sense than the sexist ultratune ads.
So long as you don't expect any contested possessions or tackles from him
If you want forwards, we have James Sicily available. If you want defenders, Josh Gibson. The choices are endless.
I thought your reverse recruit of Vickery has been better for you.
What even is effective disposal
Both teams missing targets and kicking to each other
In fairness. I don't think hill has stuck a tackle in his entire career.
That's a mark
Hill could have put his hand up. Two bad decisions from him in the last few minutes.
Nice off a step
After their performance, the bye was robbed not to have anyone in the team.
Now I understand why you always bring up the proletariat and the bourgeoisie.
Do you think HawksTV can be nominated for an Oscar?
And Swans fans complain about the "are Sydney the greatest team?" meme getting old...
We will also take any spare Rorys that you have.
The Ty Vickery conundrum.
Below, I've laid out the /r/hawktalk official mid-season AA team: B: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) HB: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) C: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) HF: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) F: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) R: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) Int: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)
http://imgur.com/PLVFa
VicBiasWatch...
You have to go see a doctor if it lasts longer than four hours, FYI.
C. Judd - 3 votes.
He has written some of my favourite ever pieces on footy, along with Tim Boyle and Emma Quayle. It's sad to see him go. I hope he pops up somewhere else. The three of these writers each put a more human face on the game, rather than just cold analysis or scandal/scuttlebutt.
Gibson is cooked
Give it to Burton!
Thank you
Have you seen the magnificent beast?
That was quality from saad
Move to the hawks
That's a fucked advantage when everyone has stopped
Titch should have the ruckman rule. Not allowed to kick.
That was the balliest ball that ever was ball. All the players even stopped. Haha
Not 15. That went about 25.
You've seen through our team strategy.
WE GOT A FREE KICK
Shitposting is basically our national sport. There is a referendum coming later this year to add it to the constitution as an inalienable right.
You just get the feeling we could be watching a grand final preview, don't you.
Did you mean to describe the hawks' 2017 season ?
You should thank them
Flawless logic
Fucking bell end gunston
Ummm... Ball?
Pick up the ball. Jeebers.
Writing Burton fanfic
You only get one
And Gibson. And Sicily.
I literally think that's our second Mark inside 50. And our first decent entry.
My correctness made me sad :(
Sold!
Jeez. Think burgers stepped on the goal square then. That would be so appropriate given our play this game.
Timmy
Timmy.
Timmy
Where are the wheels? Are they completely off yet?
No. Not50. Jeeez
Gunner's best game of the year
True. Got to take the positives we can though.
Freo promised us pick 121 for him
We tried harder
Karmichael Hunt looks weird now. Like a low rent game of thrones character.
I was watching the Wallabies
Speerosity's greatest week of his life
McEvoy has had his best ever year and has done a lot around the ground. It's been lost in how terrible most of the rest of the Hawks have been, but he certainly deserves to be in the ruck conversation.
I think it's Jacobs, Grundy and McEvoy in the conversation at this stage. I thought Grundy has had his best year too.
Weitering needs to learn from stevie j. Even though it's pointless you take that kick after the siren to pad your stats.
And hawthorn.
Thank you GWS for playing Liam Jones into form. Truly a first for any club in this competition.
And Freo get enough grief this week for a phrase that hasn't been heard in a while: "dominated by the Brisbane Lions".
Double 69 sounds like a movie from my private collection.
Kreuzer looks like he's aged during this game
Is Schache or Hipwood your jesus type figure? Where does Zorko fit into this cult? edit: also, can we have him back?
Nope. Even comps are good. It keeps the game exciting. Less predictability means people are more likely to tune in. If the results are always a foregone conclusion, people are less likely to tune in. The AFL would be loving this season.
Fair point. I'm betting on a draw for the strangeness to continue.
Toby Greene this morning: https://makeameme.org/meme/free-players-inside
Fred Goldsmith at full back is the only KPD. Wanganeen won from the back pocket, but he was more a running, play-making defender (in an era where that didn't exist as much as today) and not a real KPD.
Do you expect the McDonald's burgers to look like the pictures too?
Thank you for your sacrifice.
He's got 11 games left, so after the weekend's performance, he could potentially end up with 36 votes. I'd say he's a lock.
So about that Fagan we lent you...
I think it's unfair to single out Maxwell - all teams leave their runners on the field too long IMHO. I think it's time the AFL cracked down on it.
As a Hawthorn fan, I don't understand why anyone would think any of these jumpers are ugly.
How much are we seeing anti biotic resistant gonorrhea rising, and does this pose serious health concerns?
Angelo Lekkas. Was a bit different and interesting off the field, which I liked. He used to go to train kung fu at shaolin temples in the off season. Solid, but not spectacular player. Had a stroke very young that ended his career early, and turned to playing soccer. Something about him I always liked and respected. edit: I know this is going to be controversial amongst Hawks supporters due to the fall out from his retirement, but fuck it. It's my choice.
Fuck him and his brother were exciting to watch, actually. Both had booming kicks.
There's a bit of Relton Roberts about him.
Somewhere, Danny Southern and Fraser Gehrig just shed a tear.
Would you rather fight one Sandilands sized Ballantyne, or 10 Ballantyne sized Sandliands?
Or, y'know, just send him a video of Meat Loaf performing.
Shouldn't they name their virginity that? So they're guaranteed to lose it.
Sees link to Bigfooty and thinks "what crap is this?" Spends far too long reading article, googling, considering the anecdotal fact that my previous personal debilitating knee pain was caused by a hip issue (when one physio told me I probably had a torn meniscus). Starts to be convinced by something he reads on bigfooty. mindblown.gif (mind blown is more about reading something interesting on bigfooty than the actual diagnosis). GET JAEGER TO PENINSULA PHYSIO STAT.
Compared to our other recent social media efforts it's an improvement.
I don't think we've ever topped our 'One Direction' video.
Melbourne, who will finish fourth. The way this season is going, we deserve to see another premiership drought broken.
Has to be this. I'd like it to be Dunstall - he doesn't have the baggage of Carey or Ablett, but Blight is hard to go past. Followed by Sheedy.
1,264 goals. 3x coleman, 2xBnF, 1xmvp, 4x premiership, 2xaa. 100 goals in a season six times. He's not that far behind.
There is only one 'silk' Great player though
Huddo called the Nick Davis onslaught well as a cats fan. I would have been crying if i was a cats fan. Props to him.
Mr Watts only eats prawn sandwiches or cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off.
Shiels I reckon. Langford to play a defensive forward role targeting Laird.
He wasn't offered any of those. He was just in the bookies' calculations as a possibility.
Bevo, Bolton and Fagan back in the coaching ranks wouldn't look too bad.
Had an 18 game career spanning two clubs before going on to the heights of ''Big Brother". Cruelled by injuries.
Thank god for Eddie Fasolo-Betts.
It's like they haven't even watched Hawthorn this season.
Birchall back has massively changed the look of our defence.
Yes. It was.
get fucking sicily away from the ball
Breust looks lost.
RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME
Like the little kid in Under 8s, spinning in circles and looking at the grass, no idea where the ball is.
OH MY GOD I JUST CAME A BILLION TIMES I'VE GOT NOTHING LEFT BURTON HNNGNNGNNNGNGGGG
Hartung did something useful guys. Guys.
YOU WAIT YOUR TURN!
Bandwagon fan.
That's a goal. Hasn't hit the post and he's touched it behind the line.
Ricky Henderson winning the game against his old club.
You fucking what mate? I say we make him sign a "Brent Harvey". You can't leave us until you break the all time games record.
YOU LOST TO A TEAM THAT LOST TO CARLTON
Wow. The things that you forget existed one time. /nostalgia
Actually his name is Lance.
It's known as the irrefutable Law of Langfords.
Dean Towers normally saves those kicks for the last two minutes.
Swans can't beat any flying teams. You ground based teams must struggle, but us flying teams have got them covered.
Kick it to Towers!
Buddy's field kicking is significantly better than his goalkicking. And as I write that he kicks an awesome (edit:) behind.
behind
http://imgur.com/YdRBlhy
Hawks. Late 90s. We had Crawford and..... Crawford (J).
Yes
https://i.imgur.com/YdRBlhy.jpg
It sucks being a hawks fan. 17th beats 1st and there is no chance of that being the most talked about game of the round. Richmondround takes over
So who had the Steps portion of the ladder being Melbourne, Richmond, West Coast, St Kilda at the start of the year?
Suck shit now you're only getting pick 3.
Steps had a terrible song called 5, 6, 7, 8. I am saying i guessed not many people had those four teams there at the start of the season.
Truly lyrical genius
My proudest moment in my life
He gets more of the ball than anyone in the comp and has been a good pick up.... But, his disposal and decision making still isn't elite. Overall, a very good and important pick up. He'd be leading our BnF at the moment, but question marks linger at times. I suppose in a Hawks' fan's mind, you are comparing the two Mitchell's and one of them is amongst the all time greats for decision making, so it's a hard act to follow in that regard.
McEvoy has taken his game to a new level and O' Brien has shown some promising signs too, as has hardwick. I would add to the worst the drop in form of our forwards, particularly Breust.
Water wet.
Jeez... Some Hawks fans are like Leicester City fans. Have about a six week memory.
*Guaranteed to
&gt; Scott Lucas and Matthew Lloyd. Not sure if joking or serious with these inclusions.
For the club I imagine fines - 'bringing the game into disrepute' is a pretty broad category. For the doc, I imagine he gets called up for a 'please explain' to the the Medical Board of Australia if he has falsely cleared a player. Could be disciplined by them (fine, reprimand, suspension from practising medicine for a while). It also tarnishes your reputation, and reputations matter in these industries. If the club allowed someone to play against doctors' orders, I imagine that would be an absolute shitstorm.
Ok Sydney. Now try and rack up a Richie Benaud. 2.22.
Apparently they are trying to hide the article with all those ads
PNG has over 850 languages among just 7.6m people, and is the most linguistically diverse country on the planet: https://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2017/07/economist-explains-14
Mark Williams to Essendon was a real heartbreak. /s But in all seriousness, at the time our club was pilloried for the decision to send Croad to the Dockers. There were protests, threats to sack the board - people were incensed as he'd gone within a goalpost width of putting us in a grannie. Boy how wrong we were. I think some of the 70s/80s departures, when money was just starting to come into the game, were probably the most controversial and upsetting for people. Look up the Richmond/Collingwood poaching wars; there was real bad blood between the teams then.
Adding murders and suicides to the number seems like it slightly skews things...
I feel like in the phrase "one of the world's most famous comedians", 'comedian' should be in quotation marks.
Iiinnnn West Chestconnecticut born and raised; on the playground is where I spent most of my days...
Broforce is fun
This answer sort of goes beyond the question, really... I mean, he's more than just an asshole - he's one of the most vile people alive. That's kind of like answering "What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?" with "The Holocaust".
An ambiclimate. It just keeps my house at the perfect temperature at all times; I can turn on the A/C on the way home and turn it off if I forget anywhere.
159 more to become joint leader in all time wins as coach. If he maintains his career winning percentage, he needs 230 more games to overtake Don Nelson, or less than three seasons.
Reality Bites. Winona Ryder (ok, already famous), Ethan Hawke, Janeane Garofalo, Steve Zahn, Ben Stiller, Renee Zellweger and more. EDIT: Also, how could I forget, Stand By Me: Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, John Cusack.
Donald Trump. At least I hope he was an accident.
Correct
Really: https://nypost.com/2002/09/02/brodericks-guilt-actor-to-meet-with-irish-kin-of-fatal-87-car-wreck/
Deal. If you bring back Ball.
You can not start a "Big Unit" club without cricket's ultimate Big Unit, Warwick Armstrong. Dude was nicknamed "The Big Ship" and weighed over 130kg.
Smith said he hasn't been training his bowling properly, so may not get a bowl.
Two more runs and we have Root right where we want him.
Mankad Root on 69. You can do it Garry.
Joe Root conversion rate about as successful as a "pray the gay away" camp in the US.
There once was a pommy called Vince, He made batting look like a cinch, But he wasn't so smart, He'd have a brain fart, And make all the English fans wince.
Can't get cover driven for four if you're hooked for six.
Cummins deserves a Michelle
TBH, your would take 350 on this deck for your first innings if offered it at the start of the test I reckon. You definitely take it at close of play yesterday.
I remember when Warnie use to occasionally throw one of those down. It's not a good look.
Given the Aussie selectors' sometimes we value youth, but sometimes fuck you policy, I think Geoff Marsh should come in for Bancroft.
Welcome to 2013 /u/blurandski. You should try this cool new thing called 'dabbing'.
Bar Fight - channel nine. Easily. Any sort of contest of intelligence, like "are you smarter than a third grader" or whatever it's called - BT Sport. Easily.
The greatest Australian all rounder since Keith Miller.
And chants about the proportion of the pies said kids ate.
The Don shouldn't even be in the conversation with Jake Ball as greatest test player of all time.
Really, Ali should be in luck. They say Khawaja only goes out to the one that doesn't spin. Ali should be taking Khawaja's wicket every ball with that logic.
Silver Tip tea I bought in Sri Lanka a couple of months ago when there :).
401*
He's not a bad nightwatchman.
Boom. Beat you to it! (/r/afl unite). edit: I never thought I'd see the day where I beat Lego22 to post something.
Oh you should try the BT Sport stream if you want to see bad gambling ads, and an excessive number of them. Didn't think it was possible to top Aussie sport broadcasting there, but England certainly have.
Here you go, if you want an example of one that is fking on all the time: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sg9o7uQNyLo You'll be dreaming of Slats and Heals singing Aussie gambling ads to you as lullabies instead of watching this.
If you discount the central coast from Sydney numbers, Melbourne is already bigger... http://www.smh.com.au/comment/is-melbourne-already-bigger-than-sydney-20170922-gyn2k4.html
gold
Steve Smith would like a word.
Ranatunga. Tubbs Taylor. Boonie. Sehwag. The list goes on.
I reckon the waist high pie full toss is probably not a bad strategy to get Smith out. I mean, sure a few will go to the fence, but he might miscue. Realistically, maybe it's your best strategy. Crane with the 4D chess.
Saving
When you look at standard deviations from the next best of all time, actually I believe it goes Bradman -&gt; Ty Cobb -&gt; Jack Nicklaus -&gt; Gretzky, but I could be misremembering.
LPT: have a mature and healthy relationship where a sex scene doesn't cause you to squirm.
......incontinentia buttocks
"You are all individuals" "We are all individuals" ".... I'm not" Has to be my single favourite line from anything of all time
Got to keep the white walkers out some how
That works when there is choice. Why don't they just force comcast et al to wholesale their backbone and let retailers compete? Then it would work.
I know Cummins is bowling a lot of bouncers now, but he's actually a really good guy. I wish him all the best. I saw him once at a hairdresser in Parramatta. I'd taken my daughter for her first haircut (my wife was out of town) and in walks Pat Cummins. I didn't want to bother him, but wouldn't you know it my daughter just starts crying and crying. I'm trying to get her to stop, embarrassed in front of Paddy boy - but eventually he comes over to try and cheer her up and then says "Aaaw, she's just hungry". Then, Cummins lifted up his shirt and breastfed her on the spot and got her to stop crying. Top bloke.
That brings back memories of Gilly behind the stumps just randomly spouting off fake ads for sponsors during a match, so that Channel 9 would turn off the stump mic. Hilarious.
In my view, it's still garbage (far too much barracking and rubbish), and the BT commentary is miles better than it, as is Triple M, Grandstand and basically everything else. But thought I'd post the article.
Second opening spot is tough. Cook played one good innings and that's it, but Bancroft and Stoneman didn't really stand up either. Make them rock/paper/scissors for it, or put in Maxwell just to piss off the selectors. Susan probably scrapes in with his innings, but I'd probably have Malan over M'Marsh and Bairstow over Paine; Paine didn't really do much and Bairstow had one good innings at least. Agree that not a single English bowler makes it.
Interesting that SK Warne made the list. Wouldn't have expected that. From memory, that was peak Macgill and Warney didn't even play the last test.
&gt; 115 with the ball. Those are Jake Ball numbers those are.
Agree - Stoneman deserves to be persevered with. He showed some fight and character. Vince, I think Kimber put it well the other day. Looks pretty; gets out a lot. Ali, Broad and Woakes could be in trouble.
It definitely increases /r/cricket comment volume
I don't mind the simplicity and explanations; I think that's a good thing. I mind the incessant barracking and one-eyed nature of the commentary, the lack of talking about what's actually happening or in-depth analysis which can be in addition to simple explanations.
This is all part of our secret plan to rename the league the HFL; the Hawthorn Football League. Step one - make all the coaches ex-Hawthorn. Step two - make all the club administrators ex-Hawthorn. Step three - make the entire AFL ex-Hawthorn. Step four - unleash Jeff as the CEO of the AFL. Just you wait until Jeff is in Gill's job. Then every club will just be a different species of Hawk.
This along with the Ray Allen one are probably my favourite "Letters to my Younger Self" so far. Some of them are just garbage, but these two really gave you insight into the character of the person writing it. Thanks for posting here.
Pretty sure I'd be in the GOAT conversation if I somehow managed to do this. (note: there is more chance of Dirk doing a 360 dunk after euro-stepping than me doing this).
I'd love to see a 30 for 30 documentary on the Spree
Allen Iverson?
He didn't mention any sponsors in 30 seconds of talking. Can't commentate in India, sorry.
Has Lebron finally overtaken Junior Bridgeman? Edit: nowhere near it. Junior by far the second most wealthy nba or ex-nba player ever
Fuck. First time I agree with Lindsay Graham on anything.
For the truly rich and not nouveau riche... No one cares what brand you're wearing
Magnets
Look at old Legowlas
Llamas with hats
Glass Joe from Mike Tyson Punch Out
Ding ding ding. Here is the winner. She is atrocious.
Of course dragons are found in Australia.
Similarly, Steve Waugh stopped playing the pull and hook shot in the latter part of his career. You have to adapt with age and time.
Hey girl, show us your bluebees. I'll see myself out.
So many competitors. We need an asshole bracket with voting. Pol Pot, Shiro Ishii, Idi Amin, Pinochet in the dictator bracket. Bundy, Shipman, Macy, Garavito, Fish in the serial killer bracket. Pai, Jackson, Cromwell, Trump, Abbott in the wanker politician bracket. Crosby, Cosby, Chris Brown, Weinstein in the shitty celebrity bracket.
Anyone who doesn't say Dragostea Din Tei doesn't understand the power of Numa Numa: https://youtu.be/KmtzQCSh6xk
Well that's nothing. Once I..... .... ....
I love it. The premise is not great though. But it's an awesome movie.
I was thinking form after leaving, not counting prime if that came before they left
I screwed it up on the phone, and then couldn't edit... Fixed now.
Ostertag
Jai/Jye/Jhye/Jaie/Jhy. Pick a spelling Australia.
Most boring DC Comics movie so far.
Adrian Cox
The original two metre Peter
Fraser Gehrig
I can't beat this. Was going to say Rory Hilton.
The Longmuirs
Ramanauskas
Shaun Burgoyne ;)
Jonathan Hay ;)
Fentanyl enema
Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. Truman show. The Lobster.
I mean, when asking, for your country, what can you do, do not bother. I'm doing much more for my country than anyone ever. MAGA
When GT2 came out, a mate and I completed every race, every license, got every car together and dominated. Now I play a racing game and I can't stay on the track. Mind you, this is after around 17 years I guess. I always sucked at FPS.
Amazingly, aren't there three separate racist points in one sentence? 1. Labelling countries shitholes. 2. Preferring Norway over said countries. 3. Asking "why" a person from said country deserves to come. You have to give him credit. Three racist points in so few words is hard to achieve.
What's it called when you go to say one thing but instead say your mother?
Entitlement
JS Bach is arguably the most influential of all time, so I'm going with him.
The importance of sewer systems
Pantone 448C . https://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2016/jun/08/stylewatch-pantone-448c-ugliest-colour-world-opaque-couche-australian-smokers-fashion
It's probably the least racist of the points, but still racist i feel.
Are you questioning the stability of his genius?
It appears you have it.... Isn't the correct title i have a walking cane made of bull penis?
So .... kickstarter
Yeah. Women should be for sale everywhere just like guns. /s
That he did
In episode 2F09, when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is a magic xylophone, or something? Ha ha, boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder.
The former Hawthorn forward. Was joking about one of the worst trades Essendon ever made.
Joel Embiid for the bants.
So let's combine boxing and basketball, chessboxing style. After each quarter, one player from each team squares off and at any time during a time out as well. Key is that player must have been on the court before the end of the quarter/time out to be chosen to box. You can win the game by either winning at bball, or winning the overall boxing round score. Problem. Solved. Next up, my bit about combining archery and diving to help shorten the Olympic programme.
The most mathematical flag: https://youtu.be/f2Gne3UHKHs
The masturbating dinosaurs thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5jomva/what_dinosaur_would_be_the_hardest_to_approach_in
Slough because I hate myself
If you get a tech you get an automatic five game ban, increased by two games each subsequent tech in the season. Draymond Green only gets like ten games a year.
Very true
Comment deserves 11/10
This is how 1929 started....
The Flying Dutchman, even as a Hawk supporter in an era when the rivalry with Essendon was at it's peak so there is a natural hatred between the teams amongst fans of that era, was a super exciting player to watch. Knights was one of the best marks to ever pull on the brown and gold. Put them both on each other - it was awesome to watch. The game was different, less running, less uncontested ball, more kicking it to a contest and trusting "your guy". These two probably split their duels over time and were some of the best to watch in that era.
Wait until players' younger than you's kids start playing.
Dahntay Jones played from 2003 to 2017. Tell me a Dahntay Jones highlight. I can wait. EDIT: Same longevity as Larry Bird.
What's green and has four wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Wag the Dog
https://youtu.be/du7ucCm-aeQ?t=561 https://youtu.be/du7ucCm-aeQ?t=595 https://youtu.be/du7ucCm-aeQ?t=916 https://youtu.be/du7ucCm-aeQ?t=1025 In case it's helpful
Two months of having a wireless mouse plugged into a coworker's computer, and every so often moving the mouse when he was working. Drove him so crazy that when he found out, he just stormed off and left the office. Told his wife and she thought it was hilarious (as did he, the next day); still a good mate until this day.
That was nothing like in the documentary that Jon Voight narrated.
What has happened to the Spurs' ball movement? They looked so stagnant tonight.
3pa will go through the roof, so the nba will alter the three point line to cut off at the sideline at or about the point it draws parallel with the foul line. No more corner 3s. Reduces the expected value of the 3, and scoring will come down a bit.
Go to the toilet after cutting chillis.
Can't wait to see the knight... I'm going to walk away from you on a slight angle so i can attack you.
I think you need to research current day slavery in Mauritania...
Griffondor
An asteroid, Mr President
Don't think he stopped that long ago either.
Debt-free
Straight women watching lesbian porn
So it's like upvotes
Its junior Tony Abbott
We know the answer to the life, universe and everything is 42. But what is the question?
Nephew
Used his mob connections from his heinous gambling addiction to have the guy whacked.
Better and more useful than most of the life pro tips posted to this site.
WackyforSchache
Round 10 Melbourne. Takes off mask. It's round 4 Melbourne.
https://media.giphy.com/media/1sxv51nArNaurooUOw/giphy.gif
Surely that was holding the man. Edit . probably not on replay. Bad dropped Mark.
A long 50.
It was one of the longer 50s I've seen. Sometimes they seem to only give a player about 30 too.
At least we got a 200m penalty
That Burgoyne report is hilarious
Yes. In his own way.
Oh there's the moronic kick into 50. Haven't seen that in a while.
Back to long 50s.
We've dominated this term for almost zero reward. Sigh. What is wrong with our 50 entries?
I like it.
Wtf is this 50mball?
Sorry. That's 50m.
Umpires. If we keep paying 50s we have to make less decisions. Genius.
50m
50m
I don't understand... Why wasn't 50m paid?
Have you seen souvlaki hut?
McEvoy may have the nicest set shot of any ruckman
He should touch Buddy's shoulders before each game
https://media.giphy.com/media/1sxv51nArNaurooUOw/giphy.gif
Wingard has been great for us
Henderson... That was a great kick to you. Why you misread?
Dixon been ordinary
Fuck you Tonga
Poppy seems off the pace since he's been back
Burton been good today
Wait Wait... And Hawthorn don't
https://media.giphy.com/media/1sxv51nArNaurooUOw/giphy.gif
Even upper. Haha.
There's my 50
Making up for the missed htb just before that
Everybody touched it
Umps wanting to feel important
Based on today, that should actually be 50 for consistency.
Start the printing presses early again?
Ball tried Not to lie, but ball lie
I wonder if this is how /u/fuckswithducks fetish started....
Christensen gone for the day i reckon. One week suspension probably.
Yep. Basically my math as well.
Are we absolutely sure the Scott brothers didn't swap coaching roles for fun at the end of last season without telling us?
"Injuries and poor form"
9.8 is hardly accurate
Trade to Victoria
Brisbane winning the second half
It's a definite week. Possible two down to one with accepting guilty plea. He chose to bump, good him high, concussed him and out for the day. Not intentional of course, but that gets a week for sure for careless high contact.
Rubbish. More ratings means higher advertising revenue means a better contractual negotiating position when the contract is up for review and more money for the AFL. I'd say the opposite. AFL only care about ratings and not the game day experience as much / fairness or any of that. Ratings means $$$.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, so that we may conduct mass trials in kangaroo courts.
There are dozens of artists that have done this. Jamiroquai released so many compilations to get out of his. Monty python have an album called "Contractual obligations" Miles Davis recorded three amazing albums back to back in one take to get out of a record deal.
One week, minus brownlow contender discount. He'll be fine.
MVP: Sidebottom DPOTY: Sicily COY: B.Scott ROY: Kelly MIP: Darling 6MOY: NFI
Shit is delicious
https://www.epicurious.com/expert-advice/what-is-chicken-salt-australian-article
I wish Hillary was president
Tetris
The footy gods were angered by AFL-X
Christian - if at eleventh you don't succeed, give up. You tried your best and failed miserably. The lesson is: never try.
Oh you want a quality inside 50 entry? Best I can do is a rushed long bomb to a player outnumbered 7 to 1.
Kennedy, Waite and Betts have quite a few between them.
If he wants it, agree. Sadly.
I believe the list of available head coach candidates is here: http://m.hawthornfc.com.au/club/people/staff
Now we know why the aflpa wants an in depth, deep investigation into the led signs.
Should be called a Hot Docking.
It's a me. Mario. I'm here for the blow-a-job.
Overseas real estate. That US economy going to crash and burn if that happens. Rest of the world will suffer badly too, but the US will be hit the worst.
So every single electronic device then.
Sewerage maintenance/processing
"Only a pawn in their game" - Dylan
Stirling Mortlock.
Bribes. He responds to bribes.
I can hear this in a Naked Gun style voiceover: "Like two cannibals giving each other blowjobs, we were going to gave to trust eachother".
The tragic song: "A pub with no beer". But probably something by AC/DC or INXS.
Most kids on xbox live's dicks, apparently
http://www.tectura.com.au/Portfolio/Detail/Williamstown One of the nicer located stadia in Australia, with the low rise so you can still see the water in the background.
I can't look it up now, because I'm at work... But it's this Korean webcomic that basically takes control of your browser and is.... Very very disturbing.
Odds on JR Smith doing this because he gets confused which end he's attacking before the end of next season?
Also WCE has the best stadium deal in the country.
One of the best ever quarters of football ever played. He was just absurd that final quarter.
Some moments aren't necessarily interesting to watch, but changed the game dramatically. I see people talking about intentional behinds changing the rule around rushing behinds. But probably more influential was Sheedy instructing the Bombers to always run over the mark. It used to be a 15m penalty, and the time it took to reset the play gave the Bombers' defence extra time to set up. It was increased to a 50m penalty as a result. Not interesting to watch, but influential. Another hugely influential (but impressive) moment is Nicky Winmar pointing to his black skin in front of racist Collingwood fans. That single moment did more to influence the AFL to really crack down on racism. Awesome moment.
I'll be in my bunk.
Just watching this video reminds me that he really loved playing against Geelong.
22 Relton Roberts v 22 Stewie Dews
From the gold telegraph. Not sure I'll be taking what they write at face value.
Ball don't lie
Hobgoblin and Legends are your best bet. Both in Roppongi past Don Quijote.
Is Shaun Hampson happy? https://medium.com/@kensakata/ablett-is-unhappy-is-shaun-hampson-happy-8e96cf6e95fd
Oh just like some churches with their tithings
My eye is twitching. He had a particular hatred for the Hawks. Understandable given our rivalry at the time he was younger. Man he always screwed us.
Well you certainly aren't allowed to praise AFL-X.
It's not tort. A tort is a civil claim. Matthews was charged criminally with assault.
Imagine if dude number 7 ran over the mark and gave away 50.
Why Why why.....
The sad thing is the best player of this game gets three brownlow votes, the same as the best player in any other game... I'd like to see Gil say: Three votes - no one. No one deserved three.
They probably only need another 760 inside 50s to get there then
Handy point
Will Langford says hi
Applying for the job of St Kilda CEO?
I thought you left twenty minutes ago
Cheney has played well today
Stupid West Coast.... Ruining the Gold Coast memes.
Gibbs thinking he still plays for Carlton there
He'd definitely be in the votes if it wasn't a midfielder medal
O'Brien took a Mark!
You could fit three Caleb Daniel's in Lobb's sleeves
Clearances are overrated
You mean our 2018 strategy...
Illegal disposal sometimes matters. Sometimes doesn't.
There is hawks i50s
FFS . he was following the player.
Ceglar has been MIA today
That comment from Frawley is the best thing he's done all year
No they weren't
Langford has been less than useless
Frawley and Timmy O crash into eachother and fuck up.... The story of our backline.
That's embarrassingly easy
We have the worst i50 entries in the comp
