Read the Darth Vader Marvel run that's going on right now.
Graphics are so overrated. I don't give two big farts about FPS, resolution or any of that crazy technical shit. Just give me a great story and a fully upgraded Hunting Rifle or bring back Ol Painless and I'll be good to go. Good graphics don't make a good game, the same people that complain about graphics are so hypocritical because they probably have the biggest boner for retro style indie games. Which I love, but I don't care about visuals. Just don't make my eyes sore.
Didn't Sr. shave his stache before a Brickyard one year? I swear this happened.
Or just be sad and alone and have a big bed all the time
Too bad this isn't on a Wii, then we could call it Deja Nintendo! Eh?
I always thought Dwight Yoakam would make a great McPoyle
You're telling me. I can't do it.
I'm the opposite, I think I know Megaton better than my actual home of 15 years.
I saw something kinda like this happen at a stop light. This lady backed directly into the truck behind her, obviously felt the impact, back up farther and then drove off when the light turned green.
Now I just need a way to win 600k
Makes me think of the Animaniacs
Goddamn what is going on in San Fran?
As a falcon, I don't understand either statement ):
Are they a high school couple? Jesus, this is the most annoying team in the NBA
Worth it.
My sultan. I spent the first week of gta online on 360 searching for this car. I'll never let it go.
"Well, he kinda looked like Tom Hardy and everyone says I remind them of Charlize Theron, so we figured what the hell"
By that logic where is Robert Horry on your list? Or Steve Kerr?
Ooo. That sounds interesting
I'm on ps4!
https://youtu.be/1fuHwZKXPFY
Yeah, Sansa wishes she looked like that.
Every video game I own is now obsolete,
dawg, we get to build our own fucking settlements. It's like they spied on my wet dreams
build your own weapons and armor and have enemies come out of the ground and then have a voice and then be able to make your character actually look like a real person and then be able to craft things out of the random trash you find and then and then and then
fuck it, i'm just gonna play fallout shelter until november
2020? Fine.
Don't worry, bitch, you're a lion.
Luckily I'm single and I think it'll last until well beyond November
T-60b goddamn.
Didn't they originally say that FO3 had like 200 different endings?
Yeah. I do about the same, I think.
That was my number one on my excitement list until this 4 become official
The lowest you can go is 15%, right?
I like that fresh fade on 7
I always thought this was such a white thing to do.
I don't like you anymore, you taste like a burger.
Gaoo Spurs Gaaaao
Who's the looks? Or the useless chick?
What if the new DLC just adds an 8 star wanted level?
Idk, it was a joke. A bad one at that
I prefer the leveling system Skyrim had over Fallout's
Well, I'm not technically starting but for a year or so I've only been reading DC/Marvel. I've just now moved to more indie comics. I've read all the like essential stuff and now I'm trying to find stuff on my own.
Oh wow, I didn't even know that existed. I'm gonna finish preacher, Y and Secret Wars before I move on to anything new but I'll keep that in mind
Idk why but I think these are so goddamn funny
No, not in the way they're intended. I promise.
That's like when I was in 4th grade I told my mom if I played Turok it would help me learn about dinosaurs.
If you like road construction you should move to Chapel Hill.
I think once you hear that report you can track it on the mission select screen. It'll have "Intel"under the icon
You've Got Mel-anoma
You're right. Who says no to free high-speed pizza?
I think every high school had a rumor about kids killing cats. At my school a rumor went around that a dude would bury cats up to their necks in his yard and then run the lawnmower over them.
I bought two 8 mills when they were half off. It gave me 8 and then told me I had a limit, so I bought my yacht and as soon as the money came out of my account it added the other 8 million. It's kinda weird but its not lost
Because people got gift cards, shark card were 50% off, grinding for a yacht is ridiculous, not everyone plays GTA exclusively and hackers are fucking annoying. At least that's why I did it
I wish I had this game ):
Well the fact that they had meaningless games AFTER the playoffs games is a pretty bad sign.
It's a bad sign when our tailbacks are better QBs. I would give my left leg to have Aaron Murray back
Did Bobo and Willie Martinez take over play-calling in the second half? For one last middle finger to the fans?
We both know that's not happening.
Pac-12 Nerd
I'm just saying, get ready for a lot of 3rd and long screen passes that go for 2.
I pulled for you nerds yesterday and ya'll shit the bed. I always pull for the SEC but that's just me being a homer
Bobo would have called a screen
We try. It has a lot to do with being downtrodden for years and years
YES
If that surprised you, I'd like to introduce you to UGA football.
Oh, mercer! I see you
thank fuck. UGA is undefeated in 2016. GG PSU. Now bring me some Kirby and Chubby. Now I'm praying to Munson that Leonard Floyd stays
He made a comment about Richt being the only person that could make him stay. So, I mean, it's highly unlikely but I'm hoping.
okay, good. I even pulled for Auburn against FSU a few years back. That one hurt to do
I just subbed to r/cfb today and I'm kinda surprised that so many people have two teams on their flair. I always get so much shit for saying I like more than one team. I mean, UGA will always be number one and the gap to my second favorite team is the Grand Canyon, but still. I feel safe here.
sorta how I feel about the National Title (;
makes sense
yeah, I knew they didn't sell it but I'll check that out
I just realized that maybe Dale Earnhardt Jr. is our good luck charm. I mean, we've never lost a single game when he drives his car on the field before the coin toss.
Come on guys, we have to make other conferences believe that every SEC defense is great. I mean just look at Georg- I mean, just look at Flor- I mean, just look at Tenness- Shit.
Memphis' QB looks like Nick Kroll
Yeah. I've never understood why you wouldn't want your conference to be the best. What's the point of being excited to play your rival if your rival is 2-10? You'd want them to be undefeated so if you beat them it actually means something. Oh well
What ever happened to the starting off in modifieds, then truck, then Busch, then cup? It was so cool when guys would retire and you'd get offers for their job. Other AI drivers would move up. You could even buy your own teams in every series. I'll never know why they stopped doing this. IMO it was the best career mode for any sports game.
I know this will never ever happen but please let this happen
Fuck yeah! I don't know who that is!
ACC fans are ridiculous.
At first I thought this was all stuff I'd seen on AVGN but you have things I didn't even know existed. Thanks
As a falcons fan I'm gonna go ahead and start being disappointed that we pass him up
We won but in usual UGA fashion we were dragged into the win kicking and screaming.
I think we did that.
I feel exactly the opposite.
Yeah, I've watched his defenses in the past and read up on the stats. My biggest concern is the talent he's working with being a lot higher than what he's going to with UGA. He'll be losing Floyd and Jenkins but I'm hoping he can maximize the talent of guys like Dominick Sanders or Lorenzo Carter.
I've heard great stuff about his recruiting and the one thing UGA has always done well is recruit. As far as Pruitt he did a pretty good job with us but things turned sour towards the end of the year. It was better than Martinez or Grantham but that's not saying much.
I'm not worried about him making mistakes. My biggest concern is expirence but Richt was an OC with no head coaching expirence before he came to Athens and we still love him. So it isn't that huge of a deal. I'm just really excited about a brand new staff
&gt;but it does require a lot of discipline and organization shit.
"Well I wanted 60 but two is more than I came in with."
A rough year or two sounds great, considering we've been having a rough five or seven.
Blow
I love Richt and Miami is probably my new second team (as weird as that is to say) but our team always had a glass ceiling under Richt. So many UGA players are making huge impacts at the next level and I feel like we wasted talent and underachieved. So I'm so ready for a brand new start.
With the talent we're retaining I think we're easily a 10 win team. I'm hoping we can keep Leonard Floyd but I really don't think so.
Any Jean Ralphio comment is appreciated.
Sorry you had to have Muschamp.
Well UGA will always be a huge player in the south as far as recruiting and the stuff I've heard about Kirby's recruiting got me really excited. I wouldnt be shocked if we landed a number one recruiting class very soon. As far as the UGA national title, I can't even begin to imagine that.
Yeah, maybe. He was in over his head at Florida.
We need a lot. I might be okay with drafting a qb :x
Thank you, good luck next Monday. I don't plan on saying that again to an Alabama fan for a very long time.
Did I just agree with yellow jacket? Well, y'all are known for being geniuses so I can deal.
You just gave me a boner
WE FINALLY HAVE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH. BEAMER BALL IN ATHENS.
We went from no special teams coach to landing the son of the best special teams coach ever. Are we building a dynasty?
They did. We had a special teams coach by committee. Boy, that always never worked.
We will never have a problem recruiting at UGA. The state is a top 3 recruiting state and we tend to lock down top recuits regularly. For fuck's sake we reached all the way out to Washington. We can get the talent in but we've been wasting it. I'm hoping Kirby can change that.
Yeah. Look at the NFL right now. There is top level UGA talent all over the place. If it wasn't for JJ Watt, Justin Houston would be the top defensive player. Plus, Gurley is the next best TB, AJ is a top 3 WR and Rashad Jones is top notch.
I didn't know that. Why did you tell me that? You monster.
I'll take it. I don't know what it's like to have a special teams coach.
Yes. Cam is kinda like LeBron James in the sense that anywhere he went (within reason) he would have won them a National Title. That's the nicest thing I'll ever say about Cam ever again. I'm going back to sticking pins into my Cam voodoo doll.
This will be our year Chubb for Heisman oh God no There's always next year
The media will try to combine Beamer's and Hershel's names together.
Bearschel Ball
Don't forget Nick Marshall. Also, I think Louisville should be UGA's next big rival. JHC transfered there, Grantham is their DC and fucking Petrino helped murder the Falcons.
I didn't even know this was a rumor. My heart skipped a beat reading this.
You beat me to it.
that's my biggest hang up with our old staff. We have wasted SO much talent. Look at the NFL, there are top Georgia alums all over the league making impacts. Sigh.
The only thing keeping my expectations low is that Tennessee is gonna be tough (but they gotta come to Athens) and we have to play Ole Miss on the road. Hopefully we can beat down Buzz McAllister and his Vols but Ole Miss worries me. At least we FINALLY HAVE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH
I'll never pull for the Panthers. Not even in a Space Jam situation where the Panthers have to play for the existence of the human race.
I would give just about anything for a fappening type leak centered around Steph
As a fan of dumpster fires and train wrecks PLEASE LET THIS HAPPEN
"No, no, no. Not Johnny! I'd be a fool to sign Johnny Manziel. However, I met a charming young man named 'Billy' at a Casino last weekend ... "
UGA dynasty. That has a nice ring to it.
Yeah. Lower Deck trading cards. Catch 'em!
Lawl
He took a year off this season too
At least no one from Alabama will get that joke! Double burn!
Cavin plz
What would our team even look like without special teams liabilities?
Plus we pull running backs because of the Herschel legacy.
Hey, you had Calvin Johnson, Demariyus Thomas and ROMAN REIGNS
I'll take what I can get
I tell VT fans that a hokie is a castrated turkey
Doesn't Colorado have a chant that goes: FUCK EM UP FUCK EM UP FUCK EM UP GO BUFFS!
Well, hell. I always thought that was a joke. It's funny, if you look up Hokie it takes you to a VT site that explains that a Hokie has nothing to do with a turkey. I guess they're embarrassed.
I live in NC, I know all about the bandwagon (Panthers)
Having to play us and Bama would be too much for them. Let's hope it gets started back up.
Thank you for this. That's how I know about the chant, from watching a game on TV and being like '....wait a second...'
I'M NEW HERE
Living in NC, there's only one Coach K.
I love their 'traditions'
I wish I could upvote you twice. Just for your username
Wilbon?
DABO? MORE LIKE DABONEM. goddamn the Panthers.
I CONCUR WHOLE-FUCKING-HEARTEDLY
PLEASE. If we got to play an ACC schedule we would easily get into the National Title picture. I say this now but watch UNC hand us our asses in Atlanta next season.
The 2016 Vols still terrify me.
Our first game in Sanford was against Yale. Can we fire that one back up?
Yeah but if you're even a little competent at football you can make the National Title game.
The most terrifying looking mascot in sports. Even more so, now.
IKR
If Simmons cared about college football we could get the band back together.
Holy. Fuck.
Then Corso can say "THAT DOG IS UG-LEE"
Now you're talking.
Reminds me of Tom Goes To The Mayor.
Always ditch the girl wearing orange. Always.
Sorta like how Tennessee's full name is the 'Lady Volunteers' but only the women's basketball team uses it?
The Auburn Plainesmen doesn't strike you?
Hey man, I totally understand your skepticism. But I was there.
FFS you let Lambert set a fucking NCAA record. Thanks for that, by the way, because now people kinda think he's competent. That was your plan all along, wasn't it?
):
Sorry but we're a package deal. You don't get UGA without drunken barking.
I know going to Jacksonville is a tradition but I really wish UGA/UF was a home and home
It's like a tag team match. But who would be the teams?
Well, see. Carolina being Atlanta's rival makes me not like them. Them drafting Cam as a double UGA rival (Auburn/UF) made me really not like them and the fact that they're the Carolina Panthers instead of Charlotte or North Carolina really bugs me.
Seeing Nick Chubb in Tech colors makes me want to throw up my brain through my asshole.
Blegh. South Carolina rides the coat tails of the one true Carolina!
Butch Jones looks like an older Buzz McCallister
Are you saying Kirby Smart looks like Jon Lovitz?
Jerome Simpson represent!
Alright, Bama fans. What are we getting here? You guys are basically a DB factory which is nice. I know his NFL work isn't a point of pride and UGA has been burned by NFL coordinators. (Grantham &amp; Schotty) EDIT: also what's the news on an OC? EDIT2: So I totally missed that we hired an OC. Any Arkansas fan wanna make me feel better or worse about this?
You predicted the dang future, boy.
And make it the first Thursday of the season. I loved how they did it the past two years.
Yuck. You can keep Lane.
How did I miss this? Also, where in NC are you?
Greensboro here. I think NC has to be a UGA fan pipeline state.
Give 'em the ole Swinney Weenie
Like I said, awesome coach but the ultimate turd. Don't act like you were 100% stoked when he got the job.
I can deal. But it wouldn't be much of a contest
I'd love that but 2016 is way too PC to keep calling it it that. Which is too bad. They don't even call it The World's Largest Cocktail Party anymore.
Right. But before hand when you thought 'damn he couldn't cut it with the Raiders, bailed on Tennessee and then got ran out of town in LA, why would we want him?'
Well, I goofed. I thought I did.
478 bringin the hate
It's about 5 from me. But yeah, the west side of NC and North GA border each other.
No but that's still not a great track record even for an assistant
I was just saying how big of a fan-base UGA has here. It's like the 4th most popular school
Like West Virginia? They act like that's a mountaineer. It's just a regular dude from WV.
That's fine. I should have clarified: a world without Lambert and Ramsey bring the QB is a world I can't wait to live in.
C'mon, just say something nice about Big Game Bob.
r/sodontcomment
Was that so hard?
I almost said that but couldn't bring myself to do it.
Tell me about it.
Can confirm.
Fucking lol
I grew up listening to NASCAR being called by Eli Gold and I miss it so much. Bama fans are incredibly lucky to have him. I hope in the future you can choose between the CBS crew, no commentary at all or your school's radio broadcast. Oh well
I never knew that. Can I revive Munson?
"There's always next year" should be on a sign that our players have to touch before taking the field.
So, you're telling me you've never heard anyone start a statement with the word 'so'?
I don't see how people disagree with this. I mean, if we had a competent QB we could have been in the title hunt. I mean, shit, if you can't make the cut at Virginia that's a pretty bad sign.
12 year old girls work at NPR? Weird.
He's a better option than a guy who is also our punter. Granted, I'd rather have Lambert than Mason but that ain't saying much.
Ryan Dunn did it first
I can't wait to start calling UGA 'Kirby's Dreamland'.
I'm really trying to go up to South Bend in 17
CHRIS CONLEY DAMN GOOD DAWG
I hate I missed that
Same with Munson. He's originally from Minnesota IIRC. Still Eli Gold's voice is pure ... Gold.
New coaching staff, healthy Chubb, one year old Trent Thompson, actual QB. Lots of reasons.
I thought she was in on the joke when she said she had a Ball Python
Hey, don't feel bad. I live in NC so if I get invited to a party it'll be to watch the goddamn Panthers and bars are basically no-man's land becuase of the unwavering Tide of Bandwagoners.
Chances we'll be defending a National Title by then? Siiiiigh
I don't but I'd much rather take a chance on an unknown than trot out someone we know doesn't work
If I was a Bengals fan I'd be looking for a new team right now. I feel bad that AJ Green has to be part of that shitshow.
I've always liked the Bengals because they draft UGA players but you can't have fucking Vontez and Pacman on your defense and expect them to be smart
I'll be there
Goddamnit. Older! Guys, we don't recruit toddlers, I promise!
I'm not expert, but that sounds like a lot of houses for one mom.
):
I love Matt Ryan. I hope next season he'll be acclimated to the offense. If not, we should use a draft pick on a qb to light a fire under his ass
I don't know either. I mean we started out 5-0 and then fell of the face of the earth and Matt Ryan never really looked confident after the 5-0. Even with Julio, who you can just throw down field to. But if you guys are happy with that kind of season, that's cool too.
Breaking News: The NCAA bans Bama from competition for receiving gifts.
I'm gonna pretend you're asking about me. I'm doing well, thanks for asking.
It was a dang joke, dang
Dude, they're a thousand times worse than Saints fans. But that's NC for you. Tarheel and Duke fans are exhausting, panthers fans only know Kuechly and Newton, they dab, they flood Facebook with memes. Not to mention they act like the ACC is God's gift to college football and the SEC is just some mid major conference. It's awful
I want A. The story behind this And B. A video
We call them the Aints
All you need to do is hate the Aints, hate the Panthers, pretend like you didn't even know Tampa Bay had a team, realize Julio is the fucking truth, our team will be better, Freeman is a top 3 rb and WE'RE GETTING A NEW STADIUM. Also, you might wanna be prepared for let downs almost constantly but the highs are amazing. You can't be a real sports fan unless you're always worried about being let down.
I would like it if they added in the sea creatures. It wouldn't change the game because no one really does much ocean stuff, even with yachts. The sharks actually have to be programmed to react to you, along with the animals on land but the other sea creatures are premade animations, right? They don't really react to you in any way, so they could be implemented and it wouldn't make the ocean (in online) so damn boring
I don't think DayZ is considered scary, I mean, no one even cares about the zombies anymore. But find yourself out in the wilderness all alone and you start to realize that somewhere out there, someone is watching you. Freaks me out.
A lot of bad teams beat us. Tampa who?
Gonna watch Die Hard and Dogma all day
How did Hans Gruber die in 2001?
Came here for this.
Cheap Seats needs a huge comeback. That account he posted is pure gold. I would give anything for a box set.
*every*?
Fucking Requiem For a Dream.
No Larry Bird? Whatta jip
This is why I stopped doing mypark. I assume that most people play 2K the way they play pick-up in RL. 87% of my pick-up expirences has been one dude, drawing triple teams, hoisting up vomit-inducing shots and then complain when no wants to fight through screens or try and grab a rebound. The same thing happens on 2K. I assume people don't really understand how actual basketball works and just they just think that scoring is the only way to be good and make your team win. By the way, if anyone wants to play 2K with a few dudes that play like actual human beings PM me
Honestly, I hope this doesn't sound awful but I've noticed that hardly anyone will play with white dudes. I'm not a brown shirt and neither is my friend but we can never find a third and I really think it's because our characters are white. It also doesn't help that we have them dressed like complete psychopaths.
I'm a 90. People just will not play with me. I always see it happen to. The white dudes will just get passed up constantly.
If I was racist I wouldn't follow the NBA. I also wouldn't give them money. I would buy NHL16 and NASCAR Heat
Eh, I wish him the best for 14/16 games.
IF you can get a table at Hops.
Geeksboro can be a fun date I'd you guys are into that sort of thing. Also, it depends on what goes on over there in Monday nights.
After what they did to Simmons and Grantland I'm basically done with ESPN outside of live games and PTI.
Yeah, ESPN is falling off the face of the earth for me. After what the did with the whole Simmons/Grantland fiasco. They basically use Twitter to substitute for an actual journalist now and they ask the most ridiculous questions imaginable. I use ESPN for live games, PTI and the Bottom 10. That's it.
I used to love ESPN radio but Mike and Mike annoy me and there's no more Herd. The Simmons thing pissed me off because he's by far my favorite writer when it comes to sports. And Grantland was a good alternative for a one-stop site for sports, pop culture, video games, TV and movie reviews and so much more. ESPN has fallen hard, I can't even really watch sportscenter anymore.
I don't think there would be a problem with anyone giving you shit over there. Just look up their Facebook and see what's the Monday night event and go from there. It's a really cool place even if you just go alone
I've actually been watching it less and less. I think it's more of a nostalgia thing now, since I would get home from school everyday and watch ATH and PTI. I DVR them now because I'm working past 5:30 and rarely go back and watch them
Yeah, Around the Horn is really based on who is on the panel and who advances. I miss stat boy ):
goddamn right. I used to have my Simmons, Jalen, Jacoby, Mays, Barnwell and Lowe all in one simple place. Now they're all spread out ):
Irradiated Snake: A Legendary Survior
Collinsworth grates on my nerves at times but also, I love that a play can happen and then as soon as it's done he can point something out that everyone missed. He has a good eye. Also, this is why CBS has the worst play calling IMO
Mech Valentine: A Synth without a country
Ugh. It took me so long to admit this. But yeah, you're right. But that goddamn trailer gets me everytime.
Burt Sampson: "Consume my short-pants"
Hey remember when the Aints were a team full of millionaires but went out of their way to hurt someone so they could win $600? What a classy and intelligent organization
It also doesn't make sense that deflating a football by a minuscule amount would give you a 28 point advantage but I bet you were screaming about that last year.
me and my JUST had this argument. I'm on your side
Initially I thought that old dude with the kid wrapped around his waist was Bernie which made me wonder 'how the fuck old is Bernie, anyway?'
I've always wondered how they coordinate this match, if at all.
Yeah, I figured they had like certain points they needed to hit but I guess the other 85% of the Rumble is just on the fly
As an American I gotta wonder WTF we're doing if we aren't making this happen
Goddamnit.
&gt;Maverick Neurosurgeon
Did you really have to use the word obliterate? ):
I like that both teammates have the same base design but they should definitely change it up for the special schemes.
I don't think it's that. I don't even get a still image though ):
But I have all mine at the highest settings and I don't don't get images
Living in the heart of Panther country z I really needed this.
jesus, if that story doesn't get you laid I don't know what will
I'm in Greensboro and the circlejerk/bandwagon is exhausting. I've deleted suspended NY Facebook until after the Superbowl. I can't deal with these morons anymore.
I live in the heart of the Panthers circlejerk so I know how you feel.
I live in NC and when I bring this up to Panthers they all say the same thing 'we needed to lose, get out perspective back'. LIKE GOING UNDEFEATED ISN'T A HUGE ACCOMPLISHMENT
this is the best thing WWE has done in 6 years.
Idk man. They've dominated teams in thought were actually good and Peyton Manning can't move the ball at all. The only way Denver has a shot is if their defense goes crazy, which they can do but their offense won't be able to do much against Carolina's D
That makes sense. I just wish they would approach me because I forget. Also you don't get animations for entering a new era or building a wonder. Also, when you meet someone for this first time you don't get notified.
Okay thanks. Also, I only have one friend who plays civ so we're kinda screwed and have to play with AI
Yeah, I know but I sorta like the idea of a few other civs in the mix
Yahoo pool hax
Do we do that everytime?
That's the thing. We can't get past the countdown. The countdown hits zero and then freezes. We never make it into the actual game
Thanks!
Including their coach! Kidding I love LSU
THE SEC IS DEAD ALABAMAS DYNASTY IS OVER. oh wait, ESPN already said all this.
"Hey, you guys have 10 cocoa, my people only need one unit of it to increase growth and give me their undying affection. What can I give you to make this fair?" "Copper, horses, iron, wine, Boston, declare war on Alexander, open borders and 100 gold a turn"
I am so bummed out about this. My dad would always have the radio on during a race and would mute the TV during the commercials and listen to MRN. Sometimes we'd just mute the entire broadcast and listen to the radio. I was a big fan of Barney Hall. He and Eli Gold will always be at the top of my best-voices-in-sports list.
Dang. I guess I forgot the first black ops wasn't super futuristic
My personal top 5 is: Action 52, Plumbers Don't Wear Ties, Big Rigs, Silver Surfer and Dick Tracy. Honorable mentions include: Milon's Secret Castle, Dark Castle and Little Red Hood
The first thing I did when online launched way back on the 360 was server hop all day and night until I finally found a Sultan. IIRC they were way harder to find back then. I've had it forever and now I'm so stoked to mod it like this. Also, people who give sharkcards a hard time need to lay off. If R* keeps giving up fun updates and DLC for free then I have no problem throwing them 25 bucks. I don't have time to grind anymore plus there are other games I want to be playing. Now I just need 5 o clock to get here.
This was on the BS pod, right?
Well, that's good. I don't listen to DP though.
Exactly. The first blops was a mix of one of my favorite periods in American history and some pseudo-kinda-not-really-futuristic tech that didn't really belong in that time period but easily could have. It was a great mix and now it's a knockoff Crysis. Idk why they can't see that going back to their roots is what EVERYONE wants
But even then, he gets a pass for everything. Then he says that people are scared that he's a black QB and people can't compare him although, the past 4 SBs have featured a black QB. He's trying to explain why people don't like him without actually mentioning that he's a total shithead
Plus, if you can get a panthers fan to admit that they HATED Cam 2 years ago I'll give you a thousand dollars.
Flair up, plz
Ah yes, the standard Panther fan answer.
More referees should be like this
I love when the Panthers say stuff like this but then after they lost to Atlanta they ran to the lockeroom like their hair was on fire. Cool guys.
Well, they all say that same thing. It's like they took a class
Salty that they talk incredible amounts of shit but then pout non-stop? Sure...I guess?
Nope. If you don't think cam gets a pass then you're kidding yourself
Okay. He celebrates for 27 minutes after every positive play and people just say 'lol Cam being cam' but if Dez Bryant did that they would slay him on espn and start to flag him. Also Cam was a whining baby 2 years ago and people think he's matured but really it's because they're winning. If they start losing again he'll be crying at press conferences all over again. Then, he says people are afraid of him because he's an 'African American quarterback' like he's the first black quarterback to ever be in a Super Bowl except for this being the 4th in a row for having a black QB. He's just trying to justify people not liking him because he can't admit that he's a shithead. Also, if Tom Brady ever snatched an away fan's stuff and threw it down Goodell would have a team of snipers after him and ESPN would have had another witchhunt for him but Cam's "competitive fire" allows him to be a prick to other fans.
That's fine! I'll start my own all-star game. With Fundamentals and blackjack!
Thanks bb
Yep
&gt;I would be charmed No one has ever said that, ever.
She stole the game? Aren't the games in glass cases? Are Trix really just for kids?
Right, well if you're trying to make me sound dumb for not calling my self 'An UGA fan' just realize how stupid that sounds. I'm an University of Georgia fan. Nope
People are getting handjobs while they sleep. Wtf am I doing with my life
I feel bad for her but I also don't. If you're that close to a live game you better be prepared.
nsfw
Perhaps the stigma comes from the name of the sub?
I guess. I knew it was based on a joke but every time I've gone to pcmr it's been a complete circlejerk
We played Hawaii in the 07 Sugar Bowl and they were so dang nice.
Elaine has a secret bathroom that she intentionally rates low so that no one will visit.
That's why I forgot it was on Curb. Me and my friend used to talk about this idea all the time even before seeing Curb.
ESPN is streaming it.
Well, it really looks like he drew back and put some wrist action on it. Plus he missed the ball by a fucking mile.
I have FO4 for PS4 and have never had a single issue with it.
I downloaded far harbor 2 nights ago and nothing has been weird yet but we'll see
No. I saw the earlier videos on frame drops for zooming in but I never noticed. But then again, I don't care about FPS
Chard Ford. God, that's funny.
I kinda want to trade the pick. Unless LA hemorrhages and passes on Ingram. I'd love to have Ingram.
It's also free on PSN
'Sweet Dee Dyes Her Hair'
Oh man, me and a friend wrote a script about a hitman who lived with his mom and did hits for enough to pay for his half of the rent. Eventually he gets a contract to kill a woman who he falls in love with and saves. Idk,we never did anything with it but I always liked the idea of a lowrent hitman.
Those toes are the real offensive part of this post.
Please do that.
Yeahhhh I didn't think so.
All inclusive. You know what means? Eh?
Nah. I know, I was just making an Office joke.
Damn raiders with their glass candy.
Two cops shot a dude and his dog in front of his children while he was in his driveway reaching for a bottle of water. THANK GOD HE WAS WHITE
Arcadia is fucking duct tape city.
It's like an addict needing harder and harder drugs. Eventually weed (comic cleavage) stops getting you high (hard) so you look for harder drugs (porn). I get it.
A Chinese DLC would be interesting because we hear about them constantly in 3 but know very little about them
Oh, yeah. Big smokah
Am I the only person that liked 3 more than NV?
This looks fun but I've always wondered why developers don't get some top notch company to do a book for them. Fallout and metal gear solid would be two prime targets for a comic book run
Holy. I never knew
I have Kurt in the race pool but I'm at work and can't watch. How's he doing??
Don't remind me.
I'm that too but I don't talk like that, haha
I want Becky Lynch to read me bedtime stories every night.
This feels racist.
I like this idea. I'd also like to be able to highlight dead bodies because sometimes I lose people after a kill
Didn't this already happen?
Hey, you can never be too careful
You should have! That would have been better than Trump!
I was just talking about this yesterday. With all the lore and content that Fallout has I can't believe they never got a comic book run with an indie publisher.
I guess this is funny but I seriously cannot stand how people talk on Tumblr
You right you right.
How do I not know this one? Link?
I really only know SEC songs.
Sorry this caused you such stress
Yeah, he's the only dude in the world that got a hard-on during Wolf of Wall Street
It's the official state song of Tennessee and it's literally all that band ever plays so I'm sticking with it
Right. So let's call it the unofficial fight song
Hey, so everyone knows that Superman gets referenced in just about every episode of Seinfeld but I'm curious if you still read comics and if so what's your book of choice?
I hope this happens. He can't teach our receivers how to make dirty blindside blocks look perfectly legal.
Sorry. Maybe I should have said Kayfabe News reports:
I think seasons 8 and 9 are the low points for me. After Larry David left the show had a whole new feel. Most of the storylines became more surreal and less like day to day life. Still very funny but not as 'a show about nothing-y' as before.
In my mind I've always thought it was around 55K
I watched a ton of Clowney in college (he haunted my nightmares as a UGA fan) and yeah he was pretty fucking good but I never bought that he should be a first overall. He got a *ton*of hype over his destruction of that Michigan RB so that may have helped him jump up the boards. Plus, he basically gave up his last year in college.
This was my choice. I should have been at that race but I backed out at the last second ):
Why not both?
I don't live there anymore but the kazoo was invented in the town where I grew up
The best part of the brand split is that they can do a rookie draft each year from NXT.
Okay?
Someone thought 'hey, Minecraft makes a lot of money, right?' seriously by the time the 5th one came up I just watched a YouTube walkthrough. That armor is fucking choice though, especially if you mod it to be ultra-light. Wasn't the memory retrieval process way more interesting with Kellogg?
More variety is definitely needed.
A soldier without a home A legend among the wastes Irradiated Snake
It could be a while considering we haven't even gotten all the DLC yet.
There ya go. Now to do something about the character's voice ...
Go for it. That'll let us get Ingram.
You need to sharpen your skills
What a chreapskate!
Where do I start?
As a UGA fan I can get down with this.
People that ask for money aren't usually this fucking awful. Unfortunately, the shitty ones give the rest a bad rap. I had a guy poke his head into my parked car and ask for change, when I have it to him he looked and me confused and ask 'is that it?'.
It was definitely new but I wouldn't say cool
Yeah, that looks cool now but what does that mean?
Thank God we'll never play there.
I couldn't resist. Rise up doe
I lost it.
I loved this.
Sanford Stadium in Athens, GA is situated east/west which I personally find hilarious.
Youre supposed to miss him, I'm not.
I've always thought Jerry was dreaming
I didn't say the full episode was a dream. Elaine, George and Kramer can all have separate experiences while Jerry is dreaming.
Todd Gurley ain't got time for no real burger.
I don't get why they couldn't have included new workshop items ALONG with major DLCs.
You could make a killing at Stanford
This is my biggest complaint with FO4. I loved 3 but all the unique weapons were identical to the basic bitches. New Vegas did it right
Career mode plz
I love the sound of one single car on the track. (I know there was four but you get it)
I always knew he did but I'd never heard him in an extended interview. He seems very down to earth.
It certainly wouldn't hurt.
1. They'll trade it 2. We gamble and either Simmons or (hopefully) Ingram get passed on.
I'm pretty scared of them. Not looking forward to our trip to Oxford
Exactly, nbd ... yet (;
When someone hands someone else a gun and says 'you know how to use one of these?' Or When someone runs out of ammo so they throw the gun away.
I'm interested in this too.
Alright, alright. So far so good but we've been burned by nice looking nascar games before. I'm still hoping for a career mode like EAs for the PS2/Xbox where you start as a no name modified driver and worked your way up. Please.
Goddd. That's ALL I wanted ):
I've never been to the Grove. I might go this year.
Yeah. I didn't know the best way to title this so you could find it. But I like my neckbeards mysterious anyway.
LeBron is great. He really really is but I cannot pull for him.
They scored a touchdown. Maybe this is football afterall
I'm literally flushing money down the toilet
Red Dead Redemption (probably)
BUFF KEVIN HART MY FAVORITE
"These guys have a mind of their own". JBL, that saying only works if you're referring to something that doesn't actually have a mind.
Chances he cashes in tonight? I think it'll happen
I thought 40 was sort of like the defacto price for all remakes. Maybe not.
I don't like him but goddamn that's impressive
I guess Ray John Rose just doesn't have the same ring to it.
I really like Jon Good too but it doesn't fit that character at all.
I love the name Miroslav
Or John Goodman breaking off a tree branch to beat Seth Rollins with
I can see it now. "you'll be Johnny B. Badd"
u guiz r bad at chantin'
3 got me.
That makes sense considering we have the best receiver in the league.
Antonio Brown also has a MUCH better supporting cast. Put Julio in Antonio's situation and Julio becomes the fucking Terminator.
I'd much rather trade for Okafor than Noel. IMO Noel is not worth a 3.
This isn't funny at all but god this is the most Mark Sanchez thing to happen to Mark Sanchez
I totally subscribe to this.
I've always heard this and always believed it.
I live in NC and love Duke basketball. I would absolutely lose my shit if the Lakers did Laker things and passed on Ingram. However, I know that won't happen. ):
Damn Good Dawg
Personally, I wish we wore the 90's blacks with the 70's red helmet every week.
I really hate our primary jerseys. Idk if I'm alone on this or not. Personally, I prefer plain Jane jerseys like NYG, Dallas, 49ers etc. I LOVE our red 70's helmet black 90s top uniform, I wish that was our actual primary. Do what the Hawks did and embrace the old logo but don't change our colors to neon yellow
No. The black jerseys are cursed.
You would.
Those were bad and the 09(?)Cocktail Party red/black Nike vomit was even worse.
I love the black jerseys. I really do. Alabama cursed them for me but now it's been long enough we can bring them back. But don't change our helmets, red with a white stripe and don't you fucking dare change our silver britches.
I was born too fucking early
There's plenty of room on the American bandwagon
Does 2Pac count?
That ibaka trade names OKC the favorite for the title if KD stays which I think he will (at least for on year). As far as my team, I have no fucking idea.
But he did rap with Digital Underground a bit
How do you feel about A. The new cartoony mascot image and B. The new Nike bubble font
That new bulldog logo is such a pile of shit. Seriously, I fucking hate it and it makes every hat/shirt look awful. I still don't like the new font but it's not abrasive. I'm with you though, our jerseys before Nike did Nike things were perfect. Seriously, perfect.
Agreed. Everything else is fine by me. I just wish we had the thin block lettering back
Please be good pleaae be good please be good
Motherfucking Mike got me
Shit, he died less than a week later. That's creepy
TIL Kellen Moore is still in the league.
In Mario Kart 64 when you select Grand Prix, Mario says "Mario Grand Prix!" (I think) and I always thought he said "Are you Crazy?"
I think that's the reason John Wall didn't go to Duke.
No one broke them up. No one even noticed. They rolled around IN THE GROOVE. JWT was smiling? What in the good fuck was that.
I'm in tears. I'm laughing my rod off over here. I want them to show that before every race.
I seriously think that fight was planned.
What in the fuck was that? That was the most awkward 'fight' I've ever seen. It was like hockey. No one noticed, no one broke them up, they were rolling around IN THE RACING GROOVE, JWT was smiling, and then they just gave up. Seriously, was that planned ?
But it's still the race groove?
And of course no cars were coming, dingus
True. I just knew they were cracking down on on-track stuff after the Tony Stewart incident
10 dollars is fine. I bought an antenna but it isn't great. I'm thinking about doing TWC's cheapest cable option which is 10 a month for basically just your local stations.
I like when Germany played Nigeria.
No one said Canterbury Commons? Wtf. OR ANDALE
The answer has to be Manziel
Between our rookie class this year and the guys coming up through NW/CWTS everything is looking great. I think this is the best young talent pool we've had in years.
He better apologize to the fans for that shitshow 'fight'
&gt;come standard
Honestly I think it would make sense to stay in OKC for one more season for financial reasons and because of the addition of Oladipo which I think makes them the way-too-early favorite for 2017. However, KD signed that mega Nike deal so finances shouldn't be a huge concern and if he's fed up with OKC/the West/losing I think the only team that he's interested in that makes sense is Boston. He won't be 'The Guy' in GS, SA or LA. He would, however, be unquestionably THE guy in Boston. We have a top 3 coach, a great supporting cast that desperately needs a star, a haul of top draft picks and the ability to sign two guys. I mean, I think it makes sense to come to Boston but I'm fucking biased.
Same could be said for this past season with Simmons/Ingram
Not to mention that big men aren't exactly priority anymore. Especially when we already have a log jam with big dudes.
What a great read. Thanks OP
That's my marble rye!
I think Durant wants to be THE man on his team. He's never really totally owned the Thunder. If he goes to GS, he's Steph's Robin, same with SA and Kawhi/LaMacus same with LAC and Chris. If he comes to the C's it's his team unquestionably and he can have the type of pseudo GM power that LeBron has.
Bradley, Smart, Crowder, KD and Amir. That sounds good to me.
Dwight Howard is the absolute opposite of muscle.
The only argument you need is 17&gt;11+5
I grew up in Georgia. We try to block it out of our memory
Dude, idk. Call me crazy but isn't Isiah the perfect 6th man?
I live in reidsville but we're expected to get the boost with GSO
I think his character issues are a bit more than 'slight'
I would LOVE a career mode where you can get called up to the national team. Also, setting up international tournaments and creating your own national roster would be great.
They talk about this on Seinfeld but I Always though it was a gag
Hey, I'll take female attention wherever I can find it!
I like Mike's signature.
Oh man, that's nice. Idk why but I was thinking it was a loveseat. My bad.
TIL I've been in tech school 29 years
I don't want Dwight Howard at all. At all. If it was 2011, I'd give all our Nets picks for him but it's 2016 and he has fallen off a cliff. He has back problems (red flag), character issues (red flag), coach killer (RED FLAG), a chemistry nightmare (red flag) and he's past his prime along with being one of the most boring players in the world to watch. Personally I don't want any part of D12. I'd rather play 4 on 5
God no.
Well I have a job. ):
Yeah. I love this.
Someone argued to me that England is a favorite in every tournament they entered. I wish I had this post 4 days ago.
True. I'd always pick team USA in FIFA. One because I'm American and two because it's cool to be the top guy on a not-so-top team. However in NBA, I might have to pick a new country
No wtf? I'd give me left butt cheek for Brandon Ingram but I ain't switching rosters.
Mila Kunis and I don't care who the other poon-is?
Clemson by default
LOOK HOW GREAT AMERICA IS
You kill your synth self and search his body but find no synth component. BUM BUM BUUUM
