Someone needs to send flowers to Elvis Andrus. Poor dude.
Daniel-san, Daniel-san!
Went to bed early, because work. Woken up by my wife yelling "WHAT? NOOOO!" on repeat. Well this whole series had certainly been sub-optimal.
Want to know the crazy thing with old F1 cars? You steer with the wheel, throttle, and brake. All 3. It makes sense once you get it, but until then it's maddening.
If you go into the corner hot and brake late, the car gets unsettled. If you go in slow and leave hot, the car gets unsettled. If you go in at the right speed, you probably have significant understeer. So your only option is one of the first two, using the gas and/or brake to control your turn. Very often you find yourself using all three.
# UH OH
I swear George is saying "Poor defensive alignment" when he says "Ford defensive alignment." I fear this has been prescient every game this series.
Well everyone, my wife just abandoned ship for Paul Blart: Mall Cop. My wife is the big Reds fan in the family. This bodes not well at all.
1.
Bad habits beget bad habits, and so forth.
Then the best case is to get the current weather, calculate quick, adjust for error, and hope.
Going to assume this happens a lot.
I've played since FS 5.1, and bought every game since. I fly now because, with two little ones, I don't have a lot of time to concentrate specifically on a game. Instead, I get everything going, let the plane do its thing while I play with the girls, and can even give some cool science, math, and history lessons in the process. Now my 3 1/2 year old is interested in airplanes. Pretty cool stuff.
# THE TIME HE WAS NO LONGER ABLE TO HAVE KIDS
# OVERMYHEADPANIC
Attendance just short of 41,000, which should be enough witnesses for an arson conviction.
And American Pharoah just got the biggest cheer here today, easily outpacing he second biggest cheer for Cincinnqti Pariah
Native Americans is the preferred nomenclature.
# I FORGOT THERE WAS A GAME BECAUSE I AM AT WORK
GARG?! WHAR?! WHAR GARG, WHAR?!!?!!
I read this as "meth" prospects. Which is what we'll get. Meth. Prospects of meth.
# FUCK ALL THINGS
&gt; red letter day &gt; RED LETTER DAY http://images.designntrend.com/data/images/full/57289/half-life-gordon-freeman.jpg?w=780
As person who likes to play with explosives, ditto.
"Hey...Dad? You wanna have a catch?"
A guy I'm friends with was in the army, and his sergeant went through Ranger training. The guy's comment was that, when he grew up, he wanted to be a PJ. Then he'd run everyone to death in full gear.
The brine contains potassium benzoate
How much skydiving depends on egress altitude and sense of fear/lack of situational awareness
Yep, he could have been mur-dered.
It's Always Sunny in Omsk
DOESN'T WORK ON MY VOODOO3 WHY?????
More dildos!
and with the way that ammo prices went up because paranoid assholes, I'm not wasting money these days.
Quick, someone try to shill for Abacus!
##PUNCH DICKS ##WIN GAMES
I regret I have but one upvote to give for this post.
[On it!](http://www.427squadron.com/images/neil_russ_pics/sabre_and_sheep.jpg)
You're going to need some air cover if you're going to enter the Danger Zone
Yep, and they refused to put up with this shit.
HOLY FUCK
Eats, shoots, and leaves?
Should have been!
[Click both above link and this link, watch and listen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg92QpjRcJk)
I was flying the Wilco Airbus A320 from somewhere in the eastern time zone, south to north. Just cruising along in the uper 300 flight levels, when all of a sudden both engines go out. Don't panic, did I just pull a Gimli and mess up my fuel conversions? Nope, I have good fuel. Did I bork up my checklist and forget something? Nope, engines are configured as they should be. I literally have no idea why both engines both shut down at exactly the same time. I configure it to glide, get the APU turned on (it starts, good sign). Still don't panic, work towards air starting the engines. Still don't panic, engine one starts and goes, engine two starts and goes. Don't panic, just flew over the Tennessee-Georgia border, and I know up ahead is McGee-Tyson, so I can put it down very safely there. Still not panicking, pull up the charts for approach and accept a vectored arrival for emergency. Praying the whole time, I nail the approach on the dots. Engines didn't shut down again. I sat there for an hour going over my procedures, trying to figure out what went wrong. I could never figure it out, except a bug in the airplane. Needless to say, always keep a level head. From up in the 300's down to the ground, I always had a couple plans in case the engines went out. The APU was still running just in case it was needed, but even as far down as the final 500 feet I was visually scanning for fields for a non-field landing. edit - Actually, another person reminded me of another bad one I had. Final to JFK one day, the weather in the area had been bad, but had improved by the time I landed. Unfortunately, I was using default weather and apparently one of the stations didn't get the memo. I was about 1000 feet up when the 15 knot headwind turned into a 20 knot tailwind, and I plummet 900 feet towards the houses under the approach path. Only 900 feet, because I was somehow able to halt the stall just above treetop level. Needless to say I just walled the throttles and went around. My hands didn't stop shaking for another hour or so, and I had trouble sleeping that night due to the adrenaline.
Hence my flair, the first thing I decided to screw around with on the 737.
This is the shit that never ends yes it goes on and on my friend Ohlendorf started pitching, not knowing what it was and the ERA will continue forever just because
"'What should Jim Day do today' he said, as the catcher smiled quietly to himself."
Hunger.
All The Dude wanted was his iron suit back.
I don't know, man. Act like an asshole, get treated like an asshole. That's the problem these days, society has gone the politically correct route, wherein we're not calling out assholes when we should be. America would be much better with less assholes.
Forget it, Jake, it's Shitposttown.
Just watch out for the escaped mental patients.
Username and post combination concerns me.
But they never satisfactorily explained Don Cherry's suits.
Montreal Maroons annnnnd we've got ethnic riots.
Goddamn, a lot of salt in here from non-Wings fans.
That, and the crippling depression.
This is certainly a way
Worse is the time someone walked into my office right as I was about to head out and use the facilities, and then stood in front of the door and refused to end the conversation. After about 15 minutes of that, I finally had to tell her that I needed to leave, and that she would absolutely need to put a ticket in, and barged past her. I never saw a ticket, but I almost did see my first workplace accident, so to speak.
The first step is avoiding step one.
The first step is avoiding step one.
Groomsman was a terrible groomsman. That's basically his job, doing battle with all manner of asshole.
Then it's time to seriously arm the best man with a sword, like they used to do it.
I swear, my brain just did a loop. But now I want to know this as well.
Haha what My wife's catholic.
And he seriously sounds tired of this shit.
How are you doing?
I don't think nearly enough people have mentioned Abacus. For fun times, get one of their early Flight Decks. Maybe 1 or 2.
And a golden stream for worst streaming/streamer.
I fucking hope there's never a basement DLC.
"Only tackle he made his whole career" I openly laughed. Poor Chris needs a secret service detail for protection from OSU fans, but it was still funny.
FUCK YOU GUYS, I'M WRITING A GUI SO I CAN HACK YOU GUYS OFF OF STEAM FOR 5 MINUTES.
In the beginning, the world was gormless and void.
Chicken on a raft on a Monday morning Oh what a terrible sight to see
Yeah, front fell off the shark That's very unusual.
No, Messi took it.
Except when it comes to the All Blacks.
Fuck no.
No, it's everyone else who was wrong.
So, it's settled; Shia does an autobiographical flick next.
That exact combination actually makes me dance. DANSE!
I'm batman.
My boss used to routinely make decisions, announce them by berating us, and then when her obviously flawed decisions did not work properly once implemented.
THAT PASSING WAS BEAUTIFUL
YOU'RE THE NUMBER ONE COP BOBROVSKY
You need a hug
Really takes the edge off another Colorado Sports Season.
Things are looking better for the Oilers, not a lot of asses to give on that roster this season.
My advice to you is to start drinking heavily.
So, this is like New Hampshire for Americans and Bromley in England?
The Canucks would reply, but are currently being walled off in a dungeon.
Unemployment office lines.
Did the past 8 years not happen for anyone else?
I don't remember a large swath of the population thinking Bush was secretly a Muslim or that he wasn't born in this country. Besides, I'm not talking about Bush. Try to keep up.
RAT FARTS
Yes.
I'm just across the river from you in Cincinnati.
Sorry, Kentucky joke.
Seriously, how much fun are gliders?
The funny thing about almost all the people I've talked to who fly for a living, their idea of fun isn't getting in a GA plane and flying across the country, but spending their weekends at the local glider club.
Just navies, but the Royal Navy would fuck up Russia's day. Win or lose, the end result would be at best a severe shortage of blue-water ships for Russia. Hell, I bet even the French give the Russians nightmares of disastrous sea battles. Put all of Europe against Russia, and Russia loses badly. China...how about nobody fucks with China. The US Navy matches up against them, and that's fucking terrifying.
Ooh, that's gonna leave a mark.
Improve yourself by fucking off and not commenting.
Of course we do, he's even hinted that he's the Zodiac Killer.
Counterpoint: didn't he once coach the Islanders into the fucking ground?
By the definition of not wanting to support a team that's successful, and a hate of the Bruins, your only option is the Montreal Canadiens.
Management penetrated a sealed, secure package. That's pretty dirty.
Today's game of "make a security manager sweat" All users and passwords in an excel spreadsheet on a network drive accessible to all.
Darren McCarty alluded to this incident in his book.
And a video review post in the days in between.
McCarty draws McCarty in McCarty...SCORES! (the end)
Cats putting cars up on blocks and shit.
THEN EXPLAIN HOW I ENDED UP WITH THREE DAUGHTERS, MOTHERFUCKERS
We had a pug for a few years (she died of diabetes complications, got her when she was waaay overweight and was probably too late for her). Anyways, I let her outside, keeping an eye on her but letting her roam because her idea of leaving the yard is wandering about 3 feet into the woods for privacy. She's on the other side of the yard, though. I look inside the house to make sure the girls are doing okay, and suddenly there's this high pitched yelping and what looks very much like a coyote goes flying down the road, being chased by my pug. She stops, in the middle of the road, right where our yard ends. That's when I notice what I thought was a coyote was someone's pet, as I could see the collar. Not too sure what kind of mix ends up looking that close to a coyote. Lucy sure wasn't afraid of it. My other dog kind of gave me the "see, she's crazy" look.
I grew up in a town with a very poor trailer park. My college roommate grew up in a small city with some very poor areas. The stories we told of the people we knew were very similar. The only difference was I'm white and he's black. It's amazing how similar everyone is. I kind of wish society in general was in on the secret.
You shouldn't be posting while you're working.
They're not allowed to release estimates. A number of years ago, there was a march (I believe it was the million man march, but I could be wrong) that was estimated at a number that was angrily disputed by its organizers. The end result is that official agencies no longer provide the numbers. Unofficial agencies, however, have taken up the slack.
Bigly.
Ulf Samuelsson
I know, I'm kidding. It's...honestly, probably the best place to be as long as he isn't given carte blanche to just do whatever his id wants him to do. If that happens, though, [KICK OUT THE JAMS MOTHERFUCKERS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvJGQ_piwI0).
I was being sarcastic as hell in the first place.
This situation was a bit...ridiculous. The one example I have from high school was a guy who took a slap shot on net a good second or two after the horn at the end of the period. Sliding it in is bad form, but actual hard shots are dangerous as hell.
Oh yeah, I can see that approval rating going up and up already. /s
Do you know how I know you're an asshole?
I can count on one hand the times in my life I've had this happen because I screwed up (and I'm willing to admit it) I'd have to go collect hands in a distinctly Belgian way to count the number of times users have cc'd my boss without even contacting about the issue one time before.
So what happens when the user procrastinates, then tries to blame IT?
In a plane
The CF-101 of the NHL
That's it, /r/hockey, we need a hobby.
That's the kind of brain-to-shitpost we need around here.
RemindMe! 1 hour keep sleeping, asshole
That really captures the spirit of it.
What does the suspension count against a team's roster, ie does the team with a suspended player lose a roster spot? If it doesn't already, the team with a suspended player should lose a roster spot. Say 1 player gets suspended, so the team that player is on can only dress 19 instead of 20 for the duration of the suspension.
It was installed by a company, who's owner bills for everything, who keeps the source coding secret, who doesn't say what he's doing, and it's extremely, extremely complicated. To put things properly in perspective, I was told that when he trained everyone on the system, he opened by saying "this is the most complicated system I've ever installed. I'm not even sure how it works." My $10k 32x32 switcher died on me today. This is a common thing, apparently. Another company also held the source code for $30k ransom on a different system in a different building. That's really the worst of it, but there's a ton of mid-level annoyances that add up as well.
How much do you trust your vendor? I think a lot of the issues I've seen, and have read about, have really been vendor related. However, I've been told (and have seen) that the Crestron equipment is of questionable reliability at times. Still, that may be vendor related, but there are some serious quirks in our systems (like how one system required me to change input 3 times for it to actually change).
I used Extron at my previous job and, despite vendor issues (this is a common theme), Extron seemed fairly stable. Less powerful and more expensive, but I swear we have something blow up with Crestron weekly.
A good story from my previous job was how the vendor fucked up about 1 in 3 installs, and instead of us making them come out to fix things, my boss called a meeting to yell at me about how nothing in the place works. Which was her way of saying that she would rather put the screws to her employees than a vendor. Thank god I'm rid of that place.
Pull the video card, put your old one back in.
Jang Song Thaek was expelled and lost his job And then his nephew fed him to the dogs
&gt; DOPS were too incompetent Redundancy detector activated WHOOP WHOOP WHOOP
[Response](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntxKRj9DRnc)
This sounds pretty fair all around; don't be a dink to your teammate 101. I know there's teams out there with one goalie.
Let him play, until he doesn't want to play anymore. Also tell him that hockey isn't everything.
Shit shit shit someone found my Osgood voodoo doll in my parents' garage and is beating the shit out of it.
With that kind of attitude, you could live in Cincinnati.
Why does it feel like the service tag on a Dell is more a vague guideline than a real solid thing? When using that for drivers in the past, it seemed to give me...all of the drivers. For everything.
Haha, it's Skills time! We're doing BPA at my location
Gold Star. I'm from Michigan originally.
Thornton needs to shave and wear a vest.
The town I moved to in the area only had a Gold Star for the longest time. To wit, it's the best Cincinnati chili I've ever had outside of Camp Washington, but only because the guy who ran the place should have had his own chili place. No other Gold Stars stack up. Skyline is...I'm going to get shot...too corporate. It's good for consistency, but it's boring. As a final thought, the best Cincinnati chili is Camp Washington. I will fight people on this. Even myself. Especially myself.
That looks more Like Junior **B**eer League.
You mean Camp Washington Chili.
Are you doing OneDrive as well? If yes, TRAIN YOUR USERS. AND THEN TRAIN THEM MORE. I've had way too many people do wildly incorrect things with their files, to the point where the best option was just to start over.
Unsubscribe
I like the way your legal team thinks, but I understand why it was shot down. Also; I'm teaching some of the students where I work about security. One of them left after his shift working, and left his computer up. So I did the "screenshot the desktop and remove everything" trick. He now locks his laptop all the time.
Where would the meetings be?
Well, when a two people love each other...
Worse, I had a guy who picked up our disposal one time. He asked me for my work phone, and of course the only phone I had was my personal phone that I was partially reimbursed for using. He called me the very next fucking day, and I told him we'd be in contact when we needed a pickup. A couple months later, of him calling once a week every week, I told him the same thing, and to please stop calling me (I would have told him that we were done with his shit, but my boss was a worthless human being, and would have screamed at me about that just for fun). I stopped answering for the next year of him calling weekly, and then once or twice a month. My boss got early-retired, and I finally answered the guy's calls the week after she left, telling him that we would not, absolutely not, be using his company ever again. He still kept calling. I got a new job, answered his first call after that, and told him I no longer was with my previous place of employment. I still get a call every few months or so from him. My new job handles all of its disposal in-house. I've just moved on to blocking his number.
There's donuts in the break room
I did. I still get a notification when he calls.
Steve Yzerman.
The Wings need to trade for Yzerman.
Oh what the hell? "Offerany. A place to buy China products." I was going to place a bid and then report the person when I got the email telling me it was actually $2500, but I don't like my chances when that's what the website is all about.
Guns aren't for starting fires.
Ahh, the ol' AMD technique.
Thanks for being Better America, Canada.
Damn, you too?
Go fuck yourself.
This is my very reason for being against the death penalty. Why let the person who committed a crime get out of life early. Let them spend the rest of their life in a small cell, 23 hours of the day.
This needs more upvotes because it's the only correct answer. But only if the RIO gets the camera.
[Pilot](http://i.imgur.com/cAMtfoc.jpg)
No cuck. No cuck. You're the cuck.
Honestly, I think this is the only way to write things out. Leaves nothing open for interpretation, and allows cross-checking to make sure everything is 100% right. Covers all the bases, avoids gray areas, eliminates gremlin infestations.
I wouldn't even say so much that your soft skills are poor (everyone can use improvement, though). I'm more concerned with leaving your butt in the breeze with incomplete or potentially confusing info. Say he chooses an IP in the 5-24 range, and it just happens to be a critical server of some kind. Bad mojo, man.
My coach went a step further and took away our sticks.
Not to [Four Yorkshiremen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xe1a1wHxTyo) this up, but that's actually a brilliant idea. The cost of ice is high in general, and in SW Ohio, there's the added bonus of a serious scarcity of ice sheets. My thought for dealing with that would be to run 1-2 on-ice practices a week for an hour each (with an hour pre-practice for going over what we're doing for practice so as to not waste time, and other stuff that needs attention). For the other 2-3 days a week, I'd hold practices off ice, in a gym preferably, where we could set it up to resemble sections of the rink. Everyone would get some or most of their equipment on, and we'd go over the stuff that doesn't need ice for; positioning, reading the flow of the game, even some light hitting to get the idea of how you should handle the physical aspects of the game. This would work best for a high school team around here, because it's a high school practice schedule, but without the high costs of needing a full weeks worth of ice time.
But he's not really wrong, at least recently. edit - Not including THE DECISION, which was probably one of the top three dumbest thing's I've seen on live TV that was planned.
Haha I just explained to a kid this very thing about 80's punk. With no Reagan, we'd have hit peak Simple Plan sometime in the late-80's/early-90's, and that would have been real unfortunate for all involved.
Where's the leak ma'am?
I'm at the game. The pigeons were at shortstop, obviously praying to future hall-of-famer Zack Cozart. A Braves player chased them off. The Braves have acted stupidly, and shall be punished.
Tucker Barnhat Uber alles Tucker Barnhat uber alles
Ugly mood around the crowd. They'll be demanding blood soon.
We place our faith in Pumpyourbrakes Turnbuckle.
Large career tech district. Four campuses, tons more remote programs, techs at each campus, tons of student workers, computer tech programs at three of them. We're big. And yet, I still don't know what I'm putting on my student image. edit - Oh yeah, I work all summer. Funny thing though; I didn't do anything super productive the first 3 days without students (set up summer school, testing, and camp laptops. Nothing moving towards the goal of being ready). The last two days with a student worker turned into me getting 6 man-days worth of my schedule done. Granted, I overestimate the time it takes for everything, but still. edit 2 - Also, we're 1 to 1. Good times.
I'm in IT, so I am an expert. I can tell you that you just need some plumbers caulk to seal up the tubes. Leaked data is no joke, but if caught early can prevent the loss of too much bandwidths.
Waiting to get his revenge for his fellow pigeons being chased away from the high holy shortstop spot during pre-game.
Normal, consult lord pigeon if he goes on the DL.
It's more a rival of the F-100 MiG-15/17 vs. F-86 MiG-19 vs. F-100 MiG-21 vs. F-5 MiG-23 vs. F-4 MiG-25 vs. F-14...sort of. MiG-29 vs. F-16 Su-27 vs. F-15 That's a rough equivalency, and is up for a lot of debate.
I do that a ton. Part of it is to say out loud back to them to let them hear what they're telling me to do, to prevent something like this from going through. The second is to cover my own ass. "I warned them. I confirmed exactly what I was doing, because it sounded nuts."
About 90% of the stuff on the image went unused, so I hope not. But probably.
From the movie Air America. As hard of a time as I have keeping things in the air, a cargo plane module would make it worse.
I don't know. A well flown either could be a match for either, but that could be said about a lot of very different jets. The F-4 was a match, but due to different strengths and weaknesses (many of which were doctrinal). The F-5 is probably the closest American jet to what the -21 represents. The Mirage III is probably closest overall.
Thank you for taking the Viggen seriously. I don't usually (read: ever) fly the Viggen with an eye towards air combat. It would be a major headache to anyone not ready for what it could do, though. A good A2A pilot in a Viggen could wreak havoc 1 to 1 in that server.
Oh I fly it, I just have a typical list of ground targets I handle when I get on the server. Which I won't share because someone's going to jump me at my attack spots.
I am, but I'm worried that the -19 isn't going to see a lot of usage.
Uh I got my Viggen shot out from under me at about 20 meters by a lucky shot from a T-90. I think that qualifies.
The smart Viggen pilot sees that and just burns away in a different direction.
Jesus, that actually sounds terrifying. I'd go for more of a trap-door spider approach, popping out of a hole in the terrain.
I even see some of these people at least once during the summer.
I'm going to tell people I took the whole summer off. It'll be great watching their heads explode.
Literally unplayable.
Haha pump the brakes, NPC-guy. I'm just going to ctrl-alt-F4 you for some loot. I'd be lying if I were to say this would hurt me more than you.
Watch this, Reddit. You can actually pinpoint the second when his brain rips in half.
"You ain't live life on the streets" "I'm from Detroit" "Aww yess my nigga, straight up 8 mile. That's dope shit." "The place he's from is a fucking dump. You'd fit in there."
I'd definitely be in.
Microsoft replaced my spoon with a slotted ladle.
Sunday is a family day (married with three girls under age 6), so I'll never be able to make a Sunday time. Wednesdays are one of the better options.
You do realize that knowing English words, but putting them into a random jumbled order in an attempt to form a sentence, is not speaking fucking English?
....how?
In 2117.
"Fuck you, human."
Okay. (Sings along to the songs, replacing every word with the word "penis")
Medium machine gunner. As soon as I get the new jets down, Naval Aviator as well. edit - Forgot, I like to be an amateur FAC online sometimes. I need to learn the 9-line process, but usually it's enough to mark IP and target, while giving the general idea of what's in the area in the way of targets and threats.
I hope you have a good medical plan.
Granted. Welcome to EA's Origin! I wish for more hours in the day.
I got real good with that radar back in the day. Now; completely forgot everything.
So I'm just driving down the road to Pyrgos in my gas truck, when suddenly the town is just infested by army guys. Tanks, troops, whatever. A couple minutes later, a whole bunch of NATO troops swoop in and take them out. The worst part is that some asshole covered in bushes and carrying a machine gun set fire to my ride. 2035 is going to be a shitty year, man.
"Human, please place food in oven."
If I show this to my wife, I'll have to make one.
And The Oxymorons
Lima has Kewpees.
One of the worst things I see on a continuing basis is what I call the "repeat-yell a quiet question" tactic. A student quietly goes up to a teacher with a question, because they feel embarrassed to not understand. The teacher then responds to the student very loudly, saying "WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ______?!" I always saw that as a shitty thing to do to kids, and a great way to lose your class student by student. I have seen, and can fully understand the teacher asking the entire class if they understand something once a couple kids have asked the same question, but the above tactic pushes the boundaries of bullying.
*breaks chair*
I'm afraid to tell you this, but many of us might be looking for asylum soon.
What's even more bizarre is that there's other weird shit out there when my wife searches Amazon for Scott Schebler.
Subscribe ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
There I was, 34 years old and washed up. When my right knee blew up on my for the second time on the ice in Syracuse, so went my hockey career. It wasn't much of a career anyways, only about a hundred-odd games in the NHL (in five different cities, that has to be some kind of record). I wound up where I had started after college hockey, in Los Angeles. I had made a couple friends in the city, and had been set up to be the hockey advisor for the comedy film "The Terrible 0ne." Yes, that's a zero in the title. I'm pretty sure I was only hired so that they could point at someone and say that they had a real hockey player advise on the scenes. Oh well, I got paid better than I ever did in the AHL, and I can honestly say I'm probably the only person outside Quebec to get to see a full mascot line brawl. Jesus tapdancing Christ that hurts to even think about. I need to ice my knee. I met Anne three months ago. We were the results of a conspiracy of matchmakers who realized we both shared the same alma mater, THE (snicker) University of Michigan. She's 31, and an actress. Her most famous role had been about 5 years prior when she played one of about a dozen patients to die in a disaster on a medical drama. Most of her roles had been independent films, or glorified extras in poorly performing studio films. What made me fall in love almost instantly was her honesty. She actually saw me play my senior year. She even confessed to heckling me while drunk. I remember the game against Michigan State; no goals, two terrible turnovers, and getting my ass kicked in a fight as the final horn sounded on a 6-0 drubbing at the hands of our in-state rival. She was willing to give me shit about that game, and damn if I didn't love her for that. We had been dating for three months, when she invited me to go with her to her movie premier. It was an independent drama about a woman trying to escape a cult, and Anne was one of the fellow cult members of the main female star. When anyone thinks of what a movie premier is about, they think of the Chinese Theater. For comparison, this one was held in Bakersfield. I didn't care, I got to spend a nice weekend out of town with Anne, we got to be by ourselves for the drive there and back, and I personally thought she did a great job in her role (Anne's her own worst critic, she had to walk out halfway through the movie). We were in love before, but as she tells the story, me holding her in the lobby of the old theater in Bakersfield while she sobbed was when she knew that she truly loved me, and I loved her. So when the awards season came, and Anne was nominated for fucking everything, our lives changed. Then three months after her movie was released, when Anne Gaulthier (you folks know her as Anne Lauren) won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in what was called the biggest surprise win in Academy Award history, I was suddenly dating a celebrity. That was five years ago. I proposed a week after she won (I had the damn ring on me at the Oscars, I was going to propose as a consolation), and were married a little over a year after that. After a few years of her supporting me while I scouted the world for the Kings, now I'm trying to pull my own weight. Next year I'll be one of the assistant coaches for the Ontario Reign. It's a small step, and we've made a pact to be together as much as possible, given our schedules. There's been some ups and downs, and her career damn near hit a speed bump the film afterwards. Now that she's had a couple other major roles, one of which grossed just north of $500 million, she's reached a good place in her career. Which is great for us, because everything's going to change in 6 months when our baby is born.
Holy fuck I lost it at Jozin z Bazin.
GODDAMMIT I was just watching this yesterday, and had finally succeeded in getting it out of my head.
Your dad and the dog are prank calling people in Valhalla.
My mom once said nobody would ever want to marry me, and that I'd never want kids because whatever reason. I woke up this morning, walked downstairs, and my wonderful wife of seven years and our three daughters yelled out "HAPPY FATHERS DAY!" I did say something to my dad once that I think stuck with him. He had been laid off a year or so previously, and was doing the overnight shifts at his new job as a consequence. Well, one of the mid-week high school hockey games I played, I scored my only hat-trick I scored at any level of hockey. I could tell Dad felt bad about missing it, but I told him that what he was doing was much more important for the family, and that I felt bad I could do it at one of the games I knew I couldn't be at.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j18e_ID-DpA Consequently, I'm not allowed to drive in-game.
I tend to yell "OW MY SPLEEN" whenever I get killed in a non-combat fashion (aka teamkill or poor piloting).
I remember an op that went way wrong in Arma 2, where we ended up having to be airlifted piece by piece by a single helo due to near-complete aerial incompetence. The single pilot managed to shuttle about 20 guys in to the new AO over the course of four or five hops, while the folks being landed slowly increased the perimeter of the LZ, before moving out and absolutely flattening the objective area together. Meanwhile, the A-10 was crashing 30 seconds after takeoff, helos were dropping directly onto spawn, and the majority of the server was under friendly fire due to stupidity and/or griefing. Meanwhile, the 20-odd people who were out of spawn and fighting were able to keep everything together.
Jester814 seems to be a mix of competent and self-deprecating. He has a lot of videos of his unit's ops, but also a lot of funny videos of the stupid crap that occurs.
I'm wondering whether Quinn and Victorina are going to be the big sibs, or if they're going to be the power couple, or if Quinn is just going to be doomed to being single forever.
The presentation is in 10 minutes. Don't you guys have everything, you're IT right?
What you said happened was wrong (but that's a Monday morning QB view of things, so my opinion doesn't count there). You had your head up, but the guy in purple picked the wrong direction to go, as did the guy in white. He might have but a bit more oomf into the accidental collision than would be befitting an accidental collision, but it's just an accident all things being equal. Edit - Got tenses and people mixed up...badly.
I know, I read everything waaay wrong.
That motherfucker was on his way to a snack food accident to do cleanup. I'm not insulting him, I'm just amazed at his forethought.
This is going to be like the driving scene in Wolf of Wall Street. The gym is going to be burnt down, three of your coworkers resigned because of something monstrous you did, and the presentation went so bad that you lost 3 other, unrelated clients.
You must not have hung out with Canada much, because Canada drinks a good amount, takes a zamboni for a drive through town, and goes to watch a hockey game almost every weekend. As a matter of fact, I think Canada and Australia hang out together waaaay more than we hang out with either of them.
Man, I'm getting the idea that Diova might be a bit less traditional than expected. If he and Victorina would be able to put aside their differences, they'd be one hell of a formidable couple.
Billionaire.
Hell is Real banner, red flares, absolute insanity. Cincinnati could be the city that nobody wants to go to to play in. edit - Hell is Real should be our motto. Seriously.
[Mitch dropped his wallet](http://i.imgur.com/UrN0uqt.png)
TRAIN GOT NO BRAKES
Alright, I need to find a blue and orange Hawaiian shirt.
Miami has a decent sized stadium and draws fairly well, so either could be interesting. Buuuut I vote Cincinnati for selfish reasons.
and what does he do?
Dayton Dutch Lions
Jesus fuck it took me a season and a half to find this out.
Shit guys, Hildebrandt even stopped this.
The shit I see about Sacramento makes me think they're going to need a bigger boat.
Who
I feel like Portland and Cincinnati could have the best game atmosphere in the league. It would be a friendly rivalry called the Derby for the Unwell.
I'm kind of in this, in that I'm only trying to keep up on two jets really; the AJS-37 Viggen and the Su-33 Flanker. The Viggen was my main jet, until I started having issues with it on 2.2. The Su-33 is for me to get better at Naval A2A for the Tomcat release. I've also been flying around in the Su-25T and A-10A as single-mission specialists, if we're having trouble clearing targets or need a good SEAD strike performed.
Pepe...Silvia...?
I read something this past year that used 777 airframes are going for stupid low amounts of money, something like $10-25 million range. Leasing the engines, though, costs about the same per engine. So I’d believe it.
Walk up to a payphone Dial out “Collect call to Tonopah NAS” “Crash” “CVW-33 please” “Yeah, it’s me. It happened again. Yep, same place. See you guys in about 30.”
Hoggit, where I could say I like bombs and get downvoted to oblivvion
Upvoting to keep you above water But yeah, opinions are for other people to downvote
Unpossible. I thought the only league who made better decisions than the NHL was MLS.
Surviving Jack shoulda been a contender
So now we all explode?
Christ it’s cold in Ohio.
So this means that if UCF has a similar season next year, they get to play the second best G5 school in their bowl game?
"Hahahaha fart"
Radar nav in the Viggen is going to get so much easier
Minus the Hornet, yes
I just see a lot of Dublin
I don't know, always grew up loving the Tomcat and thought the Hornet was a goofy, less capable alternative to the Corsair II.
How long have you been in the bathroom? If over 15 minutes, then your dog thinks you need more fiber.
Let's all pour one out for r/Bengals Going to be a long indefinite number of years.
I was born in Michigan, grew up a Lions fan (my first football game was the last game before the Wayne Fontes era). We moved to Cincinnati shortly thereafter, just in time for the Lions to get as good as they'd get, only to see the Bengals slide. I'm always going to be a Detroit sports fan first. Still, being in Cincy, I'm a captive Bengals audience. So I got to follow the Lions from afar, but see the Bengals up close. I lived through two players retiring because they couldn't stand playing for the Lions' mess any more. TWO. And yet, the only sustained period of doing the same thing and expecting different results were the Matt Millen years, which felt like it was two decades, but apparently was only 8 years. The Bengals, though, have been going through this for longer than that. I'd like to say that the same way to get rid of this mess is the same way Lions fans got rid of Millen, but no amount of marching in the street is going to get rid of Mike Brown. Honestly, this city would be better of ending the stadium lease early, and telling them to get out and be someone else's problem. The best side effect of that is not only would the Bengals franchise go down in value (a city kicked out their NFL team, it must not be that valuable), but so would a lot of other NFL teams.
Your owner though.
Who the fuck downvotes this comment?
Deaf culture is amazing. I took two years of ASL in college. My first year instructor went to Gallaudet, and was involved in the protests in the late 80's. Some of his stories were great, including knowing a deaf couple who had a hearing kid, worrying how they'd connect with their kid. It was a real eye opener, finding out that deaf people look at being deaf in the complete opposite way that any hearing person would.
Funny that, a deaf guy told me that there is.
I'm buying, he's paying
You owe me an apology.
I have two basset-black labs. The youngest is mostly lab, so he's not the most chill dog. The oldest is mostly basset. Right after we got him, he started sleeping in bed with us. If we weren't in bed by 8, he'd grumble at us. If we weren't up by 6, grumbles. If we all were in bed and my wife and I were talking before going to sleep, he'd grumble and whine nonstop until we shut up. His favorite thing to do is sleep on the couch.
Need to find a good recipe for lemon pepper wet wings by 8pm, Thursday, March 1st.
Then the queen bee knocks on the door and dissolves beeliament.
You also have to remember that the Falcon series is ~30 years old, and that what's BMS now has a long road of development behind it. I agree that it's a better sim, but it also has a lot of time to have been refined to that place. Also, it's only really simulating one jet.
Rookie mistake
Saw my sister-in-law's nude of herself that she took to send to her then boyfriend. I only saw the picture because she asked me to take a picture of her and her boyfriend while my wife and I were out with them. It was the last picture she had taken, so it was the thumbnail on the bottom left of the screen. The funny kicker of the story is that her parents were out of town that weekend. 9 months afterwards, her first kid was born.
Here, take my downvote.
Yeah, this thing has to be coming soon at this point.
2056-57, to be closer.
Dammit, I never remember to account for the Julian calendar.
r/80smovies
Are the Oilers a shoe store?
I feel like this joke works twice.
MEDITATE. ONE. TWO. THREE. FOUR.
I’d fly that.
Is there a way to set up an individual weapon in the mission editor, and then have it explode immediately upon mission start? At a specific place? Because now I’m starting to get ideas.
[My goal was something like this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b0/CRWarheadTest.jpg)
Many of them have pitched an inning of relief for the Reds. edit - or started a game. Or maybe just pitched for us in general
Thank you. I have no interest in becoming an astrophysicist, but at least one of the 4000+ people upvoting this must. If one of those people goes into astrophysics, hell, if one of those people goes into a STEM field, the world will be a better place. So, thank you, again.
Don't forget, you're my number one customer.
Yep. Good AEW/GCI and EW matters more than anything else.
The Viggen can do both kinds of mission, air-to-ground and air-to-ship.
Yes! Specifically, how far up in the air was the tank launched by the previous miss?
Somewhere a Viggen pilot goes "That's where you're wrong, kiddo."
No more
I'm still trying to stick to my plan, and actually get really proficient at one jet (the Tomcat). The F/A-18 hype is making that difficult.
But only one RCAF skin
This music takes the second spot for "most dread-inducing musical theme of my childhood", with only the Unsolved Mysteries theme being above this.
Eastern Med, Aegean, Korea. Sound too familiar?
Sure...
We're also looking at a nonzero chance that Blake Bortles could be involved as well.
A lot of the shortcomings are available at face value; it was a difficult aircraft to maintain, and had woefully short legs. It was a straight-up point defense interceptor, armed with short-medium range IR missiles, and severely deficient in its role once the Russians began employing cruise missiles. Looking at a lot of what went on in the British defense establishment, I think the terrible secret that the MOD wants to hide is that a lot of their programs weren't even incremental advances, and some may have even been equal to their predecessors, or steps back. Hell, the Lightning carried two weapons that show that very problem; the Firestreak and Red Top missiles. The Red Top was supposed to replace the Firestreak, but both were retired close to the same time (1988).
All the basics are there to learn. There's going to be enough that doesn't translate over one to one, but it's a great baseline. Same with Aerosoft's F-14 going to Heatblur's Tomcat. Actually, to tell the truth, I've had to quit actually flying the Aerosoft Tomcat because it was making me unlearn a lot of the DCS game mechanics. I've just been using it for procedures training lately.
&gt; So try F-16(or have you mastered it already considering your name?). Maybe his name is Doug.
[Yes you can](https://forums.vrsimulations.com/forums/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=50&amp;t=10283&amp;sid=6dfcb1fcc9634c4ec055bf3f7bdc6837) Granted, I'm not a fan of how they handle this situation. That, and the fact that DCS is where the combat is, are factors in why I'm done buying combat aircraft for FSX/P3D/X-Plane.
I'm more of the P side of A&amp;P, so I don't know about cats. I can tell you, however, that there are no tomatoes allowed in the cockpit.
David Schwimmer really did play keyboard in a new wave band. There is literally nothing else that explains that photo.
There's a lot of empirical evidence that was found by a few FAA studies that, if pilots are trying to fly and eat tomatoes at the same time, eventually they get further and further behind on their flying duties, and it makes it much harder for the crew to catch up.
Had time to post though.
So basically, if you've played the whole game, you'll know the answer is no.
I'd argue that it's as good as the Superbug, for a lot less if you're getting the P3D version (you have to buy tacpack to get the P3D Superbug).
My family goes out to eat regularly in a group, and there’s one person who treats the waiters like shit. Corrects them on incredibly minor things, and is never happy with anything that the restaurant does. I’m always on the lookout for loogies that get in my food simply for being in the vacinity of the guy.
You're still a piece of shit
I've also read (Flight of the Intruder, I believe) that keying the mic once or twice can be used to indicate a negative or affirmative, respectively.
On any time scale, anything can happen.
My strategy is to hold on to it until something I want goes a couple sales in a row without being discounted, or discounted enough, and then I spend the bonus. Conversely, I waited to use my Viggen bonus until right before it expired, and bought the NTTR for sale price. Really, though, the bonus isn't the greatest thing in the world. If they just did a blanket 10% off for all modules at any time, I feel like that would be a better deal in the long run (especially if you got an additional 10% off sale prices).
QUALITY HONHONHON
I can't even remember. I think I was flying CAP in an Su-33, which makes sense that I was randomly looking in on people since that's about 80% of what flying CAP entails.
I learn a lot of good things from watching people.
Technically he's right. The DCS Hornet is a C model, while Jane's F/A-18 was the E model Super Hornet. So yeah, it's a newer jet.
Better than my greatest revenge; very early on, when fires tended to escalate quickly, I burned a very large area in retribution for a few people killing me and wrecking my base for no reason.
Battlehawks 1942 was my introduction to flight sims. Falcon 3.0 was the one that really pulled me in. I’m going to honestly say I was probably the best 10-11 year old kid playing that game when it came out.
Unless this gun is a gift for someone who was awarded the purple heart, this is tacky as hell. Like American flag boxer shorts.
Mathematical Coprocessor
My oldest will sometimes bug me to fly the Su-25T around on multiplayer. She’s okay for a 6 year-old. Taking off and landing isn’t happening, but she has the basics down.
The caution box is basically all that the F-14B NATOPS is. There's a lot of "do not do this, moron" in it. I'm not even half done.
If he's a migdriver, probably ground level or lower.
I propose a test, consisting of an escalating serious of challenges that I have yet to create because I literally just came up with this idea.
Through the inferno is an absolute metric ton of fun. The playerbase is extremely friendly and awesome. I've seen a ton of players go in there, proclaim their newbieness, and immediately get taken under someone's wing. I'm usually on that server a lot, providing CAP because that's turning into a lost art apparently.
I’ll agree, except to say that I believe Aerosoft releases their manuals for free. My experience is that they are a condensed, simplified version of the NATOPS manual, and are a great starting point to NATOPS. You do need to ignore any non-DCS instructions, however.
It looks like the F-14X product is available for P3Dv4. At work so I’m not sure if it’s a completely new purchase, or an update for people who already bought the original F-14X.
FUUUUUUUUUUCK YES
Uh, looking at Nevada, it seems like the land area for Miramar is part of the map, just with nothing actually done with it. I might try to fly around there using the Viggen to give an actual pinpoint of its location. edit - It's at the very southern portion of the map, it's dead flat and has no texturing, but it's on the map.
I wonder if ED would be open to letting individual module makers have a crack at modifying the maps.
Are you 100% certain you're going to buy the Tomcat?
Ugh I just did my taxes, and I'm getting about 50% more back than usual. That means I might have to buy the Hornet. I might just buy the F-5 because I don't want to drive an insect (Hornet), and I'm not a Marine (Harrier).
Sounds like you're looking for a safe space.
Getting into flight sims made me realize how easy it is for an entire flight to become fucked. There's a thunderstorm over the destination, which means that someone is going to ask for the opposite runway, a Cessna is going to wander over the field to avoid rain, and the controller is going to start pulling their hair out trying to get people in and out during the breaks in the nasty stuff, while dealing with half a dozen impatient people sitting at the gate waiting for pushback and taxi instructions. I know what I'm doing is a game, with none of the troublesome bad end results that could happen, and with such a lower volume of traffic than what the real world experiences. What I came to realize is that this is an everyday goddamn occurrence, and it's a miracle that, with as many bad pilots as there are out there, that everyone arrives alive and without too many inter-gate fistfights.
Factory of Sadness
Bitch ruined science
It's a world where there's a blooper reel of opposing teams making terrible throws trying to get him out. Set to Yakety Sax.
Salmon skin roll
Bitcoin mining
A good 21 pilot could be a handful for a Tomcat pilot, especially if the Tomcat doesn't have AWACS support and the Mig can come out of the mountains from the side.
Whoa, really? That's actually not that bad.
Another mark in the column of "your equipment doesn't matter, you matter."
C-123, but I'd take a C-130. I said tactical airlift, because that's really what the game needs. Especially Blue Flag and Dynamic Caucasus.
I can't believe I had to go down this far for Eve. Basically every action in that game is morally corrupt.
Do you fly multiplayer much? If you do, and you have SRS, I’d be willing to help you (Eastern Time Zone US location). It’s not just enough to explain SEAD. You really need someone with experience doing it. You see, Iron Hand’s my thing.
Not cool. No reason to kick someone for having a bad landing. The best thing you could do on MP to start is to find a server that has a decent mission and low population. Fly around, get some situational awareness, hell even go up with just heaters and ECM pods. Draw the SAM sites out of hiding. Learn to avoid and defend against launches, because if you’re going to hunt SAMs, you’re going to get shot at. Once you’re comfortable getting shot at, load up the SEAD pod and a couple 25’s, and learn to do the close-in killing. ZSU-23’s are best left to cluster bombs or vikhrs, or even a two person team to draw it out if hiding. Once you get the shorter range antiradiation missiles, the 58’s are piece of cake. Start small, get bigger. Do it in steps, and only move on once you’re comfortable. I’m at the point now that I know what’s firing on me by instinct (they’re doing what I’d do if I were them!), and I don’t usually get too concerned unless I’m at max weight. If you’re on between 1700-0100 Zulu time, jump on Through the Inferno, and there’s a good chance I’ll be on. If not between those hours, that server is still great. there’s a really good group who’s helpful, and know SEAD really well. Bonus for the fact that it’s a really welcoming group of pilots as well.
“Uh oh, he’s trying to strangle the Lietenant again!”
[Two weeks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9v-33jcEDk4)
They praised and came back because their other option was to give up their dream of being a fucking olympic gymnast. USA Gymnastics needs to be burnt down and rebuilt because of this. Nassar did the crime, but those motherfuckers enabled it.
Ehhh, close enough.
What's a Viggen with helicopter rotors mounted on its belly?
It would be nice to have something large enough to drop off a couple good-sized vehicles in the process of capturing an airfield on a dynamic war server. Or even a large paradrop.
This is asking to be made into a r/polandball comic
+10 Magazine of Cosmopolitan
Early American engines had more power. Not tons, but enough to possibly explain the size difference.
Ehh, two way road. Really reinforces the need for a good AWACS system.
Lawnmower Usually by the brand name Kubota.
Agreed. There should be a free FC3-level trainer available for free.
I once set up a US tank battalion vs Russian motor rifle regiment engagement. Do you remember the time San Diego set off all their fireworks in something like 15 seconds? It was like that.
I don't think ED is going to let a free, study level trainer exist simply because of the L-39 and C-101. It's literally the only reason I said FC3-level.
Alright, I like this idea. It's not going to take away too much from the L-39 sales, and goes a long way toward promoting the game.
He won't notice, it's still cloudy season there.
The Holocaust happened.
&gt; he got swallowed by a giant frog and had to cuit his way out, nearly drowned in a pool of sewage waste and pissed off a gargoyle in stone form by tapping on it too hard with his revolver! We successfully salvaged the game! Hell of a Tuesday, hell of a Tuesday.
Conch just broke and fuck this.
2.2 runs better on my rig than 1.5, so you might be good.
[HONHONHONHONHONHONHON](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/088/662/e32.gif)
Until there's some kind of mechanic for limited supply/reinforcement/ground movement of forces, the Viggen is a really fast attack jet on most MP servers, unfortunately.
Interdiction and anti-ship are what it does head and shoulders above the rest of the modules, though. Without a good interdictable supply network, it's relegated to being fast CAS, fun-crazy SEAD, and the unfortunately occasional anti-ship in MP.
I think that almost daily playing MP.
Ahh, I'm not the only person who frequents ejectionsite and ejection-history. My current tragic hobby is trying to match up the guys mentioned in Thud Ridge to their actual names (mostly in hope that all of the guys he wrote about who he didn't know their fate came back home).
I just reimaged my PC over summer, so I'm nowhere near ready. I'm just going to do a thorough flush of the system.
This is clearly the work of someone from Aerobatics Online.
Hopefully the new Caucasus runs like Nellis does on 2.2. If the terrain is better, plus being able to have collisions with trees, we're going to see changes to how players handle terrain masking and low-level flight. Nothing major, just...changes.
I thought they were introducing a new tree system that was going to be faster.
What kind of role could you see the C-130 playing in multiplayer, and could it do the typical roles well given the average MP server?
I'm no expert, but it looks like you waltzed into a trap.
I’d like to be able to open the canopy, climb out, step over the remains of my left wing, avoid the fire bits, and get away from my crash-landed aircraft.
I’d say only ED
What are your specs? I think I saw specs of i7 1st gen, GTX 750, Samsung SSD running it 30-50 FPS. I'm running an i5-6600k, RX 470, Samsung Evo SSD, and I was all the way up in the 60 FPS range on 2.2 (still waiting for stupid 2.5 to finish downloading).
What sorcery is that cockpit? Guessing it's from a model, but the integration is beautiful.
There's been a ton of downvoting in Hoggit recently.
i5-6600K rx470 16GB RAM 500gb SSD. I have flat shadows and trees at 100%, and the problem I have is low level flight, or when on the airfield facing a lot of trees. I just don’t want to turn the trees down.
Yessss
I thought you were aiming for the bushes, and heard Foo Fighters’ “My Hero” playing in my head.
No, focusing my attention on the jet I fell in love with as a kid, the Tomcat.
[You must be one of them fancy lads.](https://youtu.be/hPGSLiLm43E)
Stop huffing chloroform during games.
We put our faith in Tank Blastfurnace
So, here's the plan folks. The airdrop has been cancelled due unfavorable conditions, namely there's a handful of Tigrises near the drop zone. Due to this, we're going to fly 10 clicks farther to the airfield marked abandoned on the map. We know it's still there from pre-war satellite photos, and that it's abandoned because it says abandoned on my map. We're going to get in the unarmed Blackfish, which is going to carry us over the drop zone at low altitude, and we're going to land at the abandoned airstrip. The distance is going to be 40km behind enemy lines, so to get as many people in each lift, we'll need to carry supplies for 24 hours. Don't worry, ground forces will be kicking off shortly after we occupy and hold the airfield, and expect to make the 40 kilometer penetration in a few hours. All we will need to do is hold the airfield, and once the local populace sees our glorious force, they'll practically throw themselves at us to join our side. So gentlemen, that outlines the basics. Any questions?
North American.
Wouldn’t the CVA-01 class have been great with the Tomcat and Hornet?
Hahahahaha, seek psychiatric help.
I feel like avsim is frantically flipping a switch that they don’t know where it goes to, in hopes that they can smite a subreddit.
&gt; Edit: There was another bachelorette party there. My sister wasn’t the one with the dick in her mouth. Well, that time.
If they’re volunteering to watch one or more of the kids, they’ll tell me they’ll be over at such and such time to pick them up. I’ll lie, and tell them I have a bunch of errands to run, so I can save them the trouble and drop the kids off. The reason is that my mom uses those visits as an opportunity to criticize the state of the house. I have three kids 6 or younger, the state of the house is never going to be impeccable. We’ll settle for “okay” at this point. The one time we did get it to damn near spotless, she criticized our decision to purchase paper towels that weren’t select-a-size.
The day before the carrier update, I landed short every time I landed on the carrier. The day after the update, I was perfect. Practice gives an eventual lift, this was literally overnight.
I love the comment from the ordinance guy who said the A-6 squadron loved those ejector racks. Everyone forgets how beautiful of a bomb truck the Intruder was.
Ahh, the never implemented and hence never deleted hangar deck catapult.
COLD CAT COLD CAT
Your real love was there the entire time.
&gt;37 more times IN A ROW?
Plot twist, he was just a fueler...on the X-57 planetary defense fighter program.
I open with sports because it’s safe (aka not politics), but I’m not the kind of guy who is going to harangue someone because they don’t like something considered manly, Which, there’s one; when guys harass another guy because he doesn’t like something most guys like. That’s fucking dumb.
Hm.
[No, no you don’t](http://darwinawards.com/darwin/darwin1994-19.html)
One of the radio DJs advertises a Country Demolition night at the baseball game, and the riot that ensues turns into a mission. Oh yeah, the local teams still haven't won a world series.
Elton John - Tony Danza
Having the most upvoted comment on Reddit for literally zero reason whatsoever.
And you may ask yourself How do I work this?
Treat. Yo. Self.
Pee is stored in the balls
Wait a minute, it was explained by a moderator at Avsim that these files are completely normal. Avsim would never lie to ne, right guys? /s/s/s
AIM-54, for when all you want is to reach out and touch someone.
Any chance of allowing the Su-33 into the mix?
Honestly, a lot of what I saw when I was still playing in the Beeries was guys who had nothing else going for them in life doing this shit. I’m not trying to be an asshole, but the difference between a guy who was a douche and a guy who just wanted to play was almost exclusively how shitty their life was.
Hey guys what does everyone think about FCC going to MLS next year?
9256, and you forgot to get milk.
There was a guy I played with in Arma a long time ago who claimed to be a SEAL in the Marines. His rant felt like some early form of copypasta, but he really just generally felt unhinged.
I bet she has The Beast as well.
I laughed at this whole comment chain the whole time I was in the shower, and now I think my wife thinks there’s something wrong with me.
I worked at a store that sold stuff that was marked down for some reason or other, and it was Big and there was Lots of it. Our day usually followed a routine of weird folks wandering in. For example, 9am to 11am was old folks hour, where I have to explain to an octogenerian that corporate policy prevents both haggling over prices and discounting an item 90% because of barely visible scuff on it. It usually was a parade of weirdos, exacerbated by the town being the center of a county full of people of the hills. Little did we know, the crazy was inside all along. I was restocking the front area with candy (now with extra maggots!), the only other guy coworker in the store was up front contemplating with me the meaning of a 3 liter bottle of soda, when a new coworker wandered up and began talking to us. Side note; one of our bosses was a Real Christian Woman. I mean, all of the Christianity but none of the actual having to do the correct Christian thing, and being able to stand behind the Christianity armor when called out on her actions. She was easily over 300 pounds, and would drop stuff and make the male underlings pick it up for her. Also, one of her (highly illegal) interview questions was to ask what church the interviewee belonged to. This matters because... New employee walks up to us. She’s probably mid-40’s, hillbilly, short and kind of stocky. I watched her lift a couple skids at the same time the day before, so I know she’s going off my “people to ness with” list. My coworker is talking about the weird 3 liter bottle of questionable cola being an affront to a higher power of some sort, and in comes my coworker; “I believe there is only one true God, and Jesus is his son. There is no other religion, Islam is a religion of pedophiles, and the Jews killed Jesus.” This kills the conversation. She was, however, not finished. Over the next worringly 10 customer-less minutes, the topic delved into: Immigration! “Mexicans from everywhere are Catholic, that’s not really a religion. They should have to convert to Christianity to enter our country.” Numerology! “The population of China is 666 million people as of this very second. Did you know the Chinese don’t allow their population to grow larger? They are openly courting The Devil!” Sociology! “Black people might be good people, but their skin color was changed by God Himself because they are poor and stopped believing” Economics! “God has given me all that I need, and allowed me to work here because of my belief in HIM.” (Jesus Fucking Christ lady, our custodian had to clean up the bathroom the other day because the girls who smear shit all over the bathroom paid us another visit, and we can’t ban them because they go to the same church as the one boss I mentioned above. This is not that great of a place to work.) Ecology! “God put everything on this earth for me to use as I wanted, I’m going to drive myncar as much as I want to burn fossil fuels because that praises Him.” She slowly unwound, and luckily for me was wrapping up this little Jesus spiel just in time for me to have to explain to a little old lady that 90 cents wasn’t going to cover a $10 purchase. Crazy lady went back to doing her now worrisomely impressive lifting thing back in the stock room, when coworker busts out; “Ah...thank she ah...she feels thah heat far Jaysus!” And I snot all over a little old lady.
You’re Gonna Love Our Pizza
As a white person, I think we should stay the night.
Staving off The Beast I see.
Ilyushin yakovlev sukhoi mikoyan tupolev kamov mil and voronezh and that’s the limit of what I know of the Soviet national anthem lyrics.
Hey, is this line ever going to move?
But if you did, take nuggets.
Racists The first amendment isn’t just about you speaking freely. It’s about people with bonkers ideas being allowed to advertise their positions, so civil society can mock and ignore. Unfortunately, it’s become PC to allow racists a lot of leeway under the guise of free speech. The truth is that they’re allowed to talk, but nobody is forced to give them a platform, and whoever wants to is free to mock them for their stupid, stupid ideas.
1) Have your kid tell the bully to stop, and to tell you when they told the kid. 2) Have your kid tell the teacher, and once again make sure you have the date that this occurred. 3) Send a note to the teacher that this is still occurring. 4) Contact administration, once again document 5) Teach your kid about putting on the foil. Violence doesn’t solve everything. There’s cases where what happens is either a miscommunication, something your child is participating in, or even something that did not happen the way it was said to have happened. One or two occasions isn’t a pattern, and you can often times figure out a way for this to end. Some kids, though, will only understand a punch, or even a beating that they don’t quickly forget. I only have girls, so I know the physical aspect isn’t as big in bullying. I will still tell my girls that they will receive my complete backing when it comes to standing up for/defending themselves (or others). By documenting everything that occurs, when your kid stands up for themselves, and the school plays dumb and blames your kid, then you should have a clear paper trail of the school’s complete failure to protect your child. Don’t start off by threatening legal action or media pressure. Begin with a meeting about how this was handled, and slowly step up the pressure in a calm, reasonable way. When I was a kid, my mom told me that any sort of trouble at school was unacceptable, and I’d be in major trouble for anything. One time a kid grabbed me by my hair and threw me down on reecess. I got in trouble at home. I spent a number of years in school being bullied because I just ignored it. There’s no ignoring it, the only way to solve the problem is slowly escalating things, until the only thing that’s going to solve the problem is the last resort, a punch.
CPR and other basic first aid
73% of the time I can get statistics from there.
Germany and Italy are disqualified.
[Husker Du - Eight Miles High](https://youtu.be/NeqyCwAeT3I)
Public humiliation
I was going with the two most compared to, but sure.
BLUE BELLS ARE SINGING
&gt; You obviously don’t have any idea I can simplify this and apply it to you.
“I don’t know where you’re headed, but can you call in sick?” and “I think...both”
Baha oh shit Oh well, second amendment has something to do with free speech, I guess
The first amendment doesn’t apply on a private website
When I was 12 or 13, my parents drove me to the nearest video store to rent a game for the SNES. What followed is one of my greatest misses, in a way. Now, there were three people who worked at this video store; the owner, who was probably in his 20's-30's and was a gamer even back in the early-mid 90's when this happened. The second was a fat guy with a goatee, like the Chicken Man in Toy Story 2. The third, however, was a younger woman, probably in the 18-26 age range. She was at the desk that day, and her and I were the only people in the store. Nothing was amiss, no weirdness going on in the store. I went back to the game section, and started searching for whatever game I wanted to rent that night. After about 15 minutes, I picked the game, got my money out and went to the front desk where holy shit the lady's not wearing a shirt. She had stripped down to her bra. Okay, I'll power through this. I'm not sure what she's doing, because it was the middle of the summer, and it was probably 90 out that day. She's probably just hot, yeah, that's it. Then she asks the question that I still wonder what the fuck she was trying to do. "Have you ever seen a grown woman like me?" Uhhh I paid and left. Looking back on the situation, the whole thing was fucking weird. Right around that time, coincidentally, I started paying more attention to the girls at my school. Also, I never saw the lady again. I tried to slyly bring it up with the owner later on, and he gave me the look of a guy who knew why I was asking. He changed the subject to the games I was renting. When I mentioned the next school year that I almost scored with someone possibly twice my age, nobody believed me.
Breakin'
Also remember that the Tomcats are going to get the 1xx and 2xx modex numbers.
I work at a school. So you’re saying that I’ve gone from having to explain everything at my day job, to having to explain everything during my free time? Fuck that, you kids figure this out for yourselves.
The other best part, and something that's long been a source of unnecessary drama in the community, is that one of the largest forums for the hobby has constantly swept this issue under the rug. This follows a pattern of this forum suppressing any negative topics about anyone who either advertises through them, or actively has forums hosted by this group. Another publisher recently, because of a number of reasons, decided to pull their support forums from the site, and suddenly had all of their hosted forums "accidentally" wiped.
Doesn't look like the Su-33 attaches to the Stennis to use the catapults anymore.
That’s not what this story is. Try to follow along, it’s not that difficult.
I have nothing to say one way or the other.
That many adults don’t have the ability or wherewithal to act like adults.
That just sounds like a youtube comment with better focus.
It’s really everything. I hate mentioning specifics, but one group made a huge mod back in F1C 99-02, and any attempts by anyone to recreate the mod were met by (administrator supported) cries of illegal mod and/or substandard quality. In the meantime, the original mod creator group took forever to produce anything, and by the time I gave up on sim racing they were talking about waiting for full release until a new game came out.
Yossarian!!!(?)!
My oldest was in the NICU right after she was norn (not major, and not for long thankfully). Thank you.
Yeah, I do this too. Usually I’ll just drop a motherfucker, except when I can’t cuss and I just say “bollocks.”
Hello there
Related, found out yesterday that some education software that we’ve used for years suddenly no longer supports hosting the database on a virtual server. Instead, it needs an actual, physical server. This was given as the reason our software hasn’t worked since (quite specifically) the last patch. ... I spent way too much of this week humoring the guy, only to find out midday yesterday that, yes, it was the recent patch that broke everything. They’ve been using all week to stall for time while they made a patch.
I feel like, in some cases, DevOps is short for Deviant Opportunities.
Under the island, middle of a mountain There is a big bad boomin system
Overkill was my theme somg for a year and change.
IT - “All you do is sit around all day” Cool. I’m going to go outside and enjoy the nice weather while you simultaneously troubleshoot an issue that the software vendor’s support says is caused by us following widely accepted practices, and set up and cable manage a 24 computer lab. Oh yeah, Mary from accounts payable called 3 times already because her computer isn’t “working right.” Her words. You got this, I’m going to be outside for a while.
When I’m concentrating on being quiet, I can sneak up on damn near anyone. The problem arises when I do it on accident. Came down the stairs the other day, and scared my wife and oldest daughter enough to make them both scream simultaneously. Didn’t even mean to. Middle daughter thought it was the funniest thing.
To a dolphin. This makes you a great marine biologist.
Not my phone, but someone else’s phone. I was helping a lady with an issue at work, and my first experience with her left me with the impression that she was batshit crazy. I sent my coworker a text that was more workplace appropriate, telling him the that new person was nutzo. When he got it, his phone was sittig next to where he was working while he was talking...to that very lady. The good news is that, in the intervening time, everyone has ckme to agree with me that she seems like the type of person who would put a spell on someone who crossed her.
I went to the grocery store
Donald Trump, apparently.
The quiet, and then only for a short amount of time.
Punch. Everything.
Email to all in poem form. For me, that would be around 600 people.
That I was a pacifist. It was during a beer league hockey game. The guy was playing like a douchebag, and flattened one of my teammates with a hit that would have been a penalty even in a league that allowed checking. I was tired of his shit, and stood up for my teammate by flattenig douche-man after the whistle. He gets back up and flies into the scrum, screaming about fighting me and/or some kind pastry. He was yelling a lot of stuff I couldn’t hear. I’m not a quick thinker, but I knew that I didn’t want to fight, get suspended for the season, and blow $200 for my troubles. So I yelled back “fuck you, I’m a pacifist!” I blame watching The Big Lebowski a lot at the time. The comment simply broke his brain. He calmed down immediately because he couldn’t process what just happened. A couple of his teammates laughed when I said it. One of them asked me why I said it after the game, and I just said that I didn’t want to lose $200.
A zoo party
I play DCS, and sometime in the next few months (possibly), one of the third party devs is going to release an F-14 Tomcat module. I’d spend the $100 on that and any/all of their pre-purchase swag they have.
That must be one hell of a Beast you’re trying to sate.
Technically, the Viggen can do both SEAD and A2A. Honestly, A2A not so well. In a killer role for SEAD, it can wipe out a SAM site in one pass, though.
I was driving home west on Kemper, wondering what the hell was going on. Then I heard on the radio that 275 east was closed, and decided to call it a night. The last time they closed 275 (albeit all of it), traffic was terrible until well past 9pm.
My only sub-request, driven by someone who posts here every now and then, is the Tomcat in 890 NAS livery, with the witch and moon logo. It’s only right that a former Sea Vixen squadron gets to fly the Cat.
Maybe name it something about everyone in the continent sharing in the prosperity, maybe of a rounded geometric shape? Sounds great.
When someone refers to themselves as a mama bear, I know what they really mean is that they're going to act like a bear around humans and their own kids. Which is to say that a wild bear should not be hanging out around human adults and kids.
I have this mental image of Ovi travelling the world with the cup, saving people. Like the credit montage at the end of the Simpsons episode The Homer They Fall
“Yeah, guys, I’m not standing watch anymore.”
I wouldn't be surprised if it's a navy focused version, with F/A-18 and F-14 vs. Su-33 and Su-25.
I want to say that the Tomcat is RIO only, RIO initiated with RIO then pilot, or pilot initiated with RIO then pilot. I think the only jets where the pilot could go first were the old early systems, because I read a passage where an F-105 pilot waited to initiate because he was worried about cooking his backseater on the way out.
Would there ever be a consideration to include an A-10 flight as a RESCAP group to simulate going over the border to pick up downed pilots?
I think he’s more interested in either using SRS, or maybe having DCS integrate a comms system into the game. I’m in the same boat. I can change channels in game with SRS if I need to get on a channel with just a wingman. That’s not possible with discord, especially if I want to monitor another channel.
Wait, they do now? Alright, I’m back in.
