Hey, thanks for the reply! I'm glad to hear it isn't just me. My friends didn't experience such a lull when they were single, so I thought it was strange. But I do have a reactionary libido (as I call it), so I guess that makes sense!
&gt; Don't date someone who you are just "meh" about. You should be super excited to be dating the person you are dating. THIS. This has been my hardest lesson! I made this mistake *twice* before I figured out that "meh" wasn't enough to make dating someone enjoyable. Now I pretty much try to abide by the "hell yes or no" rule.
Forgive me, but this lesson of yours made me burst out laughing. Just...surprise!!
Actually...maybe not busted? OP never said "I'm a woman" (as far as I'm seeing).There is this comment: &gt; I only weigh like 140 so giant D boobs and huge for me. I have C forms and sometimes think those are too big But the fact that OP said "forms" makes me think that he could gender fluid, or maybe is just a fan of cross-dressing.
That "come hither" motion with his fingers, to stimulate my g-spot. Never fails!
Is it bad that people have different interests? No, of course not. But that isn't what those affirmative action policies are about. They aren't trying to encourage women to pursue a field that aren't interested in. What they *are* focused on is eliminating the many factors which discourage women from pursuing such careers. The disparity between men and women in STEM is commonly acknowledged as not being just because men are naturally more interested in those areas, because of such discouragement. And yes, actively discouraging people from pursuing their interests is typically considered a bad thing.
Haha, I love your last line, thanks for the laugh! :p
Haha, I'm looking at your truffle oil/parmesan cheese comment all funny right now! Sweet popcorn is clearly superior, jeez :p ETA: I now kind of want to give savory popcorn another try lol
I appreciate your pro tip. Also, idk if the 2:1 talking ratio is necessary (I'm not a fan personally, it usually ends up feeling like I'm being interrogated), but I will say 1:1 is. If he's talking about himself more than 50% of the time, I feel like I could replace myself with any other woman and he wouldn't even notice.
I mean, it isn't attractive, but idk if I'd call it actively unattractive. I do know I'm not a fan of how shaved looks. Slightly trimmed seems the happy medium - it's still there, but not soooo long and usually less smelly. It really, really isn't a big deal though. In terms of hair preferences, this isn't even on my radar! Facial hair or a hairy back/chest matter much more to me compared to his armpits.
Same! I never realized it until this question.
Look at her. Make eye contact. Smile. Did she smile back? If you want to approach someone, aggressive staring hardly sets a friendly tone to the interaction. Also, eye contact isn't magically "strong and attractive," that shit depends on context...if it exists at all. As a stranger, you have none. That makes strong, aggressive eye contact presumptively unsettling and likely creepy.
They're underwear in that you wear them under clothing, yes. But bras usually don't get nearly as dirty. There's no discharge, for one thing. And, depending on the person and the climate they live in, there isn't even sweat to get it dirty. Then you add in the fact that many women only wear a bra for part of the day (while underwear is the full day), and it's even less dirty. Also, *bras are fucking expensive.* As in, $50-$100+ expensive. So not nearly on the same cost level as panties or boxers! And washing them tends to ruin them. So many people hand wash them (which takes time), and many try and minimize the amount of washing to try and get the most life possible out of the bra because it's a financial pain in the ass to replace them...completely ignoring how tedious it is to find a bra that actually firs properly. Personally, the two bras I have that actually fit as they should? I baby them and only wash them when absolutely necessary because I don't want them to wear out!
Oh, you're right! I forgot about wireless bras when I wrote that, thanks.
Not at all! It isn't a criticism of you, or a rejection of you as a person. It just means (s)he had 'clicked' more with someone else. And on a different note, I'd be happy (s)he actually cancelled the date instead of ghosting! You aren't going to fit with everyone. If that was true, you wouldn't have to date. So never feel dumb for taking a chance! It takes guts to put yourself out there, be proud of that :)
Right? Batshit insane I'm thinking I could take at least 30. But if we're talking about simply immobilizing them? Or even tougher, not harming them at all? Probably only 3-5 small kids.
I've been on the other side of things, where he was eagerly texting and I just wasn't feeling it/was interested in someone else. I didn't think less of him. I wasn't laughing at him. I never thought he was dumb for being excited. I simply knew we weren't a good fit, so why waste either of our time? I'm betting whoever you were texting thought/felt similar to me - and didn't think less of you. So relax!
Not OC, but I personally think this would be a great idea. If nothing else, it might help reduce the stigma which (I think) might be associated with taking paternal leave.
Right? It baffles me that America hasn't gotten on board with so many other countries. How can so they keep saying, "but it'll never work!" when there are clear examples to the contrary? Paid parental leave is logical, and there are many models to choose from. There's a reason it's becoming the norm in developed countries. I really hope America figures itself out soon!
Whoa whoa whoa, wait a second... THIS ISN'T NORMAL? I do this with my slippers. I thought everybody did this? Maybe your girlfriend is the odd one...
Hey, you stole my line! Dammit :p
I assume a random guy approaching me with a line is looking for sex, not a relationship. If I'm wrong, not a big deal since I'm not actively looking to date. But I don't see how a stranger could pursue a relationship with a stranger. I'm not into casual sex, so I'll usually shut him down - *even if he's attractive*. I'm nice about it, mind you, because I'm a social person and he hasn't done anything wrong in approaching me. I just don't sleep with or give my number to strangers. The "cleverness" has something to do with it in that it's unexpected and charming, and that appeals to me. I find that attractive. If nothing else, it makes me want to talk to him, to see what he's like, to find out if he's as playful as that line makes me think he is. In other words, that interaction makes me interested in him. Does physical attraction matter? Of course. If he's just wanting casual sex, would I still say no? Not sure, probably. It he's wanting a date or my number, am I interested? If the conversation goes well...yes, yes I am. So, it "works on me" it that it makes me reevaluate automatically not giving him a chance. After all, he wasn't what I expected. And he *listened*. And he bothered to act on what I said. I like that...so I'm curious about him, especially if there's physical chemistry. **TL;DR: I tend to politely shut down strangers who hit on me because I'm not into casual sex, and I assume that's what they're interested in. So in most situations they don't have a chance even if they're attractive. Unexpected cleverness makes me do a double-take and gets me interested/chatting, though physical attraction decides if it goes any further. So it "works" because it creates an opportunity where there was none.** Side note, talking about it in this "I'm passive/they approach/I decide" way feels egotistical even if that's the scenario given, so I'm going to take a second to say that I do take the initiative as well! FWIW, I also like a simple "hey, I'm _name_," it just doesn't open a conversation as easily as this.
I feel so disillusioned. It's as if I just found out my favourite love song was written about a sandwich :(
Wait, why silk? How does that affect your hair?
Oh, that makes sense. Thanks!
Not at all! I'm on that sub, it's great. No joke, forearms can be sexy as hell.
Generally speaking (school/career), I find they *over* estimate their attributes. When it comes to dating, I find a lot of guys are extremely hard on themselves, more than is deserved. So for dating, I'd say they *under* estimate their positive attributes.
Mulan has always been my personal favourite! It's an awesome Disney movie in so many ways.
Yep, this. I'm pretty comfortable with my body usually, but body hair is the thing I get really self-conscious about.
&gt; I know I just can't handle it. It's my problem, not yours - my inability to cope with others mental illness doesn't mean anything is wrong with them and says more about me than it does about them. I think this is a wonderful way of putting this, and I feel the same.
It's a real thing, I've seen them in the washrooms of nice restaurants or other fancy/old fashioned places. My understanding is that it's for women who are breastfeeding or who are pumping milk. Nursing in public was considered inappropriate, and even now it can result in dirty looks or rude comments.
Is it still the same cost if you bring your own polish for them?
Right?! I mean, I am definitely stealing a guy's hoodie while I'm over, because it's cosy and smells like him. And if I spend the night, whatever shirt he were wearing the day before is now mine. But when I leave, it's in my own clothes! Unless he gives me a tshirt or something, but then I'm not stealing it.
&gt; they only have like 12 bottles. I drink lots of water and between the two of us those 12 bottles may not last a night. What? Okay, if an *entire case of water* is not enough, I feel like this one might be on you... Forget BYOB, you need to bring your own water and keep it in your car or something!
Damn. That means I still can't justify the cost. Just once, *once* I want to have a fancy manicure! Thanks for the answer though :)
What on earth is a tulip shirt?
Hmmm...okay.... Thanks for the pic! I had no idea what it was! I can also see why many women would not want to wear it. Honestly, it looks uncomfortable to me (covers shoulders/arms while exposing lower back, no thanks) and not very attractive (too boxy). But that's just my opinion, if you like them then that's great! :)
&gt; Also, I've heard plenty of women criticize guys for sleeping around. Yep. I have no interest in being with a guy who has a high partner count. For one thing, it makes it more likely he has a disease he could pass onto me (especially with HPV screening being less effective on men). Also, there's a basic incompatibility in that we value sex differently.
I've never had a casual sex partner! I recently ended a long term relationship, and haven't since met anyone I'm interested/would be comfortable having a FWB arrangement with. But really, we're adults. I think it would be reasonable (after we know we're both interested in that) to simply ask when (s)he was last tested and if (s)he has a printout. And if it wasn't after his last partner, I'd ask him to get tested/offer to go together. Also, I'd ask him to let me know if he was seeing other people at the same time.
I think the main one is physical appearance. An average attractive woman is (and I'm generalizing!) frequently given meaningless 'compliments' ad nauseum. An average looking man, on the other hand, often doesn't hear that - I know several guys who seem to think they must be unattractive. (They aren't. They're poster boys of 'average,' or even a bit better.) This thinking is reinforced if they aren't successful dating. Sexual prowess is a big area of insecurity. And some of it might be justified (bad in bed is, well, bad in bed). But other issues...not so much. Yes, there are 'size queens,' but overall I think men care more about penis size than most women. As long as everyone is satisfied at the end of the romp, that's what matters. Financial ability. Some people care about this, some people don't. I think a fair few men forget the "some people don't" part of that, which is sad because that number is growing. This results in two types of insecurities: the first is not feeling "worth" a great relationship because he has nothing to compensate/spoil her with, and the second is feeling insecure about his ability to be a 'provider' (or about his value if she makes more money and is the 'provider'). Financial insecurity segues nicely into another insecurity...the "will anyone like me for *me*?" issue. So many guys seem to think everything else is more important, they undervalue personality. Or they don't think there's anything special to them. I'm not sure which, but either way, the resulting insecurity is that they won't be loved unless they bring something extra to the table, like money or a huge cock. So overall, are there cocky guys? Of course. But the *average* guy seems to underestimate what he brings to a relationship - he forgets about personality and behaviour, and focused a critical eye on physicality and financial situation. So, through this blindness and criticism, he under sells himself. Which often ends up being a self fulfilling prophesy IMO...because if you don't value yourself, why should anyone else?
&gt; Namely... she kisses me, I orgasm Wait, what? Really?? Wow. I thought I was a quick fire with my last boyfriend, guess not! Ha, I can why you two limit PDA, especially if you aren't someone who can stay quiet through that lol.
I love that you said which glasses! I treat mine like accessories lol, my friends think I'm odd.
Oh my god YES, I am seconding this. Fitted business pants are absolutely delicious!
Thank you! I've seen this stereotype mentioned all over reddit, but I never understood it. I've never even met anyone who owns a horse, so I was pretty confused lol.
Agreed. An asshole is an asshole regardless of if there's a man or a woman attached.
This is understandable. But keep in mind - the key to strong management longterm is delegation!
If I may add to this, if s/he isn't into something take the time to ask *why.* Maybe s/he doesn't like pain but is open to/enjoys the control aspect etc. So depending on your fetish, s/he may not be comfortable with everything but there may be areas of overlap you can play with.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one wondering this.
Wait...what? It can cause problems later even if you're fine for years? I didn't know that, and would never have thought to wonder if it was my pill at that point.
Wait...what? It can cause problems later even if you're fine for years? I didn't know that, and would never have thought to wonder if it was my pill at that point.
I do this with Nutella! And ice cream. Coming home from work after a shit day when it's goddamn hot outside and heading straight to the freezer for an ice cream fix...it's heaven.
My friend has these! We call them wolf eyes, I think they're absolutely gorgeous. Like, if Artemis or some other hunting goddess was real, she would have those eyes.
My friend has these! We call them wolf eyes, I think they're absolutely gorgeous. IMO, if Artemis or some other hunting goddess was real, she would have those eyes.
*Did I seem to glance in your direction?* I'm probably lost again and trying to figure out which turn my phone is telling me to make. Or I'm doing pretty much anything except checking you out. *Did I make eye contact and smile?* You're right, I actually was checking you out! If you're across a huge room it might be awkward to make a beeline for me lol, by otherwise...sure, if you like what you see too then feel free to say high. *Situation where it would be inappropriate:* I'm working in customer service (food server, cashier, etc) and being friendly is my job. I probably wasn't checking you out. Also, I'm busy dammit! I don't have time to stand around and talk, but I'm also not allowed to tell you to go away. *If I'm obviously not looking for a conversation* (reading, have ear buds in, working out), *or am working in the service industry*, I'm not interested. If we made eye contact and I didn't smile or look friendly, I'm not interested. Otherwise, hi!
Not really tbh... I hate purses, I'll only wear one if I have no other alternative. The most practical ones are the cross-body ones. And these are good in that they don't fall off your shoulder. But generally they're small and very ugly (IMO). Also, the way the strap crosses between boobs accents them and more guys will stare - which pisses a lot of women off, or makes them uncomfortable. And having a weird strap across your body ruins the look of a nice outfit. Purses worn on one shoulder are more common...and more annoying. You have to keep your shoulder juuuust right so it doesn't fall off, you can't be clumsy because them you smack things (or sometimes people, if you take the bus), and if you're carrying anything slightly heavy those thin straps cut into your shoulder in a way even a weighted down laptop bag can compare to. BUT, single shoulder or cross-strap, when it comes to smuggling snacks into a movie theatre...nothing beats a purse! :p
&gt; however, being a student I have no problem carrying my bag around with all my stuff in it. Okay, this made me laugh! I'm a student too. I will happily bring my backpack places instead of a purse. Purses are sooooo much worse - I don't consider a backpack to be an annoyance tbh.
I think the only time I've liked tofu was at an Indian restaurant, it was in my chicken palak masala. But even then, I think I just liked that it was hidden by the flavourful sauce...I still disliked the tofu texture. But then again, I don't order tofu intentionally, so maybe you're right and I just haven't tried it properly!
It really, really is! It's because they're just curious (both from a "how are girls different?" standpoint and a "ooh, what's on the other side of this mystery door?" curiosity). It's only annoying when the moms let their kid peek repeatedly...or stare. Because lady, I am not changing a tampon or something while your kid watches!
Oh, she's not combining them, she's switching from one to the other. Sorry, didn't mean to be confusing! It isn't about personal belief or anything, it's because she has issues with her thyroid and her doctor said certain diets will make the meds more effective. She had some success with a vegan diet, but a lot of issues too. So now she's supposed to try paleo for a while, if it's better she has to stick with it for 6 months or so.
Lol, I didn't even notice that one... I think I glazed over it in horror :p
No worries, sharing info etc is not starting an argument or being a jerk. According to [this article](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3065309/) you may have a point. Page 9 lists endocrine disruptors (including those mimicking estrogen), and these EDs have been linked to precocious puberty (see article for studies cited). I didn't see anything related to penile development though.... *However,* I did stumble across [this article](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3862078/) which discusses a cause link between plastic phthalate exposure and micropenis development! So there's that. (Well, that and a random, totally trustworthy looking (/s) article by PETA about eating chicken causing small dicks.)
Well, you see, a woman's place is in the kitchen... and some women love to cook. But some develop an unnatural love for cooking...and sautéing...and searing...their pans are so versatile and dynamic! Soon these women (poor, tragic souls) forget all about their darling husbands,and develop am unnatural love...*for pans.* (Do I really need the /s?)
May I ask what your job position is?
Aw, no worries! It happens. I thought you might just be sleep-deprived like myself lol.
This might be a stupid question, but... couldn't you buy capris and just wear them as pants?
Holy crap, you're right. THANK YOU! I'm glad I gave you a bit of a laugh, though my redundancy was completely unintentional.
A vet I know did the same thing. I don't think he'd be alive today if it wasn't for that beloved mutt! As great as it is that he took in a stray and provides for it, that dog saved him too.
I don't think it's necessarily acceptable, though it should be. In addition to the normal rejections, a woman who approaches first is seen as desperate more often than not.
I really would not consider these an option for most women, regardless of appearance... they're too heavily stigmatized for that!
Most women I know actively enjoy it... it depends *how* they're being touched, of course.
Wow, I'll try but I might not have time to reply to all of that, I'm sorry. First, yes, there's an issue of being unused to rejection (it's common sense that this is true). But I have *never* seen a woman approach so bluntly as you've described! That seems like an extreme situation. What I have heard are guys saying it means she's slutty (in a "I don't want to catch anything" way), or on the rebound. Neither of which is a desirable assumption. That, or guys get defensive (see all the "I'd be wary she's talking to me" comments in this sub as proof), and assume something must be 'wrong' with her - that either she's playing them, or she's desperate. Also, this is compounded by other women (as you alluded to), getting catty about her needing to chase guys because they don't want to. You say you haven't noticed this...*but why would you*? You aren't on the recieving end of it, and probably aren't privy to those conversations. So, I'm sorry it annoys you, but my point still stands...women approaching men *should* be acceptable, *but it is not yet*. I personally am reluctant to do so (unless it's online, because a message is easy and private), though that's partly because I'm just not looking for a relationship enough to deal with the possible fallout.
Not shaved, it looks odd to me and seems to result in a lot of red bumps. I definitely do prefer he takes the time to be neatly trimmed though! Because I'm not okay with flossing my teeth when I go down on him. (I do kind of like how shaved balls look, but this only matters if he likes my mouth there too. Otherwise, I don't really care.)
Might just be my area then lol. I'm planning to move to a larger city, I'll see if that mentality changes!
Eh, I would risk it personally, but that's because it could cost me my career if it was *ever* found out, even years later. Not worth the risk! *EDIT:* wouldn't...wouldn't risk it lol.
&gt; Simply pushing an anti-rape message won’t necessarily reach those men, they point out, because they don’t think of themselves as rapists. Well damn, so maybe campaigns should be aimed at demonstrating examples of sexual assault saying 'this is rape too,' not just saying, 'don't rape.'
&gt; Most of what you complain about is just men being in shock from being approached. Men aren't used to it and don't know how to handle it and many handle it poorly. Now this is something I hadn't considered when I was thinking about their reactions. Interesting. Mind you, I haven't approached a guy in ages (was in a relationship, now just not looking to date), so the men I was approaching were around 19-21years old. So maybe it's changed in past years, and those poor reactions won't be as much of a concern.
&gt; Aside from the rare psycho who was just waiting for an excuse, most people default to cooperation I recently experienced this. I was caught in a natural disaster and forced to evacuate. I had just moved there days earlier, I had no connections or resources. I lost track of the people who helped me - taking me in their vehicle, sharing good and water, offering blankets and a place to sleep. So many people shared resources in the effort to escape, and once we did many other people opened their homes and hearts to keep us safe. I expected it to be chaos, I expected everyone to look after themselves. Instead, I experienced the exact opposite, and it was a truly humbling experience. I am so grateful for the generosity of those strangers!
&gt; You can be attracted to someone who isn't right for you. I don't think this is what /u/RamenNoodlezHair was saying. I believe she was saying she can't be with someone she's *not* attracted to.
I've been asked this on a date! Same guy then asked why I would use an online dating site, since they're for unattractive people/people with things wrong with them. (He was on the site himself, that's how we met...)
&gt; I do find it awkward when I tell people I don't want kids though... A number of women seem to take personal offense. I recently told a young woman this, she's just 21. She went silent for a bit then said,"I think that's really sad." She then talked about how she wanted a family, and assured me that "it's okay not to want kids yet, because you're young and will probably change your mind." WTF? I'm older than her. Does this mean she'll change *her* mind too, and will stop wanting kids? If it's such a big freaking decision, why is it acceptable to want kids when you're young but not to feel the opposite?
Erm, may want to look into if common law marriage exists in your area/country.... You no longer need to marry to be married where I live. Just a heads up lol
You'll have to look it up yourself, it'll be pretty easy - there's tons of writing on it. Or maybe someone else will give you a link. Sorry, I'm on mobile so I can't send you a source. **ETA:** /u/JohnDoe43210, it isn't the best but [this](http://www.salon.com/2015/06/12/toxic_masculinity_is_killing_men_the_roots_of_male_trauma_partner/) is the best I could find on a crappy phone search. **I highly recommend you look at an academic article instead.** It would be a much better source. Sorry!
A random guy approaching me in a bar and opening with, "I don't know if you're single, but I'd love to spend tonight with you if you are," then walking away when I say no is overly forward. Him not leaving when I say no thanks, continuing to go, "aww, c'mon baby, just for an hour? It'll be good..." and following me around the bar making these comments is sexually harassing. The two often go together, of course, but they don't *have* to.
May I ask why only minimal with your friends? Do you/your SO simply not enjoy PDA personally, or would your friends make you feel uncomfortable about it?
I'll care! Thanks :)
&gt; also, guys aren't taught a fucking thing about foreplay. In my school, it was very biology/reproduction focused, which means the clit was never mentioned. Unsurprisingly, when my friends first started having sex, many were completely underwhelmed - I remember one girl talking about how boring sex was, except for the first couple of times which hurt. I feel bad for both the guys and the girls who were having clueless 'just insert and thrust' sex!
May I ask, were you raised in an environment where crying/expressing emotions wasn't welcomed? (I'm just curious about if how you grew up is why you have that inner monologue.)
I'm gonna say first that I agree it isn't empowering - and if people want a cause, there are soooo many others they could get involved in. But I have to disagree with this: &gt; Like I said, it's legal in NYC. They could do it pretty much whenever but they don't -- that's telling. I don't think it is telling. Given how common cat-calling is in NYC, walking around with her breasts exposed would likely result in endless street harassment. It doesn't matter if it's legal; many women probably wouldn't consider it an option even if they wanted to be shirtless.
I think it's just a wishful fantasy...and complete bullshit. Do I think women are beautiful? Yes, it's basically an artistic appreciation. I also think the curves of a well-shaped sculpture are attractive. I particularly like how curvy women are put together, since I'm slender and lithe. They reminds me of the flow of water in a river. But I am not sexually attracted to women. I tint want to kiss or touch them. The idea of being sexually intimate with a woman makes me feel sick, it's so opposed to what I want. I'm not "a little bit bi," I don't just "have a preference for men." I'm straight. I think saying otherwise is as dumb as saying a woman is a lesbian just because she hasn't met the right guy yet. Men admire each other all the time, such as when it comes to working out and noticing each other's improvements. They do it in a completely non-sexual way. Is it really so difficult to understand that I do the same with other women?
I think you're still misunderstanding lol... &gt; I was thinking of how I've heard that sometimes, even straight female friends can be rather touchy-feely with each other in a way that doesn't happen (at least as much) among lads. Yes, women are often more comfortable with physical contact with their friends. But even if you were thinking of this, you're still wrong about it being "sexualizing a friend." That 'touchy-feely' contact is also not sexual *at all.* If I'm cuddled up to my best girlfriend, there are no sexual undertones. Nothing, nada, nil.
Both men and women would get more attention, yes. But I doubt most men would also be harassed because of the transformation, or feel threatened by how aggressively they're approached (like OP described). This is the key difference.
You've come to the conclusion that you still think you love her, but no longer feel it? If so, are you apathetic in other aspects of your life, or just the relationship? Because I sincerely believe my ex was suffering depression - but he wasn't willing to ever seek help.
He thought being emotionally cold was easier in life, and that no longer having feelings could be a job asset. In a way, he was right - he was extremely successful at work (though he was highly skilled, so I think he would've been successful regardless). He also thought he couldn't possibly be depressed because "he had nothing to be depressed about." He wasn't homeless or poor, there was nothing tragically wrong in his life. So he didn't think depression could be justified, that it would be wrong to be depressed. Put these things together, and he was adamantly opposed to speaking to a therapist. He also thought a therapist would likely prescribe medication, and he thought that was shameful/horrible. The stigma around seeking help -especially seeking help as a man about his feelings- was strong enough that he absolutely refused to consider it.
I don't think I could be a mod. I think I'd get too angry at people lol. But hey, I appreciate the mod team taking care of all that crap!
Right?! I thought this was a tv trope. My first crush was a foot shorter than me. I'm not attracted specifically to short guys only, but I find them as attractive as any other guy. As I got older, I wondered why so many of them seemed to have issues...it makes sense now. Of course as guy will be sensitive about his height if other people keep ragging on him for it.
Seconded! The dick definitely matters.
Depends. How many fingers have you had up your butt?
Lol, a guy I went on a few dates with a while ago greeted me with "you look just like your pictures!" He sounded completely surprised, it made me wonder just how many people use old/inaccurate pics.
Daaaaaayum, I'm definitely enjoying your second pic lol. I'm not at all surprised by your match success! (Btw, I have to agree with the /u/VT-Sensational and say I'd also consider those pics to be model material.)
I prefer the singular "they." Everyone uses it, everyone knows what I mean in conversation. "It" feels dehumanizing.
It's horrifying to imagine giving him a bj. Especially in summer. The smell! Soap and using a hand or cloth should be required for everyone.
Common things are often normalized. If an act is commonplace for a person, then it's normal for them. And I'm going to say no, since it's not sexual. (And because I don't have a prostate, so when I commented I forgot prostate exams existed lol.)
In my opinion, of course not. Everyone is entitled to a basic level of respect. But I have to imagine OC couldn't possibly be referring to be having in the way chivalry traditional dictated, that would be ridiculous. It's why I asked what he thought chivalry was, then presented two opposite interpretations.
&gt; Pufferfish are awesome though, they're like puppies. ...puppies? 0_o Care to explain? I'm not understanding how they're similar to puppies...
Oh god, that sounds painful. And jeez, pelvic exams suck (they're cold, awkward, and often painful), but at least the vagina is designed to have things inserted...I'm pretty sure urethras aren't!
I was standing under a tree waiting for the bus when a spider fell down my shirt. I have arachniphobia. I could feel it's legs on my breasts. Eek!!!! So, I did what any other terrified person would do in public...yanked my top down, bent over, and shook it off! I don't give a fuck if someone saw me, there was a spider on my boobs and I had only seconds left of sanity!
As actual underwear? No, they aren't comfortable. They're too loose, they bunch up under my pants, and the waistband is annoying. I do wear "boyshort" cut underwear though, and they're great! I've never work those fitted boxers, but maybe they'd be more comfortable. As pajamas? OMFG yessssss, give them to me!
&gt; Sex is extremely easy for women. You basically just have to lie down and spread your legs. That's not having good sex, that's being a starfish. Sounds like *you're* the one having shitty sex, not me! &gt; No, men do not always orgasm when they have sex. They ejaculate much more often than they orgasm. There is a big difference between the two. I suggest you work on your reading comprehension skills as well. I never said men always orgasm, I says they do so more frequently than the average woman. The fact that orgasming and ejaculating are different doesn't change this - and of course I know the difference, women ejaculate too, it's called squirting. &gt; It's ironic how women have the audacity to complain about guys expecting "porn sex", when women are the ones that actually want it. Complaints about unreal expectations are valid, a teenaged boy thinking a facial or anal sex can be assumed acceptable is just as wrong as a teenaged girl thinking every dick is 10". Get off your high horse. &gt; most women are apparently too stupid to open their mouths and say what they want Wow, you really do need to work on your reading comprehension skills! Go back to where I talked about a ONS, lack of investment in the other persons pleasure, and how there's a limit to communication because forcing an act is assault. Bad sex isn't always a result of poor communication...sometimes the other person is just a selfish ass. You apparently can't read my points, and frankly you don't sound like you understand what good sex is - you seem to ignore that it's supposed to be pleasurable for both people. Maybe you should work on your issues? In the mean time, I'm done responding to you.
&gt; For a long time I thought nonplussed was like a straight look on your face. Shit! I've been misusing "nonplussed" all this time. I thought it meant you were unfazed! Apparently it means you're so shocked/confused you don't know how to react. TIL.
Same! Especially in business circles, defaulting to "Mrs." would be highly unprofessional.
**15% of the time at a bar/party** I'm eyeing a cute guy thinking I'd like to talk to him...but at least 5% of that time I'll approach him. He'll wander over the other 5%, leaving 5% as a bust. **0% in the rest of my life** do I want to be approached. Grocery shopping? Nope. Reading a book in a coffee shop? Bugger off. I don't ever remember wishing a stranger would approach me. *If a conversationstarts organically,* that's great and fine, but that's completely different from him 'approaching' me. I get randomly approached in **non-bar/non-party settings about 5%** of the time - unless I'm **taking the bus, then it jumps to 20-30%**. I usually feel uncomfortable and annoyed, because I'm trapped (I'm on the bus for a reason, I can't just get off early) and these jerks won't back off even though I'm not interested.
That is largely preference based, not something a poll here will give you the answer to. I hate yellow gold, I think it's ugly. Other people love it, it's the traditional metal for wedding bands. Some people think steel looks cold or cheap. Others love it because they're allergic to everything else and it represents strength. Some people think silver is beautiful and elegant. Others think it's a pain in the ass because it tarnished quickly. This is way too specific! (Though I'll add that I think it would be very sweet and meaningful if my SO made my ring...but depending on your skill and how willing you are to incorporate her style, your SO may feel differently.)
But...she could actually have been sending him tons of messages, and it isn't difficult to believe she cried. As for the kids bit, that information was relevant. It shows that she's raised her kids on her own before; she can do so again. It also notes that one of the dads is active in their lives, so OP isn't leaving the kids without a father-figure (ignoring the fact that it's only been a 1 year relationship). The fact that one dad is an active parent is also important because it means OP is not in *loco parentis,* aka not the stand- in father (despite the woman saying they rely on him), so he shouldn't have to worry about paying child support. All of this seems very relevant to me, and not just a snide "she's a sluuuuut" comment.
My soul can join yours in hell if there's also a supply of milk chocolate Lindors... * *drool* *
I remember being so upset because my mom kept setting up playdates where I was supposed to play dolls with the other girl...but I hated dolls! Barbies don't *do* anything. I kept stealing my brother's hotwheels but everyone always got mad at me for it. I just wanted a toy that did something, it was fun to speed the little car around the room and make it 'jump' stuff. I didn't understand how it was a 'boy' toy, because I was a girl and I liked playing with it too. Thankfully, after I broke all my dolls, my parents stopped with that. They bought us both our own LEGO sets and I got to build a robot! That was way more fun than Barbies. There were other things I remember, like being told to act less wild or scolded for getting muddy, but that's the biggest thing I got upset about when I was under 6yo.
Ha, this. Nothing changes, I just have another name to call them besides "Jerk!" I didn't understand what negging was until I joined reddit, I thought those guys were just poorly socialized and really bad at flirting. Either way, I still just roll my eyes and say no.
Haha, this was me as a kid! My parents thought my knees were always dirty, that I didn't know how to wash up. Nope, those were just bruises. My knees didn't return to skin coloured until I hit my teens lol
I'm speaking hypothetically here, but maybe I was willing to try it, because I didn't know if I'd like it or not. That's fine, I don't have to repeat whatever it was with anyone. If I did, I'd never try anything new. But if I did do it more than once, it's a big assumption to say it was "because I loved him enough to." If you look at other threads, you see stories where people give in just to make them stop whining and making them feel like crap for refusing. They take no pleasure from the act, they aren't doing it out of love, it was just a shit relationship and bad choices were made. If I'm refusing to do whatever, it isn't because I love this new guy less. It's because I'm assuming this isn't another awful relationship where he'll belittle me and make me feel like my pleasure isn't important. And maybe it's simply because I'm older and stronger now, and I've learned how horrible it is to be coerced into an act I'm not willing to do. Gaining strength and self-respect shouldn't be seen as loving someone less. So no, I don't empathize with guys who go, "but she did it with it ex!" Because what they're saying is, "but I don't care how *she* feels, I care how I feel!" They're thinking only of their pleasure, and disregarding mine. They're equating a willingness to do things that feel bad or wrong or uncomfortable with love. Essentially, they're equating my willingness to be unhappy with love. And that's a shit relationship. It's not okay. In a relationship, we're supposed to care about how each other feels. Trying to guilt someone into a sexual act they don't enjoy is wrong, plain and simple. I don't care which gender it is, or if we're talking pegging, a threesome, or anything else. *It's just wrong.*
Him enjoying it. When I know pleasuring me is giving *him* pleasure...wow. I love hearing him groan, or say I taste good, or any of those other little things which tell me this is something he wants to do (and not just a favour he's putting up with doing). Kinda like me moaning into a bj and gripping his ass to pull him closer, right? *ETA:* this has to be in addition to the physical...him being into it won't increase arousal if he's also abusing the clit (or missing it altogether)
I do. It sometimes involves being an amateur contortionist. On one memorable occasion, I used a wire clothes hanger as a hook/handle. Most dresses are fine, it's just the occasional pain-in-the-ass one I have to struggle with!
Seriously, a wore clothes hanger will pull those zippers up that last inch like magic! No dislocated shoulders necessary. I can't help you on that top clasp though, the hook at the top of the zipper. I have a few cocktail dresses with that, and I tend to just zip it up and fasten it sideways on me (then curse endlessly while trying to shimmy it around without stressing any of the stitching).
I'm not queer, but I was staying at my aunt and uncle's house last week and he made the exact same comment as your mom's friend about the Pride parade. I wanted so goddamn bad to respond the same way you did! I didn't feel like I could though (since I was staying with them in an unfamiliar city, and I had already argued with them about assisted suicide and about how trans people are people, not 'freaks' FFS). I still can't believe they both feel that way.
Well, if she means in the shower or crouching a bit to pee outside, easy. But if she means peeing like a guy by aiming into the toilet while standing...*HOW*??
My mom stayed home for both my brother and I, about 5+ years. She realized that on her income, childcare would cost more than she made...she'd essentially be paying for the privilege of working! When she was ready to reenter the work force, she couldn't find anything full time. She ended up going back to school to become an EA, now she earns a great income. It all worked out because my parents have a solid marriage. But if something had nappened before my mom finished her schooling, it would have been a disaster! She would've struggled to support herself, never mind us kids. I think taking so much time off work is a very scary choice to make, and even though it's practical in the short term...it could have terrible consequences if the marriage breaks down. It really is both a logical choice and a crazy risk at the same time!
Ouch...marriage makes it more difficult. We weren't married; I couldn't commit to him because of this apathy/distance (though it wasn't as bad then). I'm glad I was able to help, I hope your talk goes well. If your apathy is the type that makes you go cold and rational inside, remember - just because you aren't feeling them doesn't mean emotions are unimportant. You aren't superior just because you are calm - in fact, it means you're missing out on some very important nuances. Like living life in grayscale instead of technicolour. It's a difficult talk to have, but it's important you do so with compassion because the alternative is to make her suffer cruelty from the person she loves and trusts. Good luck, and if you ever want to ask questions or just chat feel free to PM me.
Are you a jealous person? Because my ex *loved* dancing and I hated it until recently. I would dance with him occasionally, but not nearly as often as he wanted. So I'd tell him to go out with his buddies and just dance with whoever, it worked for years. He got his fix, and I trusted he would keep his hands (and lips) to himself.
Not just STEM though... For example, law uses a similar skill set when analyzing how a case may olay out in court and planning for each possibility.
It doesn't have to be! Ever seen a mixed group of guys and girls dance? I get much more intimate with my girlfriends than I do with the guy. Sure, I often have my hand on his shoulder (or half shoulder/half chest), but there's a good foot of space between our hips and his hands never touch my ass/hips. I've saw my ex dancing at a party when he didn't know I was there yet, he danced similarly - there was some physical contact, but it was tame and never crossed any lines. Once I liked dancing but we were long distance for a while, our rules were: Don't grab any sexualized bits/don't let them touch your bits, your crotch shouldn't be pressed against the other person and vice versa, if they get handsy make it clear your taken, and have fun.
Screw trends, buy clothes which fit you and suit your personality - that comfort translates to confidence, and you aren't left trying to wear a style completely unsuited to you. Look in the mirror. Name five things you like about your appearance (or 3 things if just your face). For every negative thing you say, you have to restart your positive list. And don't just think to yourself, "I guess my eyes are okay," think about *why.* So say, "I like my eyes, the lashes are so long I don't need mascara, and the brown turns to a pretty gold in the sun." Repeat. I don't routinely tell myself to do either of these things, but I'm conscious of my body type instead of trends when I shop, and I tend to do a "damn, you look good!" when I look in the mirror. I can name more things I like about my body than things I don't, and that's the way I think it should be.
Adding onto the "photos" critique, I have a few more points for you /u/xgalaxy: Bathroom pics are not the ideal! I know a lot of guys don't have photos of themselves, an outside pic/activity pic/photo without a sink or toilet in the background is vastly superior to the classic bathroom selfie men use. Also, just like you want to know what our body/face looks like, we want to know yours. This means at least one clear pic of your face and one full-length body pic. It doesn't matter if it's a group shot as long as you aren't blurry/grainy/shadowed.. And like fluttershy523 said, frat boy pics aren't attractive. I'll give an extreme example, since she already mentioned the bong photos. Yesterday, found the profile of a guy who said he was looking a serious relationship...but his pics included a cake of a chick getting eaten out and the words "hope you get even more pussy and blowjobs this year, here's to all the bitches!" Maybe you got the cake, fine. Don't put it on your damn profile! Don't be this guy.
Just curious, do you still think this would be nice if I have a lot of info on my profile someone could easily ask about?
&gt; 1) Photo with an animal But *not* a dead, bloody animal! If you're into hunting, fine. But a dead animal is not helping me be sexually interested in you. (I will say I live somewhere where guns and hunting are not that common, so this may be a personal bias.) &gt; 3) Photo that shows off your face, something candid Preferably not RBF, because an angry/IDGAF face is not very inviting compared to a smile.
Yep, this has been my experience as well. Which would be fine if I was looking for a hookup too. But since I'm not...no thanks.
Hey, thanks for your perspective :) &gt; I'm generally creeped out by women if their first or second comment is "hey you're hot" as my first thought is that it's not even human but some ad-bot. Okay, your ad-bot fears made me laugh a bit - I forgot dating sites did this since I've never know a male bot to exist. And I just meant it seems like men get less compliments in overall life (*according to AM), I hope it didn't sound like I was saying it's cool for women to sent those comments in the first messages! Like you said, it depends on the person, but it's probably not ideal either way. &gt; "Hi" isn't gonna throw my day off. Eh, it won't throw my day off, but for me personally it isn't a priority response if someone else has sent a personal message. And then, if I'm busy for a few days...it can get buried in the queue. I'm thinking this is more an issue of being a woman on a dating site though? (It seems like many women get a shocking amount of messages vs the average for guys.) &gt; awkward "You're a 90% match, we must be soul-mates!" Annnnd this made me laugh too. You've gotten this message? Jeez, I'd probably be thinking, "we have 90% of stuff in common and you couldn't bother to talk about a single thing??"
But I've been saying this whole time that parental time for father's needs to be set aside specifically... I'm not against this, I'm in favour of it. I'm just saying that childbirth puts a strain on the mother's body, and this ought to be recognized as a separate issue. &gt; the medical recovery of the mother is even more reason to give paternity leave to fathers so they can help take care of mom and baby. I repeat: there is no reason he cannot choose to take his leave at the same time the mom is recovering at home! I am not against this, I think time should be set aside specifically for fathers to take. If you are saying he should have *more* time than her, that doesn't make sense to me; his body is not the one recovering. &gt; My sister-in-law was unfortunate to develop a throat tumor at the end of the pregnancy I'm very sorry to hear this, and I hope she is doing well now.
"They're in the military." And if so, I'd believe them, because I'm guaranteeing my ex has spooned at least one army buddy. At least. Otherwise, if I walk in on two random guys spooning, I might think they're actually queer but don't want to go say anything. I don't know why I'd have to react? That's their business, it would matter to me.
I'm pretty private, I may tell friends that I've fine on a few dates with someone (not the same as him being my bf), but I wouldn't tell family/coworkers anything at all for a long time. And why on earth does not saying you have a boyfriend to turn dates down warrant an "especially," OP?? Of course I don't turn people down by saying "I have a boyfriend" as my go-to. Because you know what that's saying? It's saying "I'd date you if it wasn't for him." And if we break up, now that guy thinks he has a chance again. If I'm not interested in someone, I simply say that - my relationship status is irrelevant.
And socks!
Your wife was a scumbag so...you decided to be like her?? Don't be a lying scumbag. It's online dating, most people have multiple days at the beginning. But if they ask you and you lie? You're a scumbag. It sucks that your wife cheated on you, and it's fine to be angry about that, but it doesn't give you a free pass to lie and be an asshole to other women.
Wow, that was...yeah, I can't imagine that. I didn't know about the fluid shifting, or that orb would cause pain. And it didn't sound silly, it sounds horrible. Sonething as minor as an itchy back I'm a spot I can't reach can be frustrating, and that isn't anywhere close to what you described.
&gt; The most comfortable sport clothes are, logically, tight ones Nope! That's just personal preference. For other people this might depend on the type of exercise you're doing, and where you're doing it. Yoga? Okay, tight clothing will stay in place when bending and twisting. Martial arts workout, or running outside? No thanks, give me something loose that will let me have airflow everywhere - tight clothing will just make me sweat in the most uncomfortable way.
And when it's an ad for shoes but she's still in that same sports bra...?
Gotcha. Neither do I lol, even less point for one person. But I tag along with a friend who does - I save enough money to be worth it.
Fair enough! I'm a mid-20's university student pursuing a law degree and trying to graduate without any debt while working low-paying jobs so...yep, I love the cost effectiveness of buying in bulk.
&gt; when she goes out drinking without giving a heads up How is this crazy? Might be your preference to know, but if she was out with friends at an event and they decide to spend more time together &amp; go out for drinks after it ends...that seems pretty normal.
Wait, is THIS what OP was asking? I was so confused...I was wondering if he weirdly collected his cum after he finished in her or something.
Seconding the importance of paying attention to your hair (both on top of your head and on your face). Your haircut really does affect overall attractiveness, same with if it looks touchable or not. Also, I find a lot of men's styling creams tend to make hair look greasy, even if it feels fine/clean, and I always think it looks a bit gross. As for facial hair, this is very much personal preference so take it with a grain of salt. But I don't like facial hair in the first place, so I find ungrounded beards look lazy and tend to take away from the attractiveness of his face.
I'm also 23F who doesn't want kids, I answer the question with "I love them and they love me." BUT, I add an explanation saying I do not want my own kids, but I'll be an amazing aunty. It's worked very well for me so far, since it avoids people thinking I'm cold because I hate children.
Thank you! Now I finally have a term for my hatred. I fucking hate chalk. I don't care how many children ask me to draw on a sidewalk with them, chalk can go to hell. The smell and sound of it is bad enough, but the feel of chalk on my fingers....I honestly want to throw my phone across the room just typing about it, it makes me cringe so hard. What asshole decided chalk should be popularized?! (&gt;_&lt;)
*Physical attractiveness:* it wouldn't bother me. Scars are a part of life, they're reminders of lessons you've learned. And I have my fair share of scars (though they're from positive experiences, not self-harm). *Non-physical:* this depends completely on how recent they are. If they're old scars and the self-harm is firmly in your past, I'd be fine with it. Your past makes you who you are; if I find the man you are now attractive, then those scars may be part of the reason why. If they're recent and/or self-harm is something you still struggle with, it's a massive red flag to me. I've been through it with friends, I won't do so with a SO. If a guy is self-harming, I don't think he's in the right place for a relationship, and I'm not willing to enter into that situation.
&gt; If instead, the example is that you know that something about you would be a deal-breaker for your partner is then lying or misleading them is not acceptable to me No disagreement on that statement. But it's a pretty big jump to go from that to "why would you think it would be?" If I was out and he asked how my day went, I might lie and say I had fun visiting a friend...when in reality, I went to that store he lives to get him an amazing birthday gift. Blatant lie? Yep. Do I think it's okay? Of course it is. Or if he just vomited because he's sick, I'd assure him that "of course I don't mind cleaning up, go rest." But I sure as hell do mind, vomit is gross and smelly and I really want to tell him to stop being sick and clean it up himself. Or if he's trying something difficult for the first time and asks how he's doing, I'm not going to say, "pretty terribly...your wall climbing skills are shit, you've fallen three times and you didn't even finish that last wall." No, I'm going to say, "you're doing great honey, keep going!" **TL;DR:** Point is, there are a LOT of situations where a lie is *not* unacceptable or unethical, because they aren't about big, important things.
&gt; When nitrites are exposed to **high heat, in the presence of amino acids,** they can turn into compounds called nitrosamines. &gt; There are many different types of nitrosamines… and most of them are potent carcinogens. [. . .] &gt; Because most bacon, hot dogs and **processed meat tend to be high in sodium nitrite and they’re high protein foods** (a source of amino acids), exposing them to high heat creates the perfect conditions for nitrosamine formation. &gt; It’s important to keep in mind that nitrosamines mostly form during very high heat. **Even though vegetables also contain nitrates/nitrites, they are rarely exposed to such high heat.** [Source.](https://authoritynutrition.com/are-nitrates-and-nitrites-harmful/) I guess if you only ever flame your veggies on the barbecue, you might have cause for concern. But most people don't cook high-nitrate veggies like lettuce, spinach, beets, or celery on a high heat (or at all)...bacon, on the other hand, is pretty damn popular. *ETA:* and yes, nitrosamines are considered unhealthy since many are carcinogenic: [source.](http://www.cbc.ca/natureofthings/m/features/background-nitrosamines)
It's the combination of high heat and amino acid actually (I replied to this same person earlier in the thread with more info if you want to look for it.) Nitrates themselves are fine, it's what they can turn into that's the problem.
Thanks! I treated myself to some quiet time and a slice of cake, so I'm feeling much better :)
...Oh. I'm Canadian actually lol, but you're right - I am slim. I guess your explanation makes sense, it's just something I've never had to think about.
&gt; It's no fun having such a limited selection of people you want to even try to be with. Yes!!! This is making dating very unenjoyable. I almost feel...guilty. There are a lot of great guys out there, but I'm just not attracted to them. I'd love to expand my preferences, even just a bit, but attraction doesn't work that way.
What kind of relationship do we have? Have we had sex already? Are we getting handsy with one another and exploring each other's bodies or are my hands staying still on your chest? It all depends on context. It can be perfectly fine, a welcome action, or completely unwanted and inappropriate. But you sound a bit young, so I'll add that of you've just begun dating someone and haven't slept together, it's best to err on the side of not doing this. A minor makeout session does not mean I'm ready to start touching you like that.
Oh, I know that. There was a comment above his about how she must be stretched out, I'm on mobile and I read this as a reply to that comment (not a parent comment). So I thought he was saying all those big dicks made her too loose to enjoy a smaller/average one. Which, well, is not how vaginas work.
Costa Rica! It is continually praised for being safe and welcoming for single women travellers. I would exclude the capital city from this, frankly - I did not feel safe there at night (it was fine during the day). But the rest of Costa Rica? I felt safer there than I did in Canada! I went to bars alone, travelled from city to city by bus, made friends with locals and checked out their favourite spots, wandered at night, and had a new dinner companion each evening. Obviously you need to take precautions (only take official taxi cabs, don't flash money around, keep your passport on you), but never once did I feel threatened. I was treated with respect and hospitality - and though the men were extremely flirty, they also backed off completely once I said I wasn't interested.
I feel like 5th grade teachers should be more sensitive about this and aware of such behaviours! I mean, that's around when girls start getting their periods, it's not like it's a surprise to the teachers.
Like OC said: &gt; Your age, and how good-looking or respectable you consider yourself is completely irrelevant. You can be a perfectly normal, non-douchey looking guy in jeans and a clean tshirt. If I'm walking alone at night, *leave me alone.* Don't cross the street to approach me, don't call me over to talk, just don't. I, too, have not had many concerns about "greasy, sluggy, stinky" people. If he looks homeless I may think he'll ask me for money, but I'm no more wary of him at night than I am of a respectable looking guy. A homeless man has never tried to trap me in a bus shelter; an ordinary guy has. So I know you said: &gt; I'm 20, respectable, good looking and in no way resemble anything of a douche ...but it doesn't matter. You can be as young, cute, and respectable as you want; I'm still wary of you if you're walking a few minutes distance behind me on a dark and lonely street.
Touching your arm really means...anything. It could be flirtation...or it could be you're someone she's so not interested in that she thinks it's safe to touch you in a friendly way. And touching your thigh is the same. So...she's just being friendly, she was drinking, she's attracted to you, she's not attracted and sees you as safe, or any other option. *It all depends on context.*
I'd be flattered, if he was much younger I'd think it was cute of him, but I'm not interested in dating younger (I'm only 23 myself). I wouldn't react badly, but I wouldn't give him my number. Of course, it still matters how he approaches me. If he's a jerk, it's just as rude and annoying as if he was the same age as me.
Reason one: practicality. Toe nail polish lasts forever, but on fingers most people chip it way too quickly. Reason two: open-toed shoes without nail polish tends to look unfinished or weird to a lot of people. I know my mom is crazy self-conscious about it. So they'll put the effort into doing their toes even if they can't be bothered to do their fingers.
This is the one thing that would really change for me. When I was doing negotiations training, myself and the other women were warned *not* to be assertive, that we had to maintain a delicate balance of not giving into things while not seeming aggressive. A man could have that aggression in his negotiations and be respected for it. As our instructor said, "the world still sees men and women differently. For the same behaviours, men are confident while women are bitches." So /u/moumouren, I guess the advantage would be not having to walk a fine line where being a tough negotiator results in a personal attack, and instead recieving respect and commendation because I'm a man worthy of those acknowledgements.
I'm Canadian. A guy creepily asking me if he could drink with me, asking me if I "liked" him, and yes, grabbing me to keep me there to talk to me...all this stuff happens in Canada. I find it very odd that you say this because Ghana is even worse. I was thinking of working there this summer, and when I spoke I was warned that there's a lot of entitlement by men towards women - being harassed or hit on was normalized, and if I wanted to work there I needed to be aware of that. Perhaps because you're a man you simply...don't notice? But these are not uncommon experiences.
Well, it all has to do with the 'type' of office. The ones which require pantyhose don't consider shorts acceptable (for men or women). But seriously, my bare legs are not sexual or scandalous in the office! Most professional dresses are cut at just above/below the knee, so they don't show that much skin. If people are looking at my calves or ankles (Victorian era!) in an inappropriate manner, they're the unprofessional ones. All of which was a long way of saying I agree, it's a holdover from a different time which makes no sense in modern life.
I really like this explanation too! So much better than me struggling to explain that having a child is a big decision that affects another life, and it's not fair to 'experiment' with that if I'm unsure because a child's happiness (and my own!) hangs in the balance. Most proletariat just look at me like I'm crazy for worrying about this!
Exactly *how* do you dry blood? Blood sausage I understand because there's a casing. But wouldn't fried blood just evaporate and be reduced into a weird blood syrup??
Oh hell yes, because that's a lie. I don't care that he's not a virgin, I care that he's a liar. I don't want to sleep with someone who will lie like that. Also, it means we didn't have an STI talk so I don't know when he was last tested. That's shady and wrong, and makes it look like he's hiding something - I'd go get myself tested immediately.
&gt; your yuck might be my yum I know what you mean, of course, but this phrasing made me burst out laughing.
I love almost everything about it. I've had some injuries in the past so my body hasn't always been as, well, able-bodied as I'd like. It it's been functioning great for over a year now, and that makes me really happy! It's fairly visually appealing which makes me happy. Unfortunately, my body doesn't have as much muscle as I'd like. Now that I'm not having mobility issues, I can focus on adding that muscle!
If you do post one of those questions, I highly recommend the second 'how did you meet' one. The first will likely result on people making snarky remarks or lighthearted jokes about how they 'all stand around in coffeeshops waiting for a guy eating a muffin, because that's what all dominant women do' etc.
Comment from the thread link you posted on 'Models:' &gt; It sounds so obvious when you say it, but it's almost like women are people, and being a more well-rounded, honest, fulfilled individual rather than a manipulative twat makes people want to be around you... It's so sad that this actually needed to be explained to people. But I'm glad there's a book out there that says it if it needs to be said!
LOL. I'm sitting here going "yeah, but some people have open relationships etc." You? You're going, "yeah, but then they die soooo problem solved." Jeez! :p
Hm, I guess that makes sense. I don't know if I'd ever try it, but it's interesting to know this is something people eat! Still, that would be one hell of a surprise dinner at your grandma's house, yikes.
Awwww! Okay, that's damn adorable.
&gt; I hang out with more males than females, and I often feel judged for it. This is pretty normal. Some women work in male-dominated industries, or have male-dominated passions. It's fine, no judgement. &gt; Personally, males are just easier to vibe with. Ah, well. *This* I'm judging you for. This is a huge generalization, and it sounds like you're saying you "just don't get along with women/just aren't like other women." Yeah, that's not cool. Having mostly guy friends is fine. Dismissing half of humanity...not so much. It's one thing to just share interests with mostly guys. But if you can't get along with half the population, or you're judging half the population as being X, well, you're the common denominator there. If you honestly don't think you get along with women, I'd suspect you're the problem.
*Men:* deny rape exists, and insist sexual assault statistics exist only because women lie. (Sadly, I've even enountered a few such lovely individuals on this sub.) *Women:* overuse "creepy." Yes, creeps exist, and encountering them sucks. But he isn't creepy just because you aren't attracted to him! If an attractive guy acting the same way isn't a creep, then neither is the first guy. Not being attractive to you doesn't make someone a creep or a loser.
First, stop having sex without protection! This is how you end up a dad. &gt; the first time we did it we didn't use one because she says "it hurts her". Was she a virgin? If so, the sex might have been uncomfortable if she was nervous (so not aroused enough), not because of the condom. Alternatively, she could be like me. Condoms are miserable things, and I'm not sure I'll ever try them again! They make me go drier than a desert and hurt like hell - I thought it was just friction, but lube makes it bearable, not enjoyable. No matter what, condoms suck for me. I'm wondering if I could have a latex allergy, maybe your girlfriend does too OP. Try non-latex condoms, or ask her to go to the doctor (to get tested for an allergy, and maybe to talk about an implant or the pill). Mind if I ask why she isn't using birth control? Bad reaction, no money, just hasn't gotten around to it?
Ah, that makes sense! Even if nothing comes of it except improved social skills, those are one hell of a benefit in the long run.
So don't ask. It's her body, not theirs. And doctors are obligated to keep it confidential. You can also help her, that's what my ex did when we were in the same situation you two are now (a pregnancy scare was also our wakeup, no way was I having a baby). She can make the appointment while hanging out with you. If you drive, you can give her a ride or accompany her into the waiting room. And if it's the pill, be aware she will almost guaranteed fuck up taking it for the first months - so either be her back up reminder, wear a condom (try non-latex), or don't have sex.
If they can't perform both parts, they cannot serve in both roles. If they can't fulfill their professional obligations (including referrals), they are not fit to practice. It's fine to not want to perform assisted suicide themselves because it violates their Christian beliefs. Flexibility is acceptable (a referral instead of performing it themselves), but allowing their religion to trump their professional obligations is not. If they want to be Christian doctors, they need to act like doctors too - not just Christians.
I'm physically attracted to him. I'm mentally intrigued by him. I would like to get to now him more. So...same reasons a guy would date someone? (There are also the less-flattering reasons like she said yes on a whim, she didn't feel comfortable saying no, or she didn't actually know it was a date.)
I live in a cold place, I spend 6-8 months shivering. I'd be thrilled! It's thoughtful, sweet, and useful.
That's what I figured! I just didn't want to say it in my comment because, well, I'm not a lesbian, so I could only speak from assumptions and not experience.
But only a boy cat! Because OP's problem is with "females," not just human women... (Seriously though, cats are wonderful.)
I was 21 when my boyfriend's mom asked me. My response was, "You already know the answer to that, do you really want to hear me say it? We've been together for years." She never asked again :p
I use pads because a tampon is waaaaay too much with my flow. And by pads I mean pantyliners - one usually lasts me all day. I find tampons uncomfortable, so I'm happy with my liners.
Because I am happy being single. If I'm in a relationship, I'll have to compromise and think about the other person. But I want to selfishly pursue my career, even if it means picking up and leaving to pursue a better job. Proof that I made the right choice is that I answered a call last night, and have a flight booked for Sunday - I'm flying across the country to work there for the rest of summer. I couldn't do that so easily in a relationship, I'd feel tied down. I'm single because it is the best choice at this point in my life. Being single makes me happy, gives me the time to pursue what I love, and allows me the freedom to pick up and move without disturbing another person's life. I think it's great!
I guess I'll be the minority saying this here but...I don't like chubby. At all. That doesn't mean I like chiseled (if that means a muscle-popping bodybuilder, I dislike that bodytype too), it just means I like it more than chubby. Body type matters a lot to me. I'm only attracted to a very narrow range, and while chiseled is a bit too muscled so it falls on the outer edge of my preferences, chubby is completely outside the range. I just am not sexually attracted, and sexual attraction is essential to me. Mind you, you also mentioned personality. Is the chiseled guy funny too? That makes me more inclined to like him romantically (since even a great body can't compensate for a shit personality). And maybe the funny chubby guy will be a great friend. As I've said elsewhere: "I've actually tried dating outside of my ideal range, because he was such an awesome guy. I didn't even enjoy kissing him, and I had no interest in getting handsy. Sex was out of the question, which means a relationship wasn't happening. I hope I don't sound too harsh saying this, but it was a mistake I won't make again."
I'm glad it's appreciated, it was nice to be able to speak about it openly without anyone getting upset. &gt; yours is very helpful voice. I'm glad to hear this! Thank you :)
That's crazy to me! I knew some women had a heavier flow, of course, but I had no idea a super tampon and pad combo could still not be enough. At least your friends were willing to cover your ass for you lol. As for that white swimsuit...what was your school thinking?? Such a bad choice.
Shut your mouth! Or, um, still your fingers. Either way, do not put such thoughts out into the universe! It might hear you and listen...
That pisses me off. Educators need to wake up, clue in, and be more sensitive/aware! Sorry your director was an ass.
I'm mixed race -- I must have more traditional values. I'm a woman -- I must be incapable of certain tasks because I'm physically weak and emotionally frail, and I must want a family/a baby. I'm young -- I don't know what I want, I'll change my mind about being childfree. I was sexually assaulted -- I must be damaged, I must have sexual hangups, no one actually deals with it and moves on. I'm pretty -- I must not be smart, and I'm probably a [female dog]. I'm slim -- I must watch my weight and be obsessed with counting calories. I have short hair -- I'm a lesbian. I'm annoyed at your screw up -- I must be on my period, I can't be legitimately angry...it's just the hormones talking. I'm single -- I should be pitied because I can't find a man, since it's inconceivable I'm enjoying my first bout of singlehood in years. ...I'm sure there are others, but these were the ones I thought of immediately.
&gt; a lot of 23-year old women lean towards leftist ideas like pro-choice, pro-gay, anti-gun, etc. But how many of these 23-year old women are dedicated to their views? A lot, especially if it affects them. I mean, if she's pro choice, she'll probably be dedicated enough to her views to get that abortion, whether you like it or not. So this is a pretty big deal in a relationship even if no one is on the streets fighting for it. Also, I've personally ended a relationship because I found out he was anti-gay. I couldn't see him the same way, it ruined our relationship. Again, no street protest needed to make my dedication to my views important in the relationship!
😀 Thank you! 💕
Aw, thanks! It gets the point across in a delightfully cringe-inducing way.
I read it as "mother of a turkey." Am I wrong? Is it not a turkey mama? :p
Didn't you know? Phones can contract a virus which makes them send stupid and/or insulting messages! It's called 'user obtusa,' but is commonly known as 'idiot owner-itis,' I fear it's becoming increasingly more prevalent.
Very true! I'm small chested. Tight clothing is obviously provocative and looks a bit trashy on me tbh (or just like I'm a teenager again). But I can wear a surprisingly deep neckline and look classy while being sexy as hell, just because of my body type.
If you're an arse, I wonder what it says about me that I tend to agree with your points here... I think we've had a few debates in the past, but I agree with you more often than I disagree.
Exactly what /u/orangepeeling said. I am physically attracted to a certain type, and he wasn't that type. Even if he never became my friend, he still wouldn't have been someone I thought of sexually. There was just no chemistry, no attraction. *ETA:* really, downvoted for saying I have a physical preference? Seems pretty hypocritical, most men have such preferences as well.
No. FOR ME the physical side is very important, and I am only attracted to a specific body type. I'm in the minority with how narrow my range of attraction is. I know several of my friends who are happily dating men who weren't their usual body types, because they have a broader range of attraction than me. I, as an individual, am only attracted to a very specific body type. Frankly, I'd broaden it if I could, but attraction doesn't work that way. &gt; it's kind of BS when girls say that they fall for a girls personality. I have no idea what attracts women to other women, I'm straight. But I assume you meant men so I answered that way. &gt; looks trump all No, this is a very simplistic statement which makes assumptions about what I'm saying. If he's a gorgeous ass, he's still an ass. Looks won't trump a terrible personality. But yes, I have preferences. If a guy prefers slim women so he won't date heavy ladies (or vice versa) because he isn't attracted go them, do looks trump everything? No, of course not, he may have been attracted to her appearance but personality and other factors are important before considering a relationship. *I won't disregard a lack of physical attraction any more than I'll ignore him having a shit personality*. **TL;DR: Attractiveness doesn't "trump" the other factors, just like personality doesn't trump physicality for me. These factors have to *all* be present for me.** (/u/uglysexyfeet - tagging you because of our conversation a few days ago lol.)
I don't understand this... Setting aside all emotion/desire to know where you come from, wouldn't it be more logical than not to want to find your bio parents? If nothing else, you might want to find out valuable information (ie: family medical history, so you know if you have any genetic concerns). Adding the emotion back into it, including plain old human curiosity about why you were up for adoption, it seems perfectly reasonable for a person to want to find their birth parent(s)!
&gt; I gained like 15lbs when my fiance lost our jobs/income because we had to buy cheap food. Everyone told me there's no way that eating unhealthy food is more expensive than eating healthy food Really?? I thought it was accepted that unhealthy food is usually cheaper. It's a huge problem here in Canada at least, where low income families tend to also have poor nutrition because they buy what they can afford...and that isn't healthy, fresh food. It's why schools run breakfast programs, so kids who live in poverty can have something nutritious in the morning.
Yes, this is exactly what I was trying to say. Attraction is a requirement, but it's not enough on its own. As for Chivers' research, thank you for the link! It was a fascinating read. I definitely think I'm on the narrow end of the typical range if what her research describes is the norm. (I disagree with the statement 'I am attracted to the person not the gender,' unlike many study subjects apparently, so I think that also shows I'm on the narrow end.) I also found Meana's research on female lust in the NY article to be very interesting. Glad they're pointing out the inaccuracy of the term "rape fantasies," since what's being fantasized about is not rape from the POV of the women having such fantasies. I also agree with Meana's research on intimacy far more than I do with Diamond's approach (also, if half your sample already identifies as bisexuality, sexual fluidity seems obvious). I want the relationships for what they entail, not because they're what get me hot. I have what I like to call a responsive libido, so desirability is much more stimulating than the presence of those relationship factors for me. &gt; fwiw, I think you're extraordinary! : ) Awww, thank you! That was lovely to start my morning off by reading. (P.S. - I'm sorry my responses to you are always so absurdly long!)
Casually dating: a few days. But if he texts in a week saying, "sorry I was so quiet, X came up!" it's fine with me. Relationship: it wouldn't make me think he wasn't interested, since we're in a relationship. But I still like every few days, unless I know he's busy (then I can go weeks).
I want to hear your pleasure. Moan, swear, grunt, etc - a sharp "Fuck!" gets me going. Also, I love hearing his breath quicken and get all raspy. I like when a guy tangles his fingers in my hair (when I have long hair). Not pushing my head as you acknowledged OP, just grabbing/fisting my hair. Basically, I want to see him enjoying it. So that moment where his eyes close and he throws his head back, his body tensing? If I wasn't otherwise occupied, I'd take a picture of that moment. It's so sexy!
Yum! They have to be crunchy though, and not too vinegary. Side note, I was once offered a pickle by a guy because I was crying and he wanted to comfort me/make me stop. He ignored the bottle of wine on the counter to randomly offer me a pickle. Still makes me laugh to think about it!
...really? I didn't think people did that. Okay, gross question but what do you do with the wet wipes after? I don't think you're supposed to flush those. So...do you just have a poopy wet wipe in the garbage? Wouldn't that stink up your bathroom/home?
Yessssss!!!! And a liner in that bin too, please. (And really, if it's your place and you're changing the garbage...that liner is for you, not me. There are some things you just don't want to have to pick up by hand if they're stuck.)
...might I suggest a trash can with a lid? And air freshener lol.
Gah! I'm sorry, I'm on mobile and autocorrect hates me. According to my phone, "dysplasia," "dysphagia," and "dismorphia" should all replace "dysphoria" when I'm not paying attention, since my phone doesn't recognize it as a word.
Ahhhhh, yes! I have the best family-run Malaysian restaurant across the city from me, every once in a while I get a laksa craving because it's sooooo delicious. It's a full meal in a bowl, and so flavourful!
Tip from someone who has only recently begun eating red meat - look into high iron cereals! If you eat a bowl or two a couple times a week, it's an easy way to boost your iron levels. And it's a nice change from most eating more leafy greens or relying on a vitamin.
Just one person. I was helping her into a dress so she could see how much tailoring it needed when the whole thing slid down, taking her strapless bra with it. &gt; I feel like girls might be more comfortable with changing around each other Yeah, we might change in the same room as each other and it's no big deal. But we sort of turn our bodies away as we change, and it's not like we stare at the person changing. &gt; Guys don't go around showing their dick to their friends Okay, and the vast majority of women don't go around showing their boobs or anything else to their friends. We wear undergarments - bras and underwear. So sure, we change around each other, but we're not naked. That would be awkward and unnecessary for us.
It's funny, people always coax me to drink it anyways so my body can get used to it and so I learn to like the taste. But...if I function fine without it, and it has no benefit for me, why would I do that? Why would I choke down something I dislike and deal with indigestion just so I can possibly become hooked on it and be unable to function without it? I'll stick to my bright lights to wake me up and my glasses of cold water to invigorate me.
IME, there's a focus on the physical which overwhelms anything else. It's uncomfortable. He's not paying attention to what I'm saying, he's just looking at me instead. And like OC mentioned, you can't have a decent conversation because he will take a random topic and blurt out, "holy shit you're beautiful." Not every once on a while, but constantly. Which, again, makes it clear he wasn't paying attention to my words. So while it's often combined with putting himself down and with comments of how he's in awe, it doesn't have to be. Making everything about your physical beauty is enough. It's not so simple as saying there's physical attraction like every other relationships, because it's nothing like a healthy relationship. It's excessive. It's unreasonable. Eveything, every conversation, every silence will eventually circle back to focus on your physical beauty. And that's uncomfortable and annoying as hell.
Ah, that makes so much more sense!
Right?! Like, yes they're taking your dirty dishes, but they didn't come with technology establishment. Don't take them for granted like a piece of furniture. Pass your menu over if you put it on the far side of the table. Say thank you if they do something for you. Recognize that they are human beings! (/rant ...sorry lol)
I'm kind of hoping he does post to AW! Not because get question itself is so awful (it isn't), but because the bitterness of his responses will result in some lovely fireworks lol
&gt; We have politicians who compare women to cows, saying that cows carry dead fetuses to term and so can women. Wait, an American politician said that? What the hell is wrong with your politicians?! Honestly, every time I think about how much I couldn't stand PM Harper, I'll hear about another disgusting racist/sexist comment from down south and realize...our worst really isn't that bad right now.
&gt; "Skinny" for women isn't the same as "skinny" for men. Skinny for women is just in the normal weight range Um...*no*. Skinny means *below* normal body weight! The word you might actually be trying to say is "slim," not skinny. Also, boobs are one of the first places a woman will lose fat from when she exercises, because they're basically fat storage. It's why *skinny* women with big boobs are so rare - because skinny is below average weight, so their bodies are burning through fat reserves. *Slim* women are more likely to have boobs/butt because they're actually at a normal body weight. (Do you agree, /u/saltedcaramelsauce?)
My mom was physically and emotionally abusive. Whenever her life was stressful she liked slapping me around. I think I was around 13 or 14 when I finally couldn't take it any more. I went to my dad, crying, and asked him to make her stop. He just looked back at me and said, "No. You'll fight it out, and whoever wins, wins." I couldn't believe it, I just stood there in shock and asked if he was serious. I always thought he didn't know she hurt me, I never thought it was just that he didn't care. So I decided if he wouldn't look out for me, I would. If he wanted to not get involved, then fine, I'd fight and I'd win. I went straight back to my mom and when she went to grab me, I pushed her back against the fridge. Then I told her, "Touch me again, and anything you do I'll do...and worse." I didn't yell it, or hit her, I said it as calmly as I could so she'd know I meant it. I guess she believed me, because she went completely silent. And she never fucking touched me again. That's the day I decided I no longer cared about my parents opinions. My mom may have stopped with the physical, but she still tried to hurt me emotionally. I grew up hearing nobody would love me, because I was "an ungrateful bitch" and a "selfish brat." My dad said the same, though less frequently. I couldn't silence them, so I stopped listening. Whether they approved or disapproved of my life was irrelevant. Our relationship was already rocky. (As I've mentioned on AW recently, they didn't even believe me when I was 12 and told them I'd been molested...and they never noticed a family member was still abusing me. So that made for a tense relationship, plus the usual teenager-vs-parents tensions.) I'm in my mid 20s now, and our relationship is functional though not close. I'd never consider my mom a friend or confidante. And I won't take that shit, not ever again. I've fought too long and hard to be who I am; I won't tolerate them treating me as if I'm not worth respecting.
I think I'm *fantastic* lol ;) But seriously, it has had some lasting effects: - I don't do screaming matches in a relationship, I do discussions. - Saying hurtful things in anger isn't acceptable to me, because what matters is that you wanted to hurt me and chose to do so. - I'm pretty emotionally closed off. To survive my childhood, I had to compartmentalize. Now I'm struggling to stop doing that. It's hard to make yourself vulnerable, but I think it would be worse to live life safe behind impenetrable walls. - I struggle with being a perfectionist, because I never again want to feel like I'm not worth anything. - The thought of having children scares the shit out of me. My grandma was abusive. So was my mom, obviously. And all of her sisters. The women in my family really don't seem cut out to be mothers! And I recognize in myself that same impatient anger around small children or especially babies. Hearing a baby cry makes me angry/want it to be silenced. I don't want kids, but idk how much of that is just me and how much is my childhood talking. These are bad things. But it's also been a source of strength. I will fight for myself, I will believe in myself, I will not put myself down. I'm only 23, but I'm proud of the person I've grown into. I don't think I've "made it" yet but... getting there! I'll make it eventually, I just have a little more growing to do first.
It's basically my worst nightmare as a law student: being in court for a major case and having the Court just shredding me.
Absolutely! The current system stifles competition, prevents startup companies from entering the market, and is below-par service even though we're so expensive.
Please do! And then post the results here immediately. Hell, you could be a regular feature here on creepyPMs! It would be hilarious.
&gt; I think the problem is they believe "fat" is a bad word. This is my problem. I feel like "fat" is such a loaded word now, and I never know someone will react. As awful as it is, I've started hearing "fat" being used in reference to beauty rather than size, where the term "fat" implies "ugly." That's not okay with me. I don't want to offend or hurt someone unintentionally! So I tend to use words like "large" instead.
I love how you summarized those thoughts! So very true. I can't relate at all, so it seems like a silly 'does my butt look fat?' cliché worry - which means I tend to think that all that's needed is a bit of superficial reassurance.
I don't think of relationships as having an "end goal," I think of them as a journey. I don't want to get married either really (though I'm not against it like I am kids), but I want the same fulfilling and committed relationship which other people use marriage to obtain. I just don't think marriage changes much in my situation, so it would be an arbitrary goal.
...how is being at two different points in your lives "totally manageable?" Seems like a big issue to me.
Yeah, this is how I understood it too. It's the difference between being able to survive and being able to command death at your whim.
You realize that there's a *lot* of for-women erotica? It's not all sappy and flowery, that's a massive generalization. Sounds like you were reading the romance heavy stuff only, which focuses on the romance more than anything erotic. (Also, just because you don't like something doesn't mean it's lame.)
&gt;I don't know whether I'd congratulate her for going A and B the C of D, or whether to be concerned that she feels like she has to push herself that hard. It's happened to me twice, and hopefully never again lol. It was simply a combo of other factors. I didn't realize a small amount of alcohol made my gag reflex more sensitive at first, and a bad angle set it off both times. So it's not necessarily something to be concerned about in that it isn't always a result of pushing herself too hard. (Btw /u/ABosma, my ex hadn't noticed either time.) &gt;I have a ridiculously strong gag reflex and I would suck dick at sucking dick. Let me tell you, there is definitely a learning curve. Though once you nail the "don't gag" part it suddenly seems much simpler than going down on a woman lol. Either way, it's had one funny side effect...I can finally brush my tongue clean without gagging! :p
Have you checked out [YesChildfree](https://www.yeschildfree.com/) already?
&gt; There is no such thing as a "accidental father". You're being deliberately obtuse. If you take reasonable precautions to prevent X from happening, and X still happens, then X was an unintended consequence. Also known as an accident - or a mistake, depending on who you ask. Birth control exists. If someone is responsible and uses it properly -maybe even doubling up- but a pregnancy still occurs, that pregnancy was an unintended consequence or accident. Technically a guy can get a vasectomy, have sex with his wife under the belief that he's sterile, and get her knocked up. So yeah, pregnancies can be accidents. And since men rightly cannot force abortions, they can then become accidental fathers. (Unless signing away their rights is an option, in which case they were accidental fathers still but they can renounce that status.)
Have you discussed marriage? As a general rule, the *manner of proposal* can be a surprise but *the fact that you want to propose* shouldn't be. If she's not on the same page, I agree with other commenters - you're risking a seriously awkward situation. If you have discussed it and know she wants to marry you, then there are a few things to keep in mind. Do people get air-sick like they do seasick? Don't propose if she's queasy and trying not to heave. Where will you keep the ring, assuming you have one? You sure don't want to risk dropping it, especially if the basket isn't a solid floor. It might almost be better to have the ring on a necklace that's long enough to take off you and put on her without needing to touch a clasp - you're less likely to fumble it compared to a ring.
I was under the impression that my body would mature when I hit puberty. Well, I hit puberty but still no boobs!! And my body was just...gawky. I was too thin so I was all sharp angles and elbows; my butt had no padding so I couldn't sit on someone's lap without hurting them. I was super self-conscious about "not looking like a woman." I'm 24, and though I'm not so gawky anymore...*I still have no boobs*. Not that it annoys me or anything.... In terms of sexualized body parts, boobs are sure talked about a lot. So I felt like men wouldn't find me sexy. I know it's a small thing to hate yourself for, but I just felt...boyish, inadequate, unfeminine. What helped was realizing that I have a lot of good qualities going for me. Not just who I am as a person, but physically I'm slim with a pretty face and an hourglass figure. I needed to accept that someone who is attracted to large breasts won't find me attractive...and that's okay. I don't have to find everyone attractive, so they don't need to find me attractive. I still get self-conscious about it because I'm trying to date again, but I cope by intentionally wearing unpadded bras or no bras if I think I might sleep with someone, so they know what they're getting - I don't want to see a look of disappointment when I undress. It took a while to get rid of my negativity. I would stare into a mirror and make myself say 5 nice things about my body. If I said/thought something negative, I had to restart. It sounds stupid, but it worked for me. I still wish I actually had some cleavage, but I'm overall happy with my body. **TL;DR:** I had a boyish figure for years, and though that eventually changed a bit I *still* have no boobs and it irritates me. I avoid hating myself by focusing on the qualities I do like about myself.
Hm, this sounds familiar... By any chance are you Canadian? And idk about people calling it tacky, but I know those who have never heard of a social are often baffled that companies will just donate prizes. It's certainly practical though haha. And it's a lot more fun than just giving an envelope of money at the wedding like other places do. (They even have fancy boxes on the head table for this purpose sometimes!)
More like a prairie thing I'd say. In contrast, I was in Alberta recently and was invited to a "branding party" which was equally odd/unfamiliar to me haha.
OMG, can I ask you... *Is it actually about branding a cow???* Or cows? I wasn't free to go so I couldn't find out for myself, but I just can't figure out how that's a party theme. Also, alcohol and hot branding irons don't seem like things people should mix lol.
I thought a Stag party is another name for a Bachelor party?
Haha, thanks, I'm happy to finally know for sure what it is. I guess it makes sense from the farmer's perspective, it's basically a large-scale version of buying your friends a 6-pack to get them to help you move to a new apartment. Only with branding irons. And cows!
This was so fabulously random...I love it! The part about women taking over the city and cutting off ties would be hilarious to see, especially if I had no idea what was going on. And I find it amusing that someone tried to sue over it despite it being a tradition. And I love that the comedy is political and that clown costumes are worn - you guys will have sooo much material from this past year!
Ohhh, okay, I'd only ever heard of Stag and Stagette parties (bachelor and bachelorette). I never knew there was such a thing as a Stag &amp; Doe! Thanks :)
I'm small-chested as it is so...not much difference lol. And I don't want kids so they won't ever serve their biological purpose anyways. If I just woke up and my breasts were magically gone, the lack of understanding would be a big issue. I'd be super confused and probably freaked out. They may not be big, but they were still part of me, and parts of me should not disappear overnight! If this was an alternative reality and I knew they'd be disappearing, I'd feel a little odd without them then probably just indifferent. Mind you, this is completely different if they were removed as a result of something else, ie: cancer. Then there would be a whole pile of emotions, not to mention a presumably painful recovery. Also, surgery would likely leave scars and I think I'd feel extremely negatively about that (at least at first, I may see them as a symbol of surviving later).
&gt;doesn't have that frou frou pink aesthetic Yes! It's so nice to not have it be pink and flowery like every other period app. Also, I find Clue really is the best one, I prefer it to Period Tracker. It's accurate, and it offers a lot of tracking options. I thought my period has no warning signs because I don't always get cramps. Turns out I consistently get oily skin and indigestion just before my period. I had no idea! I also just think it's cool how you can choose to let them use your info for further studies, and how they provide info (with citations!) on every symptom etc. And the summaries are useful. So yeah, I really like Clue :)
Or, in a way that won't make me miserable because the "you'll adjust" was a lie for me: Turn down your air conditioner/heaters a few degrees when you leave the house for the day.
Not OP, but I'd be curious too. No, that humour is not appealing, that's a given. But I'd be curious if he's actually a nasty person, or if he's just someone who isn't awful but whose humor I don't find attractive regardless.
Yeah... I agree with /u/Rimikokorone. I think you have to assume he already knows your Instagram account and has visited it. He may continue to do so in the future, especially if you ghost on him or block him. Is setting those pictures to private for a while an option for you? That, or make sure there's again nothing identifiable in any of your public photos.
Yep... I think I've used less than a dozen tampons in my life, and I'm 24.
Have you made an account on [YesChildfree](https://www.yeschildfree.com/)? It's a new dating website so it's pretty scarce in Canada still, but I'm in the prairies and am seeing more and more people logging on. If you're in Surrey or Vancouver you may have some luck. And hey, at least you can prove to yourself that other childfree people actually exist lol. ETA: Just wanted to say, I feel your pain. I'm 24F and have just reentered the dating world...and it's tough. So you aren't alone in this. Good luck!
Huh, I thought it was just Alberta! TIL.
Ah, well I've found that location makes a big difference when it comes to childfree dating. You probably won't have many options there unfortunately, but there's always the possibility I guess.
I see. Well, I'm sorry some people are jerks. Scientists are working on a vaccine, but they're having difficulty finding a control group to test it on ;) That being said, while your upset was understandable *we didn't know that context.* So we quickly became irritated with what appeared to be an irrational response to a very basic and relevant question. And I saw 'we' because even I found myself irritated by your level of defensiveness. The internet is filled with jerks, and r/ CF isn't an exception. But that doesn't make it fair to paint the sub as a whole with that same brush. Especially when the same generalizations can be said in return.
I loved science, especially biology, and wasn't discouraged from that. But was turned off of math from a young age, and same with chemistry. And I never had tech toys so I never formed an interest in it. Regardless of the reasons, STEM isn't the only important field. And my interest in biology didn't die, I still read scientific periodicals for fun, especially studies on brain chemistry. (Most recent article I read was: "Why frogs scream" on amphibian vocalizations.) And I'm going to be a badass lawyer! Given the option, I'd still choose to pursue law over a biology career. I feel like I can accomplish more here.
Forgive my ignorance but...what is soft butch? According to Google, it looks like a style that has both masculine and feminine elements, like masculine clothing paired with feminine hair or even makeup. Is that right? Hope you don't mind the question!
&gt; Being way too into her kids and assuming I want to see pics/video/the child in question just b/c I'm also female. Hahaha, agreed. Have you seen [this](http://m.imgur.com/9qoS6xK)? I feel like Mycroft sometimes lol. (Warning, mild *Sherlock* spoiler!)
So...basically corn bread in a muffin shape? I've had corn bread once, it was pretty good!
I'm a woman in university, I don't know anyone like that... I do know one self-proclaimed golddigger, but the weirdness of it demonstrates how that type of spoiled thinking isn't the norm. Maybe location is the biggest reason, not age? I'm massively stereotyping here, but do you like in the southern US or a similar area?
Oh, I know! My main attraction is to the rainforest area because there's some wildlife I really want to see. It's fascinating to me! But I'd certainly check out the rest of NZ too :)
I really don't want to disparage safe sex but... I'd rather just not receive oral vs him breaking out a dental dam. The ones I've seem are thicker than condoms so I wouldn't feel much (other than 'ridiculous' I guess), which should make my point because I've heard men make similar "I'd rather just not" comments about oral through a condom. Hm. I wonder how lesbian have safe sex? Maybe they know something we don't lol.
Herpes can be spread via the genital &amp; pelvic area, *not just genital contact only.* So condom use won't protect you if you have PIV with a woman who has it, and neither will a dental dam if you just do oral. Obviously partial protection is better than no protection, but you should still be aware of the risks. Sleep with people you are fairly confident don't have it (which is a shitty solution tbh because it isn't tested for usually, and it's common) and avoid someone who looks like she may be having an outbreak.
A FWB is the inbetween stage of a fuck buddy vs a relationship. It really isn't that confusing. **Fuck buddy/ONS** = sex **FWB** = sex + friendship **Relationship** = sex + friendship + romantic feelings/emotional attachment So someone wanting a FWB is looking for sex with someone she likes enough to also hang out with in a non-sexual setting. She doesn't want a deeper, emotional, romantic connection, nor does she want them to commit romantically to her. (Sound about right, /u/ethicaldeviant1979?) *Edit:* incorrect word
&gt; Also it would be cool if someone with more artistic prowess than me drew people based off of their descriptions. That would be cool! If I had any artistic skill I would, but I can't sketch with a damn. And sketching is my best art skill lol. *Edit:* worth, dammit! I can't sketch *worth* a damn. I'm sure I could sketch with plenty swearing on my end lol.
Get a mutual friend to ask him what he'd buy/do if he had $1000 to spend. Find a cheap way to represent that (the shittier the better), then send it to him with a mocking "since you're broke..." message. Note: don't do this if your friend is actually broke. That will just make you a jerk.
&gt; Then again Bella always phrased Jacob's slurs a lot more harshly than she did with Edward's. Yep. Bella saw Jacob's flaws fairly accurately, with some exaggeration I thought. But she excused most of Edward's flaws, and even when she acknowledged their existence she didn't recognize just how wrong they were.
The risk would certainly be reduced, of course. I don't know if I'd say "near zero" though - not necessarily because you're wrong, but just because I don't know the stats. OP seemed to be looking for a guaranteed "do this and you won't get X" though so I wanted to make sure s/he knew a dental dam wasn't absolute protection. I'll add that there are many couples where only one person is infected, and they manage to avoid spreading it to the other person for years - so making smart, informed choices definitely reduces the risk significantly. There are two factors to consider: you may not be covering the infected skin even if you think you are, and you may be less cautious if you don't see lesions/blisters. (Generic "you" btw, just to be clear.) Herpes can infect the genital area -penis, vulva, anus- but also the butt and thighs. So if you kiss the person's thigh while going down, or she presses them into your face as she cums, or you bite her butt cheek as she's bent over for you...then you may have been exposed. And short of wrapping people in Saran wrap lol, you probably aren't covering that skin with anything. Also, we're human. Presumably you'd be more cautious if the person had lesions (or would just avoid sex entirely), but if the person looks clean...in the heat of the moment, you might remember to use the dental dam but you may be less careful and will kiss her thigh etc without thinking. And unfortunately, asymptomatic transmission is possible. So the human factor means you still may have exposed yourself even which using protection as directed. Note: I am not trying to discourage anyone from using protection! Please have lots and lots of safe, consensual, fun sex. I just think sex ed is often lacking, so a lot of people think genital herpes is limited to just the genitals themselves and not thighs or butt too.
Ah, never mind then! I only came across all this info this year because I was considering a FWB relationship and felt very uneducated. I guess now that I've studied up I want to push other people into doing the same too. And nope, they don't. In my defense, I specifically said it's interesting but not relevant lol. But I think it's safe to say that a dental dam would make oral sex significantly safer even if we don't have exact stats on it. I just wanted OP to realize it's 'safe' on a balance of probabilities - not a guarantee of safety.
What you might need to consider is whether your wife's schedule or the friend's schedule allows for primarily weekend visits. If so, it's a great compromise! If not, then it becomes unreasonable since it's your wife's space too and she has a right to enjoy it...even if her enjoyment is baffling to you. If weekends aren't an option, maybe talk to her about limiting the number of visits (ie: only X a month with the kid in tow). Also, ask her to communicate with you about when these kid visits will be. Avoiding super stressful workweeks may be a good idea, and simply having that heads up so you can plan to be grab a beer with a buddy that evening is a good alternative. If your wife wants the kid there, then a reasonable compromise might limit how often/how long but you can't refuse to let her have the kid visit. It's simply not a boundary you have the right to enforce, because it's not just your space. *But what you don't have to do is be there during that time.* If you want quiet and her use of the space isn't always catering to that, there's no rule that you can't go elsewhere to unwind.
Your dad has his own 3D printer?!!! Okay, that's a pretty cool way to decorate for a wedding
Yeah, it really does. He clearly ended it by being a jerk because his response was out of line. But your questions were not that good, you definitely did not sound "genuinely curious." At best, they were simple; at worst, you were interrogating him. I mean, asking him about being able to text sounded confrontational, not curious! It reads like you're going "lol, bullshit, if you were *actually* busy you wouldn't be able to text at all." Many jobs have some ebb and flow to them, it's pretty reasonable to expect you to understand that a busy day doesn't mean every second is pure insanity all the time.
It was solicited! Seriously, if I don't ask for one, I don't want to see and it'll never be a success. The "right way" is to only send your dick to people who express an interest in seeing it. And my favourite dick pic showed him stroking himself, with a touch of precum beading up. It was hot to know that was his reaction to what I had sent first. If you need tips on how to take a good dick pic, there's actually a website that rates them. (I think it's ratemydickpic.com but idk.) If nothing else, please don't take it standing over an open toilet! It makes your dick look like a turd, especially if you aren't Caucasian.
Especially if they're standing over the open toilet. It's like they were about to take a piss but had morning wood and...what, thought it was a good idea to share? Ugh. I call those "dick turds" by the way, that's what they look like to me :p
I think he's a normal, decent person. I then proceed to hold the door for the person behind me, man or woman, because I'm a decent person too. I guess the exception would be if he rushed ahead to get the door, or did some other sort of pointed behaviour to make sure he held it for me. That would be odd. But just holding the door for the flow of traffic is completely normal and not something I think about.
Mine isn't childproof so idk if this will work, but can you buy something cheap with the same sized lid (ie: a minute maid drink) and switch out the lid?
I don't understand doctors like that! I'm pretty sure that's even within the range of side effects warned about. Oddly, my friend's doctor wouldn't let her switch pill brands. It was the same one she'd used years ago, but she was having a crappy reaction now. The doctor kept insisting that "this pill is the one that works for [her]," even though it's not the case now! Yet that same doctor let me switch my pill brand three times because I had side effects. I don't get it!
Awesome, thanks!
&gt;Most people assume women want kids, period. So put two women together and that doubles the desire, right? Oh damn, I never thought of it like that! My thinking was that it wouldn't be as easy (vs a hetero couple without issues just having sex). So since having kids would be more difficult and more expensive, I figured there would be less pressure. The "double the women, double the desire" idea never occurred to me!
As a non-American, do you mind elaborating? What happened?
I'm Canadian, but I'm debating donating to Planned Parenthood USA. The reality is that I'll probably never have to worry about my reproductive rights being an issue, because I live in an area with lots of access. PP seems to be the largest provider in the US for reproductive rights, including contraceptives and simple knowledge. And it looks like PP is the leading protector when it comes to challenging unconstitutional laws in this area. Honestly, if Republicans wanted to reduce abortion stats they'd cut abstinence-only 'sex ed' instead. Teaching safe sex would be much more effective than this bullshit.
Wait, what? I've never seen one for less than $1500! Though I haven't checked recently... BRB, googling!
Aw, not a problem. And I'm sorry you were made fun of. I appreciate the rational discussion about something that may be a bit of a sore spot. I certainly didn't want a genital gender war either lol, so I'm glad it didn't turn into one too. I've just noticed that people who are struggling with a personal injustice tend to absolutely dismiss other people's issues, and I don't think that's the right approach. And, hell, from a purely strategic perspective...encouraging empathy is an easy way to make people aware of how hurtful such comments are.
I can't accurately put a number on that because I simply haven't slept with enough people to figure out where the exact line is for someone whose size is mid-range. What I will say is that girth matters a lot. When I talk size, I'm not just referring to length! I guess "too small to hit the g-spot" is my guide for length (so...3-4 inches? I've never measured), and not noticeably different/thicker from a thumb would be my guide for girth. For context, my FWB was probably right around the average at five+ inches yet I wasn't able to orgasm from PIV with him - so it really isn't just length dependent. The simple fact is that he was not particularly girthy even if he was average length, so the stimulation just wasn't enough for that.
As a fellow fajita, all of this is just making me feel sad. But on the bright side, I never thought to call it a fajita before so that kind of makes me laugh a bit. I'm still not appreciating getting secondhand folds/no folds insecurity though!
&gt; I have been told though that women don't put makeup on to impress women though Women put makeup on for a variety of reasons. Some times it's because our workplaces consider it necessary to look professional. Sometimes it's because we want to look incredible for whoever (male or female) we have a crush on. Sometimes we want to walk into a room of our peers -yes, women- or go out with our friends and wow them. Sometimes we wear it just for ourselves even, because it makes us feel pampered and like it's a special night out. There are more reasons, but I think you get the idea. &gt; I understand it's a date, I thought the appropriate response is to not comment on what girls do with their own bodies? This really depends on who the woman is (meaning your relationship to her). Is she your SO? You should probably be able to comment on her dress, clothes, or hairstyle. You don't get to tell her what she can or can't wear, but you can certainly comment. Is this a first date? This is grey area, it could be positive or negative. Is she a coworker, boss, or employee? No, don't comment on her body. Or, in other words, use social intelligence to read the situation. There's no single rule that tells you what you should or shouldn't say in every conceivable situation. In the context of a relationship, where she clearly put in effort, he should have said something recognizing this.
I wouldn't call it a nice compliment at all! There are a LOT of professions where the women tend to be nice looking. He could have called her a model, an actress, anything. So him choosing prostitute instead of almost any other alternative suggests something about me looks like I'm for sale. Or immoral. Or ever so slightly trashy, like maybe I look attractive but I'm showing too much cleavage and my dress is too tight and inappropriately short. Or any other negative stereotype you could thing of...because otherwise, why think hooker instead of anything else? So nope, not a compliment really.
&gt; "I approached a group of males at the office to chat" and "I was talking to a group of females at a bar" both sound wrong and I've never heard anyone say something like that even on the Internet. ...You've never seen "I was talking to a group of females at a bar" or similar phrases on the Internet? *You're on reddit!* It's incredibly common. I mean, it's used here in AM even - not just as a joke (like this post), but sincerely. So it's inaccurate to call it "flat ground" because it's commonly used one way and not the other. And while it isn't worth people "making a mountain" by becoming irate or overly offended, as is common on the Internet, it's certainly understandable that people get exasperated. Btw, the awkwardness you're almost acknowledging does have to do with parts of speech.
That doesn't sound fun. Is there medication for it? Are they developing a vaccine? (Seriously though, I'm sorry a 14 year old was hurt, that wasn't right.)
Confused at first because I'm really bad at telling flirting from just being friendly. But after I felt pretty good! She didn't take it too far or say anything inappropriate so I wasn't uncomfortable, and she didn't react badly to be explaining I wasn't interested. As a side note, it doesn't happen often but I'm always amused when it does because women only flirt with me when I get my hair cut short. I'm not on their radar with long hair!
&gt; Being queer or trans and then participating in activities out in public can be so daunting the first few times. It's scary, plain and simple. Yes, that's exactly it. It seems overwhelming and he's really nervous about being, well, himself. It would be nice if he could find a public or semi-public space to feel like he belongs in. He's had a few bad instances, and was even threatened in public, so he's stopped expressing himself at all and he's miserable. I like your suggestion about calling the venue ahead of time though, I think that would help me feel a more comfortable. Thanks for the perspective and the advice!
Hahaha! Next time my parents comment on a "young person" staring at her phone in public, I'm going to tell them about this. "Hey, for all you know, she could be cooking dinner right now!" :p
Yep, it was definitely the best option. And it might end up being a permanent rift in your family but sometimes that's necessary. If I may add this as someone who was the kid in a similar family situation...I really hope that your family doesn't hold it against the kids. I get it if you don't like children (I know how I feel about babies...), but if would be nice if the shunning didn't extend into their adulthood. I'm 24, and half my family won't talk to me because my grandfather had a falling out with his brother, so I'm on the wrong side of the bloodline. It hurts that, even as an adult, I'm shunned by default. So I hope you don't mind, but I just wanted to add that perspective in.
That's perfectly reasonable haha, you have to look out for your own well-being first! I was thinking more that they're old enough to see you independently, assuming the fight lasts that long, it would be nice if that side of the family wasn't closed off to them as adults like my family is to me.
Yep. But it's so weird it's almost adorable again lol.
It's essential to me. I don't want to have to babysit him in public to avoid him saying something callous. If his lack of social skills mean I'm cringing, or if I don't want to introduce him to people because he's can't behave like a civilized person, it's an issue. I refuse to be embarrassed by the person I date, and a tactless person would be a source of public embarrassment. *Edit: typo*
Interesting, I buy men's razors because I find them just as effective but much cheaper!
&gt; I would feel very uncomfortable going to this man's home to spend time with him and sleep there with his parents there. Yes, exactly! So for me, it depends on each individual situation. I'd be a lot more comfortable with him having a basement suite to himself (even better if there's a separate entrance) vs his bedroom being on the same floor as his parents', or even right beside their room. It's not an absolute dealbreaker for me, some people move home because their situation changed recently. But if he's living there permanently then I'm going to seriously consider if it's worth it, and whether I like his family or not will also be a factor to consider. And if he, unlike OP, is being taken care of by those parents...I'm out out out.
Hm... Has he started putting his stuff inside the bin properly?
I think it's more about conveying a certain tone, not about punctuation being a bad thing. For example, I use a lot of exclamation marks when I text. So if I haven't used an exclamation mark or an emotion in several messages, and am instead using periods, it's the equivalent of me speaking in a flat or annoyed tone.
Injured knee aside, that sounds like a damn perfect proposal to me. I would much rather an intimate, personal moment than a public display, so a proposal while hiking would be awesome.
None, I have a BA and am finishing my law degree this year. I received several scholarships, had some savings because my parents invested for me, and worked like crazy for minimum wage each summer to pay the rest. I would've been about $60K in debt otherwise! I'm in Canada if that's relevant.
This made me happy to read :) I'm hoping that my mom will get to this point in a few years. Thanks for sharing!
Eh, I guess it sounds odd in text. Generally the physical action makes it clear what I'm talking about - I'd put my hand on his cock at the same time, kneel, etc. I've certainly never had anyone be confused lol.
Yep...for nearly two months. I don't think he brought anyone home during that time at least. Still, seemed worth telling OP to not be that guy.
You expressed yourself perfectly fine, and I think the answer OC gave was appropriate for your question. There's a lot of anger directed towards organized religion because of the negative impact its meddling and its strict gender roles has had on so many lives. Childfree people, as a demographic, are more likely to be negatively effected - in the US, if my understanding of America is correct, religious biases strip them of the right to their own bodies with strict abortion laws. Never mind if they're LGBT CF. When a religious person comments, they're seen as standing for religion. It's certainly not right that they're attacked, especially when they've been respectful as you mentioned. And this happens for non-religious reasons too btw, Trump supporters are attacked simply for that voting choice, even when that person hasn't said anything bigoted. It's not right, but it's hardly a difficult concept to understand: angry or hurt people lash out when given a target, and religion has caused a lot of both those emotions.
Oh... that's kind of harsh. Having them in the wash just means they're clean! U less you mean they were in the dirty laundry? Then a clean tshirt is a possible alternative. I just won't sleep on a guy's bed with naked pillows because you can't wash the pillows themselves, so it just seems gross. And it isn't about the bedsheets looking pretty vs ugly, it's about towels being completely useless as covers because they're rough, too small, and too thin so I'd freeze.
Fellow Canadian here, and I know we have our own flaws but I'm similarly baffled. The gun violence stats, the school shootings...all of it is ignored because somehow guns are essential. But social programming so everyone can access medical aid without going in debt for life is insane? Forget raising the kid, some people literally can't afford to give birth in a hospital. And now a main source of accessible health care is being attacked because it also performs abortions? I understand not liking abortions, or even maybe being personally opposed, but that dislike shouldn't have any legal weight. Those services keep women safe, they shouldn't be so disregarded. And I wonder how many women would be desperate enough to try an unsafe, unregulated abortion if the worst happens and their options are taken away. ...sorry about the rant lol. I just find all of this horrifying, and I feel like I'm watching an impending car crash in slow motion, hoping one person will yank the wheel and prevent disaster. *Edit:* typo
Canadian too. I came here to say this! I mean, sure, they bumped into me so they apologize. But I wasn't paying attention and I didn't move, so isn't it normal to apologize for that? I get so many weird looks for this when I travel abroad :( I've also apologized for apologizing. But sometimes an apology makes the other person feel bad, or it's just annoying to hear so often, you know?
Ha, I like this explanation. My aunt was trying to encourage me to sleep around more (seriously lol), and she said, *"It's not a 'walk of shame' if you stand tall, look proud, and stop for breakfast on the way home!"* I think she'd fully approve of an 'I got some' strut lol.
"Inexcusable." Yet you're talking about apologizing (asking to be excused) for bullying. If bullying is inexcusable, what is bullying a child? Saying that makes no sense with your own past and desires.
I think what you're missing is that this is a forum to vent as well as to share a common CF experience. It's where people come to express anger when people don't respect *our* decision to be childfree...because they don't accept our choice. You can hardly ask us to remain respectful, even in our space, when we are not respected for our choices. That's irrational. So yep, you're going to see a lot of anger towards parents here, because parents tend to bingo (pressure) us about kids. And shitty parents let their entitlement negatively affect us. Deal with it. But if you had bothered to look, you would also find rave posts about "people parents," or parents who behave in a manner worth respecting. So clearly this sub doesn't hate on everyone who chooses to be a parent. We simply provide an outlet for the anger caused by idiots why think we should be parents too no matter what, and are one if the few places where people who can't stand kids are allowed to say so.
I love that line! It's such a light, easy way of phrasing it - the kind of thing that will make people laugh and rethink instead of automatically pestering you with more questions.
See, that's common in a lot of women's friendships too, mine included. I understand *that.* What I don't get us what OP described, which is how men can get legitimately aggressive to one another, sometimes actually exchanging blows (and not pulling their hits either!) and then...they're fine. It kind of reminds me of how I want to just rant about something that's wrong before brainstorming solutions because I need to purge the emotion. The fight seems like purging, almost cathartic. But how are they immediately buddies after being physically aggressive and angry at each other?? *Edit:* Nazi typo
...Dammit. Ha, thanks, it was definitely an autocorrect fail on my phone.
"Why are you tied down in a relationship? You're too young, you should be out having fun. It's not a 'walk of shame' if you stand tall, look proud, and stop for breakfast on the way home!" Thanks, aunty...
...are we reading the same thread? Because I'll trade you lol. Honestly, I'm sitting here just sighing at the sheer adorableness of how some of these guys are describing "cute," suddenly wishing I was called cute instead more often! I mean, check out the top answer and his followup comment, cute sounds damn good to me. *sigh...*
Arguably, you could argue that it gives him something even: a sign that she's genuinely interested in him, and not just the free meal. That he, as a person, is what she likes. That doesn't sound like a bad thing to me. And I like being engaged in my relationships, not just passively taken care of. It's a much more fun dynamic.
Why does family history matter? Are you concerned about that person's future mental health, or is it because you want kids and are worried about their health?
To add to that, if you can't afford an extra bedroom you can set up separate area with how you position furniture etc. Even a little reading nook or computer desk on the far side of the living room (where to know it's not the place to start a discussion if he's there) would be better than nothing - and won't result in the shared bedroom becoming his quiet zone, resulting in you feeling like you can't always access it or like you're intruding.
And don't forget the footnote that accompanies this stereotype: anger isn't an emotion.
Those were the two I came here to say! That "women hate each other" one is especially absurd when you hear the same people talk about women having stronger social networks than the average guy...and these networks are made largely out of women. So which is it? Do we hate each other or are we super supportive friends? Because you can't have it both ways.
&gt; He said I should give him a chance even if I didn't think he was cute. I asked if he would want to date me if he thought I was ugly, he said that was different. How does that even make sense?? I'll chalk it up to high school being a stupid time for many people, but still, wow.
Ooh, I like this idea. During busy times, I struggle to find a chunk of time to set aside for exercise because I can't justify doing it instead of working, eating, or sleeping. But I have to take 5min breaks, and there's no reason I can't do a bit of something each time!
To a degree, yes. But not entirely, physical attraction matters too. Looks are a threshold test for me: if I'm not attracted it's all over, and if i am attracted anything extra is a bonus. Assuming you pass that personal threshold but you're just not, idk, a model...then yes, that's when personality becomes essential. I certainly wouldn't date someone with a shit personality lol. And him having a great personality definitely adds to his attractiveness, it just can't create physical attraction if none exists so that threshold test matters too.
I figured haha. But on those busy days -or weeks- I fall into the trap of doing nothing. So this would definitely be an improvement for me.
I thought it sucked. I didn't know why I was always being given stupid dolls that did nothing, while my brother kept getting toys that move like hotwheels or remote controlled cars! Kids don't understand why they can't play with the same toys so of course those arbitrary limitations are upsetting. As an adult, I still think it sucks. Imagination isn't gendered, if a boy wants a tea party or a girl wants hotwheels then by the boy a doll and the girl a toy car. It pissed me off when kinder surprise started making special girl toys...as if everything cool in the regular eggs were magically boy toys.
HA! I was expecting a chart of heights over for years. That was so much better :p
Annnnnd I just choked and laughed at the same time. It's like the [dog scoot](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eVIC4-p9nIQ), but worse.
Also, keeping important secrets isn't health or respectful in a relationship. I'm CF but I'd *still* be pissed if that was kept a secret. Obviously my anger wouldn't be because it means you won't change your mind, but because if you're intentionally telling lies of omission then the relationship is functionally over anyways. It's disrespectful.
A lot of people don't want kids *because* they work with kids. This sounds like you're actually bingoing her! You don't know her better than herself, and liking kids doesn't mean she wants to have them.
I don't think you did anything wrong. And you definitely shouldn't be assuming she met someone better and dropped you! I know I sometimes stop messaging a guy because I get busy. Yes, it's less than ideal but it happens. Why not send another message just to remind her about you? I've actually had to do the same with men so it's not one sided. Just...don't send a message saying "so, you haven't responded lately" because that never goes over well. Ask a new question, like "hey, I was just thinking about X and was wondering..." or "man, it's been a long week. If you could go anywhere in the world right now, where would it be?"
No way in hell would I EVER respond to a message asking for a "woman's opinion" on something. 99% of the time it's an unsolicited dick pic, and since I'm not interested in that garbage I'd assume you're another asshole and wouldn't reply. &gt;EDIT - I've seen a guy approach a female friend of mine in IRL using this, and it worked. Go into my comments, the top all-time one is replying to a comment thread about this...or almost so, it's a bit better than your speel tbh. If the guy is charming enough and takes me by surprise (in a good way), it could start a conversation IRL. But online...it's an absolute no. Not only is indirectness a major negative, but women have to weed out a lot of shitheads online. If you aren't one (and I'm undecided based on some of your nasty comments in this thread), don't act like one.
Just want to add my support for the above corrections. About keeping the "I was born in..." paragraph but deleting the second one: those struggles and stories are definitely things I'd want to hear about in person! They'd fit into the flow of conversation. But online, they just make me sad and that isn't how you want people to feel when thinking about dating you. As for the other corrections...definitely don't use "chick." I can't remember where I saw it, but women respond lost positively to being called, well, women. Not chick or girl. If you don't want to write that, use "someone" instead. Other than that, cut some of the detail. Having your grades and credit transfers really does solidify the resume feel - and that's not a good thing. You have so much interesting information, such as the vibration gloves and sign language teddy bears...but it's being drowned out by a sea of minutia. Get rid of the job qualifications!
If you mean the movie with Wesley and Buttercup, it's definitely meant as satire - not to mention it's a parody of a fantasy romance. They're the ideal man and woman in the worst possible ways, he's obsessive and violent tempered (he actually hits her in the book) while she's a beautiful airhead. Their relationship is awful, it's not meant to be true live at all but a mockery of fairytale romances! If you want to point out a good relationship...look at the two guys who are friends. They have the original bromance! No insult to the movie btw, I like it. But it is sooooo not actually about true love haha. Good night!
&gt;I recall some American politician was asked why he thinks a woman might not want to be pregnant and he said he'd never thought about it. What the fuck! Please tell me this wasn't a politician who was legislating abortion or women's health at the time.
Yeah, the idea of "being friendzoned" is bullshit. It's blaming someone for maintaining the status quo (friendship) as if doing so somehow wrongs you, when in fact you're the one trying to change things. If anything, people friendzone themselves - it's not something I did to you, it's your action and your rejection of friendship. It's you trying to change things abd not accepting friendship when I'm unwilling, so you sulk and plot instead. That's what the friendzone is, because accepting the rejection would just be maintaining the status quo and being friends, period. The friendzone is the mental state of people who cannot accept friendship but can't leave, so they blame other people for their feelings instead of recognizing that their emotions are their burden alone. The friendzone isn't an actual thing being done to people. *Note:* I'm using the royal "you" here, not commenting on you personally OP.
Ha, maybe a more eloquent version? I rambled a bit. But yeah, it's way too common an idea considering it's pure nonsense.
Ha, I know you're kidding but I recently started a position where everyone uses acronyms and never explains them to the newbie first. *It's so confusing!* I wish I had a cheatsheet lol.
My first thought was "all the sex toys are going to increase in price" because, as a straight woman, that's all I'll have left to have sex with :p
Not OC, but for me it depends on the type of hunting. Is it a stable population (ie: deer or black bears), and will he eat the meat? Fine, pass the venison please. Is he just a trophy hunter? I have nothing but disdain for that behaviour.
And older cats and dogs too!! Just like how baby humans are adopted before kids, baby animals are in higher demand too. But adult pets have a lot to offer still, and many times they are actually a *better* choice because they're often trained already. Yet even animals a year or two old are being passed over because everyone wants the babies.
&gt; But I always treat things 50/50. So whatever a guy does to me/for me I should be allowed to do to them as well. This is my approach to it. It's a relationship, we look after each other. As long as I get to look after him too instead of it being one-sided so I'm framed as the helpless person, I'm fine with it. I want to be able to rely on him, and to enjoy any considerate/sweet things he does! I just want him to rely on me too, and to be able to do sweet things for him as well.
I agree that politeness is more reserved for strangers than friends. But if you're actively treating those you care about badly, whether cruelly trying to hurt them or just not caring about them in any way, that's messed up. There's a difference between talking shit with friends because you have a close enough bond that social niceties aren't required, and treating people like garbage because you figure they'll tolerate it and you don't think they're worth the effort of treating them well. If OP is doing the second option, where he actively mistreats people he claims to care for (and not just bantering), I definitely don't think that's the way it should be.
If you're looking for a hookup, fewer people will care because it's not like your ability to commit matters. I'd say list your profession because it'll just be an asset for the people who are attracted to a uniform. But yeah, you can't really be surprised that it's a huge negative relationship-wise. Even if you aren't deploying (which is a 'hell no' on its own for many people), the courses will mean you'll be away for months, not to mention most weekends. If you aren't just a reservist, dating a military guy means no stability and having to follow him around the country to wherever he's next stationed. I wouldn't say you have to put it in your profile, but I would say you have to expect a lot of people to not want anything serious with someone in the military. Not listing it might just be delaying when they say they're not interested - unless your job is actually stable and you don't travel away, then not listing will avoid misconceptions.
&gt;Personally, I wouldn't want to tie myself for the rest of my life to someone like this by having a child with him. This is what I was thinking as I read OP's post too. Her bf can't even look after himself let alone a child, he's unfaithful, irresponsible, and self-centered. Having a baby him means signing up for a lifetime of nagging him - and that's on top of OP most likely having to act like a single mom. **Even if OP wanted a baby, it should not be with him!** The fact that he is the father is a solid reason to abort. And that's without even considering the simple fact that OP doesn't want a kid. *ETA:* I'm sorry you're dealing with this, /u/Lilsashimi. I hope you're able to make the decision that's right for you, and not just give in to outside pressures. Good luck.
&gt; If a mother cannot remove a child, what happens to a man who tries to remove himself from the role of a father? Sorry, can you clarify for us non-Americans? Are fathers already able to sign away responsibilities as well as rights, or is this hypothetical? Or are you referring to deadbeat parents, those who haven't signed away anything but are still failing to provide?
Hm. I disagree that it should be the same time frame. It sounds fair in the surface, but in practice it would create more problems! I think men need an earlier deadline. Think of it this way: he shouldn't be able to make his decision so close to the cutoff for an abortion that she can't realistically obtain one. So, the only logical solution is that the men's deadline must be *before* the abortion deadline. That way she can make an informed decision based on whether she'll be a single parent or not.
It's definitely not Canada...Nexplanon isn't offered here! It wasn't approved for use :( So I'm thinking OP is in the USA too.
Not gonna lie, I was absurdly happy about it. As soon as I decided to detour to the Black Forest, I promised myself I'd find a slice to eat. It's the little things that make life worth living, right? :)
Definitely for me. I find it to be a complete turnoff when a guy is hairy. I want to touch skin when I put my hands on him...not a pelt. I'd feel bad about it except there a social expectation that I shave because my body hair is considered unattractive. This is basically like any other common physical feature: some people will love it, some will hate it, and some won't give a damn. If you're a hairy dude, OP, there are women out there who think it's as sexy as, well, I think it isn't.
Black men liking you does nothing to counter the reality of negative media messages impacting teenagers. So your comment doesn't counter my point (my real point, not the one you made up ealier). And you brought up OkCupid, not me. So that's your foolishness, not mine. Sociologists, among others, study dating trends...not to mention media trends (such as treatment by the media and representation in it), which undoubtedly dating sites don't address. There was no reason for you to assume bullshit OkCupid stats. That makes this the second time you've jumped to an unfounded conclusion about my words based on nothing more than your own assumptions.
I'm attracted to characters who do adventurous things, but *not* to acts of violence. Don't get me wrong, I certainly enjoy action movies - but there's nothing sexy about a violent guy. Give me an Indiana Jones adventurer or a thief or some other badass and we'll talk. But being a Die Hard character isn't a turn on to me, it's something I might be able to overlook if I like the rest of the character. Is there a "male power fantasy" that doesn't require acts of violence as an integral component?
In Canada, it's actually clearly set out in our case law that it's sexual assault! Those repeated requests despite refusals until she gives in aren't "testing the waters" (that's the phrase argued), the Supreme Court found it to be willful blindness to a lack of consent.
Same for me. It's not a full fantasy when I'm around the person (no comment about later that night lol), just a brief thought when I see someone I'm really attracted to.
I just looked a guy up using his phone number last week, so it definitely still works. I think a lot of people (myself included) just don't add their numbers to avoid exactly that, so it won't work for everyone.
I wouldn't simply kill myself, I couldn't justify that. But I partly understand the mentality. I absolutely would put my life at risk by utilizing a shady abortion technique. Would I choose the safest method possible? Yes. I would also accept the realistic possibility that I could die in the attempt. Risking death is absolutely preferable to 'just' going through the pregnancy and labour. Pregnancy and birth is abhorrent to me. Here's a different way of asking it: why do some people fight their rapists? Statistically, they're more likely to live and 'move on' if they go along with it. But submitting to such treatment of their bodies is so deeply repugnant to some people that it's an unacceptable option. It crosses a line in the sand, and even if they know it might kill them they can't not fight against it. That's pregnancy and birth to me. Death is not desirable - but it is an acceptable risk for not disrespecting my body by submitting to such something so antithetical to who I am. *ETA:* And for the people who would kill themselves outright? People have been known to commit suicide to avoid an imminent risk of rape or torture. So perhaps it's just a more extreme expression of the mentality I have.
&gt; If I'm debating whether you're cute or not (some pictures look good, some don't), if there's nothing, I'll swipe left. If there's something and it makes me laugh or interested, then I'll swipe right. Ha, this is the same rule I've been using for the last two weeks! Even if I think he's actually quite attractive, the blank profile is a no. If you can't even be bothered to put a few lines about yourself, we aren't compatible.
&gt; It's like trying to have a meaningful relationship with someone who is a Yes Man. I want someone who brings their individuality to the relationship. That makes them interesting to me. Not to mention they don't usually establish boundaries with others, so it transfers that burden to our relationship. Wow, you nailed it. I certainly don't date assholes, but I can't date overly sweet guys either - and this is a good way of putting it. I *need* that pushback to stop me from just bulldozing his opinions if he can't say no to things, and in a relationship I want a partner not someone I bulldozed. And, ultimately, that personality type is boring to me, which becomes a source of frustration. I want someone who isn't afraid to disagree with me, and overly sweet guys are too reluctant to challenge my opinion so the dynamic never really becomes fun. I love when a guy can be sweet, but I'm not compatible with someone who is overly so.
&gt;Phone up or meet up with people in the department you want to work for [. . .] Then when you do get to the interview you can say "aye, I had coffee with Mr XYZ last month to discuss the position" and they'll be impressed at your dedication. This is a very good point. You might not be able to get an interview immediately, but it's much easier to get someone to agree to lunch with you or a coffee. Then you get to pick their brain, they'll give you a fairly realistic insider opinion on the company and its dynamic, and they might decide you're someone they want to work with and may mention that. At worst, even if that person can't be an in for this specific job, s/he can give you find on how to get it or similar ones. And if you get an interview at that persons company and mention meeting him/her, most times the employer will later contact that person and ask about you. It's absolutely worth the cost of coffee or lunch to do this. I considered it as much a job hunting cost as transportation to the interview or ordering copies of my academic transcripts.
Haha! Um, does that mean the zombies themselves get your stamp of approval as being completely historically accurate? :p
...I have a jar of dulce de leche sitting in the fridge. If you're willing to share the recipe I'd appreciate it!
&gt; I suspect he's going to become a real woman hater with how his dad acts and will probably be told daily what a burden he us on his poor daddy. Not to mention being told repeatedly that his mother (the first woman in his life) abandoned him because she was incapable of loving him or was to selfish to care about him. Because you can bet this jerk will disparage the kid's mom to the kid :(
&gt;Ascribing all this to a reduction in grey-matter volume, rather than an increase, sounds counter-intuitive. But Dr Hoekzema reckons it is probably evidence of a process called **synaptic pruning,** in which little-used connections between neurons are allowed to wither away, while the most-used become stronger. That is **thought to make neural circuitry more efficient, not less so.** It sounds Iike a bad thing, yes, but the conclusion doesn't support that. If Dr Hoekzema is right, this article is actually saying pregnancy is mentally *beneficial,* not a negative influence! Not that I'm willng to have a kid even if there is one benefit to it lol. So...this article isn't a reason to not be pregnant. Unless you have a different understanding of it?
I was fine until I thought about these two: &gt; When millions of people donate a share of their income to help those in need. &gt;When people give rides to hitchikers knowing the risk. I was caught in a natural disaster (a wildfire) recently, with no vehicle and knowing no one. My roommate, who was still a complete stranger (we met briefly the day before), got me out of there. We ended up stranded in a nearby town, where a random family took us in, fed us, and let us take shelter in their garage along with the 10+ other people they were helping. The next day, when we ran out of gas, a nearby farmer donated fuel to us. A national charity immediately contacted each person, one by one, to offer funds donated to assist people struggling to put their lives back together. And once I was safe I learned about my coworker who had been trying to get her child out. She had to drive through the flames, causing her engine to catch fire while she grabbed her kid and ran. They're lucky someone was willing to stop and pick them up since actually stopping was dangerous even if they themselves weren't risky to pick up. I'm so incredibly grateful to the people who helped me, and it was amazing to see that everyone pulled together instead of fending for themselves.
I love when this happens! It seems really common at Tim Hortons drive-through lanes.
Please ignore the person saying a first date needs to be impressive. You have the right approach with a coffee date (or a dessert café, just a suggestion), and there's no reason to think she didn't know it was a date. But if you had chemistry, I'd definitely recommend seeing this woman again. Coffee dates *are* casual, I wouldn't wear a hoodie myself but I'm not surprised she did. She dresses for the outing if not for the date. Go somewhere a little nicer (it doesn't have to be expensive) and see if she dresses accordingly. A second date isn't that much of a time investment if it doesn't work out, so why not try?
I am seriously hoping the parent cleaned his poop-dribbles up... No way are servers paid enough for that.
I'd be annoyed at him for engaging the guy harassing me/us, because that's giving the jerk what he wants: attention. I'd also let it go because my male SO would not be as used to catcalling jerks, so he hasn't gone through the process of figuring out how to respond. I know a lot of women who get catcalled repeatedly (it isn't common where I live so I'm speaking secondhand) started out responding only to eventually realize that non-engagement was the best policy. If your SO's comment made you uncomfortable, *talk to him.* Explain why it bothers you. Was it the fact that he engaged at all, or what he said? If it was him responding, was it because he gave the catcaller the desired attention or because it made you feel uncomfortable when he spoke for you?
Right? I've never celebrated Valentine's Day as a "me" holiday, I thought it was about mutual appreciation. Then again, I explicitly told my ex to never buy me that crappy chocolate in a heart box that's mostly packaging anyways, so it's possible I have a different perspective on this.
I'm single, but I'd love to stay in and cook dinner together. Emphasis on 'together,' not one person doing all the work. It doesn't matter what we make as long as it's something special and/or new instead of just one of the normal meals we'd make. Put on some music, crack open some wine, and enjoy whatever fancy dish we created. Doesn't matter what happens after that, as long as the night ends with sex and snuggles.
Seriously? The logic baffles me. A responsible parent would stop the boy *immediately* and explain that it's inappropriate to look up people's clothing/get into their personal space. You shouldn't take a picture because it teaches the kid that it's entertaining and not that bad! Agreed, that shit isn't cute. And it'll start getting really, uncomfortably weird as the kid gets older and still thinks that's okay.
It would for me. If I'm not physically attracted, I can't date him. If I'm only mentally attracted but not physically attracted, that essentially translates to saying "I like him as a person." Those people are friends, not people I can be romantically involved with. I need both physical and mental attraction for dating.
I'd really like to see the issue male victims of abuse raised. There are no shelters or help offered in Canada for male DV victims,* and that's just wrong. I understand at least some shelters always being gendered because the women and kids using them are often deeply traumatized, and many struggle to interact with men at all so they couldn't live with men there. But without shelters for men too, these victims have nowhere safe to go and get back on their feet. Also, I don't think we talk about male abuse victims in general, so a lot of men feel like they're less of men because they were victimized. There's this pervasive "a real man..." logic that's pretty toxic in my opinion. *ETA: No shelters for men in Canada that I'm aware of; I think the only one closed when the man running it committed suicide. If I'm wrong, please correct me.
Thank you, I appreciate this. It's certainly not my intent to disparage anyone.
&gt; In contrast, there are zero examples of MRAs attempting (or succeeding) to do the same for women's issues. Except...I never said "MRAs." YOU did. I said "men's rights types," meaning men who are advocating for men's issues regardless of if they subscribe to a MRA group. I don't think MRAs factor into these discussions - yet. Those particular groups are so new/young in comparison to the history of feminism, and so small in comparative membership/popularity still, that they aren't at all comparable. It would be comparing a full-fledged movement to something that's still just in its infancy. So to me, it makes no sense to try and use the lack of MRA action as evidence of advocates for men's issues not shutting down those discussions. MRAs are still trying to build themselves into a stable and representative movement. Until they gain legitimacy and influence, what MRAs do is not at all determinative when talking about advocacy broadly. The very obvious fact is that there are many examples of people who are concerned with men's rights shutting down women's issues, both on a small-scale conversational level and on a larger political level. When politicians (or recently during the Ghomeshi trial, news reporters) talk about the risk of a fake rape claim and the need to not pass judgement on a man before the courts do, they are advocating for men's rights. That's fine. But when they combine that advocacy with undermining women's claims of sexual assault, they become men's rights advocates who are silencing women's issues. Replace this with the gendered discussion of your choice. Look at the discussions around abortion, for instance. Another excellent example is the many discussions on pro-paternity leave vs anti-maternity leave: the first is pro-men's rights, the other is seeking to erode a right women fought very hard for. Both are common discussions. **TL;DR:** *This is all commonplace. We know it happens. Whether MRAs are involved or not is irrelevant, as I didn't mention them for a reason: self-titled MRA groups are too new an idea to compare to feminism or to be representative of those advocating for men's rights. This may change with time. But for now, it doesn't affect the reality that men's issues are discussed by non-MRAs like politicians, reporters, or other pubic figures - including those who attempt to degrade women's rights in the process.*
&gt;Or dildoing her clit when you are in her vagina. I...don't think I understand the logistics of this. Isn't a dido just a penis shaped thing that doesn't do anything? I could see a vibrator on her clit being pleasurable, is that what you mean?
It would probably be an issue to me. Not because the tightness would impact me at all, but because I've read too many horror stories about a guy trying to have sex with a tight foreskin and tearing it. Pain, screaming, bleeding...not my idea of a good time! So I think I'd be scared for him lol.
Yeah...I know. That was the point of my post. Go see my top level comment lol
This is exactly what I thought of reading the title. A fitted suit is...*damn.*
Yes yes yes. A suit is the sexist outfit a man can wear imo. Something about it is just hot as hell to me!
Determined. Though right now I'm just tired. I am a big ball of tired. I couldn't even type the without yawning lol
...I never thought about it like that. I'm usually decent at noticing those things, but I think this was in my mental blind spot because I've aspired to be a 'career woman' since I was young. I appreciate you pointing it out. Btw, it occurs to me that there's a male version of the phrase, just reversed thanks to gender roles: 'family man,' while a woman with a family is just a regular woman. Again, not something I thought about until now.
&gt; Only special bastards are still suicidal in nice relationships Again, it's not acceptable to dismiss other people's struggles. Yes, men in real relationships can still be depressed, and your fabricated claim doesn't change this. Also, to use your own words, "in *nice* relationships." Healthy, functional, happy relationships. Given your apparent mental state, *you are not currently capable of such a 'nice' relationship.* A relationship can't be nice or healthy when half of the people contributing to it is not. So like /u/thirty-five- said, dating won't solve your problems. You have to be capable of being in such a relationship before actually having one. You're approaching this backwards, your mental health needs to be taken care of first. But it doesn't sound like you want help, you just want to vent and blame the world. Good luck with that. Hopefully you'll eventually realize that you need to be healthy first.
Alright, I guess one last comment won't break you. Maybe try being *open* to help, instead of it being "against your will" or by force. Most treatments are unsuccessful when imposes on someone who is being forced to participate. And new drug combinations and therapy options are being always being proposed and offered, so it's highly unlikely you've tried everything. You clearly need help, not a relationship. No relationship would be able to fix such severe issues, you'd only have a negative effect on the person you're with instead. So I truly hope you're open to help in the future and it's successful, so you have the opportunity to live as a healthy, functional, compassionate human being instead of your current life filled with hate.
Huh, your responses have been fascinating to read. What you describe is so different from my own experience that it's hard to imagine! I've always wondered how a sexual person could be in a relationship with an asexual partner. Thanks for writing about this, I feel like I have a bit more of an understanding.
Yep, my grandma had two abortions. She also had 7 kids, an a couple of miscarriages. Those abortions *were* the responsible choice. At that time, they couldn't afford to feed more kids, and the older ones weren't old enough to help with childcare so since they had no family to help the kids would have been neglected. Having the abortions and limiting her family size was the responsible choice for her and her family.
I've been saying this a lot on reddit lately, but... dessert cafés! Though you being a picky eater may be an issue. I intentionally don't date picky eaters, so idk if dessert cafés would appeal to you.
Hope you like it!
You would not appreciate the public transit ride I take each day... Smelly perfume strong enough to make my eyes water on one side, and that sour smell of unwashed bodies on the other. Ugh.
Right?! I thought maybe she was working in a hospital or a mental help office. Then I read "till" and scrolled back up. Nope, grocery store! That's absolutely insane and completely unacceptable. (Sorry you had to deal with that crap, /u/PurrPrinThom.)
Oh, a (real) compliment is flattering regardless of if I find him attractive. But for some reason being checked out is just neutral generally. Maybe because compliments are comparatively rarer? I see so many guys checking women out; maybe that's why it only matters to me if I reciprocate the attraction. Idk. I'm not sure what you mean by "give it back" though. Do you mean flirt? It depends on my mood and if I'm single, but even then probably not. I may appreciate the scenery but I may not be interested in anything more. I'm much more likely to give him a small smile, or to check him out in return.
Solidarity! People bug me about not owning a car too. But it doesn't make financial sense to get one just yet. I usually explain to people that I could only comfortably afford two out of the three: tuition, rent, or a vehicle. They usually shut up after that.
OH HELL NO. Okay, nevermind that! I got mine for about $20. If the Toblerone was around $20 then I'd definitely buy it lol.
Not OC, but replace "black" with "aboriginal" and I can speak to it a little bit. It's actually been a significant issue in Canada that a large number of aboriginal children (who were in foster care because we eroded their families via residential schools etc) were adopted by non-Aboriginal families. They lost their connection to their aboriginal nations, were not educated on their backgrounds, their religions weren't taught, and the aboriginal cultures which were their birthright was not embraced. Humouring the religion or the culture, teaching their religion like a myth, or pretending these children were no different than non-Aboriginal kids was a huge disservice to them. In short, being adopted by non-Aboriginal parents very effectively assimilated those children by denying them their identity. And that is a significant loss which we are not struggling to atone for and rectify. So I don't think I would specifically say "white women" or "all-white" relationships like OC did, and I think not being adopted/fostered *at all* would be worse. But I do understand the sentiment, especially with a slightly broader application where you don't allow black kids to be fostered to/adopted by people relationships without a black connection. Black history, black culture, an awareness of racial difficulties which prevail today...it matters.
Mind elaborating? Do you mean no legislation at all, or that the bio-dad shouldn't have a say, or that the doctor should have final say on if she gets an abortion, or...?
&gt;Abortions require medical procedures that many med schools no longer teach because of pressure from the religious right. Are you kidding me?? It's not even *taught?* What if they have to perform an emergency abortion? Ugh, that's unacceptable. I assumed it was something the doctors refused to perform for moral or religious reasons, like assisted suicide. I never considered that some doctors didn't even have complete training!
Yeah, I mentioned to another commenter that I work in the legal system, so I get to hear about a lot of awful situations as a result of racism. Ultimately, I think that's where the courts are standing now. Whenever possible, we try to ensure there is a connection to the aboriginal community. This is something the courts pay serious attention to now. But if that isn't possible, something is better than nothing.
That's interesting. Out of curiosity, what would a stay at home spouse do if there aren't any kids in the picture? Sounds like a recipe to go stir crazy or breed resentments, but maybe I'm missing something. Unless working from home counts? **ETA:** just saw your comment explaining exactly this. Sorry!
When I went off the pill, it took my boobs with it. I guess I'd forgotten how small my boobs naturally were because I'd been on he pill for approx 5 years. The last pill I was on was amazing, I didn't have any side effects going on it or coming off it except for the breast shrinkage. But damn, it would've been nice if I could've kept the boobs and just had a touch of acne instead!
&gt; I don't trust OBs. They had a massive issue recently because people were finding mold inside the applicators ...what applicator? OB tampons are the only ones I know of that don't use an applicator - that's why I like them. Are you thinking of a different brand? *ETA:* huh, just Googled it and it looks like they make one type with a compact applicator. It's not sold in Canada so I didn't know they existed. I hate applicators though, so I'll still stick with OB for the rare occasions I use a tampon.
There's no evidence to suggest a baby can feel emotion in the womb. They can respond to physical stimulus after a certain threshold, but that isn't emotion. And unless you're a mind reader or you have neurological scans as evidence which I'm not aware of, there's no reason to suggest otherwise. I say that because there are many articles suggesting that it takes a (short!) period of time after birth before a baby gains awareness. So they didn't have awareness before that - including in the womb. I'd link you some articles, but I'm on mobile so you'll have to research it yourself.
FWIW, I agree with you. I mean, I think the idea of a mothering instinct in the first place is silly. Do you have any idea how many mothers eat their young in the wild? Or how many mothers are abusive in our own society? "Mothering" and being nurturing is something learned, not a base instinct. And this is definitely a massive generalization. The person you're replying to didn't say it's HER mothering instinct, they implied it's the reason why women in general are left-leaning. That's definitely an absurd oversimplification of the women in the world.
Paying the bill and getting your food to go is definitely reasonable! I certainly don't think it would be fair to say you should just waste that money, nor should you stiff your servers lol. It sounds like you know what you're doing when it comes do handling her being fussy in public. It's nice, and I for one appreciate it.
I think you're a very good people-parent :)
I've had a FWB. It was great and I'd do it again. It was very low pressure, and we both understood that there were no deeper emotions at play. What was key was that we were actually *friends* with benefits. We'd grab a drink together. We'd talk about our day. We'd heckle the tv while watching a stupid movie. Yes, we had sex, but that wasn't the only thing our interactions revolved around. I think there's a tendency to treat a FWB like a multi-night ONS, and that doesn't appeal to me at all. I want the friendship part! If I don't like a guy enough to hang out with him, I don't want to have sex with him. *ETA:* In terms of how to broach the topic, I definitely wouldn't want a friend just suddenly ask me for sex. There has to be existing chemistry, and not just a little spark either. If so, one person can flirt and see if the other reciprocates. It should flow from there just like it would with anyone else, plus a 'nothing serious' conversation at some point.
I think there's a misunderstanding here. The skin treatment can harm a fetus, so requiring a woman to use the BC pill is *preventative* to make sure that doesn't happen. It is highly unlikely OP'S girlfriend is pregnant.
&gt;I should have broken up with her then. No kidding. But hopefully you left her shortly after that?
Damn. Well, I'm glad you're happy now. If nothing else, a shitty relationship makes you really appreciate appreciating people afterwards.
&gt; I've seen women trying to invalidate the problem by saying it's equal to that of having small tits. Which it most definitely is not. I obviously haven't seen the specific interactions you're referencing, so maybe they were invalidating or saying it's 100% the same. **Still, I find a lot of people get upset over the mere comparison. I think that's a mistake, and I'd like to note why** in case this comparison has previously upset you/others reading. Because while they aren't exactly equal, they're certainly comparable. I'll also note that it's the closest approximation most women have to try and relate with. A lot of the experiences have a common thread: feeling less like a (wo)man, being mocked, feeling ashamed or insecure or unattractive. Also, from a purely strategic perspective, encouraging empathy is an useful tool to make people aware of how hurtful small dick jokes etc can be. Just because there are procedures now doesn't make this invalid. Many people can't afford a boob job, so the existence of the procedure doesn't make it an accessible option or one which can improve their life/self image in any way. And others, like myself, don't consider it an option because the results are often unappealing and there are serious health risks - similar penile enlargement surgery, but those risks are much more common and more pronounced so this isn't a reasonable option at all. I don't know what it's like to be a guy with a small penis any more than you know what it's like to have small breasts. I do know that neither is something people should be disdained for. I'll add that I think the cumulative effects of having a small penis are worse than those of having small breasts. Both affect sex and body image, but having a small penis affects sex in a much more central and thus more significant way. Still, they have marked similarities so the comparison isn't intended as invalidating. **TL;DR: having small breasts is more similar to having a small dick than it is different. It's like comparing a moderate and a severe expression of the same disease: yes, they aren't the same in terms of treatment plan or life impact, but they are hardly unrelated or incomparable.** **So I agree that saying they're 100% identical is incorrect, but I believe saying they're comparable expressions of the same issue is valid.**
Entertaining the idea that a fetus is an equal life to a fully sentient person, could I see their point? Sure. But still I think it has some severe flaws. /u/Little_Lion noted that, life or not, we are under no obligation to allow our bodies to be used as hosts against out will. You countered with a newborn being dependant, but I don't think that's the same thing. By actually birthing the child, we are accepting responsibility - it's not forced on us. Also, we can easily pass that responsibility off (ie: adoption) if we want to walk away, and what happens to the newborn after that is not our concern. But here's the thing: bodily autonomy is key in our society. Even if the fetus is not is a life, but a *legally recognized person* I don't have to use my body to keep it alive. I can't remember who, but an author noted that if you were forcibly hooked up to another adult, with your organs keeping that person alive, you could disconnect and walk away if you chose - and you'd be morally clear even if that person dies as a result. Because every person gets to choose how his or her body is used, regardless of the effects. How is abortion different just because it's a new life? Additionally, this lack of an obligation to use our bodies to prolong another's life means that we cannot even take organs from corpses to use for transplants, despite it not harming one person and saving the other. Pregnancy, on the other hand, can significantly harm the mother, and she's still alive so using her body against her will is a much greater trespass than using organs against a now-corpse's last wishes. So ultimately, no, I don't think this march has any credibility. They want to create an exception to bodily integrity, which is an important part of free society. Yet this situation is no different than so many other scenarios they aren't arguing for similar exceptions in. This makes women less important than a non-sentient fetus...and even less important than a corpse, for no discernable difference. That's why I call people with this belief "pro-birthers" because the thought process is too flawed to consider "pro-life." I have to say, all of this makes me so fucking glad I'm Canadian. I like being a valued person in my own right.
Sure, but don't feel obligated to. I wasn't trying to rope you into a debate, I just wanted to present a different POV for you to consider. That's all. Have a good night.
Thank you. And I actually typed my comment on mobile! But I'm pretty fast at texting, and I'm pretty opinionated about this topic. I can understand the reservations people may have if they believe a fetus is a complete person. But ultimately, given the values our society is founded upon and holds up as important, I don't think pro-birth arguments are compatible with how we have weighted life and autonomy. On a different note, I really appreciate how civil you've been in reading and responding to several of these comments. It's a heated topic, but you've managed to challenge people's beliefs without being rude.
Also, not just Americans - this happens in Canada too. So young *North* Americans would be more accurate. European style dating seems to make so much more sense than our dating apps and unspoken rules...
Huh, that's interesting. Here, if you knew the person already then ask them out in real life, the majority will assume exclusivity. But dating apps swing very hard in the other direction, at least for the 20s age group. With apps, if you meet online there's no expectation of exclusivity at first (or even any guarantee the person wants a relationship and not just sex).
Yes, that's right! I'd actually forgotten about that.
&gt;Until I had kids I never understood what it meant to love someone so much I'd die for them. You wouldn't die for your SO? I understand loving your kids that much, that's great and understandable. But this sentiment seems sad/lonely to me, like the person saying it just lacks other loving relationships. It shouldn't take someone having children to be willing to sacrifice him-/herself, someone should want to make that sacrifice for anyone they love. That should include a SO.
Save the parents and ask for a new, improved sister? :p Or save the sister, and hope the trauma was a wakeup call that makes her a better person and brings the two of you closer.
Hunting for food: no. Sport/trophy hunting: hell yes. Hunting while drinking: yes, because that's stupid. Hunting picture on your dating profile: yes, because I'm trying to decide if I'm sexually attracted to you. You posing with a dead animal and bloody snow does not make me feel attracted.
Oh hey, there's an [online resource](http://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/09/14/keep-going/) for that! It's like Snopes.com for quotes. &gt; The earliest evidence located by QI appeared in a religious context in the October 30, 1943 issue of the “Christian Science Sentinel” journal of Boston, Massachusetts. &gt; Winston Churchill died in 1965, and QI has found no substantive evidence that he used the expression. Attributions to him appeared only many years after his death. There are two popular variants containing the phrases “keep going” or “don’t stop”, and neither has been found in the writings or speeches of Churchill.
I hover. Sitting in a public bathroom disgusts me, and it isn't at all difficult to hover. Also, covering the seat in a layer of toilet paper like some people do before sitting is inconvenient and wasteful to me. And before someone accuses me of being the reason why public toilets are gross, which always happens on this sub, I'm not. I've never had issues with spraying and making a mess for the next person, and the few times I did get a couple drops on the seat I cleaned it up. I just don't want to deal with other people's grossness.
Do you bake or fry the pretzels?
I disagree. Ideally (to me), marriage should be cementing an already healthy, fully functional relationship. Which means those details should be negotiated and settled before that final step is taken. The same goes with finances. And an inability or unwillingness to resolve the division of labour in a mutually agreeable way is sonething that would make me seriously question a relationship. It can cause incredible amounts of resentment, and I've seen older couples fail because it was the final straw which caused one person to get fed up. I want to know if it's an issue before the only way to walk away involves actual divorce proceedings.
Wow. That sound like hell. I don't really know what to say other than its a good thing you finally got out of that situation, and I'm glad your current girlfriend is nothing like that ex. And I was wondering about everything mentioned in your pre-answered questions, so that was a nice addition to your comment.
Generally? Income difference. If one person makes more, 50% isn't all that fair - especially if the person who makes more also likes more expensive dates, like sushi dinners. Then having to cover half of an expense you'd never accrue yourself is a hardship. But in the comment, he said she has the same job. So as long as they have the same pay, and circumstances mean they have around the same disposable income, there's no real reason she can't pay half. *Edit:* typo
I have to disagree with this comment. If I wanted to have sex with someone I thought was one the same page and wanting a relationship with me, and instead he just wanted sex but nothing else, I'd definitely feel used or tricked. Sex isn't just about the physical act for some people. If I thought there was a connection but instead was just being lead on until he got laid, it doesn't matter that I wanted sex with him. I'd feel used or tricked because I didn't want that *kind* of sex, even with him. Context matters.
Ohhhh, whoops, that was my misunderstanding then! Sorry, rereading your comment I see what you were saying. Yes, communication is essential.
&gt; I've had countless women change their minds about dating me after a few fuck sessions. I was looking for long term, they were, but it didn't work out. It happens. I don't feel used. They just weren't feeling it or the sex wasn't to their liking. Were you deceived by them? That's what OP is trying to avoid (see her comments). It's also what *my* comment is about, where I said if I was "just being lead on" I would feel tricked and used. If not, then no, of course you shouldn't feel used just because a relationship didn't work out. That's an entirely different scenario, and not one that is comparable to what I mentioned. If OP (or anyone else) is lead on, then someone intentionally tricked them to get sex. They are then perfectly justified in being upset and feeling used, because that's exactly what happened. If you wouldn't feel that way, fine - but it doesn't change that it makes sense to feel used or tricked when someone misleads you into doing something you otherwise wouldn't do. &gt; Women just have the notion that there value is also tied into their sex. Like they're losing something tangible. And men just have the notion that there is value intrinsically tied into their dicks. We can criticize and stereotype the opposite gender for days, but I see no point to doing so. This statement isn't relevant. It isn't about losing something intangible when you have sex...my comment and OP's comments are about being mislead. When you act thinking two people are on the same page and learn that the other person wasn't truthful, then yes, you can be upset about it. And that isn't irrational. &gt; Most guys don't want to have sex one time with a person. Even the guys that don't want a relationship usually want a no strings attached sex partner. &gt; Not many guys are hammering notches in their belts for the sake of it, especially so as they get older. Again...what is the relevance of this? Did you mean to reply to someone else? Because none of this pertains to my comment. Also, it seems like your points contradict one another. "Notches in your belt" usually refers to getting lots of casual sex/having many partners, so your second statement may be undermined by the previous one. More importantly, *it doesn't matter if he wants a NSA partner.* It matters if someone deceives her into thinking he wants a relationship when he actually wants a NSA partner. That's literally what my entire comment is about. &gt; All you can do is use your intuition. Honestly, this is the only part of your comment I think is actually relevant and useful. Sadly, there is no guaranteed way of knowing if someone is leading your on, so you just have to trust your gut and only get as intimate as you're comfortable with. *Edit:* typo
You're welcome! I get why you posted here because you're trying to get into this guy's head a bit, but ultimately...no one here can help you with that. It comes down to this guy as an individual, and you know best out of anyone here if he's worth your time and trust. But because of the nature of the question, you're basically trying to get men to answer it from a woman's POV. Without similar experiences, you essentially are speaking a different language because you're looking at the situation from an entirely different perspective. You're asking about protecting yourself, and while some men here can relate and are sympathetic, it's understandable that so many translate "waiting for sex without him losing interest" into "playing games" and think about times when someone treated them like that. Really, it comes down to two questions: 1) do you think he's a good person? If so, you should be able to trust he's been upfront with you instead of leading you on. 2) are you comfortable with one another? If so, there seems to be mutual interest and instead of deciding about waiting for sex or not you just have sex when it feels right.
I'd say it's probably true for the commenter, but not for most women. The majority care about physical attraction, and a key part of that is appearance. Like you, I wouldn't consider this shallow (unless appearance is the *only* thing someone cares about). Personally, I agree with you, I call people with great personalities who I'm not physically attracted to "friends." Sexual chemistry is the difference between friends and a potential lover.
Come bearing a gift of chocolate, and you can stay as long as you'd like.
I used to fly fairly often for business reasons, which means I needed to bring multiple suits with me. I found that if I pack it [like this](https://youtu.be/EX4_12Cqgj0) and hung it up for the night at the hotel, my suits stayed wrinkle free!
Agreed, the other two could be interesting as stories about flawed people rather than as a plot for a romantic story. But if OP actually wants it to be a romantic fanfic, A all the way.
I mean, I think they're both awful if you're thinking about it just from a romantic fanfic POV! But I think C is worse than B just from the standpoint of being a boring plot. B at least has the potential, as you described it, to be interesting albeit not romantic. Here is the worst part of B: &gt; You reject her a few more times until you grant her to be used by you a few times. And here is the worst part of C: &gt; she keeps rejecting you and you start loving/desiring her more and more when she is near. Then you are forced to admit that you love her, but she rejects you yet you keep seeing her and she sometimes makes you believe she likes you back but you think you will never stand a chance in reality (even though that isn't true only you'll never find out) So B's awfulness seems different. It's abusive and unromantic, but interesting. Like if you can just put up with it and read through it, you might get to a halfway decent fanfiction. I mean, it's one sided and manipulative, and involves using someone for sex...so it sounds like it would be an abusive relationship! But I think it could be interesting to read. **NOTE:** I think B would make a depressing plot for a romance. But what I'm saying is that it could be a somewhat interesting way to look at flawed people and a broken, abusive relationship. Situation C on the other hand...is just depressing and not particularly interesting. It's just about playing hard to get, only that behaviour never ends. There's no happily ever after (or even anything romantic at all), and it's not as interesting as examining an abusive relationship. So it's just really goddamn immature, coupled with being repetitive in the plot. I'd probably keep reading waiting for it to get better, then realize *that's all the story is about* and be thoroughly irritated that I wasted time reading that. The only way I can see C being worth reading is if you, like B, leave behind the concept of a romance and write if from a "flawed person" perspective (such as a twist where it's not a romance, but the lead character is actually stalking the other person and you're examining his/her warped perception and twisted interpretation of romance/relationships). Hope that helps explain my opinion! If you don't mind me asking a question of my own...why do you see A as being a boring plot? Do you prefer romantic stories where the drama comes solely from the characters themselves, and not from their lives, external factors, or things they have to overcome? To me, you wrote A extremely simply, and you glossed over everything that makes that type of plot into an extremely successful romantic framework used in various forms of media (not to mention real life). Also, do you prefer Situations B or C in your real life, over A?
If I'm reading this correctly, you're essentially pro-life because you feel that there are other, non-abortion options which are preferable. This makes me wonder where you stand when a woman doesn't use those options because she didn't know she should? Not everyone knows when their birth control fails (it isn't always as dramatic as a broken condom). So, they don't know pregnancy is a possibility! Which means they didn't know Plan B was necessary. In those situations, it isn't about the mother's life being endangered. But there was also no real alternative available to her. So, would you be pro-choice or pro-life in those situations?
The pill is the birth control that works best for me. I'm not willing to risk the side efects of the Depo shot, I don't want a foreign object in my body, and I don't want to be stuck with awful, long-term side effects if I change BC methods. My pill *works.* I have absolutely no side effects! My period is great. My hormone levels are normal. Why would I risk that and start messing around with a different method? Like everyone is saying, people are unreliable not the pill. I set alarms, and make sure to take it on time. I'm educated about anything that can reduce effectiveness. I insist on a condom if I have any reason for concern. I'm not a fence sitter, I'm simply using a method which works well for my body. The pill most certainly is a serious form of birth control, and it's frankly absurd of you to judge women as non-CF just because we're on the pill. Also, an implant is not more serious! It lasts, what, 3-5 years depending on the type? A lot of non-CF people, fence sitters, or people who want kids in a few years use implants because they simply want to delay pregnancy rather than prevent it entirely. So if an implant vs a pill is your litmus test for CF-ness, that's completely illogical.
Given that, you probably made the right choice regardless. Your worst case scenario here is him getting poked by a string for a little while or you having to make another appointment to get the strings shortened. Neither of those are very serious compared to an unwanted pregnancy because your memory issues made you miss taking a BC pill! You made the right decision for you.
Ah, my roommate is like this! My area is sketchy too, its a pretty common occurrence for police to attend a call near our building. Our solution was a lot tamer though. We got a fancy lock accessory and synced it to his phone. Now the door automatically unlocks as he approaches *and locks behind him.* It's beautiful.
I'm the same way! I'm careful to date people with a strong enough personality to hold their own though, so things work out pretty equal. I should start saying this too.
I've been in a similar position actually. It's not my dream position, but it's in pursuit of my dream career. And my career just wasn't compatible with his career/the life he wanted. I left. If I'd stayed, I would have resented him. **My career is essential to my happiness, and I won't give my happiness up for anyone.** *To answer your edit:* I know he would've made the same decision. In a way, I guess he did. Technically we could've stayed together and I pursue my dream if he gave up his dream. But since that's equally horrible in reverse I'm glad he didn't.
Except...it partly is. Because that partner often could have made changes instead. It's because s/he didn't that the choice became necessary.
That's not at all true. There are many people with similar personalities and priorities - as long as our goals are harmonious instead of competing, there's success rather than wreckage. It's a simple concept, and colloquially referred to as a "power couple" dynamic. I've had several wonderful, loving relationships, and I expect that trend to continue. I can have my career *and* a relationship - I just wont stay with someone who wants me to give that up. But there are many other supportive men out there who would never require such a sacrifice of me. Honestly, your comment is a pretty shitty one. It's like saying "if you love your spouse please never have kids, you'll ignore the spouse and leave your marriage a disaster." Or, "if you love your family you shouldn't work, your kids/spouse deserve your full attention." It's okay to want to do something fulfilling outside of your relationship. And it's okay to refuse to give up whatever it is that you love doing - whether that's work, volunteering, a hobby, or whatever. The goal is a relationship which allows you to feel whole and fulfilled in all ways, and that's an entirely realistic goal. So, if you've been burned (because you sound bitter and you're making sweeping generalities), I'm sorry for that. But your comment was a shitty thing to say, and is blind to a lot of positive realities.
Sure, that's a possibility. Or, you could stay and something equally horrible could happen to your relationship. Your SO could cheat, you could fall out of love, your SO could change his/her mind about wanting kids, s/he could divorce you... **That dream relationship could also become a nightmare which leaves you anxious and destroys your self-esteem.** The point is, we don't know. That's why life choices are so difficult. All you can do is figure out your priorities. You decide what you need most to be happy (for me, I need my career more than a relationship) and you make decisions accordingly. Things might not work out...but it seems idealistic to act like the other decision may not have similar issues. So sure, be skeptical of dream careers. But I'd be equally skeptical about relationships. Neither one comes with guarantees - that's why you just have to focus on what is most likely to leave you happy.
Oh man. We were together over 5 years by the time I left, and I was a few years older than you. Never feel like you're "in too deep" to make a change if you need it. Question is: what do you need? Could you be happy without your SO? Would you still feel fulfilled without this particular job? Good luck sorting out your priorities. If you want to chat with someone who has been through this situation, feel free to PM me.
&gt; If I had a women's clothing line, I'd just advertise it as having functional pockets. I'd make millions. No kidding. I'd be so happy if I could just have clothes that looks nice and is functional! Also, if you specifically advertised dresses with pockets your line would be very popular. I get soooooo excited when I find a nice dress with pockets!
She could just be like me and feel uncomfortable having a phone call with someone she hasn't met yet. (A video call would be *so much worse,* I wouldn't agree to that at all.) If she isn't willing to meet up but remains active and seems interested...that's odd. But if she's just reluctant to chat with a stranger (whether phone or video), that's actually fairly normal. There are a lot of us out there.
Um, loving someone (and being monogamous) may mean you don't care if other people find you attractive...but it doesn't mean you don't care how you present yourself to the world! I absolutely care how I look to my employer, colleagues, and clients. A relationship shouldn't change that. I'm still going to want to present myself in a professional light.
Yep. Not only are the guys more attractive, but...they're guys. I'm straight, having a woman in the scene does nothing for me. So it makes sense to prefer twice as much of what you like. Also, straight porn tends to be made for male audiences, so it contains too much nasty shit (for me). I don't enjoy being surprised by dealbreakers like random degradation or an "I can't believe I'm fucking my brother!" Gay man porn (while also mostly for male audiences I assume) doesn't seem as bad for that. So I can actually get into it without a huge turnoff that wasn't listed surprising me.
That's not a great approach to take, especially for this issue. There's a biologically set timeline. For her, she won't be able to have kids indefinitely. Women aren't fertile forever. After one or two of these longterm passive relationships, she may not be able to carry a child. So it makes sense to not waste her childbearing years with someone who is incompatible (or just not ready). Personally I'm childfree, but even to me it makes complete sense why your laidback approach is less attractive than a guy who actually knows what he wants. For you, older sperm increases the risk of birth defects. While you remain fertile, albeit with less sperm produced, your sperm becomes increasingly defective due to mutations. Being passive like you describe literally puts you at higher risk of being defective, and of passing that on to your child. Even if you eventually decide you want kids, you're now risking a lot more than someone who bothered to figure out his life. I also consider passive people to be lazy/uncommitted, but maybe that's just my bias. I don't understand people who can't be bothered to figure out something as important as their own life!
&gt; People let their partners "have power over them" all the time in relationships. It's called making a compromise, Are you actually saying an ultimatum and a compromise is the same? Because they're not. Compromises are normal while many people consider ultimatums to be dealbreakers. And yes, people let their partners have power over them all the time. In doing so, they're trusting their partner...*and part of that is trusting their partner to not abuse that power.* Look at how a (healthy!) BDSM relationship works. Excluding prior discussions, the dom is being trusted to push the sub's boundaries - but to not cross them, or to do anything which will be negative. There's a power dynamic but the sub's trust is reciprocated by the dom not abusing that power. &gt; if you think its possible to have a relationship where both partners get to do everything they want all the time, then you obviously haven't been in many relationships. I think compromises are reasonable, and that power should always be executed with respect for the other person in mind. If you can't see the value of that, or the difference between it and an ultimatum, I'd suggest *you* haven't been in many relationships. Or at least, not many healthy ones. *Edit:* corrected autocorrect
&gt; control over when to tell the police was the only thing I thought I had control over. Damn. That adds another layer of complexity to the many reasons why people hide abuse. I never thought about it like that. Thanks for sharing. I'm glad your friend was able to help you!
&gt; one thing she does is go on those websites where rich older men pay her for sex. Hm. Until this comment I figured you should probably just leave it be. But...if she and your friend don't use condoms and she's sleeping with randoms? Your friend's health is being risked. How do you know she does this? Does she have some sort of escort profile you could send him a link to? I agree with the general consensus that a vague, mysterious warning is pretty useless. You need to include some sort of proof or specific allegation. Without that, you'd may as not send it at all.
As a small-chested woman...yep. It's my main body insecurity. I've even made a point of going braless in a dress when going on a date with someone I wanted to have sex with. That way, he knew exactly what he'd be getting before any clothes come off. Otherwise, with non-padded bras being a rare unicorn to find, it can be a lot like penis size where there's a surprise reveal and disappointment. I will say that shitty people who make those comments are much more common online though. I've never actually met someone that rude in person
Okay, so ask yourself the same question you just asked about her. Why are you dating someone you're not that interested in? Maybe she takes things slow or maybe she has a similar reason for sticking around. ETA: based on your other comments, she's probably just slow to open up to a stranger. I'm the same way, it takes me a while. It may have been several dates, but technically you've spent less than a day or two together - she may just not be comfortable yet.
Sounds delicious! Just a couple ideas, but if you want extra crispy potatoes I find how you boil them matters. Try tossing the potatoes into ready boiling salted water instead of starting them in cold water. (I'm not sure which you did here.) And here's the weird part...add a 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda to the water. It'll make the water alkaline which breaks down the potato and makes for a super crispy surface!
The baking soda trick also works amazingly well if you want to roast potato wedges instead. I loooove when they're crunchy on the outside but still fluffy inside! I hadn't thought to add black pepper to the water though. I'll have to try that myself sometime! I usually just add salt and a couple garlic cloves I poked slits in with a knife.
&gt; Unexpected as in she just ran up and hugged me? If she is drunk I'd probably return the hug and then walk away Funny enough, this is basically how my friend met her husband. Her weird quirk is that she becomes very attracted to geometric patterns when she drinks. While at a bar, she ran up to a guy in a patterned shirt and gave him a surprise hug while complimenting his shirt. He thought she was cute but very drunk, so he laughed and continued on his way. Turns out, they were in the same wedding party the next day and her embarrassed apology for the shirt molestation broke the ice. She's five foot nothing and super curvy. The mental image of this tiny Irish woman going "ahh, he's wearing patterns!!" and jumping into this bewildered guy's arms makes me laugh :p
If someone sends you one, please PM it to me? It sounds like this was a hilariously awful comment.
Hahaha!! Oh, that's fantastic. What's with all the different names for sex? (Tricky-slippy is my favourite btw.) And why is it all about having sex only? Thank you so much for tagging me! 😅
I saw, thanks. It was an incredibly clueless comment that I had to laugh at.
Obviously I don't know you, but it sounds like you're a "good on paper but bad in person" type. 30 first dates with no second dates is a lot when it's someone attractive (physically and in terms of having a life plan). That says you can definitely get your foot in the door, but you can't form a connection. You say you're good-looking and have a life carved out for yourself. Congrats, you check the boxes on paper. That mostly just leaves your social skills and dating personality. What do you have that's more substantial? Are you interesting to talk to and personable? Do you have hobbies or anything else adding richness to your life? If not, all those checked boxes sound...dull, 2D. If your dates can't connect to you as a person, there's no incentive to spend more time with you in any relationship capacity. &gt; How do I keep them interested? How do you showcase the parts of you that are interesting instead of just the checked boxes? How do you connect with people - shared passions or experiences? Are you eliminating interest by behaving in a pushy or otherwise undesirable way? *Edit:* last line
Ohhh, so co-workers want to video chat with you essentially? I thought you meant a third party (like your IT or security) department wanted something on to monitor the conversation.
I do too, it isn't a guy thing lol. Some people just like being aware of their surroundings.
Good on you for asking them, that can be tough. I'm glad they responded. I figured that was the issue but it's good to have it confirmed. I'm seeing two main issues from your replies in this thread. The first is that you keep saying women who agree to say you are "calling your bluff" because it's so unexpected to you. The second is that you apparently go from a pre-date charming to someone with the personality of a pet rock. For the first one, they're not "calling your bluff." If you're good-looking, established, and normally have a pleasing personality...you aren't bluffing. I'm not sure how deep this "ugly duckling" mindset goes, but you need to address it. If you can't see a reason for them to date you, you're going to continue acting in ways which makes them reconsider it too. If it's a serious self esteem problem, talk to someone. If it's a minor hangup, take steps to counter it. Make a list of all your good qualities - not just the materialistic stuff you listed here, but your interests, aspects of your personality, and anything else you bring to the table. Forget dating women for a moment and just list why someone would want to be your friend. Then read that list to yourself before going on a date. In terms of being a pet rock on the date, maybe change your approach. Now you know you need to be more engaged so that's the first part. The "how" is tricky, but it seems like you clam up because you put pressure on yourself. Try walking into the date as if you're having coffee with a good friend. If that's asking too much, keep it simple: smile, greet them warmly, and immediately jump into conversation. It can be as simple as asking how their week went. If the conversation lags, don't default to an interrogation or silence. Instead, say, "hey, random question" then ask an icebreaker like "where would you go if you could fly anywhere in the world right now?" to open a new line of conversation. If neither of you are into travel, food, or culture I suggest you find your own question though lol. The point is, you should try and treat a date as a low-pressure experiment. See if that's something that works for you. Bonus, this "friends" approach is usually very refreshing and disarming since most people do date interview questions, so keep the general concept in mind even if you become more confident. Just remember: you should aim to each talk 50% of the time. No one can connect with you if you're not giving them something to work with. Also, since I've already jumped into giving tons of advice I'd may as well add one more point...stop assuming you're "a thing"/a couple just from the first date. Although, even if you were, why would you then stop trying to relate to her? Relationships where one person stops trying...fail. The reality is that it'll always take work. More than that, this assumption is a pretty shitty one because everyone wants to be wanted. If you don't put in any effort because you assume you're "a thing" (whatever that means), you're not showing any signs you're actually interested in that date. No one will want to be with you if they think you're settling for them instead of actually wanting them. So yes, you absolutely need to converse and interact interact with them - no "I guess" about it. I hope some of that was helpful. You sound pretty nice in your different replies here actually, just really inexperienced. So treat your next few dates as practice, and make a point of (a) remembering why their interest in you is legitimate and (b) using an 'already friends' approach to take the pressure off, engage more/talk 50% of the time, and give dates a way to connect. Good luck!
Yep, exactly. Having a blank profile just says there's literally nothing interesting about him as a person. That, or he's incredibly lazy or doesn't give a shit. All of those qualities are left swipes. I'm looking for someone I'm attracted to AND find interesting.
I mostly agree with profile_judge, especially about making the bio more specific. I'd get rid of the drama comment entirely though. It's negative, and no amount of rephrasing will fix that. Also, dramatic people don't think they're the source of drama, they blame everyone else. So this comment accomplishes nothing, and will likely rub people you'd otherwise hit it off with the wrong way. Also, I think your last two pics should go. The second last one because a lot guys who do gym pics fit into a rather unflattering stereotype, and you probably don't want those assumptions made about you. Also, it's unnecessary (you're obviously in good shape in the other pics) and your profile has too many selfies. The very last pic is just unflattering. The tucked in shirt doesn't look very good on you, and the pic adds no value or interest to your profile. Other than that, it's a good profile. You definitely have the right idea with your write-up, just offer a bit more detail to personalize it.
I can so relate to this. My regular stylist is on mat leave and nowhere else cuts it right at first! I need a couple weeks each time just to feel normal. Have you ever tried [Colorseal Conditioner](https://images.contentful.com/g8qtv9gzg47d/image_post_77577/4517933b7c6909e42fcab97945e88cd4/Slider_1_-_The_World_s_Best_Deep_Conditioner_Is_Hiding_From_You_In_Plain_Sight) before? I get it from friends who use Nice &amp; Easy dye, but you can get it separately. It's *incredible.* I use a small amount as a deep conditioner after towel drying my hair, and I leave it in overnight. It makes my hair extremely soft and speeds up grow time. It might be just what you need right now if you have two weeks before the wedding!
Eh, it only happens when he drinks coffee. I think the culprit here is simply his dietary choices (caffeine intake) rather than something medical. It's definitely not normal though, and it sounds pretty uncomfortable to have your digestive system acting up frequently. I was absolutely horrified for the first week of living with him. With one shit, he uses more toilet paper than my entire period! Btw, if you think you may actually have IBS it's worth talking to your doctor. Sometimes you can manage or counter the effects with meds or lifestyle changes depending on severity. You, too, can life a less shitty life! (I really wish that line was an IBS advertisement line...)
Jeez, what is your problem? I'm clarifying because you misunderstood -and continue to wilfully misunderstand- my comment. None of that is backpedaling. If I was with someone who wanted the majority of my attention at a social outting I would feel smothered by him. That's a fact about ME. You're claiming I passed a judgement on the OP, and the simple truth is that I did not. That's your error and your failure to understand - not me backpedaling. *Edit:* typo
Not calling the men and/or women you have sex with "bodies" would be a good improvement to start with...
&gt; smile and say, "hey thanks for that, it's really nice. Maybe I can buy you coffee next time". Or, better yet, "I'll buy someone else's coffee tomorrow." Still just as nice, but completely not awkward since it can't be taken as a date invitation. Either way, just a little appreciation for a kind gesture is all that most people do. It shouldn't have been weird. *Edit:* typo
This is the first comment here I actually don't understand. What's the point of doing that?
I don't get this often anymore since I no longer work in the service industry and am no longer in university. But when I did, I liked to give them a flat, deadpan look and reply, "Say something funny first." It puts them on the spot instead of me. Also, it kind of gets at the point that I'm not going to smile without a reason to do so.
&gt; Annual flowers: I want to buy all the million bells and have them in pots all over the place. And all the coleus variations. And all the moss roses. And all the lantana. I couldn't think of anything I particularly enjoy buying until your comment. I love to garden so I'm in heaven buying plants! I can spend waaaaaay too long browsing the various herbs, planning how I'll pair them in planters, trying to find the healthiest plant...it's great. Btw, someone just gave me a *tiny* coleus seedling. It's just starting to open up and grow, and I can finally start to see a nice pink tone on the inner leaf! So pretty.
Please do! Though I'll warn you that it's tough not to smirk when they get a "huh?" expression lol.
Yes, exactly this. I don't do drinks on a first date. I'm not comfortable with that, he's a stranger still. If I offer alternatives (coffee, dessert cafe, etc) and he shoots them down because there's no alcohol, he'd seem very pushy to me. And I'd be creeped out too because of wonder why exactly he only wanted to meet if we drank. Either he's alcoholic or he wants me to not be thinking clearly. Nope nope nope. &gt; Why does it have to be a bar? Just because it's more likely to be sex, in your mind? This seems to be a common train of thought. It's also exactly why I avoid going for drinks on a first date. People suddenly get so much pushier about sex asap! Also, they're often more focused on that than on trying to connect. I find coffee/food dates are better quality. So yeah...I would've shot OP down too. Those alarm bells seem justified to me.
I love this response :)
Um...got a source for that? At a glance, Google calls that a myth. (The "more saliva" part, not the claim that it's fun lol. I don't enjoy just spitting, but I've spat enough watermelon seeds to get the concept.)
Yep, this is it for me. I'm well aware most people like compliments, and that this includes many men. But unless I'm (a) dating him or (b) close enough friends he knows I'm not flirting...I'm not going to compliment him. It just gets awkward fast because then I have to go from, "hm, I want to say something nice" to "oh, no, I'm not interested in you, sorry." Side note: the loophole is to give "drive by compliments" as I call them. If I compliment a guy as I'm walking away he generally doesn't read much into it because I'm clearly not sticking around. (Or maybe he still does think its flirting? But if so I'm gone before he can make things uncomfortable so whatever.)
&gt; The only two women I've been in a relationship aced like taking me out on a date meant going to get fast food and me paying for it. Well, that's just sad. Funny enough, I posted about something similar recently. My boyfriend had been away for work, so I told him I'd take him out for dinner when he got back. I chose the restaurant, made the reservations, picked him up, and ordered a few expensive dishes. When the bill came...he still reached for his wallet! I burst out laughing because damn, how horrible would I be to ask him out and choose a fancy on the expectation that he'd pay? It seemed ridiculous to me. I think he was a little uncomfortable with me paying (because I make a lot less right now, nothing gendered), but he seemed to enjoy a date where he didn't have to plan a thing. (Btw, hi - I saw your post below so I have to add that I'm Canadian too.)
Haha! I promise, no catcalling is involved. What I mean is that if I was chatting with a guy, I wouldn't compliment him then. I'd wait until I was packing up my stuff to go. I also make a point of saying the compliment in an off-hand way before leaving. For example, as I'm gathering my files to head back to the office I'll say something like, "Oh, by the way, I like the new haircut. It looks good on you." Then I'll keep walking away. Between me leaving and my tone/delivery being so casual, it would be tough for anyone to think I'm hinting I'm interested (I hope).
Ohhhh yeah, you definitely weren't describing it right. It sounded like you lick her the way a dog licks a face... But yes, the light brush against her lip while kissing make a lot more sense! (And I like doing that to my boyfriend too.) *edit:* typo
I do! It's the ideal method. I don't want to have cold milk on the morning, that's not enjoyable. My dad is the same, but he does cereal first and microwaves the whole thing...resulting in soggy cereal. It's gross. With milk first, you can just nuke the milk on its own. Also, I don't like being left with a bowl of milk after my cereal. Ideally, there's almost no milk by the time my cereal is finished. Adding milk first lets me see exactly how much I'm pouring, and I don't have to blindly guess until the milk level is visible above the cereal, at which point I've added an undesirable amount of milk. So yeah, milk first is best /u/UniqueMemoir!
How can you say "regardless of your band size" when that's an essential component? You can't just disregard it. &gt; DDD is still about +6", G +7". If you see true DDDs No. There is no "true" cup size. DDD and G+ are most commonly those sizes because 6 or 7 inches is the common difference between the band and bust measurements. **It doesn't actually mean that's how big a DDD or a G+ cup is, it's just an approximation based on common body proportions.** &gt; If you see ~~true~~ DDDs and Gs, you will realize that it's an incredibly common cup size to have. Well, it is a common cup size, but only because it can be achieved different ways. Someone can still have a different body type and technically get the same result. That's not really relevant to your comment or my correction though. **Cup size is determined by subtracting band size from a bust measurement.** You need both to get a cup size. That's why the result is so variable. I suppose implants themselves may be categorized by letters only, I'm not a plastic surgeon. But not only would it be an arbitrary categorization for convenience, it doesn't dictate what the cup size will be post surgery...because, again, you need to factor band size in. So it makes no sense to hazard a guess about the average breast size of a woman, with or without implants, using only the letter to indicate cup size. *I'll add that I wouldn't usually post this much about breasts, but it bothers me that you corrected misinformation with further misinformation. Despite the Reddit phenomenon of just using letters, that's not how breast size works.*
Yes, exactly! /u/breakfastburritotime, maybe this will make sense to you because my explanation clearly didn't. You asked how someone who isn't a "certain bra size can still achieve it." No, I wasn't referring to breast surgery or stuffing. I was talking about the interplay between bust measurement and band size, where two different sized breasts can fit the same bra. It's the concept behind sister sizing. Different measurements can add up to the same cup result. *Edit:* username
Oops! Sorry, you have a similar username... Hope you enjoyed the bpob discussion lol.
&gt; My financial independence is something I worked hard for. It's important to me and I'm very proud of it, and that pride makes me feel a bit uncomfortable letting you pay for me - even if you can easily afford it. &gt; It's important that a relationship is a relationship between equals, and paying my own way is my way of feeling equal in the relationship. Well...damn. Where were you two months ago when I had to have this talk with my boyfriend? I was much less eloquent as I tried to explain why I didn't want him always paying despite him making over twice as much right now. This is very well said.
By being large and looking angry. By appearing to be physically aggressive. By having neck/face tattoos and looking like he's known to the police. Same goes with looking like he has gang affiliations like wearing their colours etc. *ETA:* OP, do you mean "intimidate" in the mild "make people flustered" way, or the "scary and fearing harm" way? I obviously took it as the second.
Well yeah...thankfully! It would be a sad world if this was an accurate representation. But I don't see the point behind your comment, sorry. OP is a man (presumably) on reddit so it seemed appropriate to bring up. And I never said either stereotype was common in real life - I specifically said they're perpetuated on reddit. In fact, my point was that they're commonly perpetuated in the same space despite one contradicting the other, yet this contradiction is ignored or accepted.
...Okay? What part of my comment were you responding to? If it's the correction: maternal = mother, so you're asking about behaviour towards *her* kids, not *his or her* kids. If it's my response: the post description (which you deleted) made it sound like you were saying toxic femininity and maternal violence are the same thing. They're not, which I said as much in my reply. Now, in this comment it sounds like you meant them as separate concepts which is a *very* different question. ETA: Also, now it sounds like you're basically asking about patriarchy but without considering society beyond the family unit. Or something along those lines. It really isn't clear what concepts you're operating under.
If you're going to try this, you'd better have a thick skin. Random approaches mean you don't even know if the person is single let alone interested. She could just as easily say "no thanks," "I'm busy," "please don't," or "nope, not interested" instead of the many nice things OC wrote. And I'm being nice; if she's having a bad day or is just rude, the stranger you approach might not be. Also, the above scenario sounds like he's approaching someone at work. DON'T DO THAT. Social settings are one thing, when someone is constrained by employment is another. Practice your skills when people can opt out and walk away if they want. If you're going to do cold approaches, there are two rules to follow otherwise you will probably come across very negatively: (a) don't approach people who have to be nice to you and can't leave, and (b) be prepared to take gracefully the first time. In other words, approach people who are able to say no instead of needing to be hospitable for employment reasons, and don't be a jerk if you get shot down especially since it's statistically the most likely result.
The ring would look like something she'd actually wear, not something you'd like to see her wearing. After all, it would be a shame if she never wore it because it wasn't her style. That means that if your style is flashy and hers is subtle, you should get an understated ring. Personally, I'm really picky about jewelry so I'd want a say in choosing the ring. If she isn't and you want to choose it, you should at least still get some input on styles she likes. Have her send you examples you can show the jeweler. Pay attention to the metal. Some people, like myself, won't wear yellow gold. I'm sure the same can be said about the other options. Don't get it sized or engraved until after the proposal. Choose the closest size (opt for larger vs smaller), and save the final touches for after she accepts. Test if she can wear a wedding band with it. Some styles don't fit together very well. Also...be practical. The budget matters. Weddings are expensive, and you can get really nice rings without going for the most expensive options.
Why does it have to be a confrontation though? Personally, I'd would talk to him about it. I want to love my ring, not dislike or simply tolerate it. And, well, if we're mature enough to be getting married then surely we're capable of discussing this little issue. If not, I'd think that doesn't bode well for a happy marriage.
&gt; a retaliatory swing at your face would not be outside the realm self defense. Actually, it very well might be. If the type of blow or the level of force you used was not proportional and reasonable to the situation...it's not self defense. It's just categorised as assault. You could argue that it was a mutual fight, but not that you were defending yourself because the escalation was not acceptable.
That's astoundingly bad logic. Did his wife believe him about you?
Huh, I've mixed it with a bit of milk before but never Worcestershire sauce. Could be good...I'll need to test this out.
Do you mix the beans into the rice, or do you serve it as a side dish? This sounds delicious yet healthy, and I have all the ingredients on hand so I think it'll be dinner next week!
