Do we get a virus whenever we click?
1. Swagni (Agni) 2. Scarlet Coven (Isis) 3. Slaughterhouse (Chaac) 4. Nox recolor (Nox, duh) 5. Ra'merica (Ra)
Guess I gotta get good at DOTA now.
I play Smite to enjoy Smite. Win or lose, doing poorly or doing great, I always try to enjoy the game. I'm not playing to win, I'm playing to have a good-time, as I have with all other games. Winning is just the goal of the game, you're suppose to try to win, that is natural. I try my best to win, but I don't throw a monkey across the room if we lose, or cry into a bucket of ice-cream if I do poorly. What ruins this fun, is when people start throwing around insults because you lost, blaming everyone but themselves. Calling you a "noob" because you didn't do very well that one game, when they have never seen any of your other matches. People surrendering when we have late-game gods, or are winning but one person is doing poorly. I hate when people get angry when I (or anyone) play gods that I'm not familiar with/good with. The only way to learn a god is to play them, meaning that you have to suck with them first in order to get better. I've had countless amounts of people "report" me for picking a god I've never played and doing poorly with them. P.S. That is the worst thing I have ever experienced. I have my moments of full-try-hard mode, and every time I do someone is higher than the DeathStar, or drunker than Jack Sparrow.
I think the only time someone gets a pass for doing dumb stuff is when using Janus' ult in arena. Fling that portal, baby.
Have you had a jungler who's excuse not to ward (anything) is because "wards are useless because I have my map turned off"? I have.
Right? He said it was because "frame-rate issues", but would also throw in that the minimap was "useless". This is why I avoid Conquest most of the time. xD
Just give it a while, eventually the mastery skins will be updated to fit the new standard for them. Just takes time.
I still want a Baka-sura skin.
So basically download app, meet requirement, get skin, never use again?
No, it's free.
They're slowly trying to trap us in the game.
Thanks, would have never known. xD Free stuff, woo!
Nothing will ever replace my Scarlet Coven. The only skin that lets me express how I feel about my teammates. You suck! Joke aside (*coughnotajokecough*), the skin looks pretty nice for a t2.
I don't doubt it, I'm just terrible with assassins. xD
So is it a simple server issue with no fix? If that's the case, the solution would be to wait until tomorrow when most people have it downloaded/updated.
They got stomped. I feel bad for them, even though I picked Cloud 9 on my ticket.
At the end of the SWC.
Begin the era of Enemy.
I picked Enemy and C9, fuck my life.
They did not care at all about that win. xD
I put "Only some parts". I feel that there should be those gods that are easy to pick up, play, and understand, for the new players (Neith, Ra, etc). But I don't think new gods should be catering to new players, as the more experienced players who put time, money, sweat, and maybe a tear or two into this game are probably the ones more than likely playing the new gods. I also feel that Conquest should be easier to understand. I remember at lower levels, everyone was just going to whatever lane they felt like, no junglers, or just team fighting at level 1. This should be easier to understand, and obviously the tutorial doesn't do that. This could be fixed by labeling the lanes, and labeling gods with a recommended lane. I also think that the recommended items need to be redone again. Was playing Change, and noticed that Divine Ruin was a suggested item, even though it's a situational item that Change doesn't really need since her 3 has built in anti-healing. Other than that, no. This game should not become more "noob friendly". Competitive games are meant to require time and effort to learn. If everyone can do the same amount of good, regardless of skill, then why even try to learn?
They are forcing people to watch it. Illuminati confirmed.
!raffle How do I !raffle? I want free gems. R.I.P My sanity.
It's called "Xbox One" for a reason.
On paper, these changes sound AMAZING. However, they can be executed horridly.
Squiddle.
I like it, honestly. Just because it gives me more of an reason to grab my actives, rather than holding off on them because I want to buy something else.
No, probably less so once the trinket update is released.
Good. Because my friend spammed Bellonas VEL, and I loved it. Cx
I joined a bit before the release of Medusa (I believe), so around the end of March. So almost a year ago. Was tired of LoL's community, and went through some different MOBAs, and Smite was the one that stuck.
The icons come around during a "Smite Pantheon Weekend" event. They haven't been doing these recently (for some reason), and I believe not all the pantheons even have icons yet. The event consists of: Winning a match to claim the icon, sales for skins belonging to that pantheon, as well as VP sales, and usually a MOTD based around that pantheon. The only way to get these icons are through these events, or through certain chests (Odyssey is the only one I've noticed).
Ew.
Mute and block feature.
You're right.
It hasn't been updated yet. It will more than likely be done when the patch goes live tomorrow. Probably just doing it to save time.
Kumba. He is more supportive base, while still being able to hold his own... weight.
If he no longer says "this might be too big for me!" every time I purchased an item, I would be completely fine with it.
Then I will make sure to give every Cupid player a .... Hel of a time.
Nu Wa. She even has a recolor that is exclusive (granted, it's free).
So..? It's still an exclusive skin. And the Merc skins were also available for a decent length of time when they were released.
Sike.
It's for the Japanese event, which hasn't started yet. You have to purchase the items from the Japanese events.
No. There have been about 13 posts about this already, you aren't the only one. And the same answer applies. They haven't updated the ticket yet.
I don't need a build guide, thanks for the offer though. We just have different opinions on items, obviously, and you believe yours is superior, so I won't argue you either.
Season 3 hasn't started yet.
On top of the T2, the Exclusive, and the Shadow skin he just got.
The app will be coming to Android in due time, and the skin will be available through that as well.
I only like gen 1 of Pokemon. Huehuehue.
What would Smite be without it's bugs every patch?
League 3v3 will be added in February. Arena doesn't fit the competitive scene, as it's more of a casual game mode. I believe they had it at one point, but removed it for that reason. Arena, Siege, Clash, etc. Are all casual game modes. Not modes for people to learn on. They are modes that you play to enjoy a match or two, without being too crazy about how you are performing, or getting supper bummed out for losing. They are also used to get god masteries, since you can only play gods you have mastered in ranked games.
It hasn't.
The only game mode I excuse this on is MOTD.
Yes, but Joust, Siege, and Clash would make perfect sense to be league modes. Arena would not.
Don't forget vision. Nu Wa's ult can strategically be used to check for ganks, objective steals, etc. when enemies are missing, and not visible by wards.
You need to buy the skins/wards that become available for the event. It's basically a mini-odyssey.
For warrior, I highly recommend Bellona and Hercules. For hunter, I recommend Apollo and Xbal For mage, I recommend Zhong Kui, Vulcan, Agni, and Janus. For guardian, I recommend Khepri, Xing Tian, and Kumba For assassins, I recommend Mercury and Fenrir.
I got called a noob in a MOTD once because I was using Apollo's ult to get behind the enemy and go to their titan. Like dude, you give me infinite mana on an Apollo, I'm going to abuse his ultimate. Plain and simple.
I usually start off Poly right out of the gate (depending on the mode). Seeing as she has her 3, you can hold off on getting (cd) boots until the 3rd item, though I tend to get them as her second item. Demonic Ring is a great item for her as well, since she is more focused on basic attacks. Spear of the Magi, chronos pendent, and then Rod of Tahuti. As for what to level, my usual habit is: Put 1 point into each ability (2, 3, 1), put a second point into her 2, and then max her 1, then her 2, and put a point in her ult whenever it is available.
Because if the map is anything like the current map (jungle on either side of lane) he has very high ganking potential, especially since he cannot be seen when invisible (by wards). So any squishy teammates can get one shot, feeding him until he is fat. Also, because he's Loki.
I would like her recolor if it was like this.
That poem would make anyone weak in the knees.
Yeah. I believe it is from the SWC, but I received way more than I expected... Like 200FP... I mean, thanks HiRez, but coulda bought me a drink first, maybe took me out to dinner, have a relaxing evening by the fire...
Hey man, it's just an ez game ez life.
Is it memes?
That's what they call irony, my dear Watson.
Removing Arena and Assault wouldn't move people to a different game mode. There are people who exclusively play them, and the only reason they play Smite is for them. These people don't hurt the Conquest queue, seeing as they wouldn't be there anyway.
Don't like people who spam the laugh emote? No problem. We have the solution for you! Introducing the number-one anti-laugh spamming device in the world, the Mute Button. This device is automatically added into your game FOR FREE with every purchase of a keyboard. Simply hit the tab key, roll over to the mute button, click, and you're done! It's just that easy! And call now, and we'll even through in a second Mute Button ABSOLUTELY FREE! That's right, get two mute buttons for the price of one. But act fast, because offers end at a random date set in the future that doesn't mean anything because we really need you to buy our product! So act now, and call our troll free number!
Mute them before hand (the entire team). If you don't, and they do it at the end, deal with it, as it only lasts like a second.
Be easier to put numbers under the god portraits (usually displayed around the edges of the screen) and just adding "Enemy ultimate down (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)", to easily point out which god you are referring to, without adding any super-difficult system.
I hope not. Was hoping to purchase the Cortana Sol. :(
It deserves more attention, it's a nice decal that I'd even consider buying myself if I wasn't short on cash at the moment. xD Should post it on the LoL reddit/Forum as well, as I am sure they have more users interested in this type of thing.
I got Khepri against Aphro and was losing quite bad, so me and him had a jump party at my titan while his fire minions took my titan. It was glorious.
Solo because I like farming simulators.
Even so, that's a slot that needs to be taken up with another active (I don't care what they call them, they will always be actives to me &lt;/3) item that could be far more useful.
I try to block Janus' ult. It's just a reflex when I see an animation aimed at someone I'm guarding.
Yu-Gi-Oh.
I wouldn't mind getting to use the older ones we unlocked. The gold/black one looked pretty fancy.
There use to be a "pantheon weekend" that happened about once a month, but they stopped doing that for whatever reason.
100% this
No, they won't. This is season 2 fantasy points, and will not be reused for season 3. However, whether or not they may throw in an extra reward at the end of season 2 (for whatever reason), no one knows. If they do plan it, it is a complete surprise at this time.
Been happening to a few people, myself included.
Spending gems on a god is the worst idea ever.
And the god pack is cheaper than buying gods individually.
I press F6 when I see a Loki. No, but seriously, I only F6 when a majority of my team wants to F6. Not going to play with a team who doesn't want to be in the situation any more.
Lel
Around 5 or 6.
"get rekt" Oh man, that's like the worst BM I've ever heard!
Step 1. Get cocky. Step 2. Remember your bad. Step 3. Feed. Step 4. Have 10 deaths, 0 kills. Step 5. You're now officially bad at 1v1. Congratulations!
I think they should. Give people a chance to get whatever remaining FP they need, or give people (like myself) grinding up a diamond a chance to get a little boost, but quicker. Granted, you could always just play Arena, as those hardly ever last more than 10 minutes, but I can only take so much of Arena before I want to cram a pickle into a lemon and give it to a baby.
Yeah, only with two colt-revolvers, one of those cowboy-trenchcoats, a beard, kind of like John Marston.
What is it like, being a Barracuda?
Agreed.
This actually would make way more sense... Otherwise he just reminds me of Jacket from PayDay 2.
Same happened to me. Just chatted about the weather for a few minutes.
So would his 1 shoot out a cross? And he'd fly on like angel wings or some shit? Because that look sick.
We'll miss you both. Thank you for doing what you have for this game, and for HiRez. For making the YouTube channel amazing, and for being just great people. Best of luck to them. :)
Was going to use the Kelly one until I realized Bart's icon had glasses that said "Swag". xD
The community. The same reason why I left League of Legends.
Blind Assault is fine with a couple of friends. Can just pick a god, and dick around.
Amaterasu isn't OP, she's broken. All she has to do is build Frostbound, use her movement speed aura (+boots maybe) and you aren't going to be able to escape her, even if you dash away, because she'll just dash at you AND silence you.
My eyes can not unsee what I have seen...
It was removed because it gave information that HiRez did not like people knowing (Gold Furry being down, graphs of gold, etc.) It will be returning in a new form probably at the start of season 3, or in any small hotfixes before hand.
Awilix. Assault not included.
If there is another season ticket in season 3, there will be new rewards. The rewards on this ticket will no-longer be available after this season ends.
According to what I saw/heard, it will be favor per day, with a quest along the lines of: "Complete X amount of quests" to earn 50 to 100 gems.
Well, Ashe is a pretty fun champ. So is Heimerdinger. Now, Gods on the other hand, I'd have to say Aphrodite, Hercules, Nox, Chang'e, and Hou Yi.
Loki.
We do not speak of such evils.
Well, I'm going to guess you're playing at the level cap (30) with your GF who is new? If this is the case, I suggest making a smurf account to play with her, so that she can play with people more her level (and if you feel wrong about smurfing, play gods you don't usually play or are bad at). Now, will this fix the toxic player issue? Probably not. I don't see many toxicity in newer players on my smurf, but it's usually different per person. You will never be able to avoid toxicity, especially since Smite is growing in popularity. The only solution to this is taking full advantage of the mute button. Another option is to find people to fill the gaps. Clanmates, friends, just people who understand she is new, and is learning, so they won't get super annoyed.
People are saying that the new joust map will help against turtling. I don't know how, but hey, if it helps, then it's 100% okay with me.
Well, you could play Arena mode exclusively if you don't like MOBAs. It's basically more like any Team Death match.
I honestly don't get the dislike towards DM (granted, I'm newer to his content) Kelly and Bart were huge pieces of the community. Seeing them go is sad, but the imprint they left on this game and community will last far longer than they probably ever expected.
I'm level 30 with 10 games. I created a smurf to try conquest. All I can say is: Don't. Low levels will teach you nothing. The first time I played Conquest on my smurf, everyone went down middle lane and just played like it was arena. Try getting a pre-made of 5 together, so they'll be more understanding. That's what I've been doing. Course I hardly ever have 5 friends on at once, so I rarely get to practice (plus, my friends are just as bad at it as I am).
**Vamana**. He is very underrated at the moment, I see him played once a week (if that, not including assault). He can build tank with one or two power items and still do enough damage to help his team. The only real downside I see to him is his face. Dude needs some design love. **Arachne**. As far as I know, she is underrated. I personally cannot play her to save my life, but her kit is interesting. It is mostly based on basic attacks, however. **Fenrir**. I wouldn't go as far to say he's underrated, especially after SWC, but to me he feels very unplayed (probably just me). But he is definitely a god I'd recommend. You can build him as a tank, and still deal a good portion of damage while still staying alive, or you can build him like an assassin and delete people from existence. **Xing Tian**. That's all I have to say on that. **Tyr**. Another god I can't play to save my life, however I have fun doing it. Dunking, diving, and smacking, Tyr can build pseudo tank, full damage, full tank, it doesn't matter. Just remember that while in his blue stance his slash heals. **Vulcan**. Do you like castle defense? Do you like farming simulators? Then you like Vulcan. Vulcan can sit in a lane and farm minions with ease. If a Vulcan lane's tower falls, you're doing it wrong. Vulcan is a very fun god (for me), and his ultimate feels very satisfying to land, since it can literally erase some hunters/mages/assassins at full health. **Apollo**. Apollo was my first mastered god. He was the reason I got addicted to the game. I gave up playing him after he got to mastery 2, but I pick him up every now and then and still enjoy the hell outta him. He is one god that I will always recommend to players who ask me. That's it from me, I have more, but out of 71 gods, my list could go on for ages.
How's your day going? :3
Not sure if not understanding the joke, or trying to counter joke...
Apollo is my favorite (Strongest? Probably not). He has a lot of mobility, and doesn't *need* to build attack speed due to his passive (though it wouldn't hurt to invest in at least one). He has a lot of escape potential, as well as engage potential.
Hopefully it won't make her useless. I agree she needs a nerf, but I don't want to see her wind up completely useless.
Ama hard nerf, Sol medium nerf, Bellona soft nerf, Nemesis buff, Arachne rework/remodel/hard buff, Khepri with another very small nerf, Thor small nerf, Chang'e healing buff. League 3v3 will change to not allow pre-mades after a few months of people complaining they have no friends. Nox mastery skin remodels. If 5 of these things don't happen, I will quit Smite to become a potato farmer.
Restart the client, that's what usually works for me.
I will sell potatoes and potato accessories. Every sack of potatoes comes with free potato warmers, to keep your little potatoes warm in the harsh winter.
3v3 Joust Map detailed reveal (ya know, like a map view),
Hinduman or riot.
400 gem hypu?? ;-; I hope so, I'mma buy it if it is.
Oh gods, someone hold me, I dunno if I like it. D:
Oh, I know. I was saying CC reduction more on the sarcastic side. I am too. I liked staying alive, but now these new items seem to be making it possible to one shot gods easier... I dunno...
4 people just DCed for me.
Support. Which is ironic, because I like support in almost any other game mode. I prefer the team-fight support, but when it comes down to getting into Support in conquest, I just can't. I still don't fully understand rotations yet, so when I play support I always get someone raging at me that I didn't rotate. And even when I do rotate, I die, or have our mid-lane ping me and spam VGS to "defend left/right" lane. Let's just say, the reason I hate support is because I have yet to have an enjoyable experience in that conquest role.
I main solo, any tips on rotating for that role? As for the tip, I suppose that's what I was doing wrong. I rotated when my ADC was doing poorly, because I didn't understand rotations and just assumed I was suppose to do it every so often.
This is why I only play with pre-mades now.
Woo! I can get my Xing Tian VP after this. :D
I'm kind of sad that they changed it from 50% to 25%. Mostly because it's driving my OCD crazy seeing a t2 on sale for 185...
shhh, that's worse.
It basically means activates. "Sol's 2 procs Poly", means that her 2 activates Poly's passive.
Public Test Server. Most online games have them so that players can test out upcoming features, give their opinions, and changes can be made if needed.
Anti-tank items, sure. But do you have anti-raid boss items? DISAPPOINTED.
I just want the fact that she shreds towers to be gone. Went against a solo lane Sol, and was doing fine in lane, so I finally decided to back and get teleport (knowing she shreds towers), and she destroyed the tower withing my 5 second (not including TP channeling) absence before I could even teleport back to it. It wasn't even 2 minutes into the game. ._.
It's basically like the odyssey chest, meaning there are over 200 items in it. Basically anything (except exclusives/limited items) are up for grabs.
This
If he's calling top, then he launched the wrong game.
Macroing abilities are bannable. Emotes are still bannable, however it's very rare. In fact, some HiRez employees do it (if you google hard enough, you'll find it). That is why they allow you to mute VEL spam (either already in, or in next patch, I can't remember).
You need a macro device (keyboard/mouse), generally costs a hefty dent in a paycheck to get one. Not worth it just to spam laugh.
The fact that Kawaii Bastet is on this list makes it invalid. Especially since Slaughterhouse Chaac isn't even mentioned.
The launcher is part of their server (apparently), so when they fix the issue the launcher will be fixed.
Criticism gives the HiRez a chance to read up on what the community as a whole wants. Criticism is a required step in fine-tuning anything. That is why the PTS exists, to give players a chance to test and criticize as they feel fit. Not so people can get a sneak-peak. If a majority backs that criticism, then obviously there needs to be a change. Everyone has a right to criticize, and even more right to express their feelings.
No one fears Vamana, until he becomes Vroomana.
They **REALLY** want you to accept that user agreement.
They should just put in a karma system for players to rate each other based on performance, attitude, etc. Not removing reports, but just to let other players know that this dude is a BMer all the time, or he's just BMing this one game because... Who knows why.
Happens to a lot of people during a gem event. Submit a ticket to support, or wait and maybe they'll resolve the issue themselves (though this is unlikely).
I'm hyped for Vroomana.
Hades is a decent solo laner, before the S3, and even better in S3.
"Okay guys, I'm going to ult!" "NO!" *ults everyone into same spot, random enemy Poseidon who didn't get ulted ults, entire team is dead*
Aphro. Stunning her own teammates in order to link, accidentally hitting them with the birds, stomping while linked.
No, there is not.
Slaughterhouse Chaac. *You slayed it.*
Solo because it's usually just a nice, one-on-one farming session. Until some jungler decides to come in and ruin it.
Shit, just spent all my gems. R.I.P
I was in a match with a dude who got a Penta as Zeus, who just placed his 4 on the ground, and started backing. Meanwhile, his ult killed the enemy team. His reaction was literally (in curse): "Broken."
Thought I could out-box Loki.
**Buff** Sol's 3?
Oh dear
It should be starting next Tuesday, unless I have my facts mixed up.
Ah Puch built ATK Speed/Auto Attack items.
"Let me fix that plate!" *smashes plate into enemy's face*
HiRez, I love you. Now I will be able to get Dr.Vanus. :D
Or MOTD if it's any good. Usually quicker if it's like 80% CD, random gods, infinite mana, and 100,000 gold
&gt; All feedback is hand read "How can a hand read?"
That's what all those scummy mobile game developers do. Steal art-work from good games, to make their game look enticing, then you play it and it's just a "tap this, get this, tap more, wait 3 hours before tapping again" simulator.
PTS servers are completely separate from the Live servers. You will not be keeping any of the gems/favor/skins earned.
Bundles will not do anything special this event. It is only FP earned through wins. Anyway, don't waste your money on this season ticket any more. It is more worth it to wait for the next season ticket.
Ah, okay, thanks. :)
It is not confirmed, however it was a huge hit this season, so I imagine they will implement one into season 3.
If they changed it to a wood one, they'd have to remove the entire "reload" system for it, or make it do it after ever single shot.
TF2 is an FPS.
RELEASE THE SPAMKEN
I'm 90% sure it's an issue on their end that they have to fix.
Shooters aren't for me? I'm better at shooters than I am most games, and I enjoy playing them more than most as well. Shooters shouldn't have the element of spawn camping in them at all. I've played them for most of my life, but the fact that most of the one's I have played have spawn camping irks me. Camping in one spot isn't even as bad, as you can always out-play the enemy by sneaking around behind them. Where with spawn camping, you're usually dead the minute you respawn anyway, so you hardly get the chance to out-play the enemy. Especially since even if you avoid taking damage upon respawning, you still have to somehow kill the entire team (or the large amount that is standing at your doorstep). It is an unfair way of keeping an opponent in a choke-hold, allowing for a snowball effect. It takes all the "skill" and "strategy" from a FPS and throws it out a window.
The original Stellar Burst would be fine, if they removed the immunity on her 3, as it would remove a lot of her escaping capabilities, meaning she'd need that burst damage. However, I'd rather see the invulnerability of her 3 replaced with reduced damage at the least. Since removing it completely COULD destroy her. Regardless of her current state, her passive on towers needs to go. Or at the very least, get reduced heat from towers. So she can't just ignore you/the wave and smack the tower right in front of you.
I agree. It's not fun when you're on the edge of your seat in the middle of fighting her, then she uses her 3 and you're just like "There goes that".
Congrats. :D I'm working on getting her to 2.00 as well (currently at 1.57). Hoping nothing goes wrong and ruins it.
Chang'e's 2 (Moonlit Waltz). Because it's a nice ability that makes beads less required, but requires timing and a certain amount of skill to hit at the right time. It makes you learn to listen to other god's abilities so you know the exact moment when to use it. Not to mention the ability is aesthetically pleasing. Oh, and how could I almost forget the exclamations from the rabbit every time she uses it? "Sick moves!" "Catch her if you can!" Overall just my favorite ability in the game, hands down.
Hammer Bro, god of rage quit.
We could call it the Smitem Witch Trials. Point fingers, make accusations, burn them at the stake. A good ol' fashion witch hunt. Or we could just mute them and move on...
Arena. Games hardly ever last more than 20 minutes. MOTD, depending on what it is, is usually fast and easy. Might even be able to get some free mastered gods out of it. Assault. This is generally luck, but if you get a lucky roll, you could complete this mode fast. Fastest I've finished an assault has been 5 minutes. Though, this is not recommended due to the fact that luck is not one-sided.
Most people who play MOTD are just doing it to mess around. Especially during a double FP event. People are trying to rush through the MOTD to get their FP rushed through.
New skin inbound.
You sure they didn't just get beads/aegis, or built a ton of magic defense?
You're the tip of the spear!
It's kind of dumb, but 30% is still pretty decent. I don't mind this change as much as I do some other things in season 3. Just sad to see some of my favorite builds needing to be changed drastically.
Could have just redused the root duration. I play him more supportive than I do solo/bruiser, and this makes me not want to play him over other guardians at all. Granted, I'll save that opinion for when I've played him after his nerf. But my feelings right now are... negative.
Chang'e's 3 needs a healing buff. My team hardly even notices that I'm healing them, even late game.
Tuesday. You can keep an eye on it by clicking the "League" tab at the top right of the UI, and scanning the page for "___ Days Remaining".
Good on ya, mate.
One might say she is... Hot... Eh? EH?
Khepri is the first god to get a gender-bend skin.
I got it during that gay-pride event thing a while back along with an icon for like 10 gems or something. Why the hell is it in a chest? Did they run out of ideas for things to put into it?
Well, considering that the patch goes live Tuesday, it probably will have one minor round, then go live.
Xing legendary, Bellona legendary, Agni diamond, and Khepri diamond/legendary
Leaving a match will give you a leaving penalty. (Deserter+all goodwill removed) Leaving too many matches (I believe within a close time frame) can get you suspended. Continuing to frequently leave games will cause you to get banned.
No. The only way to get exclusive chest skins are through chests.
Hi-Rez is reworking all mastery skins. At this time, it has been 2 mastery skins per patch.
Talos.
Season 3 goes live Tuesday.
Metal af.
"It's hard to make a skin for arachne"? Then ask the community. I've seen ton of amazing looking Arachne skin concepts from this amazingly artistic community.
Awilix Jungle Kali ADC Bakasura solo Ao Kuang mid Bastet Support
Literally unplayable. Uninstalling.
&gt;( appropriate of course xD) Damn it.
Well this is a first.
She's top tier in mid lane, and just over-all a good god.
What annoys me is that people don't understand that the "report for intentional feed" doesn't include people doing badly. There is no report option for people who have a lower skill level, or are having a bad day in Smite, because it's not a punishable offense. This leaves a trail of false reports, which is probably why the report system is as janky as it is.
Because Amaterasu is the new god. All new gods get banned from ranked games so that HiRez can monitor how they perform live, and nerf/buff accordingly, before letting them into ranked games. As for Ravana, he recently got a rekit and they hadn't gotten around to messing with his numbers yet, so they left him out.
Nice b8 m8, I'd r8 8/8, but it's hard to consentr8.
No, last year was more of a test run if any thing. They didn't know what they wanted from the season ticket. They wanted to add things that would be fun. This year, they know more of the direction they want to take the season ticket, which you can tell by this years rewards.
If your team is in need of a hard counter, but no one will switch to it (ie: Hard counter to a pesky Bastion), then sure. Switch to it, and then switch back whenever you feel like you should.
You're essentially paying for access to the game for your account, not the actual game files, so yes you can.
I was trying to spam Junkrat's default voice line (tic tock tick tock tick tock!), and hit X 3 times. I imagine those people thought I was a huge asshole. xD
What does Tracer do in art class? She Traces.
"Pokemon Noon"
Reinhardt. With my shit aim, Reinhardt takes away all of the terrible shooter in me, and allows me to smash peoples faces by just spinning in a circle and holding LMB. Plus, since I play a lot of Smite, and main support, I'm use to the whole shielding the team, or charging people out of the way just to remove them from the fight if they are a problem. Like Bastion, I'll literally risk my life to charge a Bastion, if my team can't handle him.
"Hey, Honzo is killing people who are in this little hallway, let's all crowd here."
You can leave as soon as you see Victory/Defeat. Everything after is perfectly fine to leave as well, that's why there is a count down, along with the option to leave in the top right corner. You get XP the moment you see the Victory Screen. The XP screen is only there for you to be able to see a breakdown of your own performance, and how you were rewarded for it.
The only thing leaving during the card/victory/defeat/what have you screen does is cuts off your consecutive game XP bonus (200 extra for Quick Play). ^ Forgot to mention that.
So all those times that I'd literally rushed passed the enemy team as Reinhardt just to ult their Mercy and smash her face in... I was committing a war crime? Shit.
They'll probably give out something better for 25mil event, which is going to be the bigger one. PonPon already said this.
She isn't suppose to defend herself, her team is equipped with the tools needed to defend their healers. That's why this is a team game.
It would be a great thing to have a round, as it would give people a chance (random chance) to try a character they are unfamiliar with. We can't really do that in quick play, since there is usually always a demand for a tank or healer, since people usually autolock their favorite offensive/defensive characters.
You can't put the drink down that fast? God damn, how long of a gulp do you take?
Have you only played League...? Or are League players that out of tune with general PC gameplay? Place your middle finger on W and alternate it between S, index on D, ring finger on A, pinky on shift alternating to Cntrl when needing to crouch, thumb over space alternating to C/X/Z when using the commands. Ring finger moves up to Q when you need to ult, index to E when using that ability, pinky should already be shift to use that ability anyway. Right hand on mouse, if you have a mouse with a Back/Forward button one of these was automatically assigned as your melee button, so your left hand shouldn't need to even bother pressing the keyboard binding of it (unless your mouse lacks the melee button).
Clans are more than likely going to be a thing, especially with competitive ranked coming, would be easier to label pro players if they just used a clan tag.
I'd love to have that option on certain heroes. I can't decide which Piggy voice line I have that I want to use, but for Reinhardt I have to always use "Catch Phrase!"
It's hard choosing between Dva and Reinhardt. While love Dva's character, character design, etc. And how she livestreams herself **murdering** her enemies, that just tips the cake. However, I don't like her gameplay as much. Reinhardt on the other hand, is my favorite character to play, as well as one of my favorite characters design wise (both graphically, and personality). But I know little to nothing about him, and haven't really made an effort (yet) to learn about his over-all character. I guess I'd say Dva, since her design, personality, etc. all clicks with me. Also the fact that she was the first that came to mind is probably a good sign that she is my favorite.
I was up against a team, where only 4 people were ever on the point. I was actually curious where the hell the other two were. So I, like a good Samaritan Reinhardt, went all around the map looking for them. Maybe they were lost, or stranded, and in need of help. Until I found two widow makers, right next to each other, missing EVERY SHOT on my team (okay, maybe not all of them, but a lot). I stood behind them for a while, just watching. Someone from their team posted in Match chat: "These widow makers, pls kill them." So, as a good Samaritan Reinhardt, I charged them off that ledge, and into a wall, killing them both. "They still won't switch, omfg" from the same guy on their team. Regardless, justice was done. All thanks to your friendly neighborhood Reinhardt.
Hold on, they made those? Holy shit, I need to get me one.
I've been trying to get a POTG using his Shift since I got the game.
Neith. Totally. Nah. On a serious note: Warrior: Osiris Hunter: Ullr Mage: Aphro? Maybe... I dunno about mages. Guardian: Sylvanas (least for me. Landing that grapple is a pain in my ass) Assassin: Lok- I'M KIDDING REDDIT. Serqet or Nemesis seems right.
Maybe in the beta it was like that, but the launch version resets after the game is closed.
Okay, dad.
I personally like Islander more.
God damn it.
Also, please take out Symmetra's turrets. The amount of times I've been walking, shielding a team, and they suffer from tunnel vision on dem kills instead of killing the symmetra turrets that are literally holding me in place.
I'd love that. A normal sized Dva action figure, and then a larger mech to purchase along side her.
Oh, is that how the widowmaker knew I was right behind her? Welp, that explains a lot...
"No, I like glitching the fuck out every time I use a normal function on a character"
Oh no, I have a negative K/D with Lucio. I should uninstall this game and go play Club Penguin for being such a scrub.
I love playing Reinhardt, he's currently my best character. I've taken time to actually learn how i'm suppose to act, and react, as Reinhardt. He has my most play time. He's my go to hero. But for fuck sake, I just want to learn how to play offense based heroes.
I really like Pharah's Anubis skin, since it's the helmet is a jackal rather than a bird/whatever. I also love Reinhardt's Bundeswehr skin, though I don't think it looks better than Lionhardt/Stonehardt. But for an Epic skin, it changes him up enough to make it look like a legendary. I like to call it: "Bootleg legendary skin". Lucio's Auditiva I really prefer over the legendaries (granted, I do like the frog duo).
I had a Tracer who kept standing like just out side of my shield. Like, please just let me do my job...
I prefer different sensitivity across different characters. Example: I have Genji at 11, Hanzo at 13, Widowmaker at 15, Reinhardt at 20, etc. Though, my general comfort zone of sensitivity is 10-20.
Not relatable.
There is a soundclip in the file this dude posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/4m03o5/overwatch_phone_notification_sounds_and_ringtones/?ref=search_posts)
Pretty sure it's safe to say Tracer is the most played. She's the cover girl. She's some people's reason for picking up the game and buying it. Plus, that whole thing about her butt a while back made her the more known character from the game, so people are more apt to pick her up right out of the gate. Genji on the other hand, I feel gets beat out by Hanzo. However, to answer your question, I don't think there is at this time. But I'm sure it's on it's way.
It's fine the way it is. It offers the chance for a snowball game to get completely turned around. It's one of the best things about this game. It means that no matter how far you are behind, how bad you may think your team is, etc. The game isn't over until it's over.
5 Torbs? 5 Junkrats.
Huh. I really hope I'm not screwing up my MMR by playing support/tank.
She's a strong, independent woman who don't need no pants.
D.va also doesn't have "boobplates" or "nipple additions". She doesn't even have "Skin tight armor", because it's not armor. She's wearing a jump suit, with padding on it. Mercy "no padding, just bare skin" Where? I'd love to see some Mercy skin. Also, her armor is hardly skin tight. Tracer doesn't have skin tight armor. The armor she hasn't isn't really armor, it's a device to keep her from jumping through time uncontrollably. The only skin tight thing on her is her leggings (yoga pants), which you can see almost every female this era wearing by just going to the mall. HOW IS ZARYA'S ARMOR SKIN TIGHT? Just because armor is curved to fit a woman's "figure" doesn't make it skin tight. I don't even know why "boob plate" is something on there. Boob plates are basically a normal thing. And what's the obsession with the head protection? Most of the males don't have head protection, and no one is saying shit about that.
I too want to be extra salty- I mean, adjust my play style.
Spam space, but there is an option in the menu to have it auto climb.
You get defensive assists.
This looks like a shameful display of how to run a tournament. And from the chat, it looks like this is a normal occurrence.
You're welcome. xD
Some gorilla's just like to watch the world reach high noon.
Lucio: "Rated T? Fuck that."
This chart takes me back to my pokemon days.
What does avoid/prefer do exactly?
I think I figured out how POTG works, in this order: 1. Was there a Bastion? 2. Was there a Torb Turret? 3. Did Reaper press Q? 4. Did McCree press Q? 5. Did anyone else press Q? 6. Was there multiple kills? 7. Did someone get pushed off a ledge? 8. Did someone actually do something cool? 9. Did someone at least use an Emote? 10. Okay, fine, just give it to Zenyata.
I've only seen people talking about music packs to change the music made by his E.
Levels only matter in the regard that a level 80 will know more mechanics than the level 10. Even if a level 80 is shit, they'd know by that time what they have to do (get on payload, rush point, use this character to counter that character, etc.), and know who to pick, when. Where a level 10 would more times than not just pick X character because they like them, or had good games with them. Levels don't determine skill, but they determine experience. And sometimes knowing more is better than having the skill to 1v6 a team. I feel like level should have some effect on MMR until a certain level, so that people over that level wouldn't be matched with players under it. So that Skill and Experience could be on equal terms. Granted, that's what competitive will offer, since it will require you to be a certain level (25, I think).
I don't really hate any of the maps, nor would I care for this feature much. But to be honest, I was surprised that there wasn't at least a voting system post-game.
More like "Did Widow miss every shot and then manage to land a headshot, then body shot another target right after?"
It wasn't 1GB for me... You sure you just haven't updated your game in awhile?
I'd love for some more maps. The amount we have now is kind of small, so we (or at least I) see a lot of repeat maps, and not enough different maps. I was in a game once that went from Temple of Anubis, and then re-instanced me into a Temple of Anubis match, WHICH THEN TOOK ME TO ANOTHER TEMPLE OF ANUBIS MATCH AFTER THAT. I've seen the map so many times, I could probably draw a detailed map with details on where every jug or vase is.
So I can compare my sprays to my current sprays*
Nintendo: "Ay, we no like your copyright infringement!" Blizzard: **Opens their wallet** Nintendo: "Copyright infringe me, daddy."
I have to agree here. I thought I could have room for both, but since OW released I haven't played anything else. I just hop on the subreddit every now and then to check for any new heroes, but it seems patches have slowed down, which won't keep my attention.
I love how you pull off this bad-ass stunt, and then you miss the piggy's fat ass at point blank range. xD
"Reinhardt, you're doing your job wrong!" "No, son. I'm doing your job better."
D.va seems like the type who'd wanna do nothing but watch Netflix, and play some video games all day with. Though, Reinhardt would be a great guy to get a beer with.
When am the first to select a character, and the rest of my team picks non-healer characters, I will change to Roadhog. Since he has a self heal, and I usually play tank anyway. "Guys, we need a healer." "Hey, I'm fine. :)"
D.va in a giant pool toy (like those inflatable sharks) mech, her normal human outfit exchanged for a generic bikini, and her hair tied back into a pony tail.
It be cooler if at the end of the month they released a statistic of how many PotG each character got that month. So we can see how many times Bastion has gotten PotG.
If not that, at least during the "Prepare your team". I'm so annoyed that I still haven't switched my D.va skin, and I keep forgetting to.
"So, we heard you didn't like Bastion... Well, we have a solution."
I did this earlier, only it was a D.va that pushed me off. Said in match chat: "Get the fuck off my point, Lucio." After a bit of surfing, and hearing her ult go of, I jump back onto the point, RMB her off, and say "Nah." God, I love Lucio.
Oh, don't ask about my shit processor and graphics card, I'm surprised I can even run the game at 30 FPS like I do. xD But it's gone down to 10 FPS, and due to the fact that it seems to want to jump between my usual 30FPS, and 10 FPS, it just makes me stutter like crazy.
1. Junkrat 2. D.va 3. Reinhardt 4. Lucio 5. Roadhog
I'm noticing it. It like throttles me from my average 30FPS to like 10 FPS, so that I'm just a stuttering mess.
I found out by mistake earlier that there is a very small ledge that you can land on on the side of the building. Maybe he thought she went there, or maybe he thought he'd pull some crazy shit.
Holy mother of Junkrat fangasm.
Paladins feels too slow to me, plus the maps feel limiting. Overwatch fits my play style far better, so I'll probably only play Paladins every time there is a new character or something.
Was going to save my credits for a legendary, but after watching this for about five minutes, I've decided fuck it. I'm getting that dance emote.
Well, the usual pulls are: 3 commons, 1 rare. For me, it's usually 3 sprays, 1 icon. On occasion, I'll get a voice pack. On a very rare occasion, I'll get a rare skin or Victory pose. I have only gotten 2 legendary skins so far, I haven't pulled an epic skin, and like 2 PotG intros. And for some reason every one of Symmetra's rare skins... But yeah, I suppose you're right. People probably assumed I was bragging or something.
I don't have her Vishkar, just her recolors. I don't even use Symmetra all that often. I got Industrial Zarya, and Punk Tracer. Not to happy with either, to be honest. I don't play those characters enough. Yeah, I kind of hate the system too. But eh. Gives me a reason to keep playing, I guess.
No, it's a bug with custom. I had this happen 3 times already.
Probably not the top, but definitely high up there. If it isn't at least ahead of CoD, I may have to evacuate this planet.
Nerf this? More like; Buff this
I picked Symmetra once, and the person switched off Lucio. This is why Symmetra needs to be relabeled, or we get a "No Healer" tag.
1. Parasyte the Maxim (24 episodes) 2. Kill la Kill (24 episodes) 3. ERASED (Boku dake ga Inai Machi) (12 episodes) 4. Aldnoah.Zero (24 episodes)
When I play healer, if my team doesn't provide me any sort of help after my first five deaths while I am healing them, I will switch off of healing.
While it's probably an ad for some video game or something in that world, it be cool if it was like a rival competitor to D.va who would eventually be added as a playable hero.
You get a star at (or after) level 100, and your overall level resets. Once you get 5 stars (I believe) you get a silver border, then gold, then another, then another, etc. Until they run out.
Or they could just make being in the menu or something non-internet based. Like man, let me look at my skins while my internet spazzes out.
Isn't tracer wearing spandex pants?
I have no other family besides my mother. When she dies, I will be completely alone, with no one else on this planet who knows the true me. My father? He's basically dead anyway. Haven't heard from him since I was ten.
As a teen, I thought I'd be better after I graduated highschool. I was dead wrong. I got worse.
**Ults directly next to Widowmaker every time it's available**
Move over D.va nuke posts, Zarya is coming in **hot**.
There is no competitive mode right now, so people are of course going to take Quick Play seriously. A lot of people are trying to get ready for when competitive comes out, and there is no where else to practice. And higher levels tend to take it more seriously, because they realize they enjoy this game, and want to partake in ranked play. Least, that's how it was for me. I didn't want to play this game seriously at first, but around level 30 I started to realize I liked this game too much to not try the competitive side of it. Honestly, they just need to make a "Death Match" casual queue. Because having an objective based game mode where players aren't taking it seriously, while others are, just causes conflict. Some people define fun as "Doing your best to win", and others define it as "Goofing around". In a Team Death Match setting, both play styles could be accommodated. Seeing as try-hards could try hard, since their personal score would matter more to them than winning. And casual players could just enjoy the game. But the current game modes, of "push this" "capture that" in a casual setting don't work. For me personally, I'm perfectly fine with goofing around and having fun. But I also like to play the objective, I enjoy winning, and I enjoy trying to win. If my team are off playing TDM instead of pushing the payload, or defending the objective, then the game becomes unfun and frustrating. I'm hoping that they'll release a casual TDM queue, alongside the current Quick Play queues. So that way casual players who like to goof off will gravitate towards TDM, and players who enjoy playing the objective while still just enjoying the game will gravitate towards Payload/King of the Hill (they really need to separate these queues, imo). And with competitive, all the try-hards will have a place to funnel into. I feel like this would be the optimal way to ensure everyone can enjoy the game.
I love playing Lucio, the most fun character in the game for me. I love playing Mercy, she's not all that fun for me but I enjoy keeping my team healthy, and she's more direct with her heals so you notice it more and feel good. Symmetra is not support, screw all of you. Zenyatta is alright. I mainly use him on maps with popular choke points, since Discord orbing the enemies coming through it and firing maddly down it is fun. The heal orb is also convenient for me, since I can just place it on someone and leave them to do their thing.
Hit him with a news paper, and take his food bowl away.
Reaper: Turns on some grunge music, starts head banging, people die. Reinhardt: Flexes, making everyone around swoon and become stunned. Junkrat: Jumps like Winston, leaving grenades behind while he jumps. When he lands, he does an AOE explosion. McCree: Just kills everyone visible after saying "It's High noon", instead of making them wait for the impending doom of the animation playing. Piggy: Grabs someone in front of him by the face, and can then throw them either off the map, or into a group of enemies to knock them all down.
I live in an area where the only jobs hiring are trucking and farming, neither of which interest me in the slightest. And the few jobs that are hiring that I'm interested in haven't called me since I applied. So I feel you.
They could have a halloween event this October where if you win enough games in quick or comp you are awarded the skin.
Good.
[Wat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuL6cJPz3Nk)
Why appreciate Bastion, in the first place? Sure, you could clear a point, or a payload. But it's not really commendable. It's not like any other person who plays Bastion couldn't do it anyway.
Lmao, even McCree players hate McCree.
I want a Dva mech like that and a Hana Song POP Vinyl. Or one of those sets, similar to that Walking Dead Daryl+Motorcycle one, with a bigger mech, and a normal sized Hana.
That's the most legendaries I've gotten out of 45 chests, and this dude over here getting three in one.
I just want a background story video of all the characters.
Holy hell, this is a well thought out concept.
Whenever I'm frozen, and Mei is just casually lining up a shot, and I just want to smash her stupid face in but can't move so have to take my death like a man.
A good Reinhardt can save games, if his team would save him from the people behind him, instead of having tunnel vision on the people up ahead...
Is that a bunch of in-game currency/boosters for F2P games? It's unclear what most of this stuff is. Might just throw the $1 to have Ghost in the Shell, and the 30-day Turbo. I have no idea what the other stuff is.
Psychonauts, Mountain, Ghost in a Shell, a mobile game no one cares about, Superfight (?), Greygoo, and Life is Feudal.
No. The first two are perfectly fine for Reinhardt's. The third one is both fun, and can help your team. 1. This is perfectly fine to do. Your fire strike does a good chunk of damage, so shooting it is fine. It can help your team burn down enemies. But it's best to do this only when your shield isn't under heavy fire. 2. This is fine. You going aggro could completely change the tide of a fight in the teams favor. It's on the team to follow up on that. But only do this on squishy targets, or low health targets. Because if you go swinging after a full health tank, you'll be leaving your team exposed for a lot longer than just a quick aggro on a Hanzo or Genji (Plus, you can probably deal with a genji better than your team in most situations, since he can't deflect your hammer to save himself). 3. Completely fine. I don't see an issue here, but people will complain about it. Instead of protecting you team from the threat, you're removing the threat completely. I'll charge Bastions, McCree's, Mei's, and other Reinhardt's off the map if I see a chance. Anything I deem to be a large threat to my team/team comp, I will die to remove. Now, all three of these become completely stupid moves if you have a Mercy behind you. You protect that Mercy with your life. Every other hero has some method of protecting themselves, except Mercy. Sure, she can dash, but she's so squishy she'd probably die before she landed. Sure, she has a pistol that does like no damage. But she's relying on her team to keep her safe, and she'll keep them safe. You, as Reinhardt, are her biggest protector.
Hey, it looks like they brought back Trainer Customization, so that's cool.
Well, he did just get nerfed for that reason. So.
About time, damn. I hardly ever see amazing Reinhardt fanart.
The frame rate is to *die for*
"Here's Widowmaker's ass!"
I was on fire for 95% of a game once. But my card was something stupid, like 4 environmental kills, or something.
Then once you get those 1 or 2, every other one you get is just a disappointment. Think they could have picked better lines when making them... And some of them are way too long.
TIL: Ageism is a thing... For some reason.
I don't use Umbrellas often (unless my clothes have to stay dry), but if this were a thing, I'd use it all the time, even on a sunny day.
I usually spend at least the first minute just messing around, maybe play a character I'm not all too great at. But I'll eventually file into playing more seriously, and even more seriously as the game progresses.
"Stop being such a bad healer!" "Would you rather have a bad healer, or no healer because no one is willing to switch off of Genji or Hanzo?"
But you can technically see who has the most eliminations, time on point, etc., due to medals.
Yes, but someone told me that every 25 levels, if you haven't received a legendary your odds of one dropping are enhanced.
I didn't know what my push to talk button was, and when I hit it by accident, it made a sound. I was confused as to why there was a sound, so I kept pressing it. All the while saying: "The fuck is this noise? The hell is this doing? They add a fucking bell to this game?" Then I realized my entire team was hearing me look stupid as fuck.
I always want to talk about some of the shit that's on my mind, the shit that's bothering me. But then I get too embarrassed, so I just don't talk to anyone. Hell, I'm basically afraid to open my mouth about my depression, because I'm told I'm seeking for attention. I don't want attention, I want help.
I do this all day.
I imagine it's just the impracticality of it. Imagine; this super sneaky assassin, walking around in dark armor that clings to his body to allow him to be more agile, with a cowl that shrouds his face in mystery. He knows the specialty of silence, sneaking up behind his opponents, all the while lugging around a giant ass ax. Granted, if I were a bandit or guard, a random ax poking around a corner would scare me shitless.
It's so annoying when you're trying to be all dramatic, walking shoulder to shoulder with an NPC while they describe something to me. But the entire time you're walking, they're slowly growing further away from me. Like damn dude, get your ass back here and be dramatic.
Roommate: "My god, I just ate taco bell. Gonna go sit on the toilet for about an hour." Me (super giddy and giggling like a child): "Happy shitting!"
She went from a child of purity, to a cold hearted bitch. Her mother would be proud.
Why are you surprised? He knows nothing.
These things are held too early for me. Missed the game entirely. -.-
The beloved queen who frees her people, and the risen leader who fights for his.
This episode was so well thought out.
That girl is an amazing actor.
They put their trust in him, and he ended up making probably one of the best scenes in TV history.
I think there's more than an alliance happening between [these two](https://gfycat.com/ElasticVagueAmericanwigeon)
Is that why Ramsey was smiling while Jon was beating his face in? Iwan knew that after Kit punched him, it would probably get him a free drink?
I completely forgot he was a character until Ramsey captured him.
How I felt after Melisandra took off the necklace.
I also just noticed that the one dragon that is flying around completely missed the ship. YOU HAD ONE JOB.
Tormund Grimes.
The guy who directed that scene is a fucking genius.
This needs to be mandatory for all public, and non-public bathrooms.
I can't wait for these two to get reunited. Their interaction in season 1 was what made me stick with the show.
"All hail the king in the North!" "I am no King." "All hail the queen in the North!" "Stahp."
I'll just edit it out, since it's getting everyone's goat tied up. I was making a joke. I just really wanted to say "Summer is Coming, get your floaties ready!"
In the end he didn't even need a sword to kick Ramsey's ass.
A man has no name.
**Surprise:** I forgot this sale was even happening, so when I logged on and went to see if any new games were on sale today, and couldn't access the store page for an hour, I was quite surprised. **Disappointment:** Skyrim's DLC is only 25% off this time around.
Lmao. I have Borderlands 1 &amp; 2, and the Pre-sequal is $15.99. Scroll down a bit, there's a bundle with just the Pre-sequal in it (because I own 1 &amp; 2) for $9.52... HMM I WONDER WHICH ONE I SHOULD BUY.
I used one once. By accident.
I punched a guard in the face, and he hauled my ass to jail. So I picked the lock and left the cell and punched him in his face again.
&gt; aside from the 64 bit, and a few other minor things. Of course what you says falls under minor things. I wouldn't pay full price just to have my game run better, when it runs fine as is just with the occasional CTD. So it's a minor upgrade, more like a patch.
I have never seen this happen. Skyrim is usually 75% off from the start of a huge sale.
My system is worse off than that, and can run it on high (with shadows and shit on low to medium).
I purchased Stardew Valley at full price when it first released, and it was a steal at that price. So the sale is definitely worth it.
May I ask why you'd recommend this game over all the other games available? I'm looking at it like I should pick it up, but I'm on the fence about it or Dark Souls.
Stardew Valley is worth the sales price, hell it's worth the full price. It's very reminiscent of Harvest Moon, but it feels like it offers more. Modding is also a thing that comes with it that Harvest Moon doesn't have. You'll spend most of your time farming, taking items to people around the town, fishing, and mining. Very good game, well worth the $11 price tag.
If you wanna go by time to cost ratio, I'm pretty sure I made more than I spent. Quite sure I owe the dev more money for the time I put into the game at this point. xD
None of them, you secretly really hate this game, and want to watch people squirm trying to guess a character you like when you have none. &gt;:D
Hmmm, I dunno about that extra penny... Sounds expensive.
After the 2 hours, you cannot refund. It doesn't matter if the game went on sale. I don't know how young your brother is, but this would be a great opportunity to teach him about spending money, how he shouldn't purchase things unless he really wants/needs it, and all that good shit. However, Rocket League is well worth full price regardless.
Hope everything works out, and you can continue to enjoy Vidcon!
Well damn, I didn't expect for this to be such a good read.
I mean, he stated in his tweet: "You can fine me $500, idgaf" so he clearly knew it was coming, but did it anyway.
Great game, well worth the full price, let alone the sales price. Picked it up the day it released, was not disappointed.
Stardew Valley, without a doubt, is probably the best indie game to release this year (so far). And probably gives some triple A titles a run for their money.
Is Labyronia a game made with RPG Maker?
Call of Du- I mean... Grass Simulator...
I generally enjoy fantasizing about how I'd like to go out. Like, maybe I take a bullet saving someone's life. Maybe I become a police officer and die in a gun fight. Maybe I choke on a pepperoni off of a pizza I got from Pizza Hut.
Couldn't agree more. Everyone I've let get close to me in the past either stabbed me in the back, or just vanished. So now I hate getting close to people.
"Normal" people do go through periods like this, yes. It's usually viewed as a minor form of depression, but it could also just be sadness, or grieving.
The worst is when your're lying there, trying to sleep, but can't because all you can think about is all the things you depression is making you think about.
I feel nostalgia comes from when you were younger. So if he was say, 10 when he played a game, and is now 20, then said game is nostalgic. It doesn't really matter how old the title is, just how long you've been away from it, or what fond memories you created in it.
Portal 1 was more like a prequel than it's own story. Game was short, good, and very minimal story. It was basically just introducing players to the world of Portal.
Any Final Fantasy game.
And Staying alone = More Money Which = More Pizza
I've just always enjoyed all the FF stories. Never really found one I disliked.
There's me, sitting there, enjoying some Game of Thrones, all the while enjoying some cookies and milk, all excited for the finale. And then it jumps to Dorne.
Yeah, but I don't think Jamie can be the Queen Slayer of Dany. Ain't no one gonna fuck around with dragons.
I haven't bought it yet, but I'm probably getting Skull Girls, and The Sims 3. Skull Girls looks interesting, and I've only played the first Sims back when I was like 5.
Not like this.
I do it all the time. Even when in public. I don't know why, but it makes me feel more confident if I feel like I have an audience watching my every move. So I talk to myself, as though I am talking to an audience.
It's a terrible thing, being told: "It'll get better when you're older/out of highschool!" and then being completely abandoned by the people who told you that the moment you graduate.
I'm getting there myself. I don't usually show my depression, especially in public. But today, while shopping, I sat down on a bench in the store for no reason, and just stared at the floor, watching people pass me by. I just zoned the fuck out in the middle of the mall. I take pride in my mask. Probably shouldn't, it's probably unhealthy for me, but fuck it. I worked hard molding that mask, that persona that isn't me, to the point where I sometimes fool myself. So seeing myself slip like that fucked me up.
Prior to Viking update? So will Fafnir's VP not be on sale? Fuck.
&lt;3
I asked a few people if they wanted to hang out, most of them were going out with other friends, and didn't bother to invite me. So guess I'll just be sitting in my room, lol.
I should also specify, it's usually NYE/New Years. As in, around midnight. That's when my anxiety attacks start to lose their shit.
Maybe it's something we haven't seen story wise. Maybe Sombra hacked Tracer's accelerator one time, or almost killed someone close to Tracer, like Winston, or even Emily. Or maybe it's because Sombra is more of the lone wolf type, who uses people to get what she wants. We've seen from her trailer, that she used Talon to get to the Russian (leader?), maybe she used Overwatch in the past, too. Or maybe she used Tracer, and then betrayed her.
Japanese, because I've always loved their culture, and how their language sounds.
&gt; If she is 100% perfect for you and exactly what you're looking for, but you are not 100% perfect for her and exactly what she's looking for, then she's only 50% perfect for you. This is not your perfect partner. She's just somebody who's opened your eyes to some of the traits you'd really like your future partner to have. I'm going through a similar thing as the OP (well, the whole liking a girl, thinking they're the "one", getting rejected, and what not), and this right here actually helped me a lot. I never really thought about it. I've recently gotten over her (I mean, if she came to me and said "let's date" or some shit I would, but you get my meaning), and have been viewing her personality. I had thought she was perfect for me, but after reading what you said I started to pick her personality, appearance, etc. apart, to see what it was I liked, what I didn't like, and what was missing. Turns out, she's missing a lot, and has a lot of negative traits (for me) that I would rather not deal with. But the traits she does have that line up with what I like, I can look for in future experiences. For an example, she's devoted, but constantly busy. I like a woman who is devoted to her goals, but I don't like a woman who is busy to the point she hardly exists. Plus, she doesn't play video games. Like man, my one passion in life, and she doesn't even share it. How could she be perfect? :P
I cut out soda/snacks. Not entirely. I allowed myself 1 soda a month, 2 if I really needed it. Snack wise, I allowed myself 1 snack a night. But something small, like a couple of cookies (usually 4), with a glass of milk. No chocolate, or at least not much of it, at the least once a month, but I'd usually last a couple of months before I had a bit of chocolate. I still drank 2 cups of coffee a day, though. Nothing would make me give those up, lol. Three meals a day. A small breakfast, a small lunch, a decent sized dinner. I usually ended up just not having breakfast, so I could have a larger dinner. I started working out. I started easy, I started lifting some light weights. Maybe 8lbs. Did each arm 100 times. Did this for a month or two, then upped it to 200 each arm, and added squats. I'd keep upping it every month or two, or whenever I felt I could. I stopped at around 500, and kept that steady. Squats, lunges, and other things I found I could do were added to my work out session as it progressed. I have recently given all these up for an exorcise machine, which I use daily at 500 reps. Can usually knock them out in 20 minutes. After all this, I have gone from 240-50 to 170 in 2 years, and have stayed at that weight since. It won't drop lower, as I gain muscle mass that makes up for the lost fat, and my height factors that to be a healthy weight. It was a slow progress, but I am happy in my body now because of it, and I continue to grow happier the more I work out and view my body get thicker in terms of muscles.
You could have just killed him, you can return to the shrine again later to recatch it.
Well, it's not really new. I believe it started in X/Y.
I've done this purposely before. Played Hanzo and purely focused on standing on the point, then I'd say "jeez this team sucks, I'm Hanzo with gold obj time, like fuck" after we won, and I had like 4:00 on the objective. Of course, I had more deaths than eliminations, and pretty shit damage, but I held that shit down. My team got a kick out of my banter, though, lol.
I don't think he even needed to ask, lol. The OW community was saying "Yes" like a week ago.
When I pick Genji, I always start the match off by saying: "Don't worry guys, I watch Seagul stream, I'm basically a pro Genji player." with like 4 hours on Genji.
If I don't get some way, anyway, to have Terry Crews to say "Block" every time something hits my Reinhardt shield, I will legit cry.
My mommy says that people my age shouldn't suck their thumb.
Because the majority of the community wanted Mystery Heroes back, and I believe a majority wanted 1v1 replaced.
Never said that you should troll or grief, not playing the objective is debatable though. I just said it didn't matter. The reason I say it's debatable, is because it is in fact a "just for fun" mode. But the debatable part comes down to which mode in the arcade you choose. If I choose to play "No Limits" you can bet your arss I'm dicking around. 3v3 is a mode that can be taken more seriously, however. I honestly wish they would take it out of the Arcade and make it it's own thing, with stats and such. "All Brawls" is too hard to say, as it's a bunch of random gamemodes, it's kind of hard to take serious. Mystery Heroes is a very odd gamemode to debate taking serious. I can see it taken seriously, but it also just seems like a gamemode to dick around in, considering you're given a random hero. And lastly, the featured mode. I view this one as serious as well, but with a grain of salt. On modes like Oasis, where it's meant to try out a specific map, I don't really focus on winning. I won't ignore the point, but my main goal here is to learn the map, learn what works where. I'd test out the leaver thing, but I'd like to get my second star tonight.
I did mention that Ster was talking about it, right? If it's misinformation, you should say something to the grand masters who talk about it on their streams (not that they'd respond, or care). Even Seagul has talked about it. And you're right, there are few cheaters in NA. And the only time NA usually even has a huge cheater problem is during free weekends. But did I specify NA? No I did not. Maybe Ster did, but when I say it's getting out of hand, I mean collectively. And the only time NA usually even has a huge cheater problem is during free weekends. That number is probably more like 70 or 80%, you saying 99% is misinformation in itself. And usually, those people are only in gold and under. Maybe platinum, but I haven't made it that far before to find out. This mentality of "Oh you're just salty, it's not a hacker" is also how a good portion of hackers get away with what they do. It's the "Boy cried wolf" effect. Because so many people claim everyone is hacking, when someone actually notices a hacker, they get pinned for being salty.
I'd like a Pirate hero. We have a cowboy, a ninja, a technician, a dwar- I mean swedish guy, a monkey, and so on and so forth. And while we have plenty of pirate themed skins, we have no direct pirate hero.
They did. If I remember what I read correctly, they both agreed that Symmetra wasn't viable on most maps, but her turrets could be considered viable on a few map. Or something like that. Wonder what they both think now that she's buffed.
Me having a girlfriend.
Request: Solosis IGN: Fetch Deposited: Staryu/No Gender/lvl23 Message: I want to trade for a Pokemon that is strong in battles
Well, now I am naming my Solgaleo Reinhardt.
"I need healing! You called for a doctor? Patching you up." - Mercy to herself
That's why as Lucio I stay near the payload, or at least in sight of it. If they need healing, they know to go to or within eye-sight of the payload. I'll move accordingly, while keeping the payload in sight to continue to heal the rest of my team. As Mercy or Zenyatta, though, I find it is the most annoying. I spend more time chasing down my teammates than I do healing them. As Ana, fuck everyone. I know, you want to bunny hop, and zig zag, it's fun, I do it too. But when you need healing, stand the fuck still, or walk normally.
Torbs turret would also be nice to see, as a Reinhardt at least. Like, if the point is in a pickle, I'd like to know where it is so I can shield it while it blasts the people on the point. It would also just be nice to know where the healers are in general. As Reinhardt, my shield prioritizes keeping the healers alive. But half the time I don't even know where tf they are.
CUT MY STEAK IN TWO PIECES THIS IS A PLASTIC FORK
"We need a tank" **Picks Bastion**
44 people said Mercy was a tank.
I'm a pretty good Lucio, and I still get flamed by my team. "You need to learn how to heal your team" "Where tf is our healer?" Even though I have 20k healing, and am literally standing in front of them or on the Payload. A part of being support is also supporting your team's mental stability. Regardless of how you do, you will get flamed as a support, and you have to accept it. Your team needs an outlet, someone to make them still feel macho, someone to blame for their mistakes, and as support you are basically saying "I'll be that should you can cry on". I know I'm a good Lucio, and I know that the Genji that rushes in 1v6 and then blames me for his death is a bad Genji. So regardless of how much he calls me bad, I know otherwise.
"We don't need a Lucio, change to Mercy pls."
I have a main for each role, but the one I consider my "main main", is Reinhardt. I love supporting my team, and I don't mean through heals. I mean through soaking up damage, body blocking, and peeling for my team. Reinhardt does this best. His shield soaks up damage, his hit box is large enough to body block well, and his charge/ult peels enemies perfectly. On top of that, he can still dish out damage.
I believe they are called leggings. :P
I ship it.
That's why I focus her. I will literally walk through her team just to kill her, even if I die. I'd rather my team wipe the other team with me dead, than them get wiped, get revived, and bring it back around.
&lt;3
The amount of times I saw people doing this stuff in my qualifiers was horrifying. I just wanted to qualify so I could start raising my rank. But every match, except maybe one, there was someone flaming someone for something.
I think Dany and Jon are gonna get together, fuck a bunch, and then completely abolish the whole "throne" thing, and unite all of Westeros against the White Walkers. Did I mention they'd fuck a bunch? Not like I ship it or anything...
"[Soo-Shine](https://youtu.be/5vxsE2SejHI?t=50s)"
I'm quite sure OP was using GTS. Which, as far as I am aware, has no way of viewing a pokemon's IVs, stats, move set, or even nature.
"Hey Overwatch fans, if you play our inferior, mess of a game, you could earn rewards! Pfft, what's Overwatch, compared to OUR game? A hell of a lot better, that's for sure. Hahaha. But seriously, play our game."
IGN: Fetch Deposited: Scyther/F/Lvl49 Requested: Missing Sp. Atk MSG: Please trade Pokemon with me. Thanks in advance.
I had a guy blame me for hacking because I shot a junkrat grenade randomly into the air while running back to point, and it killed him. "Fucking aimbot Junkrat"
Trust me, that isn't the worst thing you can do in this world. Nothing is wrong with you. You are in a dark, dark place, where you can't really control your thoughts, or what you say. You may think you can, but you cannot. Don't blame yourself for this, blame this messed up disease known as depression. You are not evil.
Happy Birthday, hope your day goes well. Most of my friends bailed on me for my birthday, even though we had plans, they for whatever reason got busy anyway. It's not fun spending it alone, but I treated myself. I suggest you do the same. Take some money, if you have any, and just go from store to store, buying things you see that you may want. Buy yourself some food, coffee if it's your fancy, and just enjoy the day.
No one taking out the Bastion? CHECK! Just stand in front of him for a hot second, pop your shield, go back to cover, and fire pulse grenades at his robotic ass until he's dead.
193 so far. Like 40 of those hours are on Reinhardt.
The reason Mei is getting a second "Event Legendary" skin in a row, is because a majority of the OW community was mad about the last Mei legendary, as it was just a pallet switch with a hat. The OW team said they wouldn't undo their decision, but would make up for it in the future, by being better at how they choose legendaries, and promising the majority of the community who assumed Mei wouldn't be getting a skin for a while that they'd be pushing one out in the "next event". It's really just a way to appease the majority of the community. They have already also stated that they will be doing more skins like the ones they did with Reinhardt. Unfortunately, this stuff takes time.
The rating system is there for a reason. "Rated T for Teen" is purely based on the game's content. However, if you look further at the ESRB rating system, you will find that they say "Ratings do not pertain to online play. Online play ratings may vary, player discretion is advised." Or something along those lines. This is purely for Voice Comms, because you cannot control, nor change, how people act in them. Nothing you can say can stop people from throwing around profanity in comms, as to most people of this era they are just "words" (which in fact they are, but that's a different topic). In this case, it is the parent's responsibility to take precautions for their children if they do not wish the child to hear such language. This can be done by turning off chat (or simply turning on the profanity filter), and turning off comms. It is not the developer's place to parent children, nor is it the player's. While most players are respectable towards kids (at least the ones I have come across), they have no obligation to be other than their own moral values.
I hate when people say "bad team". Oh yes, because you being in bronze are so much better than the rest of your bronze teammates. No, you're also shit.
I wish I had played Rein more in my placements, honestly. He's my best character, and I perform really well with him. Of course, I just wanted to play Lucio for my placements, because I didn't want people bitching over healers (and because I like playing Lucio). I don't know if that hurt me or not.
The pre-made thing is true. I run with a pre-made, I'm the quiet one of the group (aside from my call outs, and random "NOOOOOOO" when Reinhardt charges me). But my friends will almost never shut up.
McCree or Soldier.
I liked the way it was before, when you got promoted the amount of XP required was reset, so you ended up earning lootboxes a little faster for 21 levels. But I think they could do a little something, maybe like a player icon that's animated for each 100 levels or something. But I don't really want them to put too much development time into this, so they could just make a "promotion" loot box, that gives one guaranteed epic/legendary, and cannot contain duplicates.
That's what me and my group started doing. Set up a Discord to talk privately, so we don't have to constantly switch, or forget to switch. A simple fix for PC, would be to let you access both Group and Team chat, but with different Push to Talk buttons. Want an open mic? Then just set one to Open Mic, then the other is required Push 2 Talk. While this means they might just not talk in Team Chat, they can still hear you.
Just mute the problematic players. Problem solved.
"Wrestle with Jeff, prepare for death." Guess the Terry Crews as Doom Fist rumors were false.
If the enemy has a Rein, it always helps the team if you can manage to hack him to remove his shield. This could be to just allow your team to fire, or just to let your Dva get an ult off without it being wasted on a shield.
Little late to the draw, my friend.
You can rejoin games. This means that while you were restarting it, it ended, or the rest of your team left and forfeited the game.
Was announced for Tuesday.
3 medals, probably did better over all. Meaning if you both had the same 3 medals, she did more in one or more of the categories than you did.
You leave Mercy out of this.
Apparently, people think there's a hack for everything.
With these upgrades, they never stood a chance.
I hope to Jeff this happens. I would die.
D.va is literally an icon in Korea, just like in her lore. It's actually kind of interesting.
Who would win in a wrestling match, Jeff or Terry Crews?
His bubble needs a buff. Right now, there is no reason to choose the bubble barrier over Reinhardt's wall. In any situation. Hell, even D.va's defense matrix is better. And as you said, the CD is terribly inconvenient. Rein's is usually back up to about 500-600 HP in 2 to 3 seconds. D.va's can be used throughout it's CD. Poor Winston's bubble is just MIA until further notice. But a single character can break his bubble after a few seconds of firing. I don't think damage is an issue for him, he can handle squishies pretty well. But since we're in the Tank Meta right now, his damage is kind of useless. Hopefully that changes with the drop of the Tank Meta. But I do think a small tweak in damage would help regardless. Increase in range? I'm a bit split on this. While one part of me is screaming "OP AF" the other part of me is saying: "Yeah, I can see he needs it." I think he needs an armor increase, more than a health increase. Allows him to soak up more damage, letting him stay in the front line longer. His ult needs adjusting. I don't know how, but to me it feels really awkward to use. But that could just be my lack of understanding.
Finding a scarf.
Probably.
Yes, in real life. They view her as a success icon for women in the e-sport scene. Or something along those lines.
Weekends are terrible for solo-queue. I have never played a game where the weekends weren't terrible.
I think Winston needs a buff to his bubble, or a change to it. The CD and low health is just killing it. There is literally very few reasons you'd choose a Winston over another tank currently in the meta (this may change after nerfs to the tank meta).
Jan. 24th. Only guessing it because it's the day Overwatch gets an update, so it be cool.
You should say more than that. Jeff is the definition of sexual desire.
Sombra = Anti-spawn camp, CONFIRMED.
Front page of Reddit, damn. Fresh as fuck.
Reinhardt, Lucio, and D.va are all I need in life. Still no Sombra though.
Come on down to Ol McOverwatch's Farm, where you can find your best deals on potatoes, milk, eggs, and butter.
Jobs seem harder to come by these days. I would be out of here if I could find another one, but everywhere I've applied never called back.
I approve this message.^flair^confirms
If they were to bring this mode back (which I completely think they should), they need to give it it's own map. Right now it's fine, as it's a Chinese event on a chinese map. But if this mode were to be an actual mode, the maps need to be larger. There's no real chase mechanic, or paths to take that cut off the flag carrier. In fact, most of the map is usually unused, and instead people just funnel into one path, get a huge team fight going, rush in, rush out, and score. Or both teams just camp their flag, resulting in a draw.
I agree with this. No one is OP. I find Symmetra very easy to deal with. I don't view her as "OP" just unfair. Actually, a better way of putting it is "unforgiving". Simply due to the range of her beam. But a small issue like that doesn't make her OP. Roadhog isn't OP at all. He's a one-trick pony. He has nothing at his disposal other than his hook. He is a front-line harasser (who can also harass the back line, and act as anti-flank). This doesn't make him OP, it makes him good at his job. Whoever says D.va's matrix is OP has 0 idea what they are doing. Her matrix is (currently) very easy to deal with, by just getting up close to her (this will be getting buffed). But even after the buff, you can still out fight her. The entire time her matrix is up, she cannot shoot, meaning in order to shoot she has to drop it, and odds are if you will always be able to out-gun her, especially now that she is less bulky. People don't understand the meaning of "OP".
300+ lootboxes in, and still waiting for that one to make up for them all.
&gt; children of immigrants Technically speaking, everyone in America is a child of an immigrant, unless they're Native American.
I main D.va because I'm lonely, and attached to an animated chick in a video game.^/^s^kinda
Ultra SuMo
"Never before seen in **Alola**" So basically Kanto forms can be found in Alola now. /s
**accidentally gets teammate killed** "UNDERSTOOD!"
I remember when McCree was OP, and everyone on this subreddit was raging about it. Now he's UP. Boy, this cowboy gets around.
*What's all this standing around for?*
No thank you. As someone who is light sensitive, white is a really bad color for me to look at on a computer screen. I don't even know how I use reddit, lol. I have to get off of reddit after a while, or I start to get a headache. If I had to worry about getting a headache while playing my favorite game, I'd have to stop playing.
I had someone complain that Bastion was a worse pick than Orisa, once. He legit flamed me over comms for this. We lost, and he still blamed me, even though I was on fire for a good portion of the match, had like 48 elims, 4 gold medals (Elims, Damage, Obj. Time, and Obj. kills). People need to understand that if someone is picking an off-meta pick, the usual reason why is because that person is comfortable with that character, which usually means they are better with them. Don't worry about what your team is doing, worry about what you are doing.
I went from 450 something, to 558 this event. I did the arcade wins, and this was my haul: 3/11 Event Skins 14/24 Dance emotes 30~/48 voice lines I got 5000 gold this event, and I spent it on dance emotes. I bought 8/14 of the dance emotes I have, meaning I bought just over half the dance emotes. However, I got like 7 legendary items that had NOTHING to do with this event. 2 currency, 2 tracer skins, a lucio skin, and the rest were dupes. I also got duplicate event skins, I got Zarya's 3 times, I got D.va's 2 times, and Lucio's 2 times. I'd spend more money on lootboxes, if I actually ever got anything from them. But at my level, everything is a duplicate. Lootboxes are just currency boxes to me. Duplicates need to be buffed slightly for their yield. Mainly, the event legenaries, but I think all the event stuff should yield more currency. I also feel that once you get an event legendary, you are locked from getting it again. It's such a bad feeling when you buy lootboxes, and get a yellow, just to find it is an event dupe. I'll personally still probably spend money on this game, because I enjoy supporting something I put so many hours into. However, it would feel great to have that support returned. But, business is business.
Only reason to watch a vlog: To watch James give the camera the stink eye.
