boots look great. waxed laces over rawhide is kooky talk, though.
Yes, but it hasn't been officially processed yet, as they said they don't refund until it officially ships, which it hasnt yet.
natty cxl is probably my favorite boot I own. If I could only pic one, I'd definitely choose it over the shell, though obviously the shell is great too.
After VAT refund the pair I just ordered from oki-ni was 225
You handled that with far more dignity and aplomb than I would have.
I find the color on these a bit confusing. Pic #6 is the only one where they look tan/brown, the rest just look grey. Would you say most of the pics are true to color?
Side 1 is a great shot.
So who's going to sack up and do what needs doing on these EG shell derbies from the MrP sale? http://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/edward_green/windermere-cordovan-leather-derby-shoes/465706
Way off. They're going to be in the 150-200 range for sure,
Do they have to get it right? Isn't their whole business model based on avoiding all risk by putting all the uncertainty on the customer? They get to let the product validate itself. Plus I think they have a large enough user base of fanboys who will be in for one regardless. There's just no way to make a CXL sneaker for under $100 and still have room for profit though.
These look great! The last definitely reminds me of the OSB trench, but for half the price it seems like a great buy. The stitching all looks super tidy, and it has a great matte black finish. What's the outsole like? Commando lugged? Anyways, these seem like a great pickup for the price.
&gt; No eyelets though. We save you money by having you punch your own!
I would have thought so, but they fit somewhat different to my 110 boondockers. The boots are a size 9.5 and fit rather generously, whereas the oxfords are a size 10 and fit snugly in both the toe and heel. Could just be a difference in the leather or lasting process, but the fit really is quite different. Agree that my pics look similar to the reference pic in toe shape, though
I've only tried on the oxfords once, I'll check them again tonight.
[First wearing of my new CPs](http://imgur.com/kFHYIsX) Really impressed by how comfortable they are. Also appreciate that the redesign version has the cream soles rather than pure white. Overall just really enjoying these.
Wait what? Rancourt makes SWBs?
Maybe I'm just more laissez-faire about this stuff, but none of those seem like grounds for a return to me : / You'll see worse scuffs on literally your first wearing, and the heel thing seems pretty negligible inasmuch as it won't really cause any performance issues as far as I can tell.
Super impressed with shipping times from Oki-Ni in the UK. Ordered GATs on Sunday, and they're scheduled to be delivered today. I've ordered things from Chicago where I live that took 3 times as long as that to deliver.
I think if I'd lived closer to a distribution center that might have happened, but that it took an extra day to get to Chicago from there.
quick follow up, did you get hit with any customs from oki-ni?
super cool, love the RO heel counter
right, I figured it was them wanting to start the GYW run with their flagship boot that always sells well to test the waters
holy shit, look at this. [almost every size still available](http://viberg.com/collections/footwear/products/service-boot-brown-chromexcel)
I've tried on those shoes I would order the 8
I ordered them but ended up sending them back. They were nice shoes but just not what I was looking for. TTS is definitely the right way to go though.
Super cool, this exact pair and one in ravello are both grails for me. Pretty much the perfect boot. Enjoy.
&gt; if you ever need any in-person contact in Hungary, let me know, as I've been traveling there quite a bit lately and have a lot of Hungarian friends. remember how I gave you all those Nola suggestions? The girl and I are visiting Budapest and Prague later this year and would love suggestions of where to go.
I'm the second owner, but I bought them like-new from someone who they didn't fit. Let me see if I can snap some fit pics in a bit.
I just got the new achilles and like them a lot. The cream sole and cream laces are really great, and imo an improvement over the all-white retro achilles.
[family shot of my 5 pairs of vibergs](http://imgur.com/a/6PIku) I took for a writeup I'm doing for MFA.
&gt; So if I understand you correctly, the RL Marlow comes in only one brown shell color that they officially call "dark brown", but people sometimes refer to it as "cigar". I have no idea how many colors RL shell comes in, so I'm not sure if this is true or not. Shell can look very different in different colors though, so it's entirely possible those are the same shoe.
I really like shoes. I have about 25 pair and have probably spent somewhere around 5k total on them... : / Although I will insta-buy an Alden Ravello shell grant last boot if I see it (my grail), I don't see myself making too many more purchases any time soon, though.
Down a half for 2030, down a whole for 110.
I mean, it's clearly a hobby. No regular person NEEDS $700 shoes, and certainly not several of them. But it's the same as going to a fancy dinner. At some point, it's not about the utility of something that will fill you up for a few hours, but more about engaging with something you're generally interested in, and taking enjoyment and satisfaction out of the experience. Same with having nice shoes. It's something I like having, and typically do freelance work on the side for anything I want to buy, so that my main salary goes to my mortgage and shared finances with my girlfriend.
I've literally never done anything to them. This is essentially how they came out of the box plus some wear.
Not even close. Chicago.
Yes i think they probably would. A half size in length is roughly equivalent to a size in width.
No. It was stated in the SF forum that Guy said that for certain leathers (shell in particular), GYW was easier to work with, but it's not contained in their [official GYW announcement post](http://viberg.com/blogs/journal/25558660-introducing-goodyear-welt), so should probably be treated as hearsay/speculation.
Answers to a few of these are already known/knowable. Still think it's totally worth asking directly, but fwiw, here are a few quick thoughts on some of these: &gt; What was the decision making process behind the in-person sample sale in NYC? Do you foresee ever moving back to an online sample sale? Brett Viberg said somewhere on Instagram that this was simpler logistically, and wouldn't do another digital sample sale for the foreseeable future. &gt; -How do you think sales of the welted fashion boots have gone compared to your stitchdown fashion boots? What feedback have you gotten so far on the welted offerings? Sales are demonstrably poor, as evidenced by the near full availability of the brown cxl service boot several weeks after release, when they usually sell out within a couple days... Also, feedback on all social media has been overwhelmingly negative, so expect either to have this one ignored, or get a political response. &gt; -Roughly what percentage of business is from fashion vs. your traditional logger and workboots? Do you see this expanding in coming years? It was mentioned on SF that it's ~90% fashion these days.
Maybe. Although there's no way of knowing, there's no reason I'm aware of to assume that would be true, either.
&gt; Am I going to save money by buying quality $250 sneakers over some disposable $50 pair once per year? No. Robot said it well. And for sneakers I think the value proposition is even worse than for boots of dress shoes. I have a 2 pairs of Common Projects and a pair of MMM GATs and while I enjoy them all very much, if value prop is the name of the game, I don't think you're better off relative to getting something cheaper and just throwing it out after a year.
I can't wait to get mugged up there!
the Black RO are great
Anytime else in favor of eliminating the After Dark discussion threads? Theyre usually not very busy (15 or so comments) and then the next days GD comes along too late....
&gt; The food is Royal Canin Urinary SO I just switched one of my cats to that. It's crazy expensive, but if it solves her bladder issues its worth it.
I'd definiteyl order something on the 310 if it was in a tough, hard wearing leather. Something like a bridle or dublin or brown waxed flesh.
I sized mine the same
Wiwt: [MMM GATs](http://imgur.com/a/j37ri). First time I've worn them. So comfortable. Aotd: My legendary love of cashews.
Your toes really shouldnt ever touch the front of the boot. If the widest part of your foot sits at the widest part of the boot, that's definitely a good sign, but not the only indicator of perfect fit. Overall if they feel comfortable and fit snug in all the right places, you're probably good to go, and space in front of your toe isn't cause for concern.
It's hard to tell, but I'm wearing a sort of ankle sock. It's a bit taller than a no-show, but only about as tall as the shoe itself, which I figured was a pretty good compromise.
I thought the US office certainly had its moments, but... I don't know. At some point, it really fell off for me and I just sat there thinking, "I hate all of these people. I don't want to watch their antics anymore"
The crepe wrap looks comfortable, but also looks like it would just get obliterated by walking around on concrete in the city. If I lived in more of an outdoorsy place I'd definitely consider those, though.
i mean, there's already Jdate which, aside from the puntastic name, pretty much is OkJewpid.
Mine too if I wasn't already in an 8 year relationship with a goy.
winner
These are literally perfect.
&gt; South Park Stick of Truth I'm about an hour into this and am getting a little frustrated. You really think its worth sticking with?
i would subscribe to that.
Here you go http://shoplostfound.com/collections/viberg/products/viberg-natural-chromexcel-service-boot
Couldn't decide what boots to wear today. Then thought to myself, [Why not shell berg?](http://imgur.com/YLhDaCq,sNT7sew) GD: I started by writing up a giant wall of text about the nonsense regarding the banning of FPH, but then just deleted it because why bother and what's the point. Suffice it so, I'm unbelievably embarrassed by the behavior of my peers, and to call myself a redditor today.
you can love it, you just cant make love to it.
I like my belt from Orion and it was about $40
[Alden - Reverse Chamois Derbies - Sz 10C (barrie last) - ~~$200~~ $160](http://www.grailed.com/listings/98933-alden-reverse-chamois-derbies) - Although these are listed as a 10C, I wear a D width in everything and they don't feel at all tight or narrow to me. Feature a commando sole which makes them great for wet weather, but look fantastic sockless for summer. Even though they're a C width, they honestly don't feel at all narrow to me. I typically take a D and these fit just fine.
If anyone's willing to proxy me a size 10 gyw derby shoe (preferably olive calf) from the sample sale, hmu. Will compensate for your time.
Got a proxy on the viberg olive derbies... Makes that pair number 6 for me... and now twice the number of my next most-owned brand (alden).
I believe all of the olive calf run was GYW, as were mine. I saw some pics of other derbies that were SD, though.
On a boot of this caliber, is the grain embossed or authentic?
If it was anyone else I'd say embossed for sure, but EG is a whole other level that I honestly don't know too much about, so thought the real deal was at least a possibility.
If you get something please pm me. They were out of ten so I got 10.5, although supposedly gyw fits snugger so who knows
[The Onion, pertinent as usual](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/hunter-s-thompson-shoots-mouth-off-one-last-time-9694)
Looks awesome, my pair should arrive tomorrow. I had the choice between leather and dainite, and ended up going for the dainite, though now I'm kind of second guessing that. Leather sole looks great.
[135](http://imgur.com/XA5cXTL). Was just my first try, but think I could probably do a bit better if I tried again.
great combo
no joke, i get that (or some variation thereof) about once a week...
porntipsguzzardo
i can quit any time i want. i just dont want to.
*diabolicaljesus
Looks so good! Did your name just come up on the waiting list, or did you have to give someone an under the table handy, or what? That boot in ravello is my grail, but i love the cigar, too.
Crashing at an AirBNB in venice beach, but we're renting a car and will be going all over. Food: we're both big food people, and are open to just about anything, from fine dining all the way down to street food. I'd like to get some nice seafood while I'm out there, and good mexican food too, but honestly, totally open to whatever.
i can do that when i get home, though unfortunately I suspect the results aren't as conclusive as you're hoping for. All of my 2030 lasted boots have relatively different toe shapes to one another, as each leather takes the shape of the last quite differently.
probably natty cxl, they're just so cool, but close would be the tan calf just because the color is so unique, and because the delicate, thin calf leather really takes the shape of the 2030 last so well and gives a nice taper to the toe that the others don't quite get.
I have a patch like that on my shell dress shoes, its dryness not bloom
Awesome thanks so much, really appreciate the recos, will definitely look into these!
I believe it's 50%...
The contrast tongue makes the boot. Definitely don't purposely darken it!
The ironing is delicious.
Would have grabbed those but they'll only ship to your billing address which would be a nightmare. Whatever, doesn't need them anyways
Or his nipples, would would have made a pretty sharp medallion on the toe
In my experience heavier leathers fit larger and looser, not tighter, because they don't take the shape of the last as well
TTS for me.
That's not my finger. My penis actually has a condition called dermatosclerosis that causes it to grow a nail like a finger. Sharp eye!
Got back from LA late last night. Had an extremely close and personal encounter with the TSA getting on the plane, as they immediately pulled me into a little room and seemed kinda freaked out. After patting me down and riffling through all my stuff, they let me go, but I [found this sitting in the bin with my bag](http://imgur.com/uPsZlyn). Yeeps. Current theory is that because I hiked through the desert earlier that day, naturally occurring radioactive material triggered a false positive on the swab test. So that was fun. Incidentally, only took one pair of shoes to LA, my black M(M)M GATs. They got dusty as hell on the hikes I went through, but were comfortable throughout and brushed down admirably afterwards. After we got back from hiking, we were looking through my filmmaker friends' lookbook, and he had my exact shoes as part of his ideal wardrobe for one of the characters, and its only then that he looked down and goes, "Wait, did you go hiking through the desert today in $400 sneakers?"
&gt; Too bad I don't like any other companies as much, this experience has almost turned me off the brand. Im not sure I understand your complaint with Viberg's CS. They gave you an answer, and it wasn't the one you wanted, so you're mad at them...? How does that work?
yeah well it would have been easier to remember that if you hadn't deleted the post, wouldnt it?
Dayton service boots in charcoal.
Which charcoal, textured boot should I buy: RBC Dundalk or Dayton Service Boot?
&gt; Does anyone know how should I size in those? Size in what?
As /u/BAonReddit said, it's missed dye spots. Although you can try and mask it with polish, I would recommend not, as I don't think they will cover up completely without really caking the polish on, and I think it's likely you end up with something worse than what you started with. Fwiw, imo, I think that looks pretty good, and don't think anyone will notice, so I'd just leave it be.
It's friday after a long long week, and was just sitting at home watching the Sopranos. Like most of you, I've been absently flicking back and forth between the RBC massdrop swatches on and off all day. Had a free sec and mocked up the different colors in photoshop. Certainly not perfect, but hopefully of some interest to y'all.
I mean, it's super, super arbitrary deciding when the adjustment matches that little swatch. No clue how close I actually am, so definitely take with a grain of salt. edit: also, when you account for the lighting (natural daylight vs indoors), I actually think my olive looks pretty close to the one you linked.
oh cool, those Eastland mocs? Those are great, how do you like them?
imo, daytons. I like the shape of the last better for casualwear. I own one pair of RBCs (not dundalks though), and theyre very well made, but in general a bit dressy in terms of their shape. The daytons have more of a viberg-style chunkiness to them that I really, really like.
Just a heads up for anyone that looked at my RBC renderings: After looking at them again in the morning, t's possible the olive should be a bit greener/olive-ier, the charcoal should be a bit darker, and the cognac should be a little less saturated in its orange-ness. In doing these recolorings there's definitely a bit of guesswork, especially as you try to account for the lighting of the environment the boots are in. Case in point, the tone of the room is already pretty yellow/orange, which will make things that have a yellowish cast to them look less yellow, hence why the olive boots appear a bit grey here. If they were outdoors or in a more neutral environment, they will look a bit greener. But it's difficult to know for certain how accurately I've captured how this particular leather would look in this particular light. As such, treat these pics as a sort of rough guide, and use/rely on them at your own discretion
oh totally misread your post. dang.
http://www.amazon.com/Strong-Flat-Waxed-Shoe-Laces/dp/B007B8SKL0
Do it! Been loving my [ripple sole bergs](http://imgur.com/frCLD1o). The ripple is pretty subtle and you only notice it from certain angles.
Mine need new heels, too, but I've basically just taken them out of my rotation while I figure it out. Let me know what you end up doing.
I think a big part of the difference in demeanor is the culture of the two companies. Viberg is much more rock and roll. The owner is a young guy making extremely niche, high end boots for a hyper-fashion conscious subset, and doesn't really have much fear of alienating his audience. AE in contrast is much, *much* larger than Viberg. Exactly how much bigger is a guess, but by sales it's probably around 50x. It makes middle-tier, conservative products for bankers, lawyers and anyone else wanting a high quality, good value, but fundamentally conservative shoe. It comes from a classic tradition, and I have no doubt the dude really does personally know folks at Alden, etc. There's just no way he's ever going to say anything even remotely controversial in that context. Too much to lose, nothing to gain.
Moving sucks. Bought an apt with the gf last winter so hopefully I won't have to do it again any time soon &gt;.&lt;
Oh no doubt theyre great. But they can get pretty pricy. If youre really committed to saving that sweet sweet Berg money, you can make a pretty great yet affordable sportcoat out of thumbtacks and strips of beef jerky. If anyone asks, something something lady gaga
It's honestly just not a fight you're really ever going to win. When the lease is up, try to find people who live a lifestyle more compatible with yours.
An $800 shoe probably won't last 3x as long as a $250 shoe. It might not even last longer at all. Whether that extra $550 was "worth it" is entirely subjective.
[I own a tangente](http://imgur.com/UtBSUGt) and can't recommend it enough. I prefer the smaller 35mm version and find the proportions better than the larger 38mm model, but would urge you to try it out for yourself if possible. You can't really go wrong either way though.
The AEs carried by Nordstrom Rack are typically seconds, returns, or other rejects. Personally I think they're fine. The only thing that even raises an eyebrow is the crease in the first picture, but it's in an unnoticeable location and will crease up in a similar fashion naturally after a few weeks of wear. The scuffs and other color stuff later in the album are non-issues. I'd keep them, but if you're disappointed with them, then return them. But I wouldn't start engaging any customer service or contacting anyone about them, they're not going to have any useful information or ability to do anything except offer to return or exchange them. Just keep them or return them, whichever you prefer.
[Max Bill today](http://imgur.com/RNmBd6B) as I mourn the end of winter break before having to go back to work tomorrow. GD: Last week I swung by the Rolex AD, as I've been thinking about buying an Explorer for a while now. And in fact, I did! Just ordered a 114270 off the WUS forum last night. But I had a few interesting findings while I was there: • I was really surprised by how much I liked the Submariner. At 40mm it's larger than I typically like to wear, but it wore a lot smaller and more compactly than I expected it to. Definitely something I hope to own in the future. • The 39mm Explorer felt way too big, and really re-affirmed my choice to get the older 36mm version. • I also really liked the new Oyster Perpetuals, but again thought the 39mm size was too large. I wish the grey Rhodium dial with blue dots version came in 36mm. • Overall I was very impressed with the fit and finish of Rolex. They all looked much better in person than in photos, which was my exact opposite impression from visiting the Omega boutique, where literally nothing interested me. I had gone in thinking I was in love with the new 300m Seamaster, but was surprised to find I really didn't care for it at all in person. For whatever it's worth, I also seem to be something of an anomaly in that I've never particularly liked the Speedmaster from photos, and was equally non-plussed after seeing one in person... For reference, I'm 6'3, so I'm on the tall side, but have relatively small-ish wrists at 6.75". I still have reservations about wearing a Rolex. I'm really worried it sends the wrong message, especially as I'm a partner at the business I work at, but it's a very, very casual office and no one really dresses up at all, let alone wear luxury watches. But I got a pretty reasonable deal on my Explorer and am confident I can get out even or at a small loss if I find myself too uncomfortable wearing it, so I figured, what the hell, let's give it a shot!
voted!
im not, i just googled the model and it came up.
in my opinion this is way too big for you, but sometimes photos can be a little misleading, and it depends on how you wear it, how big you are in general. I also like smaller watches, but yeah, to me that looks way too big.
i think the most important thing is that you be happy with them, not that you do what strangers on the internet tell you to do. if you're not happy, you should return them.
"Value" is arbitrary and subjective. Why do mechanical watches have value when quartz is cheaper and more accurate? Why buy a luxury swiss watch when a seiko 5 is also mechanical at 5% of the price? I understand you think that markup is unreasonable, and I don't disagree, per se. But what is the "cost" of exclusivity? And for that matter, what is its "value"? Some people have so much money that exclusivity starts to be the only thing that matters. They can already have essentially anything they want, so exclusivity becomes a commodity.
I've literally never seen a watch that old with a case diameter that large. I'm sure they do exist (or used to at least), but finding one that also meets your other conditions sounds extremely difficult, and if somehow all those stars align, be prepared to pay through the nose.
if /r/goodyearwelt counts (which it sort of does as long as you also post your shoes) then yes!
that jacket is amazing.
Looking forward to a lazy Saturday before going to Hateful Eight later tonight, so shoes yet, today, but did want to share my [latest acquisition](https://i.imgur.com/jh7O2vO.jpg). Picked this guy up used this week and it's amazing!
i used watchrecon to find a seller on WatchUSeek.
36mm, it's a 114270. i tried the newer 39mm on at an AD and it was waaaaay too big. I much prefer smaller watches and think this is pretty much the perfect size
Such watches are sold every day on ebay. There are various reasons you might not want to use them, but safety isn't really one of them. In addition, I just bought a rolex through Watchuseek without any issue. I also don't understand what kind of AD doesn't have a return policy. That and the warranty are the literal only reasons to buy through an AD. Now that window might have elapsed and it could now be too late, but it would surprise me if that had never been an option if it was truly purchased through an AD. Start by listing it on Ebay, Amazon and in the watchexchange sub. You can also try listing it on watchuseek, rolexforum, etc., but your lack of prior posting history might be an obstacle for those sites. List it at a slight loss and see what happens. If no one bites, you honestly don't have a ton of other options, except to keep lowering the price, or waiting for the right buyer to come along.
I have the black version of this watch, which is a different color and has no date. I like it well enough. It's very beautiful, though it sometimes feels a little delicate, not quite as solid as some of my other watches. Overall I do recommend it though.
Nothing wrong with posting here, but I'd also recommend going to watchrecon, set a budget of ~$650-700 (people will usually negotiate), and just browse around. Even if you don't end up buying or offering anything on there, it will give you a good idea of what options are available at that price range.
ok, so I just got the first clear, and I'm very, very confused, because the level ended a lot sooner than I expected it to. Is there an easy ending and a hard ending? If so, you should remove the easy ending. The level was very fun and interesting, so for that reason, it was extremely disappointing and anticlimactic to have to beat the level after dropping through the pipe and into the turnaround with the chicken sound effects. I wanted to interact with the rest of the level but wasn't given the option to. To clarify, the way I beat the level utilizes extremely few of the screens. I don't think I cheesed it either... Idk
yep, this is what i did.
Short answer: taste is subjective. People wear what they like. I may disagree with what someone else likes, but neither of us are "correct". Our tastes are our own. Long answer: Clothing is a very, very old human invention. We've literally always had it. So clothes have had a long time to be integrated into a ton of cultural traditions. As such, we all wear clothes. They're necessary for modern life. And we all understand basic rules of how to use them, some with more nuance or style than others. But none of that is really quite true about watches. Sure there is etiquette and history around what kind of watch is appropriate for which settings. But the key is, not everyone wears a watch, and extremely few of the people who do actually *need* to (as opposed to choose to.) So there is just way less cultural attention and definition over their usage. I think there's also a general generational shift away from putting much importance on clothes as a cultural signifier, but that's a whole other topic. Anyways, all of which to say, watches never really developed an "objective" (depending on who you ask) correct size. As in all things, watch design is subject to fashions and trends, but in clothing, there are actual rules (in addition to fashion and trends too, of course)
[Nomos](http://imgur.com/aebaiRU) for the sake of balance as I restrain myself from only wearing [my new Rolex](http://imgur.com/dS9ZKpG) every single day.
Viberg Natural CXL Service Boot, my favorite pair i own
very nice, domed crystal looks excellent on this piece.
This in my opinion is the ultimate version of this watch. The simplified dial layout, aluminum bezel, alpha hands and display caseback are all huge improvements over the typical speedy. Throw that bad boy on a tan leather strap and you're getting close to perfection territory.
what do you like better about it, the darker color?
since when does saying "what do you guys think" constitute insecurity? Have I expressed any ambivalence, insecurity or uncertainty at any point in this thread? I'm unsure what the above is based on, but think it makes you sound pretty condescending : / Is THAT the trait Rolex had in mind in designing the explorer?
I have the black version of this and got it for ~$730 or so from some Spanish grey market site
This is a great boot, and I would take the cxl over shell any day!
There's too much variance in this price range to give particularly useful advice without any direction. At this budget you can get a watch in almost any style you can imagine. People have suggested watches in this thread that I would never be caught dead wearing, but different folks for different folks, and whatnot. I would personally get either a Rolex SubC or [IWC portuguese](http://www.uhren-fan.de/img/articles/03.0405_1.jpg) if you like something sporty, or something like this [JLC](http://www.chrono24.com/en/jaegerlecoultre/master-ultra-thin-moon-39-stainless-steel--id3432754.htm) for something dressier. But who cares what I like? What do you like?
I work in a very casual work environment and find shell to be very ostentatious. I've owned 5-6 pairs of shell footwear, but sold them all off except for a pair black alden oxfords which are my go-to dress shoes. Even a casual color like Ravello just doesn't work for me, and I've found I much prefer calf, cxl, or latigo, or textured leathers like RO or suede.
Parnis makes a knockoff Portuguese that's like $120.
&gt; 14060 Looking for one myself, please pm me with info or a listing!
[Let's go exploring] (http://i.imgur.com/6wQqCzX.jpg)
&gt; the new but used the what?
these are sick, and I've always loved this makeup. Not my size, but an easy pickup for anyone in the market for this kind of thing.
I think the white MB Chronos is an amazing piece. I don't generally care for the visual complexity of chronometers, but if I was going to own one it would definitely be that one in white.
Very nice boots! Great pickup. One quick clarification, #8 and #16 aren't related to one another, so your description is a bit confusing/misleading. Color #8 is the name of a dye blend used by Horween in Chicago, and refers to the red concentration in the dye. #2 is bright, fire engine red, #4 is a more cherry red, and #8 is a dark burgundy. Color 16 is not anything I've ever heard of. But the description notes that the horsehide is Italian, making it likely this leather is from Comipel. Color 16 must be one of their color gradations, but it's not something that would be commonly understood, and isn't related to #8 at all.
I live around the corner from Small Cheval. It's.... dangerous.
i bought a nomos tangente off chrono24. Deal went off just fine, so I can't speak to what happens if anything goes wrong.
navy shell strap looks awesome on the speedy!
Sounds like he was out of town on business.
I work in design/technology, and I literally never seen anyone wearing anything nice of any kind ever. It's all crap, all day, everywhere you look. Watches, shoes, grease stained tshirts, the whole shebang, just all total and utter crap.
Suede game on point http://imgur.com/a/eqF20
Your first sentence doesn't seem true. Or at least, it fails to account for the fact that if there are two pirates left but you lose the flip to be the one who proposes the split, you get nothing, which I think changes your EV
Not at all disagreeing with you, but just adding on to say that the Fat Guy / Skinny Guy pairing has a ton of history, and is a long established trope, especially in comedy http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FatAndSkinny
I'm not sure there's a real answer to this question. If you're asking for my preference, it would be the C&amp;J. I prefer the shape of the last. But that's super subjective. They're pretty comparable shoes, and either should serve you well. Go with your gut, or perhaps be influenced by the advice of this sub or others. But I don't think think there's a real right and wrong here, and don't think you should stress about it too much.
&gt; I guess that is just the inescapable nature of this hobby. I guess that is just the inescapable nature of ~~this hobby~~ all hobbies. Everything in life has diminishing returns, and the dopamine rush of the shiny new thing gets harder and harder to capture with each subsequent purchase.
Except that there's a lot of things you can get addicted to that don't have a direct physiological component, like gambling. And for some things that do have a physiological component, the line between addicted and not-addicted is semi-arbitrary. Addiction is a complicated topic that with numerous pathologies, so simplifying it to the relatively narrow definition of addiction akin to nicotine isn't particularly accurate either.
&gt; Addiction is not defined by its effect, but by its cause. That's not really true. I checked the [MW defintion](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/addiction), which as you might expect is not particularly medically specific but definitely refers more to the effect than the cause. I also checked the [DSM definition](https://www.danya.com/dlc/bup/pdf/Dependence_DSM.PDF) which defines addiction as having any 3 of 7 listed traits. Of these, the distinction is admittedly a little arbitrary in the context of our conversation, but I would broadly classify the first three as biological, and the last 4 as social.
Im surprised you feel that way despite also owning an explorer. I was very underwhelmed by the sarb033, which directly drove me to get the real deal in a 114270.
Maybe (probably) other people are better at that than me, but I personally found searching for and killing the lizards in the hallow to be an enormous pain in the ass that wasn't worth my time.
nomos tangente, rolex explorer I (36mm), omega aqua terra (blue dial).
I think CXL is a little unfairly bemoaned here, and think for that boot its the perfect material! I'm sure you'll enjoy your pair.
considering you didn't want a cxl boot yourself, would you include yourself among that group?
I bought them second-hand, so I'm not exactly sure, but I believe they were from the original Styleforum sample sale from 3 years ago.
i take the same size in 2030 and barrie. Don't own trumans though.
I only ever wear jeans, but no, I never bother matching my belt.
I think it was a joke question, but the honest answer is that the zwei wouldn't have made a significant difference. I emptied an entire stamina bar's worth of hits into him and only got him to about half health. Although the zwei hits harder with each hit, it takes more stamina, and wouldn't have done significantly more damage, and wouldn't have made a difference in the outcome.
Still love my [Indies](http://i.imgur.com/gxt3Nqu.jpg), the first GYW pair I ever bought.
&gt; For a guy who's presumably working alone out of his workshop that might well be a perfectly agreeable way to to run things. That's true. If he's not interested in increasing sales and is happy doing what he's doing, then that's certainly his prerogative, and nothing anyone thinks really makes a difference.
In terms of the economics of this argument, I already addressed that [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/comments/4ms8bd/discussionwhat_are_the_watches_with_the_best_value/d3y8hcg). However, if I were a craftsperson, I would personally be embarrassed to be represented by that website. The fact that this guy isn't is something I chalk up to a generational divide that places no importance on the internet. That wouldn't be my view, but as above, it's his prerogative.
I've spent a while trying to figure out how to jokingly make a comment to the effect of "fancy everything except the watch" that didn't come off as dickish, but so far no luck. I do genuinely mean it in good humor, though. So what gives?
yeah, not sure if any RWs have pull loops. but really just use common sense. You want to always try to preserve the natural shape of the shoot, so not crushing or deforming them when taking them on/off is really what's key.
thanks! I have two, this and a tangente, and I really love them both.
ehhhh.... I haven't played all of those games, but I've played enough of them that I feel are so completely unlike dark souls, I'm not sure I give much credence to the rest of the list. Does Dark Souls have some extremely specific qualities in common with Metroid? Sure, I guess. Does the gameplay, story or most of the mechanics feel anything at all like Metroid? In my opinion, no not really. Ditto the above for Ninja Gaiden, Zelda, The Witcher, and all roguelikes. I suppose it is similar to SotC in that you have to first find the boss and then figure out the key to beating it, sometimes in rather surprising or unintuitive ways... except that I hated every second of SotC and find DS to be more interesting and enjoyable in basically every way.
I thought california dials had roman numerals on the top half and arabics on the bottom?
Great boot, great choice. Point of interest: they're the only boot worn by podcaster and official smart guy Roman Mars of 99% Invisible https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CAEVshSUsAEtkfq.jpg:large
Thanks! they've been sitting in their box for over a week and I've held off on wearing them out because I wasn't sure if I would keep them, but said fuck it this morning and wore them to work.
They generally feel pretty good. The shaft is pretty stiff, but that's to be expected and not much worry for me. Of slightly more concern is that while the sizing is spot on, they're a bit uncomfortable as I walk right at the site of pronation, as the leather folds and sits stiffly above the arch. Its not too bad though, and I expect that to loosen up a bit, as well (unlike the carmina shell GMTOs jumpers, which felt like a knife on the top of my foot with every step).
Thanks man, just got the boots in after going on a year-long shoe cop freeze and selling off some of my lesser-worn pairs. They were pricy so I've been holding off on wearing them out until I was sure I would keep them, but took them to work for the first time today.
interesting. isn't hand-welting and fine finishing Enzo's big value proposition?
Alden certainly has a "take it or leave it" attitude to their entire company, from the extremely traditional and conservative designs, to their supposedly somewhat uncooperative and unsympathetic customer service. I don't have any stats or sales figures, but my sense is that Alden is probably bigger than many of the other makes we talk about here combined, and certainly in its pricepoint, and probably only smaller than AE. That doesn't excuse their being notoriously prickly when it comes to dealing with their customers, but does at least explain it a little.
easily the worst part about SF. I bought a great apt in Chicago with my fiance for just under 300k.
dang more than I would have thought. Interestingly, the pair I find the most attractive (at least from those pics) is also by far the cheapest, as the Meermins look pretty great from that angle. However (and I swear I'm not saying this just because I now own a pair, or at least not consciously), I don't think any of them look nearly as good as real EGs.
Right now, Chicago is really at the absolute apex of the intersection of livability and opportunity. There's so much good work here in just about every field, but compared to NY or SF it's just so much more affordable. Granted you only make 80-90% for comparable work as you would in those other markets, but it literally costs less than half as much to live.
I don't own a pair, but I've tried these on a couple times at their homestore in Chicago, and they definitely fit TTS.
&gt; lobb converse style sneakers I didn't know that was a thing so I just looked them up. Well, now I know that it's a thing, but I still don't know *why* it's a thing.
[Max Bill](http://i.imgur.com/Us2pLye.jpg) peaking out from the shade.
Very nice, have had my eye on a 2503.80 for a little while now. Definitely plan to pick one up at some point.
While I think it's broadly true of all boss fights that your strat is more important than your stats and gear, I think that this is both especially true of O&amp;S, and also the first fight that really requires you to constantly be cognizant of the environment and the boss' physical relationship to you. Once you learn how to do it, the fight is honestly not that hard, but you will almost not certainly figure it out on your first try. But that's what makes it fun, and this is easily my favorite boss fight in the game.
&gt; I have heard about the monk straps working well with jeans I personally would not do that, but other people seem to make it work... If you don't feel like you can pull it off, though, I'd stay away. As far as a derby goes, I like the old Allen Edmonds Leeds, but don't like some of the stitching lines on the 2.0 release, but you could try and find the old model on Shoe Bank. Otherwise, Meermin seems like the other clear option at this pricepoint. Their current shoe offering doesn't have a ton of options, but if you're willing to consider boots they have a couple nice choices, in both [smooth calf](https://meermin.es/articulo.php?idArt=4674) and [pebble grain](https://meermin.es/articulo.php?idArt=4640).
what were you doing? not sure I'm an expert or anything, but I've beaten them a few times and definitely have a clear sense of what I personally think is the best way to go about it.
OP, just for reference, that's not a stain, that's just a natural part of the shell tanning process. Everyone's Nomos strap probably has something like that on the back.
&gt; but to imply that you shouldn't be able to get a style simply because it doesn't have the name/cost associated with the big boys is... off. I believe you should be able to, but that good taste is choosing not to.
so red....
I've never appreciated his standup, but I did like Master of None
I don't disagree he was great, I just don't think he was the first bassist to be characterized as "the greatest"
I also came to comment on the disconnect between the title and the many thousands of dollars collection, but looks like that angle is already pretty well covered.
great decision, quality over quantity any day.
I know that its wrong, but it feels so right...
&gt; Don't see why his capacity to play a video game is reflective of his personality. How close minded. i didn't say a single word about his personality... How close minded.
yeah i got it eventually, i was just being too aggressive in spamming the attacks. in NG each king went down so easily, but in NG+ I had to be a little more cautious in dodge rolling and evading that purple magic attack they do.
&gt; Over: * Footwear on sale that isn't exactly what you wanted. I hear this said a lot. And while it's certainly true to an extent, I also think people overrate the degree it's possible to know what you want in the first place, especially when you're new to the hobby. Not only do tastes evolve, but you also learn a lot about what you want through the process of making some purchasing mistakes. Don't you remember what it was like to explore? To buy something you weren't totally sure how you felt about it yet? I feel like now that I've bene interested in shoes for going on 4 years that I generally have a pretty specific sense of what I want, but that certainly was not always the case.
I feel my reports of my observations that trees don't make a significant difference are only received with hostility, thus reinforcing the status quo and discouraging further reporting.
you're not boycotting cw over the redesigned logo like everyone else on /r/watches?
I think the smaller size on this piece is 35.5mm, not 33. I much prefer the smaller size myself, but glad you're happy with your purchase.
Easy, Bed of Cha... ohh, umm. Hmm. I don't have particularly negative feelings about any of the others, I guess. I will say that on NG the boss that gave me the most trouble was easily Capra, but on NG+ it was 4 Kings. Haven't done NG++ yet, probably going to play Demons Souls first before jumping back in.
What does your build look like?
[galways all day](http://i.imgur.com/lZzwTh5.jpg)
It probably doesn't mean anything except that they forgot to update their security certificate.
In car speak, "totaled" refers to the state of a car requiring more repairs than it is actually worth. "Underwater" or "upside down" is a similar concept in real estate regarding the amount owed on the mortgage compared to the value of the property. The repairs you're talking about almost certainly exceed the cost of a new pair of Docs. Whether you have enough sentimental attachment to this pair to proceed anyways is up to you.
interesting. i logged in, and when i add stuff to cart i get about 30% off.
nope, usa all the way
For a long time I had a beige kinda oatmeal colored lace that I thought looked really nice but eventually got really gross and dirty looking. When I went to replace them I couldn't find anything similar so I got white laces from TZ a little while ago. I think they'll look a little better once they dirty up a bit.
[👉👉](http://i.imgur.com/Zmp12Il.gif?noredirect)
Totally agree with you about Viberg. In the past year I feel they've really ramped up production, and there is just so much more inventory on the secondary market, and that has really driven prices down. You also used to never see them on sale from retailers. But as both their production quantity and retail distribution network grow, you can find them on sale not infrequently.
When I visited SF earlier this year, every day we would ride the BART in from Oakland, and my daily request to please "Disembarcadero" was always met with dramatic eyerolling from my fiance.
I will gladly accept your pity laugh. Have an upvote.
...?
I actually much prefer to think it is literally insignificant. It's the ultimate mindfuck on the part of the developers, and so devious that where every other item, creature and element has hidden meaning, that they would insert something would no meaning whatsoever.
I have a pair of quoddy mocs that fit TTS, and I believe the OSBs do as well.
There's really no way to know how comfortable a last will be without trying it on.
need some deets on those sweet leopard print hello kitty converse, pls.
sounds like a real time-saver to me.
&gt; It's a generational thing, though, so I can see why he wouldn't have thought much of it. That's a very, very ugly and untrue way of justifying misogyny. His original site was legitimately offensive, and I absolutely do not accept the explanation, "Well, he's old, so he probably thought anything written on the internet doesn't count".
There was more to it than the phrase "get laid", although that was part of it. I found it legitimately offensive, and kinda think your attitude of suggesting people brush it off is very much a part of the problem : /
The more time I spend on this sub, the less I'm convinced it does anyone any good to ask the internet for its opinion. Do you like it? Can you afford it? Answer these questions carefully and honestly. If the answer to either is no, don't buy it. If the answer to both is yes, well, then there you have it.
Rolex makes no-date subs, and for longer than they've been making date subs.
you won't have a ton of choices under $50, and what choices there are are all approximately equal in quality. Just go on amazon and pick whichever one you like, no recommendation necessary.
&gt; Rolexes no date divers are pretty much reserves to enthusiasts. Or anyone who hates date complications, like me. I have a 14060 and don't consider myself an enthusiast, I just think dates kinda ruin a watch face. There are dozens of us. Dozens!
Some good advice here, but the only thing I disagree with is that worrying about poison just isn't worth it. It doesn't affect your health hardly at all, and by far the easiest way of dealing with it is to just ignore it and estus through it. Keep a few blooming purple clumps in case you get toxic darted, but I basically just pretend poison doesn't exist and find it speeds everything up significantly.
Your typography will look neater if you let the quotation marks sit outside the textbox instead of inside. &gt;.&lt; http://imgur.com/erYtYAK
It's like, how much more black could it be? And the answer is none. None more black.
if you like it, go for it.
oh that sounds nice, what color shell? brown or black?
&gt; but there are few enemies on the way to the TotG bonfire to make it clear you are doing it wrong. Assuming you're talking about the skeleton dogs or whatever they're called, I don't think there's any point in the game ever where they're supposed to be easily dealt with. They're a bit of an outlier in that sense. In almost every other area in the game, if you're at the right soul/gear level, you can more or less run up to any normal enemy and fight them one on one, but the skeleton dogs just fuck you up so hard no matter what, the game purposely makes you get crafty with them by either hitting them with a ranged spell, or learning how to avoid aggroing them. The point being, at some point you can't count on players to say, "oh that guy was really hard, i shouldn't be here anymore." Plus, TotG requires you to wade soooo far down a linear path, it's really unintuitive to expect players to just turn around midway.
&gt; no wearing armor that can protect you from attacks What does that mean? There's armor that doesn't protect you from attacks?
Oh good, I was worried I'd come to the comments and find out that not everyone felt as I did that what the author was doing was a combination of idiotic and offensive. Glad to see that wasn't the case.
near as i can tell, the pattern is exactly the same, and it's just the last and the rubber outsole that are different.
If you're trying to be completionist, there's lots of good loot in the painted world. But if you're stuck, frustrated, or just want to leave, you can run past the infected hollows and drop down into the courtyard to open up the shortcut to the phalanxes. Then once you open that up you can just speedrun to Priscilla and even leave without fighting her at all if you want.
Awesome! Yeah we're really excited. Any sense of how, or if, it will be different since they've remodeled? I think the concept is a little different now, there's three tiers of tickets you can buy, etc.
On a side note, what kind of damage is Chaos damage? Physical, fire, or its own special thing?
woah is that a glashutte flieger? wasn't aware that existed.
very nice. not necessarily the style I associate with that brand, but I'm sure it's impeccably designed and executed. How do you like it? I've been having idle thoughts of getting a nice flieger, but was mostly considering an IWC, one of the simpler Mach pieces (XII maybe?).
&gt; Surely there are "real" boots that you can wear everyday. Nope. By all accounts your IRs were real boots and they couldn't take it. There's nothing significantly different in the construction of White's or anything else that will make them hold up any better. You might get more than 6 months, but doubt you'd get more than a year, especially because if you wore them every day despite obviously knowing you weren't supposed to you rpobably didn't do a great job of caring for them in other respects, either.
I can't comment on what anyone who isn't me does. I can only tell you that your boots will last a lot longer if you don't wear them every day, and take care of them well.
&gt; What makes me think that is that I sent them off to Red Wing and they said they are ruined and can't be fixed. I don't know what you did to your specific pair, but iron rangers can be rebuilt.
Aesthetics: Rolex by a mile. It's pretty subjective, and others are entitled to their opinion, but I much prefer the smaller size and more classic styling of the rolex, a design that has stood the test of time like no other. Value: Again, Rolex by a mile. If you buy a new BBB, you instantly lose ~$1000, or about 1/3 of its value, in depreciation. Find a good deal on a sub and you probably lose 0. Affordability: With a baby coming, it's not nothing that the sub will cost $1000-1500 more upfront, and I can appreciate not wanting that much money tied up in your watch. If this is a strong consideration, then yeah, go with the BBB. But if you can afford the sub, for my money, if this is the style of watch you're after, I don't think the class black sub can be beat.
&gt; What's the point of sub-seconds indices if the seconds hand is in a sub-dial? shrug, why not?
some good comments in here so far, but I would also say that when considering the formality of a shoe, it's important to consider what other people typically wear in the environment. although in the tradition of tailored clothes wingtips are casual, if you're a college student and everyone around you is wearing sneakers, wingtips definitely won't read as casual. it's all relative.
&gt; likely more than I spent on the dang print! welcome to getting stuff custom framed. this is pretty common and I've done it many times.
omg the ticket buying process yesterday was such a nightmare. congrats on snagging some great ticket options, and on getting married!
oh you're right, i was thinking of the brown and coffee chomepak, which were similar but not the same.
I think the market for vintage rolex in general is much stronger today than 10 years ago, not just for this particular watch.
Neither of these are things.
Manufacturing is all about tolerances. Mass producing an item so that all versions are exactly alike is extremely difficult (aka expensive). So of necessity, there will be variation from item to item. Some of these variations affect the product's functionality. Some affect their aesthetics. Some may affect both, or neither. I would consider pic #1 to be within spec. Pic #2 is probably why they're seconds (within spec for seconds, out of spec for firsts). Pic #3 I guess is aesthetic not functional, but you're right, I suppose it should be classified as a defect, and probably also part of why these are seconds.
omnidirectional rolling
&gt; scope creep Although I'm familiar with this term, I'm kind of struggling to understand how you're using it in this context, can you clarify?
&gt; Seiko movements are built to be able to run for decades without maintenence source?
I have five watches. One has a date because it's not available without. The rest are time only. Refinement by a mile
Video production is significantly more complicated than capturing still images. Video production is a separate skill from photography, so even though lots of photographers do both, a lot don't. Also, it's not that difficult for a talented amateur with a little technical know-how to capture the kinds of still frames sufficient for a watch review, but video is significantly more involved and typically would require an actual professional. Add in the complication of potentially needing different lighting, the need to get a "performance" out of the reviewer that is usable, and the need to do any editing plus additional graphics, etc. and it's consequently just not something a lot of blogs spend the money to do. You might ask, can't they do all that stuff without the fancy graphics, the professional lighting, editing, etc? And the answer is yes, they could, but if the content doesn't look professional, it would actually hurt their brand more than it helps. tldr; it's expensive, so some blogs don't do it. EDIT: Also should add, even if the blog has all the necessary manpower and equipment, it still takes a lot of time, and even though it's a cliche, it's a cliche for a reason, but time is money. Every second you spend doing one thing is a second not spent doing another. Take this Worn and Wound review of the Nomos Metro: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyt9Eob9EuU The review itself is 22 mins, which means it probably took 5-6 hours to produce, above and beyond the time it took to write the review. What a blog creates is a reflection of its priorities/capabilities. Hodinkee does much more involved video production stuff, but rarely for straight up reviews. Their videos probably takes an entire day to setup and shoot, and then 2-3 days of editing.
&gt; but maybe that goes back to the quality issue I think that's probably it. It wouldn't take much work to just point your phone at the watch and make a quick gif, but if it doesn't look professional, it discredits the authority of the review and the site in general
Seems like an interesting alternative to the Alden Indy. Not sure I totally prefer the last shape to the Indy boot, but the leather and build quality look great, especially for the price.
looks nice on that strap, where is it from?
i currently wear the retros but briefly had a pair the achilles that i returned because i found them cheaper elsewhere. they fit the same imo.
i think a visodate would be more versatile than the alpinist.
$100-$3000 is a pretty crazy budget range, and you don't specify any style preferences. If you can be more specific about what you like and are looking for that would get you much better suggestions. Also, have you checked out the buying guide in the sidebar? It's broken down by both budget and style. however, I'd personally get a nomos. they're all impeccably designed but not flashy, and they have a ton of nice options at well under your budget. I personally have two (tangente and metro) and like them both a lot.
&gt; On certain rare instances, a diamond bezel is okay What instances would those be?
REDUCED - [Rider Jackson Boot - Anthracite Suede - EU43/US10](https://www.grailed.com/listings/206014-Rider-Boot-Company-Jackson-Boot--Anthracite-Suede) - ~~$200~~ $160 shipped. [Pic here](https://dfqickngpn7t8.cloudfront.net/AJdAgnqCST4iPtnUxiGtTz/cache=expiry:max/rotate=deg:exif/rotate=deg:0/resize=width:1100,fit:crop/output=format:jpg,compress:true,quality:95/https://d1qz9pzgo5wm5k.cloudfront.net/api/file/2zadQrAT3axqX2cHld87), see grailed link for more.
I guess it's a matter of priorities, I don't think the alpinist would dress up well, though I've never seen one in person so I suppose it's hard to say. But the green and gold colors just don't feel like they'd be very versatile, especially in a dressier environment.
shrug, neither of those instances seem remotely non-tacky to me, either.
1. For $50, these look pretty good. 2. I've seen authentic IRs look about like this as well. 3. I'd be interested to know how well you took care of them. You mention they were worn almost daily in cold and wet conditions. If they weren't dried out between wears, this is what any boot would look like after 9 months, not just cheap chinese knockoffs. It's possible with more attentive care they'd look a lot better. All of which is to say, this doesn't read to me as the scathing condemnation you served it up as.
I started Ni No Kuni. It's super Japanese, whatever that means. I got a little bored with how incredibly complex the combat and party management system was, but if that sounds like your thing, then this is definitely your kind of game.
I personally think dates ruin a dial, and assume OP feels similarly.
Think about that for a second. 100m is longer than a football field. A typical pool is 10-15ft deep. A typical scuba dive is about 30m. Any deeper than that requires special decompression techniques so that you don't get the bends, which are not only incredibly painful, but can be extremely dangerous, too. Although you technically *can* go 100m underwater with the right equipment (the world record is about 300m), you're starting to talk about pretty unique circumstances at that point, something much different than regular swimming or even regular scuba diving. Which is to say, as an add-on to the other responder, the WR ratings don't directly correspond to how deep you can take them, which is both misleading and confusing for a lot of people.
Unfortunately I'm not personally familiar with any sports watches that have substantial WR, no date, and are under $1k. If you can splurge, a Tudor BB would do the trick, but that's probably around $2k for a used one, and almost $3k new. I checked Christopher Ward, which apparently makes nice divers around 1k, but they all seem to have dates as far as I can tell. You might consider posting in /r/seiko. Seiko's offerings are crazy deep, so it seems likely they make something that fits the bill, but I'm not personally familiar with them. Otherwise, I'm not sure, I don't really know a ton about divers. But it also seems likely there's a cheapo quartz on amazon that fits the bill and comes in way under budget, too.
Tastes evolve, and people change. There's no reason to think you five years from now will like exactly the same thing as you today. Now if you're talking a shirt or cheaper article of clothing, we mostly accept that once purchased, that money is gone, and the item's resale value is negligible. But if you're talking about a $5000 watch, that's a much different proposition, especially because the watch in question does not, personally, to me, have what i would call a timeless design, making it more likely to be something you may not care for down the road. Now, f you're a person who doesn't care about watches and buy one just to have it and not think about, and you're confident one watch will last you your entire life, then resale value isn't important. But unless you're a businessman or someone for whom this amount of money is literally not a concern, then this type of person probably doesn't buy a $5000 watch. Last, if you're a collector or watch enthusiast, you probably own more than you need, and probably buy and sell watches with some regularity, in which case the option to not lose a bunch of money just because your tastes have evolved is a nice option. So the bottom line is that while resale value is not important to all people in all circumstances, it's important to enough people in enough circumstances that I personally would factor it into my buying decision. But as in all things, ymmv.
&gt; So far I've been patient with making a big watch purchase because I want it to be one that will last and have meaning later down the road. That's a fine sentiment, but could potentially be equally applied to any watch. Purchasing a watch with solid resale value is a safe way to hedge. In my personal opinion, simpler, more classic designs are less likely to feel dated down the road, and would not be confident you would feel the same about the Longines Chrono you linked in several years as you do now. But that's just me. You still gotta do you.
[Parnis](https://www.amazon.com/Parnis-Mechanical-Watch-Seagull-Movement/dp/B00Q2P4BQQ)
ah, you're racist, got it.
I mean, you probably don't speak Chinese, does that mean visiting China has no capacity to be a rewarding or valuable experience? Saying something to the effect of, "Other people do things differently than me, therefore they are stupid" is pretty much just about The Worst. Last, communicating with people who call you racist after you say racist stuff, only to have them call you retard, is also annoying. So in addition to being a racist, you're also a hypocrite.
4 kings, kind of like O&amp;S (and to some extent, every major boss) is more about learning their patterns than the specifics of your gear. Everyone says to armor up so you can tank their hits, but if you just learn their attack patterns, roll dodge appropriately, and back up out of their AoE, and have a sufficiently powerful weapon so you can kill one before the next one shows up, that's really it. I mean, yes that's easier said than done, but that is how it's done.
&gt; which watches are higher than average quality wise and depreciate more than average? As I said before, this describes almost all watches that were quality to begin with other than rolex submariners. Resale value is driven by demand on the secondary market, and most watches just don't have anyone that wants to buy them used. As such, most depreciate 30-50% as soon as they're opened. There simply aren't many (any?) "watches [that] are higher than average quality wise and depreciate more than average".
Nice watch. Also, is your car a "Mom"?
I hate this quote. It sounds so profound, and it's a Romantic idea, that there's a fine line between good and evil, crazy and sane. We like the idea of these things because they dramatize our lives like movies and legendary stories. But is it actually true...? Or even close to true? I don't personally think so. But I have no relevant professional training in such matters so it's not as if I can definitely say. But it doesn't align with my observations, or even basic common sense.
Super cool. Not totally sold on the asymmetrical subdials, but the overall effect is definitely very nice.
After doing a thorough analysis, I believe this is an Omega Seamaster De Ville.
god what a depressing job that would be.
&gt; I would really be curious why Omega made the design choices it made with this piece. The dial layout is largely determined by the movement. They can't just put the subdials anywhere they want, they have to be in a specific place because that's where they are on the movement. So they know that at the start, and design the dial around that. I'm not certain, but based on the configuration, I would assume the OP watch has the same (or similar) movement as [the speedy reduced](http://clockmaker.com.au/w/k4008_1.jpg) but with a date function added on. It looks more cramped in the OP image because of the date chapter ring around the outside which pushes everything inward and makes it feel a bit cluttered.
The OP's watch has an extra complication in the date. That's an extra chapter ring they takes up a lot of space around the outside of the dial, so they probably needed to shrink the subdials a bit to fit everything on there, making the interior space larger. I also think there's probably a little bit of an optical illusion, because the small date numbers on the outside and the smaller subdials probably make the interior space feel a little larger than it really is. I guess my point is, you can nitpick some of the smaller details, but in the larger sense, they didn't really have a choice, as adding the date function took up real estate that was already being used by other features, so compromises had to be made to fit everything in. Whether it violates the fundamental design attributes of the original is kind of an arbitrary distinction. I don't disagree with you at all that it doesn't look as good. But if you want the date feature (and specifically, want to do it with a chapter ring instead of the more typical cutout), this is the tradeoff you make.
I would strongly disagree, but am curious why you say that. Are you a designer? Or speak with any experience? I'm a designer and can say with near certainty that my entire peer group would feel this is the type of work you take out of desperation, or perhaps out of a combination of lack of ambition or ability to do something more interesting.
ha, im not even a good designer. if feeling that way makes me a snob, so be it, I'll accept that.
yes, right here: &gt; It just assumes they have a guy that is willing to do it. And here: &gt; I find it much more likely they had one of their existing employees whip this up
imo the only reason to take an action would be to make the bubble invisible, and my i don't think there's any way in hell drilling a hole and filling it would resin would be remotely discreet. No way I'd risk it.
Very pleasantly surprised by the answers here.
i have this watch, and the hands might be my favorite feature, i love how unique they are.
I have a wall-mounted [Elfa rack](http://i.imgur.com/j8ov9ua.jpg). Collection isn't current in that pic, have sold off the carmina shell jumpers, the viberg shell service boots, the AE navy neumoks, and the viberg rippletoe derbies and acquired a pair of eg galways. It's hanging on a wall in my office, and on the other wall is my guitars and piano, and I try to keep the door closed when people come by, but if they do see it they usually say something to effect of, "so this is where you keep them all" since everyone kinda knows me as the shoe guy.
I find the 065 a bit tacky so I'd personally go with the 033.
[Tangente on leather with linen](http://imgur.com/JDVGv18)
If you upload to YouTube they have a gif maker, so does Imgur which will let you start with a YouTube link
Thanks, I'm a big believer in simple, time-only watches. I own 5, and 4 are time-only, and the last has a date, just because I loved the look of the nomos metro gangreserve, because even though it technically has two complications (time and pr), it's still definitely in line with my aesthetic. But yeah, Nomos rules, the tangente and my 114270 explorer are my two favorite watches i own.
really? damn, i gave up midway through season 1, and haven't really heard much about it so never looked into it again
a derby u-wing? does that work?
AS's look so nice.
shoe + pant game is strong today
they've done a ton of them. 8 or 10 or something like that? maybe more.
I would say the following two rules would have you pretty well covered: 1. Anything that would look like you could reasonably have bought it with your own money (not an issue in this case since you will be buying it with your own money, and the pricepoint you've identified is perfect, but teens wearing luxury watches is not a good look, imo). 2. Nothing gold, and that includes gold colored metals and gold plating. Beyond that, just check the brand and buying guide on the right and pick something that looks good to you.
woooow looks great, how many Nomos does that make it for you? 5? 6? I thought my 3 was overdoing it!
Depending on condition and completeness, vintage DJs can be anywhere from $1500-3k. I paid $2k for mine and it came with the original jubilee, but I have it on leather now. http://i.imgur.com/GZOvtcc.jpg
It does function. As I said, the mom probably doesn't need to write notes on her decades old sugar cookie recipe. Keep in mind, this is a gift. Gifts almost by definition are decorative as much as functional. If your contention is that "Pretty things are pretty until you have to actually use them", then that's kind of a vote against the whole concept, which seems pretty foolish since OP says the gift moved his mom to tears.
No, I read your comment. I just dont agree with it or think it was accurate.
meh
People generally seem to hate them here, but I like them a lot and have been impressed with the few that I've handled. I don't own one but definitely would and keep my eye on the resale market for reasonably priced examples.
I personally think people put way too much value on sapphire. I've owned watches with sapphire, hesalite, and mineral crystals, and really don't think it matters too much. At some pricepoint yeah you'd expecting sapphire just on principle, but to reject a watch you'd otherwise buy because it has hesalite instead of sapphire seems a bit misguided to me. Having said that, I also think you should do what makes you happy, not what makes me happy, so wish you the best of luck whatever you go with.
We haven't spoken in 17 years. Not because any shit went down or anything but just because we were both dumb kids just messing around. We're friends on facebook though, so there's that.
&gt; I can only afford entry level luxury watches. I dont have a problem admitting that. &gt; But 3 to 5 k is certainly entry level IMO. I'm honestly not sure if you're trying to troll me. Based on the above statement I would say yes, but based on our past interactions probably not.
ah, so we are indeed going for the unintuitive and borderline meaningless definition of entry level, then. fine.
The Speedmaster is a classic. If you like the look of it, there's no better watch out there. The only problem is it's way outside of your budget, especially if you're hoping/planning on purchasing a brand new piece. Used they tend to be 2500-3000, and a new one on Jomashop with a hesalite crystal is about 3300, all of which is pretty far above the budget you identified. But if that's the kind of watch you're after, it's hard to imagine a better option out there. The Speedmaster automatic is much, much cheaper (1200-1500 used, 2800 or so new grey market), but I personally find it much less appealing than the pro, though I'm sure others disagree.
The BB36 and Ranger are both in your budget, but if you're trying to get a similar look for cheaper, Oris seems like a good brand to explore, and maybe B&amp;R. [Oris Hunter](http://www.jomashop.com/oris-watch-733-7649-4033mb.html) [Oris BC3](http://www.jomashop.com/oris-watch-735-7641-4164ls.html) [Oris ProPilot](http://www.jomashop.com/oris-watch-01-752-7698-4063-07-5-22-17fc.html) [B&amp;R 123](http://www.jomashop.com/bell-and-ross-watch-brv123-bl-st-sca.html)
I don't have the link handy right now but if you ping me tomorrow I can connect you with the guy I got my Orion from, about the same price as we were discussing earlier today
You're supposed to like Iago. The play is all about how evil he is, but because he directly addresses the audience and explains why he's doing what he's doing you sympathise with him.
IMO, that's why the play is interesting. Iago is obviously a monster. But no one else is terribly sympathetic either, certainly not Othello once he goes crazy and strangles Desdemona. So there is no true protagonist that we sympathize with, but you are constantly getting this direct insight and explanation from the guy at the center of all the chaos who is genuinely charismatic and smart, even if he is evil as all fuck.
Women overall weren't different, but the types of body types favored by society (and as such selected for Playboy) definitely ebbs back and forth between curvy and skinny, and there's an interesting theory when society is in a curvy era that it's associated with more conservative politics, and skinny more slender bodies are associated with eras with more liberal politics.
&gt; If those boots were a person they'd be old enough to buy cigarettes and make out with highschool girls at the skate park. that was beautiful, man
The joke isn't in the find and replace. It's "dawizard" (the wizard) -&gt; "dahumanity" (the humanity). It's not terribly clever, but it is a complete joke.
You mainly want to see a clean picture of the movement, and documentation of its service history, if any. Depending on the age of the watch, it might have replacement/service pieces, but for a watch in that price range, I don't personally think it matters too much, but others might feel differently.
"ship in 2-3 weeks" is code for the watch isn't in stock. Their customer service is notoriously bad, too, as you've discovered. When you processed the transaction, did you get an email with an order#?
also, make sure you email the seller to ask about removing VAT, as I think they'll take 19% off that price for selling outside the EU.
1. Stowa Antea KS 2. Seiko SKX007 3. [A selection of fun and flirty slap bracelets for watchless days](http://www.dexgifts.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/silicone-slap-bracelet-2.jpg)
Hm. You've missed the point by such a wide margin I'm inclined to think this is just a troll comment. But just in case it's not, look at it like this: Let's assume for the sake of simplicity there are exactly 100 things to worry about in life. These can be anything at all, from a flesh-eating bacteria outbreak, to missing a mortgage payment. While it may be the case that money doesn't provide guaranteed security from all 100 of those things, it can objectively provide security from some of them. Ergo, someone with money is demonstrably more secure than someone without it. Can a rich person still get hit by a bus or have a massive coronary out of nowhere? Yes. Do they have to worry about those things AND try to figure out how they will afford to feed their children? No.
Many of those sites don't offer reviews, they just offer "watch content", so I'm not sure they answer the question. TZ and WUS are just social platforms, not professional reviewers, so they wouldn't count either. Just to lay my cards on the table, I think it's absurd that people either: A. Don't realize that professional news and review outlets have tacit quid pro quos with OEMs, and so will literally never publish a bad review, and bemoan the fact that they don't (like the guy I responded to) B. Do realize this, but bemoan the lack of journalistic integrity in the way they monetize You can either have highly curated, professional content, but it needs to be paid for, either by the user or by advertisers, or you can have completely uncurated and highly variable user-created content. But you don't get to have free, high quality, un-monetized content, which is what most people seem to not only want, but feel a childish sense of entitlement for.
Depends on who you ask. For most people at most events, it doesn't matter. For fancy people at fancy events, it *mostly* doesn't matter, but I suppose some older folks might be particular about this kind of thing. In general though I think you would really struggle to find yourself in a scenario where anyone cared.
&gt; The Air King was initially intended as a workhorse pilot's watch Was it, though? Was it actually ever an officially issued watch? Or did regular pilots ever actually use it that way? Or is that just a thing that they said because it sounds good?
I don't understand this comment. You can get a used Rolex for $2000. You can't imagine someone being able to afford $2000 but not $8000?
A. Not sure I follow. Any ruler or measuring tape with mm marks will work. You can even google for a digital ruler and as long as you have your browser display set to "actual size" that will work. B. Again, not really sure I follow, as you said you've already ordered a replacement strap. Seems you already have or will shortly everything you need, it doesn't even sound like you need extra spring bars at all, let alone ordering them before you even have the watch.
Do you have any pics of the Hawkinge? Been thinking about getting one myself.
Awesome thanks. Great looking watch!
Nice looking watch, have never seen one with that style of applied arabic markers.
It's interesting to see how the PVD has aged, as that's not something you get to see too often. Presumably Sinn's process is pretty high quality. I actually think the bracelet looks pretty cool and assuming this was a look I was after wouldn't be too unhappy with how it has worn. Overall I think it's a great looking watch, and my only gripe is the execution of the date window is pretty bad, but I'm mostly anti-date window even when they're done well,.
[If you like Nomos, the Ahoi is 40mm](http://www.jomashop.com/nomos-watch-550.html), and at the low end of your budget. I don't think the larger ones look nearly as well proportioned as the smaller ones, but if that's what you want, they do make one. If you're willing to go used, there's a ton of great rolexes that are in your budget that fit your description. I own a Sub, an Explorer and a Datejust, all of which were well under $4000, but all were bought used. I've also seen the new Oyster Perpetuals go new for around $4000 or thereabouts. If you want something dressier, which im guessing you don't because no one ever does, there's some [nice options by Cartier](http://www.jomashop.com/cartier-watch-w6701011.html) that are in your budget. As was already mentioned, IWC and Omega are both worth considering. You can get many of the popular Omegas, and just about any of the IWC Mark options (non-chrono), though not quite any of the popular Portuguese models. For Zenith, their [Big Pilot chrono](http://www.jomashop.com/zenith-watch-0324104010-21c722.html) is just in budget, with various El Primeros being just outside, or easily within if you go used. That's actually really about it, believe it or not, as $3-4k is an awkward price point. There's tons of stuff thats &lt;$2500 and &gt;$5000, but for the most part at 3-4k you're look at used versions of higher end stuff.
I have two (and recently sold off a third) and highly recommend the brand. But if you want a budget option that has much of the same good looks and DNA, check out Stowa, as their Antea models are quite similar.
Page 2 of your front page isn't the same as Reddits front page. Reddit tries to show you content from all the subs you subscribe to, so it weighs small subs like this higher, otherwise you'd never see anything but big subs like askreddit. This is different than when a piece of content from an otherwise small gets a ton of votes (5000+) and makes it onto r/all
So then what's the last step, flour or egg?
I'm tentatively calling this watch a fake, but am not totally certain. Must de Cartier is Cartier's entry level line. They're cheaper than the regular Cartier models, usually due to the movement and case materials. If it is gold, it's likely gold plated, though the 18k on the caseback would seem to contradict that. Not a good sign. There also shouldn't be instances where you can see the base metal through the plating if it's solid gold, often a giveaway in these fakes. However, it's hard to evaluate the material because the lighting in the room is very yellow, so I can't even tell if it's supposed to be yellow gold or white gold. I think it's yellow gold, but it's really hard to get a sense of the color of the metal because of the lighting in the room. But if you see instances of the yellow gold wearing away, it's not solid 18k. Somewhat concerning to me is the typeface of "Must de" on your watch face, as it looks much sloppier than any other example I can find. Google around and you'll see what I mean. However, this might mean one of three things: 1. It's not genuine 2. It is genuine, but the dial was refinished at some point (and unfortunately, somewhat poorly) 3. It is genuine, and that's just what it looks like. This doesn't seem too likely to me, but Cartier has been around a while and made lots of stuff, and I'm not an expert, so you never know. I will say that in searching around I couldn't find another model with these proportions. Again, just because I couldn't find anything doesn't actually mean anything regarding the watch's authenticity, Cartier has made lots of stuff. But I searched around on both Ebay, Chrono24 and WatchRecon and didn't see anything that matched this. The caseback etching seems different in its format and structure than anything else I can find. As before, this doesn't mean anything definitively, but doesn't inspire much confidence. Lastly, the reason it's not ticking isn't because it hasn't been worn, but because it's a quartz and the battery is likely dead. I'm not an expert in Cartier, but there's enough unusual here that I'm suspicious of this watch's authenticity. You would want to take it Cartier to be certain, though if it's a fake they might confiscate it.
Has that been your experience? I have 3 rolexes and no one ever says a thing about them (which, to be clear, is a good thing).
Automatic watches have a clutch that disables the winding mechanism when the spring is fully wound. If they didn't, it would be possible to overwind them and damage the movement just by wearing it, which is obviously not ideal. So basically, there's no way to know when you're "done" winding it. As long as it's running when you put it on that should be sufficient to keep it going.
Just curious, why are you interested in a vintage watch? They bring a lot of potential hassle and complication that new pieces don't. Parts are harder to source, and the condition of the movement is difficult to evaluate, both of which can add up to major expenses if you get a dud. That's not to say vintage is without it's charms, I'm just curious what your rationale is.
too large on you for my tastes, but probably in line with how others like to wear their pieces.
I feel like you've missed multiple points simultaneously here if this is what you really believe, but not sure if you're just trying to be contrarian.
Saying you don't like anything doesn't demonstrate good taste or aesthetics. The only way to do that is to say what you do like, but that opens you up to criticism disagreement from others with different taste. It's braver to say you like a thing than to say you don't.
&gt; Rolex has survived for the last 20 years on marketing. Why do people always praise Rolex for their brilliant marketing? Why do they credit the marketing as being the only thing they know how to do? I own 3 rolexes, read half a dozen watch blogs, and a handful of user forums like this on top. I'm actively engaged in watches. And I never, literally *never* see a piece of communication put out by rolex. They don't need marketing. Their customers are their brand ambassadors. So where does all this praise for their marketing come from?
&gt; Tudor gave Hodinkee $2.5M last year, and part of that was for good press. If that's true, that is pretty messed up.
&gt; Main reason being you can't go wrong with one. I guess my point is you very easily can go wrong with one, and for reasons outside your control.
&gt; as opposed to a legitimate drive to release something interesting That's not a thing. All products are motivated by profit.
&gt; it stops the seconds hand at 60. Hm. What is the purpose of that, to conserve power?
The notion of consequences for his actions is contingent upon a congress willing to hold him accountable. At present, that is not the case. And as long as he continues pushing through their agenda, that will continue to be the case. So he can honestly kind of do whatever he wants.
&gt; I know Longines don't get any love in this realm We must read different watch-related subreddits.
I don't understand this logic at all. Regardless of the prominence with which it's displayed, you're still paying an exorbitant upcharge for the tourbillon, resulting in the same net profit to the OEM. So why is one a cash grab (aka an inauthentic watch) but not the other? Why does the intention or desire of the customer matter at all? &gt; To me this watch serves no purpose other than just shouting in your face, "Look at me, I'm expensive and I have a tourbillon." There are many watches this is true of. A solid gold rolex datejust. An AP Royal Oak Offshore. Arguably the true purpose and value of any watch &gt;$10,000 is the effect of being *seen* wearing the watch as a status symbol (aka conspicuous consumption). However, none of this has any bearing on the watch's "validity" as a product, none of these are "real" or "authentic" as opposed to "cash grabs" or cynical product offerings. They're just watches that, like *literally all watches before and since*, were made to be sold at a profit in the hopes/belief that someone would buy them.
Not sure how interesting or relevant this is, but see that gray house way in the background? I lived there for 6 years. [Google street view of this exact location (note the astroturf on the front stoop of the beige house)](https://www.google.com/maps/@41.9344103,-87.7038278,3a,75y,235.94h,91.71t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sAaoAxlMqPtbukR5FWrLxrQ!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1)
I'm not moving the goal posts. I'm making the argument that there are reasons to do things other than pure utilitarianism. Your argument seems to be, "Watches tell time, so literally anything beyond the bare minimum of telling time is automatically conspicuous consumption." This is a frankly pretty absurd argument. The converse/dress shoes thing was a simple demonstration of the fact that there's more to life than pure utility.
Bond fan or no, is the lollipop second hand really worth paying that much of a premium for? You can get the non-bond version so much more cheaply and easily, and it's basically the same watch. You could show it to anyone and say it's Bond's watch and I doubt anyone would even be able to spot the difference.
I for the life of me can't understand what people find desirable about mesh bracelets.
woooooow. love this. great choice.
Depending on your budget, you could get a custom leather strap made to any length you'd like through etsy or any of a number of custom makers.
It's ridiculous to me that anyone would look at this and say it looks to small, and kind of insulting to both genders to say that it would be more appropriate for a woman.
This is fake, sorry.
&gt; I'm going to wear it so resale doesn't matter so much. unless you change your mind and decide you dont like it as much anymore, in which case the resale is pretty important
I don't think there's an issue of it being a man's or woman's watch. Within reason, that's not a thing. Almost all watches are unisex. Having said that, I find this watch extremely unappealing.
Depends on your personal point of view I suppose. But presumably the ocean of used watches for sale on the secondary market seems to suggest otherwise.
I wear a 14060 and prefer the smaller case and aluminum bezel, but the build quality on the 114060 is definitely a step up.
I've seen it referred to as a sector dial, but this page makes it sound like that's probably not the proper term, but that it gets used so much incorrectly that that's how people know it anyways. Crosshair dial does seem to be correct http://www.watch-wiki.net/index.php?title=Sector_dial
Wouldn't bother me. No one knows anything about watches, they won't know it was marketed as a ladies watch, and I honestly find it kind of offensive that they even need to specify, instead of just calling it a watch and letting whoever likes it find it and buy it. At 39mm, it's easily large enough to be considered a unisex watch, so I don't even know what the ladies'-specific quality they're marketing it as having even is. But if because it was marketed as a ladies watch you don't think you can be happy wearing it, don't buy it, as that's ultimately what it's all about.
Good looking watch, but looks way too big on you in my opinion. I personally wear the 35mm Tangente and find it fits better and is more nicely proportioned in its design.
Not sure if there is a connection to Dearborn, MI. I honestly hadn't even considered that. But one of the stars on the Chicago flag refers to the founding of Ft. Dearborn, and Dearborn is also the name of one of the largest streets in the downtown area, so as a Chicagoan it's a name I associate with the city.
Ages in casting sheets are never firm. If you think you may be a match always just submit
I didn't mean the paint pattern, I meant the pattern of the actual leather on the shoe itself
&gt; IASIP reference Not too familiar with Sunny, but pretty sure the reference is to [Breakin' 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086999/), unless there's something super subtle I'm not seeing.
In my personal opinion, "too formal" isn't really a thing with watches, and just about anything that isn't gold looks good with a tshirt. Others may feel differently though.
&gt; almost everyone tries to recommend something "better" but doesn't do a good job explaining why it's better. They don't do a good job articulating it because by far the biggest factor in what constitutes "better" in this context is brand loyalty. If they don't like the brand of the watch you're looking at, they'll just say it's worse than another brand they like more. There's also a bias on enthusiast forums against quartz watches, so that may be part of it too. If you're happy with getting a quartz watch, I don't personally think it makes too much of a difference what you buy for anything &lt;$200. Just get the one you like, even if it's a Brathwait.
&gt; Sous vide-ing some steaks for the first time tonight. Can't decide if I should sear in a skillet after, or use a blow torch. Super cool. I don't have a torch (or a sous vide for that matter) but when I've done this at a buddy's we also just used a super hot skillet to finish 'em off. If you give the torch a shot though please post pics.
I don't know how to interpret the information in that link, but what you're saying seems to conflict with both intuition and observation. If there's evidence that older votes are weighted more than newer votes though I would honestly appreciate a clearer explanation of how that works.
That's a type of power that's completely different from the mathematical weighting we're discussing, but yes, that's true too.
When you can't see any skin around the perimeter of the watch it looks to me like a [medieval bracer](https://img1.etsystatic.com/051/0/10124702/il_fullxfull.667632509_a6bp.jpg). I personally think a watch should sit cleanly [in the middle of the wrist](http://lifestyle.whaleglobal.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2014/04/hodinkee-1000x610.jpg), not on top of it. Others disagree, though, and YMMV.
I'm not interested in splitting hairs or debating semantics. Do people lose memory when they drink? Yeah, sometimes they do. But if we treat the statement that to drink means to lose one's memory as a presumption that is the default case, that's completely ridiculous and is an insult to people who drink responsibly and with maturity.
The type treatment is sloppy enough I assumed this was an ad student's spec piece. But I guess not?
The price different is due to the fact the GMT's bezel is made out of a proprietary ceramic material they call "cerachrom" that is supposedly ultra scratch resistance, and has platinum numerals applied via a PVD process. The increased material cost, the R&amp;D that went into developing it, and the *je ne sais quoi* X-factor of having a proprietary rolex material all account for the price difference. Is the actual cost to Rolex actually $2000 more per watch for this bezel? No, almost certainly not. But I'd wager anything it's the reason they justify the increased cost at retail.
While I can't definitively authenticate it for you, if it has legit finger joints held together with dowels, that's a good sign. While I have some authentic Eames furniture, my "Nelson bench" is just a cheap knockoff and the joinery is just for show, as I'm pretty sure the slats are glued together.
&gt; but 2mm of that is the crown protectors Trying to figure out what you're referring to and honestly not sure, can you please clarify? Some watches have something called crown guards, but the Speedy doesn't, and not sure what else you could mean.
First was [Brown CXL barrie on commando](http://imgur.com/a/k7B8L). I'm absolutely an Alden apologist. People have some legitimate complaints about them, but I personally think that for solid, stylish and well built basics, what they do well they do very, very well, and I've wanted just a basic brown boot from them for a while. Picked these up while I was at [Mildblend](https://mildblend.com) shopping for some new jeans (picked up a really cool pair of Raleighs), and spent an hour and a half trying on a dozen pairs before settling on one I liked. Then as I was walking out, I walked past the Alden display, tried on the boots and said, "I'll take these too." The whole process took less than 5 minutes, and prompted a, "Woah, really?" from the 24 year old salesman who had been helping me. Mildblend was super cool and applied the 15% sale they were offering on the jeans to the boots too, even though they weren't supposed to. Second was [Grain derbies on crepe](http://imgur.com/a/hMEGj). Not sure what Aldens name for this leather is. It's not pebble grain, and I don't think it's their alpine grain, it's some sort of embossed cross-hatch grain. Anyways, can't remember if it was grailed or the BST here, but grabbed these for like $100 as an in-between season shoe.
I would find it extraordinarily tacky to have a luxury watch on a wedding registry. ymmv.
I have a 6.76" wrist and [also wear the 36mm 114270](http://i.imgur.com/PLWJP4v.jpg). I find it wears much nicer than the larger model.
2k is a fair price. similar watches in better condition and in more desirable makeups might be worth more, but the somewhat unusual blue + gold + diamonds combination will somewhat depress the value. I do think you could get 2k for it, but it depends on how quickly you're hoping to liquidate it.
I doubt it would be too durable, but maybe it would last for a little while?
If you're looking at rolex or omega, you can't really go to wrong. The only real advice I have is to get something simple, as these are more likely to age gracefully and be less likely to be something you get tired of. I personally find most modern rolexes to be too large and much prefer their vintage models. I own a 114270 explorer, a 14060 sub, and a 1601 datejust. Don't own any omegas, but thinking about buying a vintage aqua terra (2504.XX). Most people like larger watches though. So maybe just get a modern sub or speedmaster and be done with it if you like the look of those, though?
They're not "measured", per se. If you go into dev mode, there are X, Y and Z coordinates for every point in space, so these just refer to the literal Y of these locations in 3D space. There is a 0,0,0 point, but I don't know where it is (would be curious, though).
Love the look of that speedie, but a little confused by the subdials. What do each of them track? If the left is running seconds (as it would be on a typical speedie), then the right subdial can only track the hours of the chrono, but not minutes. The left subdial could be the minutes, but then you wouldn't have running seconds (and the fact that the left is on 58 and the right is on 0 would contradict that).
This is amazing. Great pickup.
Under $2k is tough, but doable if you're patient. $2k-2.5 seems to be the typical range though. 2k is what I paid for my [vintage 1969 1601](http://i.imgur.com/JErBQdX.jpg).
Nah, don't want it taking up the space in my office. I don't really care if the date is off.
I personally think if you don't know enough to gauge the quality based on your own observation, you don't know enough to spend $8000 on a watch. There's no rules though and you gotta do you. Best of luck to you. Nice looking watch regardless.
I feel the exact opposite, and the silver aluminum bezel and gmt hand both seem like massive downgrades over the simplicity of the sub.
Someone please correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding is that the Junghans movement wouldn't be considered any of these. All 2824s start as "standard" grade, and the finishing and degree of regulation determine if it becomes another grade. Junghans, in receiving the movements, does their own modifications to it so that they can refer to it as their own J800.1, but I'm not sure what exactly that entails. Almost certainly some amount of regulation but not sure beyond that. Unless I heard otherwise from a reputable source, I would assume they were starting with standard grade, as that would be the cheapest, and they're modifying it anyways. But once Junghans does their own modifications, it's no longer any of the official ETA grades.
Did we ever finalize a meetup date?
I had an orion belt that I wore for about three years. While the leather itself may be BIFL, the metal hardware is what failed. The ends of the metal bar that goes through the leather loop at the end disintegrated so that the hardware all fell out. And because the metal is a hollow tube, not solid, just a little stress-induced corrosion was all it took. I could have gotten new hardware, but my cat chewed up the leather as well so it wasn't worth spending any time/energy on restoring. Definitely don't blame Orion for my cat chewing up their belt, but the hardware is definitely not BIFL.
We have comparably sized wrists. For how I like to wear watches, that would be too big, not too small. But different people like different sizes. If you like 44mm, 39mm might be too small.
Probably sometimes they do. But generally, they don't. I explained exactly how stuff like this usually gets printed in my original comment. I know it was kind of long and reading stuff is less fun than replying, so I'll reproduce it just in case. &gt; When you see stuff like this in awards books, it's because agencies paid for the media themselves just so they could run it once and have it qualify for awards books.
There's no objectively correct answer. Whichever one you like better is what's right. For me, I think it's the sub by a million trillion miles.
your*
1. I strongly dislike offset crowns and wouldn't buy a watch that had one. I imagine most people feel the same, which is why there's so few of them. 2. I mostly only wear watches in the 36-38mm range too. Plenty of options out there. Personally not sure why most people want their watch to look like a piece of medieval wrist armor, but I believe it's for the same reason middle aged men buy sports cars.
I wish they would bring back the old logo. The new logo is the primary reason I haven't bought a new piece from them.
&gt; What does r/watches think? I think you made the right choice. They're both solid pieces, but the Oris 65 is just so cool. Looks great on you.
I could. i really like the old logo, though.
I guess a way I might summarize/clarify my point might is to say, "Not campaignable" and "Only campaignable in print" are the same thing. In the 60's and 70's, this might have been an actual, bona fide campaign. But today it just isn't. Print is dead. If your idea only works in print, it doesn't work at all.
Very nice vintage piece. I believe this is a 1603. Very similar to my [1601 from 1969](http://i.imgur.com/GZOvtcc.jpg), but instead of the fluted bezel it has an engine turned bezel. Looks amazing. Such a cool heirloom, I hope you get to pass it on to the next generation some day as well.
&gt; "ZOMG we have this more famous/legendary actor, let's get as much out of them as possible" and their scenes kinda become "The *(insert famous actor)* Show." What's an example of this?
Friends does seem like the perfect show for this example, they did that a lot.
&gt;"act of david" Haven't heard that one, what's that?
Some background on this piece: "Kimiko 237 is a print that was published to help fundraise for the Visual Arts Program at Colorado State University, which sponsored visiting artists and exhibitions. The original portrait was commissioned by Kimiko Powers, but the image shown above was a version used to advertise Warhol’s Colorado State University show. This image was an edition of two hundred and fifty prints published to raise funds for a visual arts program sponsoring artists and exhibitions. It features Kimiko Powers, an art collector. Popularized in international art circles in the 1960s, Kimiko and her husband, John, amassed one of the most comprehensive private collection of pop art. This perhaps led to her friendship with famous artists such as Andy Warhol. This was also around the time in the 1970s when Warhol began to regularly accept commissions to paint portraits of the rich and famous because he thought that everyone deserved their “15 minutes.” This portrait captures Kimiko wearing a traditional Japanese dress, glancing at the observer, suggestively Warhol, in an intimate manner. It captures the often unexamined bond between the artist and the collector." I have an original Andy Warhol print from his portrait series. Although he did many portraits of very high profile people such as Mick Jagger, Chairman Mao, Elvis, Marilyn Monroe, etc., this is not someone nearly as well known. Anyways, just thought I'd share. Thanks : )
buyer pays the auction fees, not the seller, and it's typically about 15-20%.
The Patek looks like a Ref. 3919 Calatrava. It's 18k yellow gold with a hobnail bezel and enamel dial. I think the bracelet is aftermarket, I think it probably originally came on a black alligator strap. If the condition is as good as it looks, its probably worth $12-13k, and potentially a little more if you still have the original strap, box and papers. The first Rolex is a two-tone Datejust with a champagne dial and 18k fluted bezel from the late 60s or early 70s, I think it's a Ref. 1601. Bracelet looks to be original and condition is also good. Probably worth $2500. The second Rolex is a Date from the same era. It has a silver dial and think it may be a sigma dial, but the curvature of the crystal makes it hard to tell in the pic you provided (there would be little greek symbols at the very bottom on either side of "T Swiss T"). I think it's a Ref 1501. Value is about $1800. Don't know anything about the other watches, but I think the Corum is probably valuable. If the Montblancs and B&amp;Ms are actual gold and not plated they'll have some value, too, though my guess is they are not solid gold. Hard to say though as I'm not too knowledgable about those brands. Not sure about the pocket watch. Those can be very valuable or worth basically nothing. Depends on the particulars, and if its actually gold or not. The Geneva and Little Switzerland are modern quartz watches and I'm doubtful they have much value. Overall quite a nice little inheritance. The Patek in particular is a very, very special watch. Good luck with your investigation, and please update with any additional info you find.
I'm honestly not sure. Is it scripted? If so, then its not an interview.
they're both super cool, but i would go with the Nomos. The white dial will be more versatile, can be dressed up or down, and you get a really cool in-house movement. The Oris is a very interesting and worthy watch, so you can't go wrong either way, but the Nomos is a cut above.
The Date is 34mm whereas the Datejust is 36mm. I think other than the fact that they were offered in different dial configurations thats the biggest (only?) difference.
Your cat must be made of something different than mine. Mine don't do that.
Takuya*
I've owned three Nomos (a tangente, a metro and an orion that I have since sold) and find the finishing to be excellent. I really liked the polished bezel and pops of orange on the club and think its just a really great looking watch all around. The one thing pictures don't quite capture is that the dial has a textured silvery quality to it that doesn't quite come across in real life. I personally think they look great, but I've read a lot of accounts on here and elsewhere that some people find Nomos beautiful in pictures, but disappointing in real life. YMMV. In contrast, I haven't actually handled too many Tags. They get some heat because they're a large brand that doesn't use in-house movements, which personally I don't care too much about, but it bothers some people. Most of their designs aren't to my taste, but they do make some nice stuff.
oh wow, I thought that was a joke at first. This just went from "amusingly bad fake" to "nigerian prince we must specifically make it awful so that smart people don't waste our time" levels.
Is Tres Comas Tequila not a luxury item because you can only drink it when it's being poured between a stripper's cleavage?
&gt; I guess I'm wondering if anyone has had a similar experience with NOMOS This didn't happen to me (I have two Nomos and like them a lot), but this does seem to be a relatively common sentiment, as I can recall several other people reporting similar experiences.
&gt; Tudor Prince Oyster that i can see have a Rolex Crown, however some dealers from HK has a 2014 with Tudor Crown. Is that legit? Older Tudors used several Rolex parts, including crown, case and caseback. Tudor died out for a while as a brand, but then when they brought it back a few years ago they stopped using Rolex branded parts. &gt; is buying a Tudor or Rolex that old/vintage worth it? I think so, yeah.
I believe I was curious what attainable meant to him. That's it.
&gt; I'm also not a fan of the spacing of the dials or the piggy-back chrono. I'm not either. &gt; I'm concerned it's going to look too small I think 38mm is just about the perfect size for this watch. At 42mm I think the speedy looks took big on most people, but that comes down to personal preference.
And mine is different than his. I was asking about him. That's what I want to hear.
oh nooooooo
hey now, don't misquote me. i didn't just say you were hateful of women. I also said it was possible you were ashamed of being seen as one. The fact that you think the only reason someone might be interested in defending the concept of the dignity of women is "virtue signaling" is perhaps even more embarrassing than your original comment.
&gt; You literally quoted what he said, then said that people who say that are secretly hateful of women. Hey now, don't misquote me. I said they're either secretly hateful of women, or ashamed of being seen as one.
The difference here is that the thing in question (wearing a 36mm watch) is not in any way gendered. No one would see someone wearing that watch and think it was a woman's watch. The fear that that might be the case says more about the person who believes that than about society, or gender norms, or gender politics. In that sense, I'm not twisting his words so much as psychoanalyzing them.
hey now, don't misquote me. they're not necessarily a misogynist. They might just be ashamed of being seen as a woman.
This is the painfully cringy comment older teens make so everyone knows how much more mature they are than younger teens.
Pro tip: The next time you want to tell someone they're a non-thinking conformist, try and come up with a more original, less cliche way of doing so that required more thought, or it somewhat undercuts your entire point. Also, baaaaaa.
Nah, this got removed. He can repost if he wants with clarification that he wants an homage, but not even gonna mess around waiting for an edit.
I've had this watch over a year (and bought it secondhand when it was a year old) and the case doesn't have any significant marks on it at all. It's not a sports watch like a rolex so perhaps not as durable, but it's also very thin so it's easier not to knock it into things
Nomos doesn't really do that stuff. The lack of unnecessary details is what I like about it.
&gt; I'm willing to bet that they cost no more than $20 to make. While there may only be $20 of materials in it, if you factor in development costs, machinery, storage and overhead (which you should), there's no way that's true.
wow, bigly if true. nice find.
The seiko is interesting. I have no idea how old it is, but probably at least 30+ years. There are numerous details that are quite different to how they are currently made. Under different circumstances I would be inclined to call it fake except... brand new Seiko 5s go for $75-100. It's not a watch that gets faked. I'm guessing this is a model from the 80s that's long since out of production. Note especially the font they used for "seiko" is significant different than anything from the modern era. It's not unusual to have a date wheel be printed in two separate languages, it's how they get double use out of the same parts. The deal could use a cleaning, which could be done by a watchmaker, who could also re-align the datewheel on the Casio. &gt; is it worth getting it cleaned up by professional? That depends. The repair would probably cost a significant % of what it would cost to buy a new watch. Whether or not that's worth it depends on your attachment to these specific watches. If you don't really care, these are just some random watches to you, no it might not be worth it. But if you really like these, then its hard to really put a price on that, and it may be worth your while to repair.
Unless they changed it recently, you can only access your past 1000 comments unless you have reddit gold. Once you make your 1001st, your oldest comment will fall off your profile. [More info here](https://www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/2kccb5/how_many_saved_posts_are_stored_on_reddits_server/). &gt; but they are all there on the user pages They're not. They fall off. &gt; ...and old threads. This I'm less sure of. When you look at very old threads, many of the comments are still there. So either the users never made it to 1000 comments, or its true that they aren't deleted off old threads. This I'm not sure about.
Hi, we have removed your submission because it violates our [Rule #2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/rules) about promotional content. Whether or not you have a personal financial relationship with the link is irrelevant. The rules are clear, no crowdfunding links, which (obviously) includes kickstarter. The subreddits /r/WatchExchange and /r/Frugalwrist or even /r/deals may be better places for your post. There's also /r/MicrobrandWatches. for crowdfunding efforts. If you have something to promote and want to post in /r/watches, please [contact the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwatches) about possibilities to interact with our community that is focused on communication rather than promotion. (AMAs are a popular method for example.) Thank you.
chicago here. r/watches meetup?
oooh, it's a DON bezel, and with killer lume. thanks for posting.
/r/wholesomememes
Hi, we have removed your submission because it violates our [Rule #2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/rules) about promotional content. Although blog content is allowed, contents with an explicit commerce-driven CTA are not. If you have something to promote and want to post in /r/watches, please [contact the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwatches) about possibilities to interact with our community that is focused on communication rather than promotion. (AMAs are a popular method for example.) Thank you.
I've been reading this sub for a long time and i have absolutely no idea what that means
/r/titlegore
It's not dirt, it's patina. Although in the scheme of things, gold is highly non-reactive and resistant to oxidation, its appearance definitely changes over time, and all old gold watches develop that "cloudy" look. Some people like it and leave it as is, others get the patina polished off to reveal the shiny gold beneath. Personally, I think it looks great, and a part of the story of the watch itself and would definitely leave it be.
depends entirely on the watches in question. some things that might matter: • complications/movement cost • case finishing (there's more to quality than "fancy materials") • uniqueness of the design • brand/heritage/history • size of company (larger companies benefit from economies of scale, and can price comparable goods more cheaply) • absolutely nothing other than the willingness to ask for more money and see if people will pay it But without knowing the watches in question, it's impossible to say.
Black dial, not close to being close. Some might say black is necessary because of heritage/history of the flieger, but I personally don't care about that, I just think it looks much, much better. The flieger style is all about utilitarianism and practicality, and the legibility contrast of the black dial and white numerals reinforces that. Other dial colors might still be perfectly legible, but it just doesn't look right to me.
&gt; And what are the downsides to buying a cheaper watch like this? The biggest difference between a $150 watch and a $35 watch is mostly quality control. All the parts might be exactly the same, but $35 is about as cheap as a watch can be made, so they cut out costly processes like actually making sure the watch works to a particular standard. It might last 10 years, or it might fall apart in a week. Neither would surprise me, but you just have to acknowledge it's a roll of the dice. If you like the watch, then go for it. But don't be surprised or disappointed if it doesn't last or other has other weird issues. No one's looking closely at it to make sure.
What branding/marketing would you prefer they do?
Perfect size.
Yeesh, very scary for such a large purchase. I hope things work out for you. However, I'm not totally onboard with the conclusion of your post: &gt; So the takeaway. - while the selection isn’t as big as the online forums, buying local has its perks. That's definitely not the takeaway. The takeaway is to thoroughly inspect any watch before purchasing it, or if buying online to inspect it immediately upon receipt. Quality watch resale shops will typically give an inspection of any watch they sell upon intake. Whether they didn't notice these problems upon intake of your 1803, or noticed and didn't care doesn't matter. They're both worrisome. If that speaks to the quality of service you can expect upon servicing (and let's be clear, they're servicing this watch independently, not through a RSC), it's possible the servicing will be done with the same lack of attention to detail. Like I said, I really hope things work out for you here. But the lesson here is definitely not "buy local", it's "do your homework."
What kind of watch do want? Where and how will you wear it?
I believe the signature on the back says "Frank Paraday, (?) 1 of 4, 1971", but googling the name doesn't return much in terms of results. Someone by this named is mentioned in an industrial design context in an article about a museum I found, but can't find any other info. Anyone know anything?
oh. um...
i think i didn't realize that was publicly viewable. mods can add both public and private (mod viewable) flair and I was screwing around with it...
looks great, congrats!
green bezel looks dope af
There are no modern rolexes that will increase in value relative to msrp in the long run.
dope. love that.
They're both fake. edit: to whoever reported this with the comment, "Calling fake without giving reasons? Shouldn't a moderator be better that that?" Fine. You can tell they're fake because of the way that they are.
Woah woah woah whats that sweet grey watch on blue rubber on the bottom, second from right?
companies should be able to sell what they want, and consumers should be able to buy what they want. any outrage on the behavior of either party stems from an over-inflated sense of self-importance.
i got it from here http://www.ebay.com/itm/370844045652
[I have the same system](http://i.imgur.com/x12tpW2.jpg), total cost was about $200.
is it gold or is that the lighting in the room?
From yesterday, my 14060 in front of a Hodinkee article featuring the same in its header image. Shrug. https://imgur.com/a/ooT8r
&gt; What risks do you spread by opening multiple brokerage accounts? Not sure if this was supposed to be a rhetorical question or not, but I don't know. That's my question and the reason I made this post.
Hi. We've removed your submission because [as per our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/rules) image posts such as yours require a 500 character comment about your watch to accompany the post. Filling up your comment with filler text doesn't count. If you don't have 500 characters worth of commentary to add, please instead post in the Daily Wrist Check thread, which has no such character limit.
so would it be fair to say that all else being equal, there's no financial security incentive to have multiple accounts, its mostly just the features of the account that's relevant?
without a closeup its hard to tell if its a legit DJ or a lookalike. There's plenty of watches that are basically identical at a glance. but yes it definitely looks like a TT DJ
If you google "oscar moser watch" and click shopping, you can see this image is associated with an Etsy shop and is priced at $109. If you try to click it, my uBlock gives a ton of virus warnings and I wasn't willing to disable it to click through. That's the only relevant info I could find whatsoever, from everything else I found Oscar Moser made pocket watches in the WWI era. Not sure where you found this image or your interest in it, but it doesn't seem like there's too much money in it.
when youre shoveling dirt on my lifeless corpse, please remember me fondly.
Hi, we have removed your submission because it violates our [Rule #2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/rules) about promotional content. Even though you don't personally stand to gain financially from the post, you didn't add any relevant commentary or insight into the watch that would be sufficient to mitigate linking directly to a sales page. We like to keep this sub filled with high-quality, high-effort content, so if you would like to discuss the Midas in some capacity, please create a separate gallery of images and write a minimum 500 character writeup to your post sharing your thoughts or opinions. Thank you.
If that's what you like, that's fine. But for most vintage collectors of literally any hobby, they want things as original and untouched as possible, and watches are no exception. If you want a shiny new watch, there's nothing wrong with that at all. But I would then wonder, why are you buying vintage instead of buying new? The charm of vintage is how much character the watch has, and polishing it literally erases that.
Hi, we have removed your submission because it violates our [Rule #2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/rules) about promotional content. The subreddits /r/WatchExchange and /r/Frugalwrist or even /r/deals may be better places for your post. There's also /r/MicrobrandWatches. for crowdfunding efforts. If you have something to promote and want to post in /r/watches, please [contact the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwatches) about possibilities to interact with our community that is focused on communication rather than promotion. (AMAs are a popular method for example.) Thank you.
Basically never. I can only think of three instances offhand, one about my Nomos Metro, one about a Junghans Max Bill, and one was after the fact from another WIS who I was working on a project with over a few weeks who noticed I had an Explorer 1 and a few Nomos.
I mean, yeah, I don't think there's really anyone saying otherwise. But they're &lt;10% of the cost. If your grand analysis is that a $600 is not as nice as a $6000+ watch, I'm not sure you're really saying anything anyone doesn't already know. The question is, is it desirable at $600?
I own a sub, and have absolutely no problem with people wearing sub homages. Two reasons for this: 1. I didn't buy the sub because of what others thought about it, I bought it because I liked it. People can (and will) think whatever they want 2. It's not illegal, there's nothing I'm going to do or say that's going to make Steinhart stop making homages, so what's the point in getting worked up about it? Life's too short to spend so much negative energy on something I literally cannot change.
&gt; we're past the Speedmaster unboxing days. Honestly, I doubt it. There will always be people eager to share pics of their speedy unboxing. But you know? I'm cool with that.
Is it a monopusher? Or are there pushers on the side?
shouldn't you be replying to the guy that misquoted you?
That's a very cool watch, and a generous pour of lagavulin to go with it. Enjoy!
this watch is dope af, but I agree its way too large for you. you should wear the watch not have it wear you.
Interesting, and thanks for the insight. I based my expectation on pics of this leather I found on the sub, on their own product photos and IG, and elsewhere, about 7-8 pairs, and didn't see striping of this degree anywhere else, but that might either be a matter of photography or even just random luck.
What should broadcast networks be doing differently to keep pace with technology and innovation?
tags only notify the person tagged if there are 3 or less used, i believe.
shrug. "I'm not engaging in this anymore" is a pretty convenient comment for someone to make when they're wrong. &gt; So would yours. I'm saying a thing didn't happen. You literally can't prove a negative. That's not how logic works. The burden of proof is on the affirmative. I plan on continuing to believe this doesn't happen, and to continue having some combination of pity and contempt for those that arbitrarily insist it does, as occasionally happens here. Best of luck to you, and I'm looking forward your non-reply.
&gt; EDIT 2: The teasing of OP in this one got the OP to delete his post. I'm sure a similar situation could never happen on this subreddit. I definitely didn't say people don't ridicule posters for having watches they don't feel were earned. That happens daily.
