Really depends on which effect you plan on getting, it looks alright with confetti imo.
well gg bois
god damn it refs
god damn it kc.
Pats can stop the clock on defense but chiefs cant stop it on offense. lmao
god damn it newton
same. considering steaming is 102.5 keys, i can see this going for 95-120, like sketchy said.
God damn op, too soon
How do you even survive?
Not really.
Vel'Koz
Rammus. Rolling around would be fun as hell.
That's pretty lit.
Holy shit, that's epic as hell
https://i.reddituploads.com/5224defe72b84b8d97d852f52ea942e5?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=a2b6ac494c178d57cb56617fabdc7f21
I want Butt also
And everywhere else for that matter!
Well i mean they won most of them with tannehill
I think the entire league loses when Osweiler plays
Jesus LOL
This game is one
Landry you're still down by 13 chill lol
THERE YOU GO DOLPHIN BROS
If we lose and kc wins, kc goes up to 2, we fall to 5
Cool, SD is up.
WR
Oh fuck you Talib
McGloin looking pretty good.
Talib stole my nonexistant wife
Ah shit, who replaces Allen? Joseph is out.
Use it on myself for being in a room with both of them
GO CHARGERS
Suck a dick.
Uh NFL, I reccomend you dont show KC commercials in a Denver vs Oakland game.
Alright McGloin that was on you
Well, lets see Cook I guess
I know it isnt looking too good, but we're a 2nd half team people.
Holy fuck thats a lot of Chiefs fans in SD....
I saw the Dolphins I know as well today :(
COOK EM UP COOK
CRABTREE COME IN
Our backup for Cook is Crabtree btw
He was in pain and throws were inaccurate
These refs can step on a lego
Crabtree is still better im pretty sure
I mean he got to the Super Bowl before....
Its fucking infuriating when we're playing for everything
The fuck CBS? Winning play is a hit to QB(not a sack) that injured him? Fuck you CBS
Well if we lose and KC wins we're against the Texans...
I dont care what you say, but there's no excuse for allowing 24 points against one of the worst offenses in the league. Something is clearly wrong.
We're fighting for the bye + home game.... Also we didnt do this shit against the Colts
Oh shit.
Concussion by running into a guy's leg, it looked unoticed for a bit.
Cook is actually looking pretty good
So do we start Cook going into the playoffs?
Chiefs, 2-0 against us
In other news we get a bye week considering we're against Texans
Cook is alright, playcalling + broncos defense setting him back. 6-24 still.
Falcons game was no where near as bad as the first Chiefs game.
2 and fail
Maybe making 2 trips in playoffs? :)
To be fair, they shut out KC.
Penn is down. Just fuck, i wanna die.
God finished the Chargers and he is now trying to finish us :(
Ah, thought they shut them out, mb.
Brees and Brady are QBs that come to mind quickly.
God fucking damn it Jim Nantz. Look what you did.
Chargers have been finished, and therefore God has moved onto fucking the Raiders over.
Get well soon Derek xoxoxoxo
Fuck me
The last game could of went better, but im fine with 12-4, better than last year. Now, let's go out there and fuck the Texans up a 2nd time.
FAT Fuck Aqib Talib
Congrats!
Giants win vs Patriots cuz 3li
I was expecting us to only get 9 wins tbh
Fuck thats hard
Do it Lions i believe in you
Ah fuck AFC East and NFC East + Ravens and Titans
&gt;Las Vegas Connor Cooks That hurt personally man :(
NFL just trying to get us and Texans out the way lol
My boy Matty Ice
Its also on ABC for people who dont get ESPN
Excuse me Connor Cooking/Matt McGroin vs Brock Lobster/Tom Absolute Savage is an exciting QB tag team matchup
I can actually imagine him saying that during the commercial break
Yeah I try to remember this. I get pissed off in a lot of games, especially when we're behind, then I remind myself we're the best we've ever been in 13 years, and have a winning season + going into the playoffs.
Raiders reporting in!
Looks tough, especially considering our divison is going to be better next year it seems. I think we'll be good enough to handle it, we went 12-4 with one of the hardest schedules this year.
&gt;For me, This season has felt like one big letdown. Me too :( We went 12-4 though, so thats pretty good, we did better than expected in a tough divison. I was so hyped up for postseason though...hence why its been a letdown
[*]
Its a joke lmao
Look at the rest of his tweets
Giants, it's due to happen again...
Titans and Broncos, maybe Redskins and Bucs
Ok.
"Washington football club"
Giants might be considered underdogs against Packs
I do the same thing when im at higher levels, when I start to get lower I skarmy clone mirror clone to take 1 tower then go back to browsing reddit
Lmao
Holy shit 99.9 for Grimes?
The execution of the winner next week
Titan bros
King of LoL R34
F
What's an Ozo?
Yea I saw this a million times here already.
Fuck.
This league is a fucking joke sometimes.
Eh fuck it AFC WILDCARD Raiders over Texans Steelers over Dolphins DIVISIONAL Patriots over Raiders Chiefs over Steelers CONFERENCE Patriots over Chiefs NFC WILDCARD Seahawks over Lions Giants over Packers DIVISONAL Giants over Cowboys Falcons over Seahawks CONFERENCE Giants over Falcons SUPER BOWL Giants over Patriots
LETS FUCKING GO BABY
I wanna die
Browntown
Oh shit
Career game in INTs? :)
Espn or abc
LETS GO CLOWNEY
Yes please :(
LETS GO BOIS
I have terrible news sir
Screen pass on 3rd and 9 ffs
See you in the afterlife
That's literally going to be this game
Lets run it when the run game isnt working...
Fucking Musgrave....
This game is 100% on playcalling so far...
Really...
Ok?
Where was this offense the last few drives :D
Reechard and Richard
Well shit they discovered TEs
Raiders
100% not 90
Me
If Dolphins win winner plays Chiefs
Cook that person is not on your team
Why is Osweiler suddenly good against us
Exactly my thoughts Also doesn't help this is his first career start against a #1 defense...
This has been a horrible ass 3 weeks
You guys didnt even make the playoffs lmao, you no room to talk shit
Cook 4-14, jesus...
Can we keep hurry up offense? Looked like it worked very well when we used it.
I guess the same guy for the Chargers
&gt;Tie Uhhhh
fade every time
Good shit reeeeeechard
We're winning this shit next year. No worries.
Come to life offense please...
*cook makes a good throw to cooper* *cooper doesn't catch it* fuck me :(
They're enjoying their moment. It's pretty obvious what's gonna happen next week...
FIRST DOWN
Alright I hope I never have to see Cook's face ever again after this game
I dont like him purely because his chin
Well thats probably the game. I don't really care we lost(I mean we probably weren't gonna win next week anyways). All I care about is that we have a team built for the next few years, and going to dominate for the next few seasons. It's been a good season. To 7-9 to 12-4, first winning season in 14 years. First playoff berth in 14 years. All of that's a win in my book. Go Raiders. Raider Nation for life.
We had Carr for 12 of those wins...
Safe to say the league fucking hates us lol
COOK THREW A TOUCHDOWN??????
Musgrave is fucking fine. We had a top 10 offense, firing him would be like firing a head coach after a super bowl win.
I don't really care that much that we lost(I mean we probably weren't gonna win next week anyways). All I care about is that we have a team built for the next few years, and going to dominate for the next few seasons. It's been a good season. To 7-9 to 12-4, first winning season in 14 years. First playoff berth in 14 years. All of that's a win in my book. Go Raiders. Raider Nation for life
Carr? Lol.
Garbage time desperation
Eh, he can be part of the blame I guess. The playcalling was pretty awful, but the way we played didn't help.
Or you know, that's the Mexico City game...
Lol
SPOOKY
I think we were better!!!!!!
lol
They're not your friend, *pal*
lmao
fuck these memes
RIP Meme Magic
The terrifying Seattle Parrots
These are dank as fuck
Disappointed NBC didnt use [this](http://i.imgur.com/06teOBz.jpg)
No they dont.
Yeah, the only team I see regressing is maybe Denver. The divison is going to be fucking terrifying next year.
:(
Bud Light jinxed it for Arizona
Lmao
Ajayi just wanted a hug
Fuck you Gary
Big Ben is a patient runner
Hoping Giants vs Packers is at least competitive.
amazing playcall
Yeah, these playoff games have been fucking horrible so far.
Go for it
How tf did he have that much time
They go on suicide watch if Giants win
Good Ole Playoff Manning
RIP Jordy
*commence 4th quarter manning*
gg
I'll be surprised if they beat GB(assuming you guys lose)
no
# THE PROPHECY WAS FALSE
Flair
Pats, Steelers, Falcons, Packers
With a fucking 3rd string QB lol
Texans to the Super Bowl
Packers vs Giants was alright for the first half, it all went to shit after that though.
An answer could not be found.
Cook isn't Brady... Patriots also have a way better defense
DAMN
HOLY SHIT
What?
gg
Raiders are always open bud :)
Also a hard counter to Ekko
/r/summonerschool is pretty helpful
Yeah, the dude seems like he has no idea what to do with our secondary
Eh, untrustworthy souce. Until someone more reputable reports im not buying it.
Ugh
We're rebuilding the rebuild!
No shit.
Its rated T by ESRB...not really marketed to all ages lmao
Definitely looks like a diamond in the rough
Aka, "we want $$$$$$"
Placed on IR
As a Raiders fan I would too
Yeah Im hoping this also (Raiders fan)
Musgrave knows our playbook lol
Falcons and Packers
Yeah I'll pass
Sucks for you guys :(...we might know that feel soon. Fuck the Chargers.
Me too
LOCK HIM UP
Pretty nice pick up tbh
Raiders
Sucks we couldn't get him, but yeah, at least hes out of the AFC. I see him working well with the Rams.
Our fans will basically go anywhere as long as the Raiders are playing Chargers moving was also much more unexpected than Raiders moving.
All of us
Daddy Derek
This fucking ad LOL
This is nice
Ouch
"You're gonna have to tackle him."
Already end of 1st? Damn
lol
Nah, hes a horrible quarterback
Well bye Texans
Wtf was that
That was fucking horrible coverage...
RIP BRADY
Thomas you're in the NFC West not AFC West
Who knew the 49ers would rise up from 2-14?
More of a 72 cents performance
Lobsters can't throw footballs
I wanna see Joe Buck and Troy Aikman get into a fight by the end of this game
Packers are tearing apart Cowboys defense, damn.
Lol
This is sad...
That was a free INT...
Packers secondary is literal garbage
Rodgers magic incoming
WHAT
Wtf?
Man Bell is a beast
Wtf West?
Boswell MVP
Premature celebration lol
I AM FENWICK
Man AFC West and NFC East didn't win a single playoff game....
AFCS won more playoff games than AFCW and NFCE
Can't beat a team that didn't score a single TD...
U
Still in the west...
No
Eh, we have Aldon Smith
Ok, cool. Now hopefully this shit is over lol.
Yeah, no.
Disappointed, but it was expected. Still a Raiders fan though, always will be.
C9 is either very good rn, or TSM is complete garbage.
Ok then P1...just give up LB...
Well yeah no shit
Until Agholor drops the ball
Well, halfway there I guess?
He's finally free
43-30 Falcons 27-20 Patriots
Nice punt
Depressing....
Go for it
Lang :(
Fox
Who?
Well I guess we're counting on the Falcons.
Falcons you better save us god damn it
Fuck this dude
He has to throw balls into the crowd, killing everybody instantly.
So is he good Charger fans?
I like this. Chargers had a pretty underrated defense to be honest.
JustPaganoThings
Most of these are anti-Trump?
Dolphins and Lions
Didn't Burfict get knocked out after landing on Flacco's dick?
Reggie Nelson got burned pretty hard.
The Atlanta Falcons
kek
Gun fight. One for all between both rosters. Only one gets out alive
Alternatively, we can have only Patriot players in the gun fight.
The fuck
AFC Best baby
Fuck your flag football rules lol
Why did the Eagles recievers get invited to the flag football championship?
WE WANT FELIPE RIOS
GHOSTBUSTER LEFT
lol
wat
LOL
DEZ HAD IT
lmao
Bronze scrub roast me https://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=eliess
Both. I think Fnatic looked great, but Misfits also looked lost at some points.
Have fun dude, the Black Hole is awesome.
Glad to see Blood Moon back :)
1976 no doubt
We're low on cap space for him I'm pretty sure. I think we're fine at WR also.
&gt;I don't know, the Crusades worked pretty well. They really didn't....
Dont take the Top 100 list seriously lol. It's a joke.
Bitch hold on
That flop lol
I'd rather not die
LETS GO TL
Pls
Saints probably.
No, lol.
Dude is saving me in fantasy
Mike is a beast
XXX is looking good
Why do we have two shitheads representing both sides :(
Raiders over Bucs :)
no lol
Mexico isn't great either.
Still in na tho
Broncos getting fucked in the ass by the Seahawks in the Super Bowl
Ayy my boy Carr
Also pretty badass on how he came back from cancer. Hate the Chiefs, but I love this dude.
Reggie Nelson intercepting Rivers to end the playoff drought.
Yes, Jade is a great deck to climb with right now. Aya is amazing.
NA still a bit too high. The list is better though
You know what fuck this
Packers maybe? Idk.
I think he's happy, he got to see Trist get fucked.
Anyone, tits or ass?
They're both fucking stupid, but if there's a champ that was in this match that's bullshit it's probably Ori. So much dmg for such an overloaded kit.
He probably did say it at one point.
I WANNA SEE IT
Bucs look a bit scary
WTF MARIO?
The list was garbage before this lol. It didn't ruin it.
Bang went godmode in some of those team fights though...
Yesssss lawd
Let him have her
Apart from this game defense has played alright. This offense on the other hand...
Al Davis is gonna walk out of the grave to give him the pink slip lol
IS THAT GRUDEN I HEAR IN THE BACKGROUND?
Rams, Saints, Titans, Jags
Home playoff games for Chiefs don't usually go too well.
So the Bengals are best friends with the Bills now? I love NFL lore.
I may not have been too happy with him this season, but the man still helped us out of our playoff drought. For that alone I thank him.
With all the coaching news I will say yes.
Vikings or Falcons vs Bills
Most to least liked Titans Vikings Bills Jags Saints Rams Panthers Falcons Eagles Steelers Patriots Chiefs
Getting assaulted by the Pats
Most to Least Titans Vikings Bills Jags Saints Rams Panthers Falcons Eagles Steelers Patriots Chiefs
Pls be related to Gruden and not King himself
Maybe hes retiring from his music career.
What the hell is this
Wait Triplette is calling this game what the fuck
Let's go Titans!
Why not
God damn Titans your DBs are slow as fuck
Decker is literally useless lol
Hell yeah I am.
Titans showing some life edit: nvm
Wtf Peters
All-Pro ref team btw.
lmao
Is this a playoff game
HELL YES
What a game holy shit.
I BELIEVED IN ALL OF YAH FUCK YEAH
Death, Taxes, Chiefs losing home playoff games
lmao
In the dirt where it belongs
lmao
No
I mean you're already at home...
I hate Apple.
That is correct.
Would not want to be Taylor right now...I feel for the man ):
Damn. That looks like it hurt.
DARK WEB SCAN
Oh god. Good luck.
Chances are we switch to /r/Raiders in a few years so....
At least it isn't Mexico.
Moss and Sapp. Fuck them.
D
Who the hell hates on Rice lmao
why
Bad timing for that commercial...
oof
lol
GOD DAMN DAVIS
Titans
down af
Boring as fuck to see but god damn thats a dynasty
F
They aren't even an expansion team.
???
LeBron
Vikings or Jags
Not saying the team itself is boring. All of their recent Super Bowls have been joys to watch. The lack of parity in the AFC is relatively boring though.
Damn that was clean.
That's a lot of boos.
When are we going to drop the index card god damn it ):
BIG DICK BORTLES
Damn these refs suck.
Vikes ur defense is spooky
I love this Jags team and how much they shit talk but I feel like I'm going to hate them next season.
Click on Edit Flair on the right side.
Thielen is so badass damn.
A+ celebration lol
Lemme just waste all my challenges and TOs.
I have a feeling Vikings are going to lose this game by missing a 39 yard field goal.
oh god
#4... :(
So much better than last year for sure.
They were pretty good in the 90s.
On defense Jags need to constantly pressure Brady and make sure the secondary covers WRs well enough to allow that pressure to get to Brady. On offense, Bortles needs to not be an idiot. That's it.
oh ok
No.
"The Engineer" maybe?
i fucking hate life
Say it was a fumble and she'll instantly like you. You got this my dude.
DeMarco Murray and DeSean Jackson Also Carr, depends on your definiton of terrible tho.
Hopefully Gruden is still in the game. I'm worried that he won't be considering the length of his break. It's pretty incredible how much our offense regressed under Downing. It's like everyone did a complete 180. Our offense went from elite to one of the worst in the league. It was incredible.
Well fuck you too OP.
Well yeah he was a god.
"Phillip Phillips" lmao i need to meet those parents
That block looks like it hurt
It wasn't DPI lol.
Did we break reddit again
Cooks ya gotta catch that
did yall actually think nfl would allow jags to go to the super bowl lmao
NFL bias towards high market team mainly.
It's part of the reason I'm sure. There's a lot more reasons than that though.
Eagles fans and Patriots fans in the Super Bowl. It's a lose-lose situation.
Arm Punt Return TD
NFC BLEW A 20-3 LEAD
Not Issues or Despacito I'm alright with that.
oh no that was logic prpbably lol
WHO CAN RELATE
That better be edible fam.
pretty sure they harm your digestion system and can actually take you to E.R. if it gets stuck, not entirely sure though.
I don't hate him, it's just that other stuff should of won instead lol
https://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=dawnt
you dissing aram my dude
jr whatcha doing bby
Tristian must of said something about the ref's mama.
i legit want to know the guy's iq. 100 bucks it isnt high.
Fluery is so damm good.
Thanks for your hard work :]
Go Giants
Looks like they enjoy Guenther's system, thats good.
i wanna die
oh look curry arrived
what the actual fuck kd
For all the shit they dealt with in their past they seriously deserve it. Congrats.
a criminal apparently
ya know i didnt create that copypasta lmao
Cowboys. Also the Broncos, fuck you guys.
Oh man that would be a sexy offense baby Gronk
yeah i would hope so
tf draymond lol
Thats my team.
The King belongs with the Kings. Its only natural.
Ouch.
fucking finally
FFs would start at 15 mins instead of 20 tbh
its kind of sad how defensive donkey fans get over their players.
2006 &gt; 2014
Im feeling good about this.
Hopefully not.
Junior Seau too.
who the fuck names their kid frostee
uhhhhh.
all i heard was that he still looked terrible and that was it.
Sonic probably, especially if you include Archie Sonic.
Pretty sure Falcon has no way to keep up with SP. Jotaro should have this.
My favourite NFL image of all time.
In recent memory, Connor Cook is up there.
Guess we're going 8-8 then
Dynasty here we come
Donald &gt; Mack &gt; Miller are my rankings I love Mack but I believe Donald is still better, that dude is insane.
oof im glad 2000-2002 existed
His best song in my opinion. The overall vibe and production of the song set it above the rest. RIP.
&gt;including upcoming dates yeah about that...
😀🔫
Funny thing is, we had the closest game that wildcard weekend. Kinda of shows how bad those playoffs were outside of the Super Bowl and Packers vs Cowboys.
pretty sure the rest if the owners hated al davis
Winston. He's done more with a bad oline I feel.
Rice and LT
