I'm from Orange. WOS class of '01. There are literally dozens of us!
I'm from Orange, was there until 2004. I never had a bad experience with a police officer. I have family who work for Orange PD, and on the other side of that same family I have those who have constant run ins with the police. Even through all of that, the police have never been abusive to them. In my experience (and family's), Orange PD is pretty good.
&gt;Unwanted_Commentary: No, it shows that you have 10 alternate accounts and an unlimited supply of Hot Pockets. The only two people that actually played the game in this entire thread disagreed with you. You have me confused for someone else. You also need to mature a little bit.
&gt;It's alright man, no need to be angry. Maturity has nothing to do with the matter. Please troll on the forum of a game you've actually played. Maturity only has to do with your actions and comments in this thread. No one is angry. Its just disappointing to see this kind of behavior out of a mod.
I'd actually prefer all police footage to be readily available upon request. Before, during, and after the processes involved for someone having charges pressed against them and a verdict reached regarding their guilt. I have absolutely no problem with someone's pure dumbassery, or video exonerating them of dumbassery, being made public as soon as possible. Maybe people on both sides of the law would be slightly less retarded in their encounters if that were the case.
I'm not sure if you're retarded, or Greg Jackson . . . .
Because he ran against someone who didn't get as many votes? That's usually how this process works.
Honest question here: If one was so inclined, could they legally take the animal down, clean it and eat it?
Is that a definitive no because you're aware of a law, or just an assumption?
This is going to sound crazy, but hear me out: Not everyone wants to drive a gold lambo, wear diamonds, make it rain at the club, and chardonnay the night away. I guarantee you he could be living your definition of "better", but he's enjoying his definition right now.
Of course they should get paid more, but don't gauge someone's bank account or finances by their material possessions. That could still be a 3,000-4,000 sqr/ft home, paid off, no mortgage. He's probably got a fat ass bank account, money for his retirement, money for the future of his kids college (hopefully), and he's still happy. That's what matters. He has currently made enough money to live a much more lavish lifestyle, but here we see him just smiling to have a new quad. I respect that much more than someone living in a mansion and nearest neighbor in a different zip code. Makes him more like you and me.
I'm going to get some downvotes, but here is my opinion/outlook: Long and short of it: cops are there because of a suspect brandishing a firearm in public. The group of 3 match the description and suddenly, one guy refuses commands while his friends freeze in their tracks. Suspect walks off still ignoring some loud-ass direct commands then turns, sees the officers with weapons drawn still yelling commands, and does what any normal law-abiding citizen would do: he puts his hands on his head and gets on the ground. Oh, wait. He didn't. He proceeded to turn around and walk away from them backwards. They have drawn on him and are yelling commands... So he says to himself, "How bout I just make direct eye contact and keep fiddling with my waistband." Those officers are responding to a potentially hostile situation: Someone brazen enough to wave a gun around in broad daylight and, of the guys that match the description, 2 comply immediately while #1 target possible-suspect proceeds to ignore commands and do some very ballsy things. These are the situations that make me not want to persue a career in law enforcement: if I ended up getting killed by the perp (and on video, no less) damn near everyone on this site would have been in an uproar about how I should have shot his ass first. There's a couple people on here that I have to just say: you can't have it both ways. That's a shitty situation and I don't think I would have reacted differently. There's a good chance, in that situation, I might have eaten lead if the perp had a gun and decided to pull and fire with any hesitation on my part. Again, bad deal. Sad all the way around.
It actually was. it shows how PC are held back by consoles. Also applies to the quality of games sometimes too. Edit: Ah yes, the 'ol reddit downvoting of facts.
A tazer is never an option when a firearm is suspected to be in the situation. Remember, this was a call in response to a display of firearm.
I for one welcome out new Kangaroo overlords.
So, he's a bottom, capable of receiving an enormous amount or power? Or is he generating the power by doing most of the work?
Maybe its just me, but if I'm paying $70k+ for horse pleasure fluid, I want it to be as fresh and naturally done as possible. Not a horse sex therapist though, and I did not stay in a holiday in last night.
You see, the speed of the bottom informs the top how much pressure he's supposed to apply.
As someone who is blocked from twitter, I appreciate the image.
I don't get the joke. . . .
Holy shit, you just don't get it at all. If he gets taken to the ground by someone, HIS gun becomes something that the person can take and use. Never, ever use lease than letal force when dealing with multiple hostiles about to attack you. That's just asking to lose and leave it in their hands. That cop did a lot of shit wrong the moment he got on the scene, and yes, I believe it's partially his fault things were as escalated and bad as they were, but pulling his gun at that moment, with TWO (that he can see) people approaching and posturing ready to attack him, was the only thing he actually did right.
I would say mostly, but not entirely. The only reason I say that is because of people arguing, no following directions. Like, 85% cop, 15% those arguing and not following instructions.
&gt;They weren't posturing. They weren't being aggressive. I had to stop reading there. We just aren't going to have the same opinion and outlook on this.
Because teenagers have never hurt anyone. Got'cha.
Phrasing is big problem, you're right. Just like "unarmed" does not equal "not dangerous." They were posturing and approaching (probably saying/screaming too) is a very hostile manner towards the cop. I still feel the gun pull was correct and justified. Those weren't small kids. They were 17+ year olds at the peak of hormones and stupidity, with the build of a young man. What is not dangerous about that? Those weren't "children." You sure as shit wouldn't be calling them "children" if they just willfully committed a homicide.
As a former resident of Orange, class of 2001, there are far bigger problems with Orange. Several nice neighborhoods have just become places for government subsidy filth, and the schools have just gotten sad. I still own a house and land that I let family live in, but I just can't see ever moving back there and putting up with the people there. I'd feel like I need security guards 24/7 anytime it gets dark outside.
I'm not a fan of the music, but god damn that is commendable, respectable, and it made me a fan of him as a person.
I don't understand why you're getting downvoted. This would be an amazing game on PC.
You sure as fuck can when they buy your ppv.
If my contract pay included PPV buys, you'd bet your ass I'd try to get some more fans. That would include developing a personality that is also entertaining outside of the ring.
Well, fuck them. I already own it for xb1, and I'd still rebuy it for PC just to get it in a better way.
This game, running on a gtx980, i mean, I just WANT that, you know?
I expect to get what I paid for, and what was fucking advertised. This is neither. Fuck you.
Unless he was charged $0.25, no, he didn't.
As you should be. Get out of the left lane.
Looks like it's made with beer cans.
Why would someone still be playing bf4 without premium at this point? The game is approaching the 2 year old mark, and premium has been pretty cheap at a few points already. It's literally only $19.99 (USA) right now. Honestly. if you like BF4 enough to still be playing it at this point, you're only doing yourself a disservice by not having premium, the extra maps, and the extra weapons that come with it.
"Need" has nothing to do with it. This is a video game for entertainment purposes. That's like saying you like pizza, but have only ever had it wish cheese, so you don't need to try any other toppings, ever. Not having premium right now still does not make any sense if you're still playing this game since release.
It doesn't make any sense. That's all I'm saying. I know it, others know it, and you know it. It would be different if you just got the game, or maybe put one or two hours of gameplay in every other week or so. If you're actively playing the game, and even watching a subreddit for it, it just doesn't make any sense to not have premium. Frankly, I'd venture to say its just stupid not to if you're actively involved in the game, and community. But, it's cool, you get to be one of those guys who say "yea man, I stuck it to EA/Dice! I didn't buy their dlc!"\ Edit: Serious question, but is it just the game you don't want to spend money on, or are you an overall cheap person (either due to choice or financial constraints)?
[Remember, use the proper etiquette for those pics.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3ph7a-dS08)
I can't agree. Doesn't even look like the second guy ever looked up from his board before he started into the intersection. It's like he thinks the red light will magically make ALL cars stop. Ah, the good 'ol reddit downvotes. State something that makes perfect logical sense, but somehow offends others opinions, so then come the downvotes.
It's a valid thought to have, but a stupid one to expect to be a reality 100% of the time. Good thing laws are there to stop people from committing crimes, right?!?!
Possible, but yea, still not smart.
It really bothers me that during the mighty steam sale, I can find most of the games I want cheaper on cheapsharlk.com or cdkeys.com, and they are usually to sites selling steam keys.
Yes, because it definitely looks like America is starting ww3, and not Russia. What a tool.
Lets forget about how many of those bases are requested to be their by the country their in, or by neighboring countries requesting aid. You sure are an idiot.
Try turning off Al Jazeera once in a while.
You left out the word "documented".
&gt;I also left. You are a bitch. Are you telling me you went somewhere? I don't understand. Are you one of the undocumented aliens he's talking about?
I wonder what will change when xb1 is running dx12.
i didn't mean just for battlefront, I meant gaming in the future as a whole. The xb1 is basically going to become a mini-computer running the most supported PC os in the world, using DirectX right along with it.
Once again, I don't just mean from a graphics stand point, and pc portability. dx12 will allow better utilization of existing hardware. Of course a software change won't affect physical hardware components.
Which version of directx runs on the ps4?
I feel like I'm talking with people who don't know how DirectX works, or who are primarily console users and this is a new topic for them. This may totally not be the case, but it's definitely how it feels.
When you compare how a game that supports both dx9 and dx11 runs under each, it becomes evident why people are curious about the changes it'll make in the console world. One of the biggest benefits of dx12 will be the advanced optimization of existing hardware.
Found the PS/sony fan boy. Do you not understand why it is such a big thing for a console to be coded to run the same software that a pc is running, and what that means for the gaming future in general?
This isn't getting the respect it deserves. But her dreams, aren't, as empty!
His arms, wide open.
Reddit, take note: imgflip loads very slow.
It's the era of the "bro" and 12 year old gamer. Its what we have to suffer with. :(
I totally read this as Shogun curing diabetes by face stomping it into submission.
When a post has been up for 6 hours without a single reply from op, I totally believe THEY think it's worth it.
It totally matters in a political sense, which appears to be the point you're missing.
You're fucking retarded, and ignorant.
Clean bricks would have looked a lot better, without red paint anywhere.
I sure do wish I could get these to work on my android phone. Sucks they're only for iPhone.
It totally does when you consider that jones walks around at 230lbs. He wouldn't even have to cut weight and could walk in as fresh as ever. He'd have so much energy, it'd be like he almost took a bump right before the fight.
The big difference would be that these two would be fighting at their natural weight, and would still be in the same weight class.
I don't understand what the downside is of two people fighting at their natural weight? Would you not get a fight where the better fighter wins, especially when their natural weight has them in the same weight class?
I don't understand how people can have this point of view. An accident via hand manipulation versus straight up corner cheating, and it's "even"? If you honestly feel that way, Jones should have lost every fight that he gouged peoples eyes out multiple times.
Doing something intentional, and unintentional are two separate things when you want to do a karma count. Remember when you said "karma"? Yea, that matters a lot for karma.
How do you forget to get off a stool between a timed round? Do you tell the guy "hey man, we need to stop fighting for a second so I can get my finger out of your glove" while he's trying to strike back? Come on now. I think it's you who needs to use a little bit of logic.
You're right. It depends on what you like. Some people don't like having their constitutional rights ripped away from them.
[She's the new slow motion man.](https://youtu.be/eJ4G18KQFgA?t=14)
So you're saying to get upvotes he needs to completely pretend to be someone he's not, wreck some cars, do some coke, flee from crimes he's committed and injure pregnant women? Then he gets the "likable character" nod?
Thank god you aren't anyone to worry about in the scoring field then.
It's not like she's busy running a country. . . . oh, nevermind.
&gt; The switching of animation styles is distracting and really makes the whole thing feel like a collab. I'm sorry, but could you explain this a bit for me?
Ok, I wanted to make sure that's what you mean, because that's exactly what the point of the "movie" was. I was well aware of that prior to watching it, and looked forward to seeing some of the talent behind other projects (like Ghost In The Shell, Akira, Etc) take their turn as a Matrix short film. Are you saying you weren't aware of that before watching it?
That's what I was wanting IAMNOTPLEASED to clarify. I was aware of that prior to watching it and expected that, but it seems like they were not, or think it was meant to be something different.
&gt; If it works for him, that's great. But this religous and spiritual talk is part of the reason that I cheered for Luke in this fight. That's kind of a shitty of a shitty reason, but ok.
What's the going exchange rate on integrity these days?
You sure do hate America according to your various posts. Did we free you from something?
Well, aren't you just a reality dodging piece of shit. . .
TIL there is a progress bar in steam for things.
I don't think it's reaching at all. I don't agree with it, but it's very possible. Especially if Travis thought he might be losing. I'd sure he'd rather have a NC than a L on his record.
Being not part of any of those three groups, I think I can say go fuck yourself.
Is this shit your job?
It's high enough if you're a situationally aware defensive driver.
I hate news articles that don't give specifics of the suspect.
Oh I don't know, maybe who it was that was arrested, was the weapon stolen, history (if any) of the person arrested? Just things I guess. . . .
I wasn't aware I was convicting anyone or anything. I was just stating that all of the information that "I" would like to know, is known within almost 30 minutes of an arrest.
I tried telling someone this on a previous post, and I got downvoted to shit.
I'm not saying you're wrong, but please show me the legal statues that prevent the information about the arrested individual from being released to the public.
Sponsor money bruh. I'm sure he could make up the difference.
The round just started. Unless you personally know it was staged, I don't believe it was. I've seen this asshole tactic pulled by quite a few players on pc. It's always nice when an admin kills them for it.
K.
Honest question: Is he also mentally handicapped?
Hey motherfucker, get your ass back in here and respond to /u/Andyman117 .
Fuck the pieces of shit that are down voting you. The ref was clearing stopping the fight, and Diaz kept trying to get in robbie's face, and even tapped him. Super fucking shitty.
Not really. &gt;Born Stipe Miocic August 19, 1982 (age 33) Euclid, Ohio, U.S.[1]
Post on a local forum related to the incident: &gt; http://www.yellowbullet.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1671850 My friend of 45 years went to pick up his gun from a repair shop yesterday with his son and got into a shoot out with the owners. sad deal. after they got there they found out the gun wasn't repaired and was just going to take the gun , the gun shop owners wife told them that there was a 25 dollar service charge and they got into an argument . she calls her husband and he shows up with his son and when my friend went to leave, they got into a scuffle and shot him. then thats when my friends son started shooting, taking out the father and son. my friend was shot once in the kidney and arm, his son was stabbed and shot in the head. both are doing find and recovering . I still can't believe this all happened. Him and his son are so laid back. I told him not to move to that redneck town after he lost everything in Katrina. He's another racer and helps everyone and kind hearted. http://www.sunherald.com/news/local/crime/article56305535.html
I don't understand why that is ok to accept.
I'm going to assume you're pro illegal immigration based off of that statement.
If you can't provide documents stating you are currently here legally, why is it ok to give someone a state issued driver's license?
Your lack of denying my assumption rings it true.
[K.](http://i.imgur.com/1XqMCim.gifv)
I'm surprised they had the balls to release the description of the suspects. Most articles try not to so they don't sound racist.
I think they're on equal footing with being pieces of shit. I'd hate them just as much if they were on my team just as much as I'd hate him on the enemy team. Edit for some people: I don't believe you read that correctly. I would hate the heli pilot on the enemy team equally as much as I'd hate the roof idiots if they were on my team.
I don't believe you read that correctly. I would hate the heli pilot on the enemy team equally as much as I'd hate the roof idiots if they were on my team.
Do they fucking have to be?
When it's attached to a 5'4" and 220lbs woman, it's not something you want to see. Ever.
They're like Squeak, from Baseketball.
He was tripped by the invisible foot of Corruption.
Here's a comparison I made. PC still looks a little better, image compression on the screenshots robbed a little quality. http://imgur.com/a/wcWfx
Was there a high score they were trying to beat?
Oh, just because you aren't a police officer, carrying a gun makes someone a "typical dumb redneck". TIL.
Bullshit, it's a fantasy thing. Can confirm, was high school male, had hot teachers I fantasized about.
Star WARS. Not: Star Friends Star Wizards Star Brunches Star Disagreements Star Playground Scuffle etc, etc
SHUT THE FUCK UP, BILLY!
I can't read this shit.
First time I'm seeing one of his post, how would I, only an English reader/speaker, know? And fuck you fucking fucks who are downvoting me, but whatever.
I've coined the term for a few friends. I tell them they've been "frontiered."
I bet the paper in those books have absorbed many a poo scents.
Must be the angle.
Now that you've seen the picture, have you called to report it?
Na, that $53k payday he just got should seal his future up nicely. /s
Let me know if you have any problems with it going to sleep or hibernate through displayport. I'm having the following problems and can't find a single fix. https://www.reddit.com/r/ultrawidemasterrace/comments/47reyr/help_ultrawide_wont_go_to_sleepstandby_on/
Also seen on the front page of reddit, today. https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4n03j2/a_bible_store_in_kansas_has_trouble_understanding/
&gt; Or start shutting down your PC or start turning off your monitor. This is what I've had to do, and it's just annoying.
Starving yourself for religion. It's what god/allah wants!
The issue is with people looking for reasons to be offended, or feeling the need to be a victim, and tossing all logical thought out of the fucking window.
https://youtu.be/TgL_5QcZCMo Yeah, fuck you, too. Fuck *me*? Fuck *you*, Fuck you and this whole city and everyone in it. Fuck the panhandlers, grubbing for money, and smiling at me behind my back. Fuck the squeegee men dirtying up the clean windshield of my car - get a fucking job! Fuck the Sikhs and the Pakistanis bombing down the avenues in decrepit cabs, curry steaming out their pores stinking up my day. Terrorists in fucking training. SLOW THE FUCK DOWN! Fuck the Chelsea boys with their waxed chests and pumped-up biceps. Going down on each other in my parks and on my piers, jingling their dicks on my Channel 35. Fuck the Korean grocers with their pyramids of overpriced fruit and their tulips and roses wrapped in plastic. Ten years in the country, still no speaky English? Fuck the Russians in Brighton Beach. Mobster thugs sitting in cafés, sipping tea in little glasses, sugar cubes between their teeth. Wheelin' and dealin' and schemin'. Go back where you fucking came from! Fuck the black-hatted Chassidim, strolling up and down 47th street in their dirty gabardine with their dandruff. Selling South African apartheid diamonds! Fuck the Wall Street brokers. Self-styled masters of the universe. Michael Douglas, Gordon Gekko wannabe mother fuckers, figuring out new ways to rob hard working people blind. Send those Enron assholes to jail for FUCKING LIFE! You think Bush and Cheney didn't know about that shit? Give me a fucking break! Tyco! Worldcom! Fuck the Puerto Ricans. Twenty to a car, swelling up the welfare rolls, worst fuckin' parade in the city. And don't even get me started on the Dom-in-i-cans, 'cause they make the Puerto Ricans look good. Fuck the Bensonhurst Italians with their pomaded hair, their nylon warm-up suits, their St. Anthony medallions, swinging their Jason Giambi Louisville Slugger baseball bats, trying to audition for "The Sopranos." Fuck the Upper East Side wives with their Hermès scarves and their fifty-dollar Balducci artichokes. Overfed faces getting pulled and lifted and stretched, all taut and shiny. You're not fooling anybody, sweetheart! Fuck the uptown brothers. They never pass the ball, they don't want to play defense, they take five steps on every lay-up to the hoop. And then they want to turn around and blame everything on the white man. Slavery ended one hundred and thirty seven years ago. Move the fuck on! Fuck the corrupt cops with their anus-violating plungers and their 41 shots, standing behind a blue wall of silence. You betray our trust! Fuck the priests who put their hands down some innocent child's pants. Fuck the church that protects them, delivering us into evil. And while you're at it, fuck J.C.! He got off easy! A day on the cross, a weekend in hell, and all the hallelujahs of the legioned angels for eternity! Try seven years in fuckin' Otisville, J.! Fuck Osama Bin Laden, al-Qaeda, and backward-ass cave-dwelling fundamentalist assholes everywhere. On the names of innocent thousands murdered, I pray you spend the rest of eternity with your seventy-two whores roasting in a jet-fuel fire in hell. You towel-headed camel jockeys can kiss my royal Irish ass! Fuck Jacob Elinsky. Whining malcontent. Fuck Francis Xavier Slaughtery my best friend, judging me while he stares at my girlfriend's ass. Fuck Naturelle Riviera, I gave her my trust and she stabbed me in the back, sold me up the river, fucking bitch. Fuck my father with his endless grief, standing behind that bar sipping on club sodas, selling whisky to firemen, and cheering the Bronx Bombers. Fuck this whole city and everyone in it. From the row-houses of Astoria to the penthouses on Park Avenue, from the projects in the Bronx to the lofts in Soho. From the tenements in Alphabet City to the brownstones in Park Slope to the split-levels in Staten Island. Let an earthquake crumble it, let the fires rage, let it burn to fucking ash and then let the waters rise and submerge this whole rat-infested place. [pause] No. No, fuck you, Montgomery Brogan. You had it all, and you threw it away, you *dumb* *fuck*!
Fire extinguisher killed the driver.
I downvoted this.
Newton would have had the shit slammed out of him sooner had he not cheated and deliberately grabbed the top of the cage. With that in mind, I'm glad it didn't get overturned.
In the eight years I've had my car, I've never used the key to open the doors or trunk.
Who the fuck loads a revolver with multiple bullets when trying to commit suicide???? &gt;i suppose if there are no bullets in the gun, and only one bullet hole Wait, are you suggesting someone played russian roulette with a semi automatic pistol??? That's. . . that's not how it works at all.
People commit crimes all the time too, I guess that makes it ok.
Good 'ol Decisionator is back. Mark my words, he'll never headline a ppv. Edit: never *again.
At the rate immigration and reproduction, give it a few years.
&gt;Why did the owner hate you so much? /u/IndigoRanger , Get your fucking ass in here and answer this question.
&gt; As a straight guy, &gt; I would try gay stuff with him. I've got some news for you . . .
"How about a magic trick? I'm going to make this pencil disappear."
It was supposed to be this way from the start, for the whole series.
I couldn't live without Shiner Holiday Cheer or Prickly Pear. Survive! :(
At first, I thought you meant the dude being dead center of the video like a retard.
Completely ignoring the fact that it was a territory at the time, they attacked a US Naval base. Regardless of where that is sitting, it's the same as attacking the US.
&gt;Man it's getting bad in Chicago getting? GETTING?
&gt;We see pecs, we upvote. Right guys? I won't.
You sure about that? Edit: Posted below: Brenton Thwaites - Cairns, Queensland, Australia Courtney Eaton - Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - Rudkøbing, Denmark Elodie Yung - Paris, France Gerard Butler - Paisley, Scotland, UK Geoffrey Rush - Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia
Brenton Thwaites - Cairns, Queensland, Australia Courtney Eaton - Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - Rudkøbing, Denmark Elodie Yung - Paris, France Gerard Butler - Paisley, Scotland, UK Geoffrey Rush - Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia
&gt; You could get exemptions for therapeutic use, due to the body not producing enough. Do you know why their bodies weren't producing enough?????
Please, do one for the prelims also. This card is nuts.
No, it doesn't.
Wut?
Hottest catwoman ever.
Must be nice growing up in a time where wifi is now a part of the equipment an ISP provides you. You used to have to buy a seperate router or access point to have wifi in your home.
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!
Username checks out!
As someone who constantly sees mexican flags on trucks and beat up cars almost any time I have to drive some place, I can "kind of" see his point, but it's not really rant worthy. It is, what it is.
Uh, if $80 more has to come out of my pocket, then yea, it does have to do with the price of the item. I can't just tell them "Hey guis, i don't want to pay tax, please give me at base price."
What are you exactly arguing, or why are you replying to me? I'm stating that $700+tax makes it not a good deal to me. I am alluding that I would not make the purchase in person because equal or better can be bought at a lower price online, when stock is available. (http://www.newegg.com/Product/ComboBundleDetails.aspx?ItemList=Combo.2981487&amp;nm_mc=AFC-C8Junction&amp;cm_mmc=AFC-C8Junction-Veeralava%20LLC-_-na-_-na-_-na&amp;cm_sp=&amp;AID=10446076&amp;PID=6202798&amp;SID=) Are you arguing against what I think is a good deal? Are you telling me I shouldn't be concerned about the tax, even though it is more money coming out of my pocket? I don't understand your reply to my comment, which was about ALSO having to pay tax for the product.
Oh look, another fight where someone is calling someone out who has nothing to lose, but everything to gain. Get to 135lbs, get the ufc gold, make (some) money.
Fact Checked via LiveLeak.
Tailgating traffic laws have taught me this was your fault. Edit: Attack Heli Pilots fault, not op/gif owner.
I thought I was on /r/facepalm for a second.
Wut?
Promptly after receiving this raping, I had to open and play Overwatch. I hate to do it, because I love a good battleborn game over a good overwatch game, but lately my choices are extremely shitty battleborn round, or acceptable mediocre overwatch round. Fuck. Edit: Butthurt downvotes don't change the factual statement that rounds are found faster, and more balanced with elvels.
I can't agree with you. My personal experience has the match making working much better. No amount of down votes in this sub will make that fact for my experiences any different.
Hear me out, and this may sound crazy to those of you from the "participation trophy" generation, but losing isn't fun. Why would I fire up a game, just to queue up for a loss? Maybe 2k/gearbox should take the hint from their player base and price this game accordingly to the demand?
I used f12 for steam screenshots . . .
Outside of the actual game play (menus and shit) for battleborn, I have black bars on the sides because of my 21:9 format monitor. (http://www.lg.com/us/monitors/lg-34UM95-P-ultrawide-monitor) It goes back to normal (without black bars) during any gameplay. http://i.imgur.com/OGYZXUQ.jpg
As someone said earlier, there is a difference between just getting a competitive loss, or a full out fucking stomping. I don't have a problem with a competitive loss, but when rounds are ending 500-23, no amount of "it's just a game" makes that shit fun.
Please point out where I said this was his fault.
Your comment is confusing. I am one of the low level players. . . .
Or I'm upset that there isn't enough of a player base for the game to effectively implement a ranking/match making system that keeps players of same estimated skill to a team of near evenly ranked opponents.
I'm sorry, but this makes me laugh, so hard. (not at your situation, but just the facts of it all) An area freaking out, so bad about this, and it's 1/3rd the size of the Dallas metroplex area in Texas. I fucking drive through an area the size of a country weekly, just to and from work, and people are flipping their shit about it's future. I can't image if just the CITIES in Texas started to do this. It'd be so weird. The fact that there is such a panic for a tiny area that economies are going nuts is just crazy to me. 40x the GDP of Ireland in one state alone, 10x the gdp of an entire area in just ONE of the metroplexes in just one states. It really makes me realize how big Texas is, and how much of an impact it could REALLY have.
&gt; Pulp Fiction for instance. It was OK You lost all credibility right here.
i'm going to get downvoted, but here we go. &gt;I can't speak for everyone, but for those who bitch about the price and the value of the DLC...I for one just don't get it. $60 for me. 14 hours spent. $4.29 per hour. Those who "bitch" about the price and the value are the ones who are very underwhelmed by this game. I'm not going to list all of my complaints, they're all over the internet, gaming forums, and subreddits. Basically, we feel like this game didn't deliver, it's extremely casual, does not really support squading/teaming up with friends, terrible balance between the "sides", etc etc. I'm glad you're enjoying it, but you're in the minority of those who purchased it. (and the player stats at http://swbstats.com/ support that statement). I don't think a followup to this game will be treated the same way by DICE after the amounts of negative reviews, and low online player base with a game of this age. I can only hope they make the right changes. Before someone says "why are you still here", it's very simple: I keep hoping for some DLC or content change that will peak my interest and justify the 41.7gb of ssd space it's taking up.
How long has your dishwasher been broken?
[By Grabthor's hammer!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ2hJezvd2I)
Ah, Chicago. The land that outlawed being able to defend yourself against armed attackers.
&gt; jump through a bunch of hoops I see what you did there.
Judging by this threads response, I should totally put my friends snap chat on the back of my car like this guy did.
There are more people playing Battlefront than there are this game right now, and that both scares, and saddens me. :( I tried playing some PVE just to level up m command rank, get some credits, and buy some gear packs, but I can't even do that because it starts a damn mission with only two people (myself included), and the other player drops out. This game needs to be $30 regular priced, then sales starting from there.
It makes me think it was a restoration of "what do I have" instead of "what should I buy."
wait wait wait, is there a "summon power armor" mod?
Dirty, filthy, fucking liar. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1peh5e/girlfriend_and_i_went_as_plastic_army_men/
Or scripture tattoos on their chest.
Cool. More for me then.
I thought the woman got away.
Can I have your beef too?
You sure do seem upset about me wanting whatever beef toy have no planon eating.
While definitely the trailers fault, one had to wonder what a driver hitting the brakes could have accomplished or helped with.
Those street lanes are tiny.
Am I the only one who buys keys when I have a crate? I mean, shit, I love this game, want to support it, and keep it going.
&gt; The guy has issues but they aren't as bad as yours. That opinion is easily debatable.
&gt; first openly gay UFC champion It bothers me that people think this is something that should be marketed. Why does this matter?
Why does her preference in sexual partners matter in a combat sport, and why would ANYONE be surprised about a woman in combat sports not be masculine to a point where she'd be lesbian? I just don't get the surprise or the craziness behind it.
They've eliminated a lot of local customers if they're in New Orleans.
So, what kind of comics are these supposed to be? You've got those warm cuddly ones, the life lesson comics, and then the funny ones. This clearly isn't the latter, so is it one of the other two? Edit: It's a serious question, shit people, calm down with your downvote trigger fingers.
So, what are you warding with . . . . .
I know it's a karma attempt, but what is the fucking message here? Members of the donald want people to be kidnapped, tortured, and it streamed on facebook?
I toss a grenade then hit R. Still can't kill the piece of shit if no one else is around to help me.
Have 48 person conquest servers become a thing yet?
How'd you get your 970m to a point where you could overclock it? I have a ASUS G751JT-CH71 with 970m and i7 4710HQ that I'd love to overclock.
What exactly would the Mexican people fight this revolution with? What arms or weapons do that have?
I bet all the kids in your highschool class laughed at this, didn't they op?
I plan on grabbing a set of "take off wheels and tires" of the 2015+ fx4 style whenever I need new tires for my Tremor. I absolutely hate the black wheels.
Sure is a good thing he ran ALL the way over there, so the gunner would have plenty of time to shoot the blimp down
14x8 &gt; 10x10
&gt;clip [*magazine](http://mancavehq.weebly.com/uploads/4/5/3/7/45379701/6550376_orig.jpg)
The silence pretty much needs to be rmb = swing, not rmb=activate and lmb to swing.
I can't wait to see Nunes defend the belt on a Fight Night card.
You mean, went down as a draw? That clearly means it should be a rematch. What planet are you on where that doesn't mean rematch for a belt?
My feelings about battleborn: "I sure wish I could solo q play you."
Thanks hoss.
We're going to need /u/Goldenharp_Billy to get back here and tell us what should be done about this "situation".
Any time someone says "blacks aren't racist" or "there aren't as many who are", i just point them to wshh comments.
Is reddit REALLY THIS liberal? I mean, shit. He was a mediocre president, at fucking best. Or is it that most of the member base hasn't experience any other president that obama in the last 8 years? Like most of the user base came in to highschool right as he was elected, and they're just not 22 or something. . . .
So this is where Final Fantasy 7 took place. . .
&gt; I DON'T SURRENDER if you are going to beat me, then beat me but I will not surrender. You're cancer. There are more than adequate times and reasons to surrender. You're holding your team hostage. They want to get out of a losing match, and start working on a match they can win, get their daily crate, and get WIN RATE xp for their account/character. You're literally making them waste time on less xp at LOSS RATE, and eating up time they could be spending towards a victory with higher/better rewards, and a chest. Cancer.
40 players for conquest? How the fuck did I ever miss this???
I was unable to find any conquest mode servers running 40 people. They all say 64, and are all dice official.
You watch "professional wrestling", so I guess you're sensitive to gay jokes. Trailer looked alright. Edit: Didn't realize there were so many wrestling fans here. Alright, well, fuck you guys.
Cool skin. Shitty way of getting it first.
Somebody fucked up* on the drawing boards in 2002-2003, and that's the bullshit "official" answer they gave after stamping out so many. Why'd they continue to do it? Who the fuck knows, but it's still stupid.
&gt; Luckily it still is 1~ minute on PS4. Shouldn't matter the platform since the game is crossplay with pc/ps4.
I really enjoyed belica in Legacy. I just can't seem to play decent with her in Monolith. At. Fucking. All. I loved the range and diameter for the void bomb. The first right click i made while playing her on monolith made me cry.
Some people may have a tight schedule, and surrendering will give them the chance to get in a game and win, instead of spending their only game time on one round, that was a loss, that they were held hostage in because of a tryhard. It's a fucking game. if 3/5ths want out, let them. Don't be a dick. I actually hold off on voting if I feel like we can still win, but once it gets to 3/5ths of a vote, well. . . "needs of the many" and all that shit. A team that DOESN'T"T WANT TO PLAY, probably isn't going to try hard to win anyways. You are literally making them sit there and lose on character xp, and possible chances for loot crates, victory chests, etc etc because you want to waste their time with your 5% chance of winning. When an enemy team has almost all of their towers still standing, and your team is sitting with two inhibitors down, and a 3rd on only being blocked by one tower, it's time to surrender. I don't go afk, but you won't see wasting any more time blocking the enemy from doing what you wouldn't let your team surrender to accomplish. Edit: Ouch, 1163 silver elo. Now it makes sense why you try to get every win possible.
Some one went on a downvote streak in this thread. What gives? Also, the people who need to see this the most aren't the people who browse this subreddit.
Other than what's evident in the picture, what's the full story on this?
&gt; Titan XP and wonder why you waste money on this junk. TIL my Titan Xp is junk.
I wasn't aware Hillary was elected.
Could you give me a link towards this person named "Tammy"?
But that URL says Tomi. Who is Tammy?
Is this another "her political preferences are different than mine, so she's a cunt" kind of post?
What has "tammy" done to make you so angry?
I thought school started back up already. Why are there still so many shit posts?
&gt; she oozes white privilege Ah, there's that phrase I was looking for. You kids are so angry. Thanks.
But why was this lifted in the air with a bed full of ice/snow?
What is clap back?
It yugely depends on exactly what that debt will be owed for. Will it be debt invested into programs to get us out of debt with a long term goal in mind, or will it be debt continuing the expansion of Obama's (and those before him) warmongering ways?
I'm still playing it, at least 2 matches every day since monolith, and I still would prefer to be back on Legacy. I know I'm in the minority with that thought, but I just enjoyed it more. The pace of the game was more to my liking, and it felt a bit more strategic to me.
Textbook howi is to use all of those abilities to escape, not to advance and kill a lone target. At least, that's how I keep seeing howi played. When someone glares menacingly at them, BOUNCE MINE, SLOW MINE, NOW ULT TO BASE!
If real, she's only got a couple more years of that until that knee gives out.
You can also say "I'll play melee or ranged support, pick whatever adc you want" in the chat. . . . . I'm not saying the current way is ideal, but there are ways to get your message across until something better is implemented or changed.
Maybe you look poorer than them, so they don't approach you?
I've been waiting for a hybrid kit since Aug 3rd. I'm so paranoid about my card getting damaged from high temps that I've throttled it with afterburner to 75c, with 90% fan speed at 70c, and 100% at 75c,
or 46~ year old Tony Hawk, in make-up, like in the gif above.
lol
Oh. My. Fucking. God. DID THEY REALLY? My prayers. Please! https://www.reddit.com/r/paragon/comments/576er8/is_paragon_going_to_take_the_overwatch_approach/ My biggest problem with ultrawide was not being able to see higher up in monolith, and Murdock/TB's ults screwing me over when they zoomed in, since it would zoom to far and screw up my feel of the game.
I don't want a custom loop. I would have to buy a new case to accommodate it. I already know (from previous cards) that their previous kits fit my current case. I prefer their simplistic, tested, warrantied solution.
I don't think the guy is using the shirt as a defense for whites doing it, I think he's wearing it because HE feels media pays more attention to when it's against blacks, for ratings.
That's exactly what'll happen. Didn't say I shared the guy's opinion, just GUESSING that is what HIS opinion is, because I've heard it from other people.
How the fuck will he be missed when all these idiots will be posting about him every 30 minutes like they are now? There won't be any time to "miss" him.
I'll sometimes run crunch as support for my friend as a murdock or sparrow (now) carry, and we do really well. I build early game health, and once he's up to speed I start switching out to a crit and lifesteal build. We work really well together.
I'm one of the people who prefer legacy to monolith. The game was just more fun to me. It felt more strategic, and everything didn't have an insta-kill feeling. I'm not going to bitch and demand they bring it back, that's dumb, but I will admit I STILL had more fun on legacy than I have on monolith, and that's after anywhere from 2-6 rounds almost every, single, day, since monolith's release.
"Who is the last champ you ever beat?" "Michael Bisping?"
I'd love to meat the shit out of her.
I personally enjoy seeing all of the butt hurt anti-trump posts. I didn't vote for either one of those pieces of shit, but the reaction from those against him is just laughable. The losers didn't do this the past two election cycles, but this batch of losers is just so severely butt hurt.. Acceptance and Tolerance. . . yea, right. Ok. Downvoted already. lol.
You mean people that were protesting what they thought was a violation of the constitution? Those people? Sure, they were stupid, but that is a bit different than protesting someone because you have a different opinion of them.
It's racist to want your president to meet the constitutional requirements? What?
Bueller?
All these women marching world wide. It was great. Photos from around the world. Really great. I'm still waiting on the women's march photos from Iran and Saudi Arabia.
[I feel like I've seen this before.](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-A1LesjOx9zY/UMk6KVpGoAI/AAAAAAABStY/y0gPkCGQu-I/w506-h285/photo.jpg)
All I saw was a bunch of fucking jumping. Like bunny rabbits.
This guy posts truth, and people downvote him. Good 'ol /r/Battleborn
I'll remember that the next time I want to take a 13 steps back in hardware. Thanks. Also, not all of the characters are unlocked, you still have to grind or buy new released ones. So glad I play /r/paragon now instead of this. A new hero every three weeks, and they're 100% free to access and play. Also, Cross play between pc and ps4. Bring on the console downvotes.
While there has been a lack of communication, I think some people who are looking for communication aren't even checking Epic's forums. This is Reddit, not Epic's forums. This is a great place for info if others copy/paste it from their site to here, but this is not their official communication tool. Epic forums are for that. https://www.epicgames.com/paragon/forums/
It's only a joke if he says it was. I know people who are that trusting of the government, and would consider that a fine idea. It's fucking scary.
I stay subscribed so I don't miss the news about when it goes f2p, or when there's a post about it becoming playable on PC without needing to either wait an hour in solo queue, or get in to a group of 5.
College kids are some of the dumbest brightest people on the fucking planet.
I'm still waiting for 48 person conquest. 64 player conquest is just a fuck fest.
Oh, I see you have made my opinion invalid by stating your opinion. Thanks. I don't like the chaos of it. I prefer a more tactical feeling that I get from 48 player servers. 64 players is a spawn/kill/die/spawn/kill/kill/die fuck fest in, my, opinion.
The only possible way for your 8 year old daughter to be scared is if you've put fear in to her. She's 8 year old. Unless you're sitting on a fucking prodigy that will give us unlimited renewable energy plans by the time she's 12, she has no fucking clue what is going on. You're pushing your fear in to her. It's no different than an overbearing religious parent shoving a bible down their child's throat. You're just on the opposite end of that spectrum.
hamana hamana hamana facism!
Please, please don't jungle with Greystone. Please.
Now you get to move on to another character, since there's no reward from using him anymore!!!!!
I really wish there was a whole reddit wide rule that political posts had to be tagged as such, so we could fucking block them out.
ugh, that arm pit.
Happens to a buddy and I quite a bit. We'll notice the other three will typically ignore roles at some point to save and cover each other, even going across the map even though no one asked for help. Check Agora.gg and turns out we were playing with a 3 stack while we were 2 stacked. Happens pretty frequently to us.
No, no I don't.
Low. Hanging. Fruit. Scared. Pussy. Deleting. Posts. Cause. Karma.
Was there a mix tape strapped to the front of that truck?
I can't wait to miss this.
It's something you don't want to listen to for extended periods of time. Commercials or trailers? Perfect. Driving around? Around the 2 minute mark i'd be furiously changing the radio.
These are all 100% free, right? I mean, they aren't actually charging money for someone to sit there and move a color slider on a predefined template, right?
Are you trying to make me feel bad for being white?
They're (typically) not as hard or come as late as you'd think.
So basically one had a staff keeping things from him so he was "focused", and the other is reviewing everything himself? I mean, I don't agree with that sentiment, but that's what it sounds like you're saying. Disclaimer: Fuck Trump. Didn't vote for him, or Hillary.
It's childish to good job for any reason other than someone actually doing a good job. Even if the other player is being a dick, now all you're doing is promoting more dickery.
&gt; Well sadly you werent one of them.. A little hypocritical there, aren't you? This is your reply to someone wanting to see people get run over. . is to wish that person was run over? Solid logic there.
I don't care about peaceful, organized protests. Those get the message out, and they do it in a peaceful, non-disruptive way. This shit though. . . I don't care if you cause is to support homeless orphans, i will hate you and your cause if you block traffic like this.
If someone dies in the back of an ambulance, or because fire and rescue couldn't get to someone fast enough due to this shit, how are these people not charged? The amount of selfishness for their opinions or views on a cause is just so fucking staggering and hypocritical.
I agree, and there's a shit load in here that should not be. https://www.federalregister.gov/executive-orders/barack-obama/2016
Here, you dropped some of these: &gt; , . . , , . , . ,
I get the joy of seeing this almost every day in the Dallas area. I make it a point to speed up and just see exactly who is driving the minivan, or toyota camry that just attempted to kill 4-6 other peopled in a drastic lane change.
For some reason I thought they were already in the process of, or done shooting for this movie.
As someone in a field affected by this: Good.
Seriously, no fucking sub is safe.
What is a "food stomach"?
&gt; sacks of shit I can see there's no point in intelligent discussion with you. You're already triggered.
It's not.
Fucking thank you. I had to scroll way to far down to see this.
[I found an earlier photo of them.](http://i2.wp.com/nyoobserver.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/munstersremake.jpg?quality=80&amp;strip&amp;ssl=1)
Is this thread important for the game, and community? Yes. Well, sorry, that means no epic reply will be incoming bud. Sorry. :(
Thank you for uploading this in a quality way, instead of being a mouth breather and taking pictures with your phone, then uploading them. I know people will say "but it's harder on ps4, blah blah". No, it's not. Does it take a BRIEF moment longer? Sure. Is the quality worth it? Absofuckinglutely. Edit: Downvoted? Uh, ok. PS4 brigade must be angry. Bring them on, karma doesn't pay my mortgage.
How fucking old are the articles you're readying???? I don't think anything has been written about this game in a while.
What?
This has to be a joke, or sarcastic post. I refuse to believe we have players coming to this sub who are this arrogant, and ignorant, of the game and how it's designed.
&gt;Let's see you sit in that chair after he gets up. That is what you replied to.
I don't think that's WHY he suspects an inferior culture, i just see that as a side lined thought. Have you never had a conversation with someone who does something like that?
You are extremely focused on the Muslim angle. Why?
You have another reason for being so focused on it. What is it? Are you Muslim?
Don't watch him. Let the ratings decide. Why is that hard for you and them to understand?
Right here, and kind of upset at this post. I was enjoying the fact that I'M NOT BLINDED EVERY DAMN ROUND, SINCE EVERY TEAM HAS A PHASE. *sigh*
I used them a lot on Legacy. Especially against greystones. The problem was the deployment time in Monolith. Made them useless for 95% of the round. I would use them and dance around/through them though, when a melee was trying to get me.
How many mass stabbings and trucks running over people was taking place 5 years ago? 10 years ago? What is the common theme behind the majority of incidents in the past 5 years? What is the response? Ignore them because there are so many people? That's an outlook that promotes more incidents. How many more need to occur with a common theme before action is taken?
uh, ok.
Oh, come on, with an original player name like SCOUTSNIPERNUMBERSNUMBERSNUMBERS, you know he was just setting up the no-scope on the analog sticks.
Fuck off with that bullshit logic. Some of these people are competing for scholarships.
I actually still prefer that than what we have now. The ttk was at a speed I prefered in Legacy. I STILL feel like travel mode needed to be taken out, and character SPEED boosted, but other than that, I would still prefer to play on legacy if given the option. Edit: Downvoted for a personal opinion, never stated anything as fact. Never change r/paragon.
But it's area of affect was amazing!
&gt; still miss little things like CP being on the ground if you didn't last hit creeps With all the talk and direction about shortening games, I'm surprised they took that out.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not, but the vote system is not for agreeing or disagreeing with someone when dealing with comments in a thread, it's for upvoting supporting discussion, and downvoting people who say things like "This!" and "LOL!" as their only contribution to a discussion. And I don't care about the points, i just find it humorous how many people abuse a system.
Never heard of that. I've lived in Orange, Beaumont, Port Arthur, Groves, La Porte, Baytown, Pasadena, Austin, Pflugerville, Manor, Plano, Dallas, and Frisco, and worked in Richardson, Nederland, and Port Neches also. Where the fuck do people in Texas put peanuts in Dr Pepper?
&gt; Are you right because you don't change with the times and stick to some list of guidelines Yes.
inb4 phone picture of a tv for the dankest quality ever.
They (Epic) did the same thing with Paragon (r/paragon), and honestly, I'm still playing/loving the shit out of that. I'll wait for some more gameplay videos, but I'll more than likely be jumping on that bandwagon too.
punch, q, punch, r, punch, e. AKA, The Crunch Delete.
Soundtrack for The Crow.
No idea, but I also haven't looked in to it at all. The only reason I use my PS4 for Paragon is to buy the cheap coin packs. I play on PC for the improved fps and visual.
I mean, i get what you're saying and all. . .but they did kill SOME people. . .
Uh, ok.
Have you reached out to anyone related to Gary Busey?
&gt; kinda preferred the PS4 Any particular reason?
"Supernatural" The French Mistake Season 6, Episode 15 Winchesters are teleported to a world where everything they've been doing is a tv show.
More ref shittery and acting during this game than should be legally allowed. Sucks all of the entertainment/fun out of watching it.
No, I don't. Not when there is a replay system available that can confirm or deny calls. Refs need to be held accountable during or after a game for their calls. The way this shit is now, it's obviously being ref'd to stretch it out for the $$$, instead of just letting the best players win.
If there's an HOA involved, that's different. Otherwise, my fucking property is my fucking property. I don't give a shit if you or anyone else doesn't like it.
No, it's really not. They aren't used to leveling up EVERY ROUND, and going from being weak as piss to super strong at the end. They're also the same players who chase kills, instead of abandoning a chase to kill the minions that are about to overrun a tower. Then they get mad you "let that kill get away", when yous saved a fucking tower/inhib they abandonned. I've seen so many people stuck in a COD mentality when addressing this game. Edit: PS4 brigade bringing in those downvotes from their mobile phones!
When you've got 12k in coins, i'm ok with spending a little.
I can't tell if you're joking, or begging for a bag of dicks to suck on.
With the reposts, and lack of humor, sometimes I don't know why I'm subscribed to r/funny still.
Glanced over it while working. It's still fucking stupid.
It was funny the first 8 times it was posted.
You seem to enjoy hard things. For example, it seems hard for you to not be a piece of shit.
If they met at the funeral, then I don't think the friendship was on that high of a level. Maybe I'm a piece of shit, but if that was the case, I really don't see anything wrong here. .. . .
I don't know why you're getting downvoted, but he's posting, and acting, just like he is swede.
He's talking about how you post, act, respond, etc etc like the shit poster formerly known as swede.
Not when a blind and a root are happening 10x as much as that stun and cage are. Then let's ult an adc, or khaimera. yea, Phase is top choice over Dekker for right now.
Ah-fucking-men. 3/5 should be a surrender. That's a 60% majority. Fucking Epic.
[The arnold one is still the best.](http://i.imgur.com/6UVVtoS.mp4)
It makes sense to nerf her because someone counter picked and equipped a card? That's pretty dumb.
Call me crazy, but that MIGHT be why his pride wants the rematch? That's usually how things work in prideful confident people.
It gets me empathizing with people experiencing declining property values due to an influx of people who are poor, and then start to raise the crime statistics of the area they influx to. Work hard for what you have in life, only to have it destroyed by the poor youth and ignorant criminals.
Spoiled brat? He wants to SPEND money, not get something for free. He wants to BUY what he wants, not have it given to him. he's literally trying to be the opposite of what you claim.
&gt; We still want, need and must have systems where players can use the economy however they see fit. Doing that would mean NOT locking content behind rng gambling system.
in what imaginary world do you live in where only pc players are toxic?
"Good job" "Good Job" "Goob job"
You are stating your opinion as fact again. I prefer to actually have the ability to communicate with my team, to know WHY "good jobbing" is happening. Or what they're expecting. It is extremely frustrating for me to not be able to communicate with players, and the overwhelming majority of those who can not communicate are ps4 players.
I'm going to start doing a dps/tank Steel jungle. Fuck it.
I can't figure out if you're being sarcastic, or you're autistic.
To some, sure.
Surely all of their decisions were made based on high levels of wisdom and logic, and not with youth and emotions. . . . .
I don't get it.
More people watching than there are people playing. Crazy.
The problem with you logic is that she would have to come out and say she is not in support of what is posted to her account. Since she doesn't, she is either relaying for they need to say, or in support of it.
It takes 5 people to run her twitter? I see children on 10 years old using twitter. Why is it so hard for her?
It was one of the reasons I went with the LG G6. That, and the finger print sensor so high on the back of the phone.
I didn't mean Frames per second, I meant the movement of a character via mouse, instead of analog stick.
i ran out of breath reading your post in my head.
What exactly is the stasis gem meta. I've seen it used in a couple games recently, and don't understand why. All it did was give my team time to focus on the person and delete them when it wore off.
Thank god this shit is happening on a day I'll be off from work. I'd go nuts without some of those sites over night.
It's almost like watching a man beat on women.
Thanks, but that really wasn't exactly what the focus of my post was about.
No. Just buy this instead: http://www.gamestop.com/ps4/games/paragon-the-essentials-edition/129176 $24 (plus tax, and shipping if you don't have one near you), but you get 6,000 coins.
When I played Serath jungle, I absolutely loved seeing an enemy Khaimera jungler. I'd drag my nuts all over his face if we got in to a fight. Same with a rampage. Give me a phase to pop her ult on me and I was cleaning house. A phase tethered to a yin, who pops her ult on yin, is a whipping, damage dealing, team killing monster. Even without a phase, Yin is a farming monster thanks to her cleave. The only time I ever have to worry about someone being ahead of me in cxp when I play yin is if the enemy team has a better performing Yin. I must be shit with gadget, and several other players I see must be shit with gadget, because I see morigesh own them all over in the middle, over and over. The only time I manage to survive against a morigesh is when I use Belica with some health regen built in. She still gets the edge in because of her mark, then poison though, and I just have to play extra hard to compete with her. The Monolith characters are stronger across the board in the way they're designed and being played, and it seems like they're easier to succeed with.
I fucking murder sparrow and tb's with yin. The only other carry who gives me honest trouble as yin is Rev. Late game, with tb and sparrow, their attack speed is at a point where I can just randomly right click and slap a high crit shot of their own back at them, and continue slapping the shit out of them. The more damage their dishing out, the more that comes back at them, and I just chill in my Ult wind bubble for a short moment slapping them. I hate playing yin. Hate it. I LOVE playing TB, or Murdock. But, if I want to win, i have to do what the meta demands . . .
I play r/paragon, a lot. It's ps4 and pc crossplay. TRUE crossplay. It can be done. It's probably the only kind of cross platform play, since in all honestly, console really isn't competing with pc numbers. It's far less of a risk for console's to allow crossplay to pc. I don't have to give anyone a code, or select an option for a player pool. We're all lumped in together. Every match has pc and ps4 players. It can be done, it should be done, but $$$ is king. They will only do it if it is a long term money maker, and not something "for the fans, or for the gamers." This is a cold, hard, honest truth that people seem to miss for some reason. If all of the games people wanted were crossplay, the only thing that would matter then is specs. Console manufacturers don't want to have to release new spec systems more frequently than they already are. That is a $$$ loss, not gain.
My fat aches just watching that.
Look buddy, i'm just trying to help out a potential 321.4 million people.
Yes.
Ease up their Romanov, it's just joke.
For some reason, in my head, I read everything you typed out with a Russian accent. No idea why.
I'm not a genius or anything, but I'd assume it's because those republicans believe the other candidate is a worse choice. I didn't graduate from Harvard, so I might be wrong.
Why are you assuming they'd see tax before checkout?
Oh? Which states can you purchase a firearm while informing your seller it's not for recreational use or home defense, without being a LEO or in a similar field?
Please provide you're detailed and accurate list of illegal migrants from Mexico. I'd like to see what makes that negative number.
Is that not documented immigration? I'm asking where you found your detailed and accurate information regarding illegal immigration.
Dropping off does not mean suspended or stopped. A continuing growing number is an issue, especially as far as social services are concerned. It sounds like you're telling people to "stop worrying about it", when it's still an issue, still a problem, a growing (albeit not as fast/much) issue, and one with no true end in sight.
Do that with Bane instead of red hood, let me know how it goes.
I think we all know what she was doing for the night. . .
Was this before or after Phase put Dekker into unemployment?
I meant try closing the gap on green arrow AS a bane player.
Awesome, I appreciate it.
lol @ this guy. This game wasn't made to be played with bots. Bots are like a mini-training ground, or where the autistic people can play.
Children are still doing tea bag shit?
She definitely has a second phone. Maybe shes trying to make a match between them? She sure was swiping fast.
This sets an uncomfortable precedent for shifting blame from ones actions to another. Should I be charged with a crime for telling you to assault yourself? How impressionable are the monds of today's youth, and why is something like this even going to trial?
In which state can I walk in to a gun store, and buy a gun without passing a background check? In which states are guns legal for civilians to use for more purposes than recreational, or self defense?
How is it "showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment" when evaluating all of the previous decisions in the game for new content to be monetized (with the exception of hero releases), and assume that this new content will also cost money? That literally is the opposite of being naive.
And neither will these, but good luck.
I already want to see her get beaten, but that's just because she's a cheat, and complains about situations she has put her self in by cheating. Fuck cryborg.
I hate her because she constantly cries about her "situation", which is the direct result of her cheating. She shot herself in the foot, and cries that it hurts. If she wouldn't have juiced herself in to a monster, she'd be able to compete at 135, where the money is at. She wouldn't cry all the time. She did it to herself, and won't take the blame for it. Fuck her.
&gt; Mmm, I'd like you to explain the helmetless trooper debacle? People crying. A lot. About something that didn't even fucking affect game play. Instead of worrying about why the game population was shit, and instead of focusing on where they fucked up with squads and gameplay, there were countless posts about fucking helmets. Helmets. Those helmets being put back on didn't save the games population.
That's my point exactly. Community focused on helmets, when helmets weren't a problem with the game. How about we see what the fucking game is really about, until people start bitching about what is, or isn't, it it?
They've sure been taking their sweet fucking time with Phase. Too much time, that's the problem.
I've picked up playing Steel in the offlane since his rework. It's phase. All the time. Every fucking game. Phase. I hold my own, but they cause my progression to be so slow that I'm locked to that lane. Then on THEIR offlane, they've got a wukong just split pushing like a fucking mad man. Shit is just so fucking unbalanced.
What do people think the votes would be if it was a "black trash" bin with Obama, Sharpton, or Jackson on it in some other majority white population city?
I fucking wish it was only three weeks.
I guess I'll take the same break the devs appear to be taking.
IMPLYING YOU ARE SITTING ON THERE LAP AS THEY WORK, AND KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. Fact is, they haven't fucking nerf'd this bitch phase yet, and they know, they fucking KNOW, people are sick of her shit. The stats show it. The posts show it. We're fucking telling them. And they haven't. Done. Shit. I love this game, and I love Epic, but stop swinging from their nuts. They're dropping the ball with letting Phase have the fucking free roam she does right now. Games are won and lost depending on if a team has a phase, and an enemy doesn't.
Boy, you sure showed them . . . Side note, are there any 48 player conquest large servers yet? I've left the game uninstalled until there is.
Pretty sure your title is what made this a shit post.
People will surely be in here to tell you that "it's in beta" and "the devs will address it", with a side of "take a break", even though we're 4 weeks in to her being out with no change, large community out cry, and Epic still raking in money from their "beta".
I have no doubt Conor has a higher iq, and can read a Dr Seuss book without troubles, where Mayweather would struggle with figuring out which side batteries go in a remote, but in no way does conor have higher "boxing intelligence" than mayweather does.
it slows per hit, making her target easier to hit. Bitch be op.
Apparently you're new to Western racial relations. Bless your soul.
So it's still in the same book then? Contained in the same wrapping? I can see how they would be confused on what to do.
No. First of all, the steam survey is shit. Its a global collection of anyome playing amything. Not people building gaming pcs for high end gaming. Second, pc allows for changing video settings. You can build you game to look like a modern work of art, and give someone with a low quality of build the option to make it look like a Picasso painting. I see these steam survey results tossed up all the time, but never,any kind of examination of what it really means.
That's the point of a skill based hero. If you miss, you're punished. If not, you're rewarded.
Wait, those are purchasable? Looks like a regular apartment to me. People "buy" those??? Seriously, I wasn't aware of that. I've always associated houses as what people purchase, and apartments/lofts as what people rent until they're ready or capable of buying a house.
Aurora is exactly where she needs to be, a CC focused here, with a little damage. It's not her job to kill people, it's her job to make people killable.
Oh look, another skin to hide in loot crates to whale hunt with. Thanks Epic.
Its ok, as I stated, it was expected that the mods would rather protect smurfs and epic, instead of discussion addressing a serious problem with this game. As is tradition.
How many years later, and I still can't fucking change the volume while in game, or alt-tab without coming back to a fucking white dot in the middle of my screen? Fuck.
I'm not supporting the cop at all, but the video from the girlfriend is 100% after the incident, not before or during. Edit: It's kind of scary that you would think it would give any indication of what happened before and during the incident, other than someone got shot. Please be informed of the incident, or at least know how the parts you are informed about play in the incident. Anyone who saw that video from the girlfriend should only assume that something terrible did happen, but not think that it tells you what has happened. Edit Edit: The fact that the comment above has more upvotes, when providing wrong information, shows how ignorant the public is. Seriously, fuck you guys.
This is what ocd, or autism looks like.
If there was a point in that incoherent rambling of yours, I missed it.
It'd get a rich, hard injection of diversity, but the same laugh track.
I was raised on transformers, read the comics, bought shirts, and still occasionally buy a limited something I think is cool. I go in to these expecting shit for story, and tons of robot fighting, explosions, and teenage level boy action screams to emit from my body. I've never been disappointed, and get exactly what I want each time.
That's my only complaint. I still enjoy these movies, but yea, I'd like something based off the recent comics without any humans in it. Still waiting to see what happens after Megatron is left in other universe in the Lost Light series.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.
"When will Loot Crate whale hunting stop, and options for all content to be purchasable be available"? You'll get crickets, or skipped over in a heart beat.
Jesus christ. I had a person who was first pick the other night intentionally pick Gadget to play support. . . . I . . . i can't even . . . what the fuck people. . .
This isn't a screen shot. This is some shit attempt at taking a picture of a screen/tv on a phone. Sad this is, pc or ps4, there is a NATIVE screenshot function. People are just fucking lazy. Edit: Looks like the ps4 brigade showed up with their down votes. Get unlazy, you shit heads.
Op sees what he wants to eat.
The ONLY way she can support, is if someone on the other team was stupid enough to pick someone equally terrible as a support.
I enjoyed the action scenes of the movie. Everything from the submarine doing a fucking loop in the water, explosion and shit flying in the "get away" small town street, to the fucking moments of Cogman going all ninja butler. Don't pretend that I have to conform to your sense of what makes things enjoyable.
There was plenty of brainless action in my opinion, just as much as any of the others.
Not everyone knows this, but ps4 supports mouse and keyboard for this game.
Fucking terrified of hail, and paying deductibles for repairs.
I think they're ugly as shit, but could you explain for me what makes them dumb?
Sat through an episode, it was shit. No motivation to sit through another. Would have given it 1 star.
What the fuck does someone's vagina, or perceived racial insensitivity have to do with making the planet habitable?
Pizza and champagne. Beautiful.
So, I didn't like the episode that is literally meant to get you hooked, or interested, so I'm supposed to not be able to review it as such? What kind of logic is that? Do I have to continually eat something I don't like in order to say "yea, I definitely don't like this"? What exactly is the time I should spend not enjoying something before I have the right to say I don't enjoy it?
The film thing I can understand, but if I watched an entire episode from beginning to end, and it is literally the episode that is meant to get people interested, and I didn't like it, I have a right to say as much. Why, why in the World would someone continue to watch something they are unmotivated to watch, even after giving it an honest try? I have every right to say the first episode sucked, and I have every right to say the first episode did not get me interested to watch any more of it.
I got that part, I thought he was saying that canted sights were dumb period, not just the ones in the picture.
I liked Bojack from the first episode, and NEED August to hurry up and get here.
*sigh*
Is that all you've got? Ok guy. Please continue being ignorant, and assuming racism stops because your preferred political leaning, or current living location, is "blue".
Remind me to thank my parents next time I go back home.
wait, what? They even put interviews in the game?
Ok.
Probably asked him in Russian, and Chael's Linn, Oregon rooted American genes got offended. Or, you know, it's a shtick, and don't think about it so much.
*#TitoTapped*
We bitch about the bad things, but don't talk/ignore the great things, like legacy. ughhhhhhh.
I miss legacy every time a team fight is over in 10 seconds. And every time I get fucking blinded by Phase.
Preach it brother. PREACH!
Does Ash of the Witch work on each swing during his ult?
Share your deck hoss. I just got back in to playing Grux and would love to try it out.
Fuck everything about you. Your mentality is cancer to this game.
The chracter denied it.
I don't want to see Han Solo turned into Ace Ventura, but now I just realized I'd love to see an Ace Ventura in space. . .
Is this the shit people are really worried about? How about we focus on a good, fun to play game, instead of "muh immersion" shit?
K.
Is the front sight on backwards?
Jesus Christ. They even make lists for why they left buzzfeed.
Well, the problem with your statement is an overwelming amount of people don't agree with this part: &gt;deadpool was not that good I don't personally know anyone at work, home, or in my social circles that did not like the movie. Even my non-comic loving parents absolutely loved it. What is it that people who say it "was not that good" didn't like about the movie, that everyone else seemed to love?
Coke always makes me smile too.
What do you think of the character Deadpool? Not just the movie, but the general idea and way the character is used.
&gt; He wouldn't be a -terrible- adc, but the traditional adcs will definitely rek you in a 1v1. When every other adc would wreck you as an adc, that literally is the definition of being a terrible adc.
My favorite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwJWPz1K-UY
The current time at the moment of this comment, and those before it in this thread clearly show the difference in what countries have more people awake, vs those that are still asleep.
I can tell you with 98.5% certainty that the gene is not prevalent in Indian and Middle Eastern men.
Absolutely nothing is wrong with it. http://i.imgur.com/my8hOXr.jpg
It's the regular viewable field of view height, but widened with an ultrawide monitor. http://www.lg.com/uk/monitors/lg-34UM95 It's basically the same height as a 27" monitor, but with roughly 3" extra to each side. Also, it's great for cinema view. No bars on the top and bottom of the screen.
The chaos of this game pushed me away from it. I get it, large scale war, blah blah blah. I still play bf4 for the 48 player conquest large maps. 64 players is just spawn, kill, die, spawn, die, spawn, kill, kill, die, spawn, die, spawn. Around every single carner, behind every tree, etc. No sense of squad play or strategy. Just run and gun, reflex, twitch, repeat. Edit: I'll get downvoted for this opinion, but I've come to expect that in this sub. No shock or surprise there, and also no fucks to give.
What exactly does "cheapen" mean now? This takes nothing away from the first movie. It's not like "oh, well this movie is out, so now the first jumanji isn't as good anymore. Right guys?" Fucking get real.
He likes to have nice things, and likes to take steps to keep them nice. I feel for this guy. I try to do this as much as I can. I fucking cringe in crowded parking places. I just can't help but look at the edges of peoples doors, and see how much they've beat their shit up without caring at all. Seeing their door when it looks like this, i get scared for my own vehicle being near it. http://i.imgur.com/bJPol49.jpg?1
I'm upvoting you either because you're sarcasm is great, or you've got balls of steel to post support for trump on reddit. Foolish bravery and/or great sarcasm always gets my vote!
Knocking on 40 days. Wouldve been higher, but I dont play as much since Phase, since I primarily played off lane.
"That wouldn't have knocked me out! Get up, pussy! Bleed!"
lol, what a genius.
Sevarog squishy? And Serath, I mop up with her, even after jungle changes and minion hits improved. Worked all the way to her mastery with playing her as jungle. It's the best role she's suited for.
Good thing that isn't a smurf account you created to kill off new members. Oh wait.
I'm tired of playing jungle, since everyone wants to play another character and role since all of the newer heroes AREN'T junglers. I'd love for a jungler designed hero to get released so people will WANT to play that, and I can switch out. I'm good at jungling, but I'm just getting sick of it. I'm starting to do stupid shit to keep myself entertained as jungler. Jungler Steel. Jungler Riktor. Jungler Yin. Etc etc.
or the $100+ cell phone plan and monthly $30 finance phone fee. Edit: Fair warning all ye who comment here, there be downvoters around! Bring it, pussies.
I aints afraid of ye!
It's depressing to see a Battlefield title on pc lose players this fast. Every installment since bf2 is another step down the continuing trend of making it more casual.
Dude, trim and maintain your shit!
Keepeth this up, and i'll did beat thee up with a crowbar!
Problem is, it lacks substance because of it. They're just trying to throw out a flash product that'll hold you over MAYBE just long enough until the next installment, instead of making something you'd enjoy playing for a very long time to come.
He was a dead man, until the magical phase yank.
cool, well, others can keep giving them money. ill start waiting for them to be super cheap, just like the content they offer.
Kick your nephew back to his house.
