Brilliant. I'd love to see a reality show where you put Lindsay Lohan and Shia LaBeouf on an island and they need to survive. Then at the end of the episode the island gets nuked. I'd watch that show.
[The Kids in the Hall had a skit that sort of parodied the uniqueness of the sport - called "Shirling"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gu3mbl8SAk)
I absolutely love th Cardigans, and they got such a bum rap because of this song. I mean, it was really popular, but if you only know them from this one song, it makes them seem like throwaway pop - which they weren't. They were an incredible rock band. A couple of my favorites: [I Need Some Fine Wine and You Need to Be Nicer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUBb4P2clO0) [My Favorite Game](http://youtu.be/hKFQITKzXIc) EDIT: Another song I love - [You're the Storm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxZ9_XlL19E)
Shia knew exactly what he was doing when he made this. It was 100% his plan to look like a complete weirdo in front of a green screen, and now he's going to be everywhere and people will be putting him in funny videos. This will be *the* "it" meme for 2015. It will be this year's "Gagnam Style"....
I picked up XCOM on the PS3 when it was free on PS+. One of those "Well, I might as well download it because it's free"....and I couldn't believe how great it was. &gt;which will be available exclusively on PC this November. ...hopefully it comes out on consoles soon after. Would love to play this on my PS4...
ARGH! God dammit :(
Sons of Anarchy. It started out pretty great (other than the whole "the only biker gang in history that doesn't say fuck"), but by the end it was just ridiculous, and every show was the exact same. It started with a musical montage...then padding/fluff for most of the episode, *something really good happens to move the story ahead*, more padding fluff, then ends with a musical montage showing the characters all forlorn and sad....
...just a lot of dropping the controller, and shitting of the pants.
[Found one](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/a4/89/2f/a4892fbb3878698839c0cd5f5311add4.jpg)
Honest question, but with all of the Comcast hate, why are people still using them? Is it a kind of "only game in town" or lack of choice?
Oh crap! Totally haven't had a chance - I'll check it out tomorrow and let you know - I appreciate it!!
Okay! Here's the error I get: Exception calling "Put" with "0" argument(s): "Generic failure " At line:56 char:1 + $Printer.Put() + ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ + CategoryInfo : NotSpecified: (:) [], MethodInvocationException + FullyQualifiedErrorId : DotNetMethodException Would it have anything to do with how you set up variables? $PrinterIP = "(xx.xx.xx.xx)" $PrinterPort = "9100" $PrinterPortName = "IP_" + $PrinterIP $DriverName = "HP Universal Printing PCL 6" $DriverPath = "\\servername\loadingdock\PrinterDrivers\HPPCL6x64\" $DriverInf = "\\servername\loadingdock\PrinterDrivers\HPPCL6x64\hpcu150u.inf" $PrinterCaption = "Copy Room Printer" (I do actually have information in $PrinterIP and $driverpath)
I do, but it's not a gaming PC.
It's a Mac....not a gaming PC.
Hey there! 1) I'm using OptionList 1 - just specified two computers (as a test) 2) I'm running with elevated privileges, and I do have access to the directory. 3) From the looks of it the script fails at the "CreatePrinter" function - so I would imagine the first two functions were successful?
Although it may not be ported to the Mac right away....might come later - but still! Thanks for the heads up! :)
I wish I could be more help - but would maybe contacting Toronto city hall - or maybe the Parks and Rec department be a good place to start? They certainly may be able to at least point you in the right direction?
The only thing he taught me is swearing during stand-up doesn't make you a funny comedian.
It's right here in TFA: &gt;"Sony does not permit any remote other than their game controller to power on the game console."
The beer or the game?
The classic ["I'm John Dacker"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi8beYR1iBQ) ...and the [wonderful animated follow-up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgJxEfYT3Kg)
Aubrey needs to have someone show her how to wear makeup.
Oh God.....it'd be nothing but flannel and Doc Martins.
Oh Jesus, here we go. The Chris Pratt backlash starts....
I couldn't imagine the smell! I keed, I keed - great job Oshawa!!
Or a long island ice tea!
So Obama was born in Hawaii, is American, and Republicans have a problem with it because he spent some time in Africa as a kid. Ted Cruz wasn't even born in the United States....and Republicans love him and have no problem with him running as POTUS. That's grade A hypocrisy!
I firmly believe that Glenn Healy has naked pictures of someone high up in the government, or high up with Rogers. It's the *only* explanation of how he is still on the air. He adds zero insight to the game that any casual hockey fan wouldn't have. I could do what he does during a game as well as he does, except I would be able to say "I have a stanley cup ring"...
&gt; Scale appropriately for your skill level, I wish more people did this instead of asking if "is this WOD dangerous". Even for something like "Randy" where you do 75 Power snatches at 135 for time....can't do a 135 PS? Go to 115/95/75 - whatever you can do. Can't do 75 reps? Do 65, 55 or 45. It's all about doing what you can handle. Eventually you'll be able to lift the Px weight, or Px reps. but trying to lift or rep more than you can and yeah it's fuckin' dangerous. EDIT: Shit. I got my weight mixed up. But my reason is still sound! :D
You're right. I feel shame!! :D
I 100% was getting mixed up! Darnit!
Edelman at 1:06 "Jesus, bro I'm fine - knock it off..."
People in power will do anything to stay in power.
perfect! Thanks!
You should get a perm!
Silicon Valley is the show that Big Bang Theory wishes it could be. A smart and hilarious take on nerd culture, that is a joy to watch.
&gt; Can a minister of health be fat It's a fair question, but it's an incorrect way of thinking. Someone who has been divorced may be in a better position to tell people the pitfalls of marriage, or how they can make their marriage better based on their failings. Your knee jerk reaction may be "Who are they to give marriage advice?" but they're almost the perfect person to. Being overweight doesn't make you less of an expert to be a Health minister, especially when they're primary job is mainly ministry oversight, not direct implementation of diet advice. She know's why she's overweight and it has to do with personal choice. Doesn't make her any less effective or qualified as a cabinet minister.
Gotta be honest - that's a pretty fucking catchy song....
Why do we honor military people during a sporting event anyway? What's the point? We don't stand up before a play and honor veterans. Not belittling anything they do, and I have a ton of respect for most people in the military, but it all seems like a "hero worship" and propaganda....
It's true. She looks kinda sexy in that space suit....[but she was not hot.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/RIAN_archive_612748_Valentina_Tereshkova.jpg)
Tom Colansky's Ghost Recon!
&gt; Canada paid bribes to win this year’s World Cup. Who in their right mind would pay bribes to host the Women's World Cup?? &gt; Canada won the right to host the World Cup in 2011. It was the only bidder. There ya go.
Run for your Life
Being Canadian we have to have our license plate displayed on the front and on the back - otherwise I'd have a plate like your first pic! That's dynamite!
He's from the luckiest place on the planet!!! :D
Why? They had a white guy in Asian makeup, but the Asian actress was in whiteface. It was out of necessity for the story.
It worked with Kadri. He spent years down in the A before he got into the rotation.
That's what I thought - That ump made a horrible horrible call....Gibby helped him save face
*paid ...as a fellow Canadian I feel your pain. Bought a new RAV4 and half of the entertainment/navigation system doesn't work because we're in Canada. Shit doesn't work the same up here and it pisses me off.
I saw that....I was sort of tuned out...saw Healy roll by and thought "WTF? Why was he on he broadcast?" - thank goodness for PVR's so I could see it!
That's alright - his daughter is a fake woman.
[The theme song from True Detective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4zluA60hjs) The Handsome Family - Far From Any Road This song gets stuck in my head every time I even think of it. I hope they use it for season 2!
He's looking for the Super Audio version of the album, not the multi-track version.
It's kinda hard to tell....but it sorta looks like /r/SaraJUnderwood?
Hockey parents - especially those whose kids play in the "top tier leagues" for their age group. Their kids are amazing and brilliant, and will always make sure they tell you how badly they were screwed over when they were short shifted, or not played on the power play. Put a bunch of hockey parents in a room together and you will not talk about anything other than hockey all night....and not in the good NHL kind of talk, but the shitty "my five year old had a great game last night talk"...
I would presume that terminating a contract would involve lots of lawyers, suing and counter-suing until either a new deal is reached or the NHL says "fuck it" and moves it. I doubt that Bettman would want to move the team though. Might mean the Nordiques are back (or more than likely) a new team in the Northwest US?
Holy shit. I absolutely love this version! IMO it's way better than the [official released video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5mFKeL67Dk).
I really enjoyed Season 1 - Season 2 left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Not very funny, a lot of "padding" in the episodes, and I found myself more messing around with my phone while two people talked about nothing important. I can't say I'm interested in Season 3....
[Roadhouse](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098206/) Absolutely ridiculous plot, some bad acting, and terrible writing, but goddamn if it isn't fun as hell. "Pain don't hurt". Love it.
Aren't infographics supposed to be eye catching and easy to read? All I want in a Vita is two trigger buttons instead of the trackpad.
Okay! I'm sufficiently angry. Now what? EDIT: It's a fair question isn't it??
You do realize that wasn't a serious documentary, but a fake documentary, right? It wasn't meant to be thought-provoking because it's a satire - a fake documentary.
That's why I love this sub - every so often a picture will get posted I haven't seen before! Thanks OP!
If this was in Glasgow, you wouldn't want to drink that cup.
I'm not a huge fan of Freebird to be honest but it's funny you mention that one - I was watching Kingsman when I posted this - and it was that solo that made me post it. So good!
"Rough seas ahead, Captain!"
I thought the individual skits/vignettes were pretty funny - I just thought that the story line weaving them together was kinda dumb. Other than that it wasn't bad!
Unfortunately mobile, I don't have Adblock....can't wait for OS 9 so I can install ad blockers...
Love. (Even the Beatles say "It's the word, love"!)
BEDMAS?
Alexander Daigle
His body is rejecting the shitty tattoo.
Jailbroken though. I haven't jail broken my phone since iOS 6
So does this mean when single tickets go on sale, they're going to be more expensive and harder to get good seats?
I thought it was great - even though the backing band was a little lackluster in the balls department.
To be fair this same sex issue is the least of Mexico's worries right now.
[Dat bad note at :54](https://youtu.be/kpTpxbnBWYM?t=52). Funny - you can tell Chuck realizes he was playing the wrong chords briefly!
Fuck these watermarks. Amazing footage and the shitty watermarks ruin a lot of the mystique...
It sucks so bad that we get a hot streak at the same time everyone else does. In a way though, we're lucky we got hot when we did - other wise, we'd be right above Boston, instead of staying right with the pack!
I have a PS4, not an Xbox One, but that's a sweet deal for XB1 owners for sure!
You're under arrest....sugar!
Removed. Anyone got a mirror?
I wish more people understood this. It seems like everyone doesn't understand that they're operating a business illegal. Should the rules/regulations be changed? Maybe, but the rules are in place for a reason, to protect passengers and operators.
Way to start swearing on stage at a family festival, the ignorant piece of shit.
He says "Please stand and observe a *moment's* silence..." not a minute.
Cher was smokin' hot back then!
It's smart in his case. He gets guaranteed face time, gets his name out there, and gives time to "the brand". There's no way he'll ever be president and I think he knows that.
Jesus Christ I wish this whole "Tim and Sid" bullshit would stop. They're like Jay and Dan, only dorky as fuck, homely as shit, and not funny. Their commercials gave me cancer.
I guess they're getting a TV show. They're fine on the radio...but seeing their face everywhere is...disconcerting.
Don't mind them on the radio...but on TV?? *shudders*
Maybe it's just overload...but the commercials are cringe-worthy. The show starts July 1st
Eklund: "the leafs may or may not sign or trade for a player this offseason that will make an immediate or long term impact on the team (e5)" I despise hockeybuzz because of him.
http://imgur.com/a/vQu3P
...because old.
Fucking Buknor - worst ump in baseball for a reason.
She is what Miley Cyrus thinks she looks like naked.
How about shut the fuck up and do your job. I hate this "stop making my job harder" crap. We all have jobs where shit happens that deflates us. Seriously. People aren't expected to pick up their garbage after a movie, its the theatre's job - so if you don't like it, quit. Someone else would do it.
It's horrible now. Season 1 was good - season 2 had terrible writing and even worse acting by a lot of the supporting cast, and after watching the first episode of season 3, its hilariously bad.
"I had fun once...I hated it."
Just an aside, but she is either a giant woman, or Noel is tiny!
Which is why I wish people would just post follow up in threads instead of making a new goddamn post.
It's amazing to think a few hundred years ago, people would think this was God or monsters or something. ...to be fair, there's probably people that still think that today :/
I'll be way too busy playing Arkham Knight to notice!
Jesus - I wish I could still fit into my high school jeans.
I'm with you!! Not watching anything else until tonight when I play it. I watched some of the E3 footage.....just enough to whet my whistle!
I was a really really active kid! I played a ton of hockey - was a goalie - and did a lot of track/running in high school - didn't start gaining weight until I hit about 19/20 when I became more "sedentary" and stopped playing sports! I gained weight *fast* too! It's amazing how "eating more/moving less" contributes to gaining weight.....who woulda thunk it?
As well: In 1968, a photo was mailed to the surviving family; on the back was the message: “Louis Sodder, I love brother, Frankie. Ilil boys A90132 (or 90135)” Detective C.C. Tinsley was hired to investigate the photo and where it came from, but he vanished and was never seen again. "90132" was a postal code for Palermo, Sicily at the time. The Sodders themselves were of Italian descent; the original name was Soddu.
Whenever people ask what I do - I tell them I'm "going to the gym". I don't say I do Crossfit.
Bring back Tom Henke.
Your dad looks like the actor [James Patrick Stewart](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0835722/?ref_=tt_cl_t5)!
Michael Caine is the epitome of [Old School Cool](https://leanne1119323.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/michael-caine-archdezart_6.jpg) IMO
..and now he'll get a chance to put his P in a V!
That I can deal with - it's the Tim and Sid commercials that drive me up the goddamn wall.
So...is it gonna be another origin story? It's been a few years since the last one...
Pretty good - the harmonies are a bit dodgy in a couple spots tuning wise. Not sure what you're using for software, but I'd get an auto-tuner and give it a slight tweak where you are going out.
Pretty sure removing the shoot out would also reduce the amount of games decided by a shoot out. You're right. Comprehension is hard.
Just curious! I have a Mac, and use GarageBand which allows WAY more freedom when recording vocals. This sounds like its being sung through a PC mic using Audacity - but if you can get a little better mic and better software, it'll amaze you how much better it can sound!
Don't update the logo! Man I loved the Noridques old logo! Maybe update the jersey (or a third jersey with a fleur-du-lis?)
Every ten years we'll get an origin story!
&gt; http://www.reddit.com/r/SirPaulMcCartney/ *ahem*
..and then blamed it on her drummer playing the wrong song. Fuck that bitch. Good riddance.
Butterface.
&gt; In case you don't watch SNL, Angele Merkel is the Chancellor of Germany. I would love to get in on this conversation, but unfortunately I don't watch SNL, so I don't know who Angele Merkel is!
That....that's not the point though? You should get paid for your services, regardless if it's $10 or $100,000.
FTA: &gt; ***In case you don't watch SNL***, Angele Merkel is the Chancellor of Germany. Should have put an /s
Are you a mind reader??
Can we please not post any rumors from Hockeybuzz or especially Eklund?
Well, duh? I would expect they'd have firm offers on Kessel and more would come....
Already posted in this sub sport. Sort by new.
They got 13th, 14th and 15th picks now?
Already been posted man
He's so money he doesn't even know how money he is, baby!
It's Lucic. I think that says it all really.
Dude on the right rock in' the Candian Tuxedo!
Because for a while there it was "JESUS don't go to our bullpen..."
That looked intentional....who darts across the road like that and leaps on a car?
That's a nice clam.
Glad you out bass in quotes - he's playing a 6 string tele, and not a bass guitar.
"Alone in Germany" ...hey there's Stu!
What Beatle fan hasn't seen Let It Be?? Get on it!!
You are literally the WORST Beatle fan ever!! :D Honestly though, I do find it amazing Beatle fans who haven't seen it, but the more I think about it, finding a copy of it has been harder and harder to find. You can torrent it, but the quality usually isn't the best. It'd be nice to see a Blu-Ray version released with extra footage of it! Get the younger fans out there a chance to see it!!
Those commercials targeting seniors for the reverse home equity loans are probably not helping...
There is a TON of Reddit hate on that site. They think because there's some hate filled subreddits, that every single reddit user is a woman-hating, misogynist racist.
One of my favorite Blue Rodeo songs...
He still wears short jean shorts even today!
The NHLPA is going to be all over this. They'll fight the shit out of this. Depending on what was in the contract, if it's a loophole, a bunch of teams may try this.
Are you kidding? I've been a Leaf fan since I was little and other than a couple years back in the early/mid nineties, it's been heartbreak after heartbreak. That's what a fan is. I know you're pissed at your team...but suck it up and wear those colors proudly.... ....ya filthy animal!
Lindros could get in solely for the fact that he messed around with a ton of other teammates wives!
Drugs. Has to be drugs. Although there's no word on any arrest, so I'm not sure what it could be. Can't wait to hear!
Yeah the more I've heard about it since this morning, it's something bad...really bad - something that the NHLPA will probably totally agree with and accept. Gotta be drugs?
And he deserved that nomination. Such a great movie and performance!
This is so much cooler than my city's siren - we still have an old school air-raid siren.
[Jay from Inbetweeners](http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/01638/SNF17BIZA--_1638935a.jpg)
&gt; drowned in Beatles covers. Some pretty fucking awful ones too. There was a few good ones, but for the most part I don't care to hear it.
Neither is Ted Cruz. He was born in Canada. He's Canadian.
Well it's sort of touchy with him. He's from Calgary, his Dad is American, and his Mom is Cuban...so I think because his Dad is American, he would automatically be granted citizenship because of that, which would make him American. Regardless, he's "less American" than Obama, and Republicans seem to not mention that.. EDIT: got his parents nationalities mixed up - dad is Cuban mom is American. My point stands though.
&gt; In no way does he identify with being Canadian, and neither with his Cuban heritage. Doesn't matter what he identifies with though, he was born outside the US. Like I said though, having an American parent possibly allows him the right to run for POTUS under the "Natural-born-citizen clause": *"...a person who is entitled to U.S. citizenship "by birth" or "at birth," either by being born "in" the United States and under its jurisdiction, even those born to alien parents; by being born abroad to U.S. citizen-parents"*
Jesus I didn't realize she was that old back then at the height of their career.
Well, Obama was actually born in the United States, Ted Cruz was born in another country. So technically "more American" was a way for me to paint a picture to those saying Obama isn't American because he spent a few years in his childhood in Kenya, but not mentioning that Cruz was actually born outside the US. Again, there's special cases that apply to Ted Cruz to allow him to run for POTUS, because he qualifies as a citizen.
Of course he'd be allowed, as I said earlier. Just saying "birthers" don't seem to have a problem with a candidate of theirs being born in another country outside the US, but Obama runs and he's a "secret Muslim" looking to destroy American from the inside out.
Shit, that's great!!
Ohhhh, he could really boil my potato!
Simple Plan played. They're terrible.
You wonder how many people out there haven't had their break yet because they were walking down the other side of the street.
My 10 year old PC runs Windows 7 slowly. Should we sue Microsoft?
Exactly my point. I didn't have to update. Having new software run slow on old systems is sort of expected. You aren't forced to update to the new iOS. So people saying iOS 9 runs slow on their 4S...well, duh of course it will. It's slower hardware trying to run new software with all sorts of new features.
But if I have app version 1.1 and it works great in iOS8...don't update the app then?
Holy shit these TSN "hockey hotel" segments are terrible. That new blonde chick on with Cabbie is awful. She looks like she got the job because she's pretty.
[This Finnish fan seems a little upset](http://imgur.com/mD6NVuU)
The music they're playing between whistles is fucking horrible.
I agree but I don't think that's Apple's issue if an app gets updated and loses functionality in the old iOS? That's all I'm saying. Basically if you don't update your apps (for a newer iOS) and use the iOS that comes with your phone, you shouldn't have any problems?
Should be May 4th.
He also shot the puck away - could have got 3 penalties. Dumb fuck.
Wondering if maybe the backup goalie might have had that?
I think that sounds like a really good idea - a class action lawsuit though doesn't make sense.
The last line in the doc "the Bills win the super bowl" pretty much moved me to tears...
Rex Ryan's history of making the Jets lose helps us today!!
Or the Jets only suck around Rex Ryan!
Wow.
So you'll be happy if it your PS+ gets extended three days? Fuck that. I'm paying for this service NOT to go down. This is fucked.
The latter. It builds character. You learn nothing about yourself or anyone else by just being "great".
Yes he's been fucking your daddy too.
Not as good a song as Human Nature - I can see why it was left off.
[This is also what soccer was like in the 60's](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1836074/images/o-1966-WORLD-CUP-FINAL-facebook.jpg) :(
Or Season 10!
OMG DAE HIPSTERS!!!111???
[How about a screenshot from the Yellow Submarine Blu-Ray blown up to poster size?](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mb6hclfJJP1qf33mxo1_1280.jpg)
First world NFL problems. Honestly though, I really hope someday our team is as stacked at the Pats are now. It would be nice that every season we're the "team to beat" and are feared to play against. I know last year and even this year, we had shades of greatness, but to come out every game thinking we can win, and be a consistent playoff team would be amazing.
Da fuq?
The Eiffel Tower. Absolutely an amazing structure, and looks beautiful. You go up it and it's "meh".
Bootleg Beatles hands down.
NICE OP!! Still have yet to see Season 9 though - anyone have that?
Ah Rio. Come for the filthy water, stay because they stole your passport.
Which is true, but I guess at that point everyone around him is like "This is George friggin' Lucas - the dude wrote the *best* sci-fi trilogy in movie history, and arguably wrote/directed some of the best films of all time." and they're all excited about him making a new Star Wars trilogy. Of course you're gonna think to yourself "Jar-Jar? Comic relief? I'm not sure about that But this guy must know what he's doing! Who am I to question it?". It probably wasn't until after TPM came out that people thought "this guy has lost his fucking mind."
Oh man, I hope you were being sarcastic, OP. This is hilariously bad! Absolutely, without a doubt, this is one of the worst Beatle covers I've ever heard. It sounds like the singer for Creed playing with Toad the Wet Sprocket. Abysmal. Love the comment: &gt; what can make the beatles any better? A cover by twiddle. Jesus Christ.
/r/shitpost
I actually read your headline in my head as "Welcome back: Julian Edelman has chance to become NFL superstar this postseason - WHHEEEEEEEEE"
Okay...who put the question mark on the teleprompter!!??
Great idea for an app! I'll download it when I get on WiFi...approx. how many videos are there to choose from?
That mullet was pretty big with the glam rockers for sure!
It's great when you're a kid...until you hit around 26. Then you're a bum.
I love Sarah Silverman, but who did her makeup?? Terrible job...
Dennis is getting *really* dark. I absolutely love it.
"No surrrr, no surrrr."
[I knew I'd seen this before!](https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/r8u8u/what_comes_up_if_you_google_image_search_pierre/)
...because people generally are stupid, and there's no accounting for taste.
[it's because this post is...](https://i.imgur.com/jRyHYAb.jpg)
The bottom movie cast/text looks different from the rest of the poster - sharper almost? Like it was put in with MS Paint? Like the poster was blown up to a bigger size, which caused blurriness, and the superimposed text now stands out too much... Anyway - I love the background image of the antlers silhouetted against the red sky...the rest is meh.
He just realized he's a Jets fan!
I wonder if Fox News will pick this story up?
Ca Plaine Pour Moi - such a fun song
That seems very overvalued?
And destroying star killer base seemed awfully easy? Destroying an entire planet should have been harder?
How is that fucking hit no different than the hit we were penalized for earlier in the fucking game???
That sucks so bad. The game was won - you had it. One bad play by one fucking idiot and it's over. Next year lads!
It was a bonehead play that directly cost the game. Such an idiot play.
Hate to be that guy, but you need to go back to school. Simile is a comparison using "like" or "as".
What happened to Scorsese's Sinatra pic?
...and how is this Red Sonja?
I'd be at the brink of war too if my neighbor played K-pop. Such garbage.
Is this a serious post? A post in /r/scifi about "The 5th Element" (not the actual title "The Fifth Element") being underrated?? You know what else is underrated is Blade Runner!
Money makes smart people do stupid things.
Oh man. We just lost Lemmy, and now the Thin White Duke is gone. I'm in shock.
I was too young to experience the full impact of Lennon's death. George Harrison passing away was sort of "expected" because he was sick for so long with cancer. ...but this. This has hit me like a ton of bricks. This is the first death that has really affected me. RIP David. You will be missed.
Yikes...that was uncomfortable and unfunny.
"...for acting."
He was brilliant in The Revenant to be sure - but Eddie Redmayne in The Danish Girl was absolutely brilliant. I have a hard time believing Eddie will lose that award to Leo this year.
Jesus...she was cracking a joke. Fooling around. People need to relax for fuck sakes.
Bills fan here. Fuck. I hope its a Dwight Schrute "Assistant *to* the Head Coach" position....or like Billy Carter was to Jimmy Carter.
[Pretty much anything from Bowie around 1977 is the absolute best](https://flavorwire.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/1399910630_32___1977_foto____masayoshi_sukita__the_david_bowie_archive.jpg).
OMG Isaac Asimov is *SO* underrated! Too bad no one has heard of him!
Totally expected.
If you ask for a half pint in Ireland, do they serve it with a little umbrella and in a pink glass to match your skirt?
His final joke of the night was classic: "From Mel Gibson and myself.....Shalom!"
Really disappointed. Was expecting to actually hear Lennon and Bowie instead of an impersonator.
[A dromedary?](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5b/Domestic_Dromedary_Merzouga.jpg)
[Know Your Meme!](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/wonderwall)
He was also very lean - and with him being so handsome, he was like a mannequin - you could put anything on him and it would suit him!
If rules of three are to be believed....who's going to be three? I'm *really* hoping it's not McCartney :(
[From another thread maybe?](http://i.imgur.com/Zk3xPdM.jpg)
Guys don't give guys fake plastic vaginas at a stag...
Oil hits $16/br and the Canadian economy will collapse. ...and I'll still be paying $1/Litre at the pumps.
That rounded back while he's picking up those stones...yikes!
I was just saying the same thing to a friend. First Lemmy, then Bowie. I really hope that the rule of three doesn't apply and the next one isn't McCartney. That would break my heart. That being said, it's kind of like having an older parent/grandparent that age. You know that they aren't going to be around much longer (who knows though Macca could live to be 100!) so you cherish every moment you have with them.
That kid's parents have money.
It's as artful as a video game as Transformers 2 is as a movie.
Why are you sad about a low loonie?? There's nothing wrong with having a low dollar. It actually helps us in the long run. Now, the low *oil* price, that's troublesome.
"This kids"?
...and nothing of value was lost. I give it another couple years until the next N*Sync/BackStreet Boys/New Kids on the Block/One Direction comes along. EDIT: I'll wear these downvotes as a badge of pride.
Loved the Amy documentary. Don't imagine it will win but I thought it was really really well done.
I wood have thought it was because it was a Michael Bay film?
Awakens my desire to go to the gym.
9/11 was an inside job? NO WAIT. Half-Life 3 confirmed?
Glad this was a long fucking gif and not the actual vid!
Unfortunate it's running before a Michael Bay film.... ...but that's a great trailer!
"Whose mother was the sister of Albert's mother". Couldn't this have been revised and been a little clearer by just saying "he married his first cousin"?
And with the media and scrutiny here...I'm surprised anyone enjoys playing here. Steve Simmons alone would make me not wanna play here.
One of the ugliest guitars ever - but man he could make that thing sing!
"It looks like a shrimp? It's not a very big one at all!"
Are there people that think Scott belongs in the ASG?? That he's an all-star?
Are you playing a song via Bluetooth or directly from your iOS device?
I totally agree. It's fucking stupid.
Weight was too heavy - didn't bail out correctly.
Oh man, fighting the same aliens over and over again, with slightly higher levels, is so amazing. Love it!
Does anyone else enjoy breathing?
Why? Reimer's GAA is 5th in the NHL?
BWAHAHAHAHA Wow. Nothing is going right for Seattle.
The hands are always a dead giveaway!
There's always one person in a group everyone doesn't like hanging out with. Maybe OP is that one? Shitty.
I was able to access it yesterday - and the day before. So it wasn't "down for a couple days" like anon said. Bullshit post.
I'm wondering if it may be due to how the video was shot? Maybe they didn't shoot on film, but shot/edited on tape? Which would explain the shite quality? I can't see them doing that though...it's The Beatles for crissakes, but that's one possible explanation?
As much as I'm sure it's NOT aliens - god damn this is pretty fucking cool. I SOOOO hope it is!
WHY CANT YOU JUST BE HAPPY FOR DAVID BOWIE 😠
Who should have been chosen over any of the nominated actors? Those are brilliant performances. To me saying that there should be actors nominated because of their skin colour is appalling.
Mutton Flaps is ironically the nickname of an ex-girlfriend of mine.
&gt; Well if your going to fuck up, fuck up good. *you're
Do people still say "not" like Wayne's World at the end of the sentence? [Are you a 50 year old man? Are you Borat?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoethxOp5Kg)
Dude! :D
Holy shit. Is it 2005 again? I bet she's married and has kids by now.
You can delete this post - TSN's twitter was hacked.
She loves hockey players. I think her vagina actually qualifies as a locker room, with the hockey players she's had in there.
[God you can really hear the Lonnie Donegan in John's voice....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TW9KUeMaJRQ)
He drives me crazy with the "peave and luv" thing though. Makes him seem so outdated and cliche.
As a Leafs fan, I will never ever take joy in another team's losing skid or misfortunes. We've had a lot of problems over the years, and it's hypocritical to do so. Unless it's Boston. Fuck the Bruins.
The answer to your questions are all "because it's R Kelly".
Why the long neck?
Dear lord.
This is a better list.
i'm not sure! Something to ponder i guess!
As an aside...I have never used or heard anyone use "prepone" before...I'm amazed and astounded how that is possible.
Bowie as in "bow and arrow"...just how Siri pronounces it back to me... :/ However...I did have a playlist called "80's music" that wouldn't work as well. "Siri, play '80's Music Playlist'" *Sorry I can't find 80's Music* or something like that...
I might have missed the response - this just looks like the same video posted above?
Tom Petty.
Jesus...reddit *really* hates Amy Schumer. Personally I like her a lot.
Barey? You mean the singer Barry White, or his twin brother the retired post office worker Barey White?
Woah woah woah...what the FUCK do you mean "as annoying as Bungelow Bill!?
Even though it sounds more like Tom Petty?
I saw it in theatre in 3D - the first real modern 3D blockbuster. I loved it - I felt immersed in the film Then it came out on DVD and I watched it in 2D. It's a giant steaming pile of shit, and the weakness/ridiculousness of the story shines through.
If they were screening this movie in my backyard, i'd use the front door.
I wanted to like man from UNCLE but turned it off half way through. Didn't like it at all. That being said - I like the idea of a Bond movie set in the 60's!
I didn't realize exactly how much of a cunt Ballard was. I knew he was an asshole...but Jesus...he was awful.
....or Neil Patrick Harris? He's doing okay after coming out.
Pink? Check. It must be outun!
I'd want Sarah Palin's brain because it hasn't been used yet. Be nice to know what a non-worked in brain feels like.
I'd never heard of it! For sure I'll look it up though! :)
That doesn't look like rope?
I'd heard that. It's distressing to see :(
&gt; Especially if someone were to photoshop a giant dick coming out of Goodell's forehead. That would be redundant!
Yeah I'd take the beating too.
Dodgy in terms of it turning into a propaganda film instead of a more realistic portrayal.
I think it's funny that Obama was born in the US and the GOP went nuts saying he wasn't a real citizen - yet Cruz was actually born in another country.
To be fair, that was one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen in my life. It made little or no sense, and her handlers should be fired for not saying "that's a piss poor idea".
Shady info? Or Shaddy info
Maybe it's doing you a favor for downloading Evolve!
Blame Canon as well - he's looking like hot garbage out there. Can't protect his QB
Well that missed PAT sure did fuck us.
That missed PAT fucked us. If we'd hit that, the game was tied and we were going to OT. Shit.
Our O Line was terrible...Brady took way too many hits. ...but to be fair that missed PAT killed us. We scored a TD with hardly any time left. We would have sent it to OT. Yes a lot went wrong tonight - but you can draw a line between missing that one point and us losing by one point.
"Hap hap! I am the Easter Banny" Loved these commercials growing up!
1. Eat less (low calorie based on current height/weight) 2. Move more (At least 45 minutes a day) 3. There is no number 3.
Meth. It destroys teeth.
/r/beatlescovers
Why they ever went to something other than these is beyond me. Sick jersey.
Did the guy with the bat actually parry that stick!?
&gt; helped craft the Beatles' sound "Helped to enhance" or even "refine". The Beatles only had one person to help craft their sound and that was George Martin (and two if you possibly include Geoff Emerick - as an engineer he would have an idea about "how things should sound").
[I agree. I wouldn't use this as a wallpaper.](http://cdn.meme.am/instances/60811810.jpg)
That and I have a subscription to Netflix already...I can't afford paying another monthly fee for ANOTHER service... EDIT: I guess paying for another monthly service is just fine!
How am the British be seen?
Yeah but LEAFS SUCK AMIRITE?
it's not 1,000 lashes with a piece of yarn, dude.
They were a great band right up until D'Arcy and James Iha left. After that it became a Billy Corgan solo project and you could tell - Zwan was absolute dog shite....the "reformed" Pumkins were junk - even if it had Jimmy Chamberlain on drums.
You'd think someone who makes enough money and has enough time to eat right and work out would be able to eat right and work out.
That's what it says on the poster.
You're not "wrong". It's subjective. Some people think this season hasn't been as brilliant as the rest. I enjoyed it. I'm not gonna begrudge people for having an opinion though.
&gt; The song *"Taking a Trip to Carolina"* was written by Ringo....**it was featured on "Let it Be" which was released in 1970..."** The fuck?? Someone's data is slightly skewed...
CJ Anderson: "Mad respect for Tom Brady." Von Miller: "I tried to teabag him"
Iconic? I'm not sure about that. A founding member of a very popular band? That's more like it.
And rightly so.
I hate burpees. My burpees probably look exactly like this.
So....hockey?
Would you say you....cooled your jets?
Fine art university students with rich parents.
I wouldn't call The Leftovers "killing it" by any serious stretch. It's not bad but it's not that great either.
Holy fuck....can we just start the fucking game already? I don't give a shit about hearing more of this dudes music...
Holy shit someone wake these kids up and tell them to sing louder. They sound like they're talking in their sleep.
*gut
Boy the lack of charisma from Vince and Amy is incredible! Such excitement!
Amy Grant - country music singer/songwriter - wife of Vince Gill
Oh man, I had no idea that Denna Laing (sp?) was paralyzed?? I saw her crash into the boards, and get taken off but didn't hear anything else about it. Oh wow. That's horrible.
"There's a breakaway!" *switches camera angles to see the goalie leaving the net and missing the breakaway shot* Get your shit together CBC - between the horrible announcing, Glenn Healey ear-fucking us - this is brutal.
CONGRATS SCOTT!! Suck it NHL
I had a problem similar to this, and what worked for me was multiple folders: For example: "*Show Name*" - "Season 1" - S01E01.mkv, S01E02.mkv.....etc - then I updated my library Once I did that, all of my media was recognized.
Yep and it's not gonna get less "triggery" when I try and buy tickets Friday morning 😕
Personally I don't have a problem with ads on jerseys as long as it isn't obtrusive or take away from the overall esthetic of the jersey. Certainly anything that looks like some of the horrible monstrosities in the European leagues I would be against. I may be in the minority though! That being said, how about the NHL focus on a better TV deal in the US before they tackle this issue??
Oh we sure do....they rarely ever ever get enforced
It's like Big Bang Theory, if Big Bang Theory was funny, well-written, smart, and well-acted.
Love to hear more about Peter Brown's life.
That looks so fucking brilliant. Love the crest. Such a classic looking jersey1
If I haven't been hacked (yet?) what should I do? Change my password? Will that even matter?
Unfortunately you can...but it'll mean either getting scalpers, or not seeing the concerts you want.
&gt; but you'll end up buying from someone who used them to begin with. Which usually means scalpers, which means we're supporting the people who just fucked us out of tickets this morning!
&gt; The Hip are actively participating in price gouging their fans. Personally I'm not going to blame the Hip for this. They found out in December this was their last tour, had to scramble and organize a summer tour quickly (which can be a *massive* pain in the ass), and to make it easy to sell tickets they chose to have Ticketmaseter sell them. They could have tried doing it themselves online, but that's a whole other kettle of fish, and I doubt they could have the logistics in place by then. I put the blame squarely on Ticketmaster and the scalpers. If you're able to purchase more than 4 tickets from a single account, you shouldn't be able to. Ticketmaster should do the right thing and cancel any resale tickets being sold online.
&gt; lol I know...it's impossible for them to do. It's just shitty that we all try and get tix and get fucked out of the opportunity.
Subprime auto leasing is not the same as sub prime mortgage lending.
Wow That brunette is ugly...but a smoking body.
I remember visiting my friend in LA and I said "I think I'm going to go down to Grauman's Chinese Theatre and see the walk of fame. He told me what a piece of shit area that is, but I didn't believe him because of what I've seen on TV and movies. I cannot believe how fast that street goes from glamour to "bumtown"
FYI - chances are if you're not drinking rain water, it's not 100% healthy for you. EDIT: Even then....you're taking your chances!
When Jon Stewart left the Daily Show I was sad because there was no other show that could fill the void. John Oliver has been filling that void. Even though it's once a week, it's great.
I'm pretty sure if Jose Bautista had a gay brother, he would look like this.
Where's JFJ when we need him!!??
Holy shit - the celebrities in the room! Noel and Weller front and center! :D
Paul from accounts seems to be under the mistaken impression people like him. He sounds like he'd be a real fucking loser to talk to.
I thought the Blair Witch was the most successful independent film ever?
Man, Bo has really been doing a good job of pushing his new special lately!
"Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana." - Groucho Marx
To be fair, that was probably some of the cleaner water in India.
[How about a quicker loading version?](https://gfycat.com/RichActiveJay)
Huh? Who the hell said he wasn't good enough?? Oh, right....the shitty fucking Steve Simmon's of the world that wouldn't know hockey if it bit them in the ass.
AHDN is a tight, funny, well-written (and surprisingly well acted) film. It's a classic film period - not just a novelty Beatle film. Help is fun - but it sort of meanders a lot of the time...and the musical vignettes are completely random....whereas in AHDN it sort of "made sense" (In a weird sort of way).
I can't wait to play this game because I loved W_D so much. ....but this is terrible box art....and that "trailer" they showed really didn't leave me feeling great. EDIT: Downvoted?
lol no.
Gross.
This isn't good.
See ya!
It's sad that there's so many Brock Turners who rape women, and get away with it because the women are too afraid to report it - or don't get caught in the act like this shitbag. That he didn't get beaten to a bloody pulp still astounds me.
Can you try it again? See if it works now? I'm an idiot and had it set to private
[Jesus Beyonce looks horrible in that picture...she looks sick?](http://cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/65993/38e4c14f.jpg)
&gt; This video contains content from UMG, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
&gt; There is no existing scientific theory for the behavior of matter at these energies It's amazing when you realize there are states of matter where we just throw our hands up and say "shit we have no idea what happens"
FTA: &gt; a world of sulfur, acids, magnesium, iron and chlorine compounds, all of which are sunbaked and wrapped in a carbon-dioxide-rich atmosphere. So yeah CO2 doesn't smell....but I'm pretty sure the rest of the shit everywhere does have an odour, and permeates through the air.
Stupid question - but [this is the mercury spacecraft] (http://i.imgur.com/bWGHqIo.jpg) is it not? EDIT: Turns out it *was* stupid - it's the Gemini!
&gt; Catherine Bell [*SWOOON*](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-lew-oU61oj0/TXSqiC0tyCI/AAAAAAAABa4/18QWVWHVhOM/s1600/Catherine%20Bell%202.jpg)
Yeah, that's kinda why I asked...I was thinking the same thing that maybe it was Gemini, but compared to the two kids running beside it, it seemed a little small?? Unless it *was* hella small?? If that was a Gemini, was Mercury tiny?? EDIT: You're right - it's Gemini. I cannot believe how tiny that was for two people!!!
Holy crap that was small for two people. Someone else pointed out that Mercury is pic #6.....As someone who's mildly claustrophobic....that gives me pause!
OH. MY. GOD. AMAZING NEWS!!
Are they going to start showing this game off every year, or will they actually release it?
Oh, that is so hot.
There is air on Mars. It's not very breathable, but there's air.
Jesus - don't tell /r/rconspiracy about this!
Can someone please answer how many dies it takes? Me am scared!
Hey! I have two tickets for the Quarter-Final at Stade de France, and need to sell them as I'm not going to be able to travel abroad to watch the game now. Stupid job. That being said - Stubhub says I need to send them the tickets when I list them? It doesn't feel right that I send the tickets to some address in Germany before they're sold? Anyone have any experience with this?
I thought All For One lyrically was awful although the music was alright. This is the real deal, and classic Stone Roses. Can't wait for the new album. Has a very Breaking into Heaven vibe to it!
Dear god 😳
Not as terrifying as how it probably looks to a partner.
What is the size of it?
So, you get a job - and you're making a bonus of $25,000 a year for life. I fail to see a problem with getting free money every year?
I wouldn't get this cut....it's a very 90's haircut IMHO, and not stylish. Just my opinion!
Busta Waistbands!
CNN just reported it as breaking news now at 4:43am....saying stay tuned for more info - then went to a Euro 2016 story. I think they're probably trying to get news crews there?
That's true, but I have a hard time believing I wouldn't do the same thing in his situation. If I could write a shitty script in 48 hours, spend a few weeks shooting that shitty script with some friends, putting that shitty movie out into theaters and make a shitload of money doing it - I think I'd have a hard time saying "oh I shouldn't do this because integrity".... I mean it's easy money. I don't like that he does it but I can't blame him. For that kind of money he makes of his terrible Madea movies, that's hard to say no to!
Orlando Fire reporting "40+2" patients transported to hospital. 5:01am
Multiple witnesses reported two shooters. Now police are saying "the shooter inside the club is dead" so is there another shooter off site? Already in hospital? Where is the location of the second shooter? EDIT: I understand that sometimes in a high stress situation like this, people can think they saw something they didn't, but I'd have a feeling that I'd remember if I saw two people with guns opening fire in a club? EDIT 2: CNN reporting police are looking for a second shooter....and only the shooter "in the building" is dead. EDIT 3: police just said there was an officer working at the club when the shooting happened - probably plainclothes And he engaged the shooter when the gunfire started - so that is probably where the reports of a "second shooter" was reported.
I didn't see it on Twitter and Reddit - I'm watching CNN.
Unfortunately while it has the esthetic correct, there's nothing exciting or interesting in the photo, unlike the other oasis covers. Good job though!
It wasn't just "a mass shooting in the US" - it was THE mass shooting in the US. Worst mass shooting in US history. ....and there's practically zero coverage on Reddit. There was a live mega thread that was up while it was still happening but I don't see anything else.
I'm pretty sure that's what I said in my comment?
That works - and most Toronto hockey fans say the same thing1
[oh, you mean the post in the /r/askreddit sub?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4nqnrm/breaking_news_orlando_nightclub_massshooting/) *smh*
Three things that make him great to me were his voice (easily one of the best voices in rock). He could sing anything from a raucous "Helter Skelter" to a singer-songwritery "Heart of the Country". His bass playing is the most influential of his talents IMO. He was a guitar player who played bass, and it shows in his playing. Super melodic and insane licks. The fact he could even play some of his licks while singing as well is a talent unto itself. His songwriting of course is unchallenged. He could have not written another song past 1966 and still been heralded as one of the greatest, but the staggering amount of hit songs is unparalleled, and he'll be mentioned hundreds of years from now along the likes of Mozart and Beethoven.
Praise be.
I'd like to see a new Apple Watch - I've heard about the rumor of a new watchOS (which really makes sense) but it would make more sense to have new hardware for it. I think an Apple Watch 2 (or Apple Watch S?) would make me buy one. EDIT: downvoted for saying i'd like a new Apple Watch 2. Got it.
&gt; Edit: definitely a septic tank. 100% the best edit I've ever seen.
I can't wait to see how that kid turns out. If she's this goddamn irresponsible with her own body, I imagine she won't give a shit about her child's.
Yep! This fuckin' works.
&gt; You haven’t publicly shamed yourself I guess the closest he came would be his arrest in Japan for marijuana possession?
OP - fantastic find. Great to see an interview with - like the interviewer said was really "just a conversation" and dragging up the same old same old.
Stupid question - but is this *only* a VR game, or is it a regular game as well? That being said, after E3 I may be buying a VR when time comes!
[Looks a lot like a young Mikhail Baryshnikov](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/cb/97/26/cb9726d1a5558abf469a1b498a3b352a.jpg)
I know they showed a demo at E3 of RE:7 in VR, which is why I asked, but it would be nice if it was also a standalone regular title as well (which I'm sure it will be!) because I don't think the VR will be flying off the shevles, for the exact reason you mentioned!
It's the price of a console itself - hopefully the $$$ comes down a bit 😕
You'd hear the conspiracy sub go NUTS and say "I told you so" and everyone who doubted them would immediately question other theories. Like "man, what else was I wrong about?"
Speaking as an adult - you're right it's the cheapest iteration of VR - but it's still friggin' expensive.
She is 90....in surprised she has any facial expressions other than total boredom.
[Jesus Christ! Thank you for the name!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfw/search?q=Julia+Yaroshenko&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all)
Oh shit!! I was wondering what the deal was because it now says "Photo of Tyrrell". That is horrifying and sad.
Personally, I love this. GENOCIDE!
Please be slow as in "he wasn't working fast enough", and not "he was disabled". *reads article* Oh, thank God. Still, fuck these cunts.
&gt; Carbs give you energy. You're an athlete. Eat like one. As someone who is on the "chunky" side of things (6' 215lbs), and who needs to slim down, I've been limiting my carb intake and really focusing on high protein!
&gt; I'm curious about how many Leaf fans actually hated Kessel. It was mostly the filthy casuals. The "HNIC" Leafs fans that watch one game a week on Saturday night, and even then may tune out for most of it and not really watch it. True Leaf fans that followed the team, that had eyes in their head, or any sort of hockey sense, didn't hate him at all.
Can we get this bot removed already?
ITT: "Movie quote" *funny reply*
I was speaking to someone who said "that team has had a lot of chances in the first half"....and I thought wouldn't it have been more correct to say "that team had a lot of chances..." Instead? It's simpler to say and makes as much, if not more, sense?
Can...we stop talking about our boners for a second?
&gt; unbroadcasted Jesus Christ...
Gotta be honest....I have zero interest in most of these.
I did say in my original post "most" not "all". Don't know why people think I said "these games all suck and I don't like video games"
We good!
Holy fuck. That's actually....a really good pop song. Well down Rick!
Such a great episode. It felt like it was 15 minutes long!!! Easily my second favorite episode since Red Wedding
Strombo wasn't the problem at all. That being said, Ron should have never been replaced in the first place.
May be too soon to think about this - but what were there going to be more Star Trek movies after the current that is about to be released?
&gt; Is Chinese littering a stereotype in Canada? Canadian here. If it is, I've never heard of it. &gt; Are Canadians so anti littering that they will negatively associate a group of people with doing it? The only group of people we hate against for littering are "litterers", but as for some sort of "racist" thing against littering, I've never in my whole life heard of that.
I drink Wiser's, personally? I don't know if it's the Irish in my blood, but I get hella angry when I drink Jameson's :(
Those breasts. Those beautiful breasts.
ohhhhh I fucking *LOVE* these guys. Top quality Mods!
I've heard that the south - especially Arizona and Texas are sort of hotbeds for UFOs?
Jesus Christ you forget just hole old Paul is, but you hear young Paul talk and then a second later there's a clip of Paul talking now....yikes!! Makes me sad 😞
Artists (regardless of how rich they are) need to be paid for what they own and create. The multi-millionaires, the ones with money, are taking up the fight for everyone, including the little guys. I think it's a valid argument.
Twist: His daughter is 27. :D
Oh man, I love Olive Garden! I would have gone with you - the neverending breadsticks alone are worth the outing!
I didn't know how was a stand up comic. All this time I knew him as one of the guys on The League.
The scary part? He actually thinks he looks good. He likes this.
The second season could have been brilliant. It would have been another HBO great. Uncharacteristic misstep by HBO in my opinion.
Thanks Will. We knew that when it was released.
[I believe it's from Doom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BFG_\(weapon\)#Doom)
Does this place actually exist, or is the Daily Fail make up news?
I don't believe those magazines counted official national album sales - which is why it's not counted as #1.
OP doesn't remember the Quebec referendum. That was some pins and needles type shit. Shit could have gone REALLY "not boring" quick.
Anyone have vid of the pick?? Figures I turn it on a second too late...
Holy fuck.....that I had to scroll this far down to find this as opposed to stupid jokes...thank you!
I'm on mobile and your link takes me to the top of this post...but I don't see a video link for him being picked.
Did James Bond drive one of these in Moonraker...or a movie around that time?
You browse Reddit on a Mobile app called Pics HD?
Seeing a funny/strange video or gif and scrolling past the hundreds of shitty joke posts until you get the real story.
Under rated, as it poorly rated - or under appreciated?
It's not the greatest of all time but it's easily top 5!
I've only seen two on this list - we are what we are &amp; honeymoon - but if the rest of the list are as good as those in going to try and watch them all!
Wales/Belgium on Friday! Go Wales!!!
TODAY IS A GOOD DAY!!
Twist: OP owns a donkey.
More MacLean + Amber - Glenn Healey = a better broadcast.
Dieting is temporary. Eventually it turns into a lifestyle - whether eating junk food is your diet, or eating really good stuff. You learn and get used to eating how you want. It may take a few weeks to change eating habits, but you'll do it!
Now I don't have to watch Leafs games with the sounds turned down and listen to the radio feed.
The fans were doing this all through the match and it was chilling. Good luck in the quarters Iceland!
/thread
That Facebook is leaking.
"Welcome to /r/WTF.Some people really hate their penises."
Is that the one with Joey from Friends and the annoying ginge?
Fucking beautiful.
[already posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/4qf2fw/james_cameron_says_he_wasnt_impressed_by_star/)
You've never heard the Love album - it's really worth it. You need to get it.
Getting a work Visa to get into the US is a *lot* tougher than anyone realizes. Going to the US with the possibility of making money doesn't sit well with customs *at all*. The paperwork alone is a nightmare.
It's golden! A sort of "remix album" and soundtrack for the Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas (which is a *MUST* to see for any Beatle fan!)
It's a broken link: {"success":false,"error":404,"message":"Not Found"}
Honest opinion - I haven't watched it - what's the consensus on this show?
A lot of people who are closeted or have homosexual desires are afraid to come out and are jealous about those who can walk around being proud of who they are. So they lash out instead as a way to hide.
Wake up.....go get the paper....have something to eat....go to the pub.....go to bed.... Rinse and repeat I would imagine!
That this is some strange "new" plan for a police department is pretty fucking awful. Shouldn't this just be the way things are normally? Don't kill people? Serve and protect?
From the trailer, it looks like it's similar in premise to Denzel's movie "Flight" where a pilot of a passenger jet saves the lives of everyone on board through heroism, only to be investigated whether it was their fault. In Flight, it was "you were drunk you may have caused it", in Sully it's "you could have made it back the one engine was fine"....
What in the sweet blue fuck is going on in Edmonton right now...
