to be fair, i'm 26 and i'd do exactly the same thing
don't just rush head on into battle, hang near the back of the group and get an idea of how the game plays on the first match, second match unleash hell and rek everyone
Try soldier 76, he's a more generic run and gun character, but he also has healing abilities so he can be a great support. When you play as a support character like that you'll be watching what the rest of the team is doing to work out who needs healing/where your fire power will be useful and that will help you to work out the best ways of playing as more complicated characters. When you're on the attack side and the defense are all waiting outside your spawn when the start timer hits about 1 second drop your heal pool just outside the spawn door, this can help offset a bit of damage and make sure your team don't get raped in the opening seconds of the game. Also once you gain control of a hill, drop the heal pool in the middle of it when the enemies push to recapture, this can help people survive a little longer. When your team is pushing the car forwards drop a heal pool ontop of the car, that gives you a moving heal station while its active
The game looks good. Call of Duty is absolutely crippled by nostalgia to the point where no cod will ever live up to the first one you fully hit the grind on with your mates. The game has changed and improved and experimented every year, some things have hit some have missed but nearly every COD has been good fun and im sure this one will be too. I'll definitely be playing it like i do every year and also alongside overwatch and CSGO.
inb4 he falls off the map
When I switched from the Xbox One to the PS4 I really missed my astro mixamp M80, it was awesome! really wish they'd made it for the ps4 as well
but if you got gold after every match, a lot of people would have unlocked everything the game has on offer, there are already people that are level 100
so nerf the easiest champions to kill
make sure that your TV is not set to overscan, if overscan is on thats probably whats causing the issue
it will probably be in one of the picture menu's just keep looking. overscan over compensates with image size and it usually ends up too big for the screen, had that problem with my google chromecast
you can select to show the killfeed in the options menu, for some reason its not on as standard
Cal of Duty is absolutely crippled by the nostalgia factor. People always fondly remember the first cod game they grinded on with their mates and no matter how broken it was nothing can ever live up to it. Like go back and have a go on MW2 now, I wasn't mega keen on it when it was new but playing it now its absolutely awful.
I didn't think it was possible until I saw that the multiplayer reveal for Infinite Warfare won't be until September, this game desperately needs a beta to convince people that things will be ok and it looks like that may not happen
Of course you should wait, we've no idea what it'll actually be like yet we've just had speculations, and even if you still just want the normal PS4 waiting for a lil while after E3 would be smart as we'll probably get a price drop depending on the neo release date
Also if you're on the xbox vs ps4 dilemma, its even more important to wait, the Xbox One, as much as I love it and it was the first of the current gen machines that I bought, just simply isn't as good as the PS4, with or without exclusives
Nothing says classic boots on the ground action like flying blimps and planes, fucking infinite warfare
Kind of annoying that Blizzard doesn't sync stats between versions, I'd happily go and buy the PC version if my PS4 stats transferred over
Actually yeah I forgot about the Ult, that should at least be nerfed so that only she has it, and once you've killed a person when they respawn they don't glow red
then they all go on a company retreat *con air themetune starts*
Exactly why I got it on PS4, the second I saw how the game plays I knew the pc community would be toxic as fuck
Activision threatened to behead Vondy because people where having fun earning cryptokeys rather than buying them so now they're taking them away.
One is for gaming, one is for typing out moany arguments about how the PC is better :P
Would 100% ditch it if It had ads
No but they get all the DLC and stuff a month earlier than ps4
See I put lift, but then I thought americans might read it so I put elevator to avoid confusion haha.
It really gets me down to see how bad this game is being handled by the devs and Activision, like even if people aren't into the jetpack thing AW and BO3 were good games in their own right and IW is just a big step backwards. I really hope Infinity Ward get dropped from the rotation now. Treyarch listen to the community and try to push the series forwards with good maps, league play, cod caster, theatre mode, LAN lobbies etc. We haven't seen enough of Sledgehammer yet with them only having AW out but I feel like they're good developers. They were the first out of the gate with the jetpack thing, uplink is a great gamemode and they fully committed to the jetpack idea with their map design and it was good fun.
Damn that bodys so good its making me emotional
For me, Ingress is good because I get to explore parts of the city that i'd never go to while i'm doing missions, I love the missions and because they're planned out by real people they're generally fun and make a good day out. Playing the 'normal' way just taking portals and making patterns is hella boring simply because the gear takes a ridiculous amount of time to farm, and you can never store enough to do a proper job unless you have multiple accounts to store stuff.
I feel like they told scump he was captain just to make him stfu. Crimsix is obviously the smarter player and is a lot more mature. Every year we get a new COD and every year pros just rag on it, especially optic. Like hitch the irrelevant bitch just shits on every cod that isnt mw2 constantly. What these kids need to realise is that a lot of their viewers are young teens who will parrot whatever they say in videos. And if they constantly shit talk the games then the devs will just stop listening to them. Seems like theres a reason that opTic didnt get invited to talk to the devs when clayster etc did. Dont get me wrong IW is awful. But Activision are all about money. And as it stands youtubers and pros are chipping away at their profits by trying to drive people away from the game.
I've been watching OG since the old sniper days and as an org ive always followed and supported them and i really respect Hector for how he handles things. But, the way the COD team now presents themselves is embarressing. Im a lot older than Scump so when I see the way he acts it just looks like some spoilt little kid with nothing useful to say. Hitch is also an Optic employee, he represents the company. And if he just constantly shit talks all the CoD games it doesn't look good at all. COD is a game thats carried by normal players, not Competetive. So Activision don't really need to support it as an esport but they do. If pros, with millions of followers just downtalk and damage their brand then there will be a point where activision just say bollocks and stop doing the comps. They currently run them like an advertisement for the game rather than an esport. If that avenue starts losing them money they will find a new one and ditch competetive. Look at the CSGO team. Theyre a great example of how to be an esports team. They work together, seem to keep a professional front, put in the practice and start to get results.
if you're using an elgato hd60 you have to buy one of their chat splitter things as a wrokaround because the PS4 can't give sound from both natively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJAzQCGMZL0&amp;t=20s
Being on job seekers and going to the job centre is one of the most depressing and dehumanising things i've ever gone through. Can't imagine how bad it must be if on top of that you have health problems and no one believes you're ill :(
can't get into anything on moogle, even had a full party finder party and we were stuck
having a coach just gives them someone else to blame when they perform bad. It won't help their trash egos at all.
I burn loads of calories playing ranked overwatch haha. The stress is great for my figure
scump is a millionaire whos entire career is gaming gaming, if bad internet is his only issue it could have been sorted instantly. From past visions and interviews it seems like he's just a super immature team member, I honestly think they made him captain just to shut him up.
Dont worry, mercy players just follow the phara or other healer and ignore everyone else anyway.
Wouldn't suprise me if Hitch and Create get dropped, their stuff is good but its definitely not professional standard. Now they're more corporate they will bring in grown ups to do the work. Plus the COD guys basiccally refuse to be in any content so everything they make is forced af
Also wouldn't surprise me if Hitch fully bitched out and left because he didn't get a lead role and now has to answer to a boss.
Yup, 10000% true. Switch and PC for me now and my PS4 is gathering dust.
Exactly, trust me i've worked in professional video production for years now and if you put him on an actual set he would have less knowledge than a runner, seems like he's got zero technical knowledge he just knows how to pump out late, fairly average quality Youtube videos.
He's decided to live his life as 2017 Maniac
When I played DPS I always got matched with good tank and healer mains, now that I tank/heal I get matched with pure bottom of the barrel cancer.
The level of toxic dps in gold tier is actually worse than low silver/bronze its insane
Same, Sitting through that stupid news thing every time I turn the game on is just painful
They've got to be visible or people who come here illegally will think that immigration enforcement is just an empty threat.
been there loads of times, ratio of men to women is 20 men to every 1 woman lol but its a spa not a swingers club, your chances of pulling there are slim unless you go as a couple. its clean and well run and if you're going to just to be naked and chill you'll have a good time, avoid friday/saturday night cause thats when all the drunk people go and don't stalk the ladies round
looks really cool, kind of worried that all the extra animation will mean more lag though
eU proved that Rise could choke to burgers, they aren't unbeatable, if OpTic continue on their hot streak they shouldn't have a problem beating them
I really think Dota needs its own mini series, its a complicated niche game so i think the story needs to be filled out more.
caught all the community day ones easily, but omanyte is my first normal event shiny and i've been GRINDING this event to the max, same with the wailmer one, absolutely hardcored it but still didnt get a shiny one
99% of the people you see roasting cod in the comment sections either haven't played the game since MW2 or they're battlefield fans roasting it because they're fucking weirdos
Unless you're playing as a premade team your win loss ratio isnt something to really worry about. You can't control who you're with and your team mates might be no thumb idiots
i love the demos, but the timed demos are stupid. Glad I had a chance to play the arms one cause it helped me decide to not buy it.
No one in my area except a couple of people with cars really raids anymore, it's just too much work to get the people together, it can take up to an hour per raid and its just not worth it. Also collecting potions takes WAYYYYYYY too long, it's absolutely ridiculous.
Nah. Reddit moaners are the minority. Most people have a good experience
things like tyranatar, jolteon, gyarados, dragonite, golum, machamp aggaron are all useful. I think its better to have a solid bag full of pretty good pokemon rather than just a few really good ones, the battle system really isn't as deep as people try to say it is.
Personally i'd hit holland park, loads of stops and spawn points, it was always the go to place in the old days, then if you're making a day of it you can do a decent walk from holland park &gt; Kensington Gardens &gt; Hyde Park &gt; Green Park &gt; St James park (they're pretty much in a straight line if you have a quick look on google maps, get off the tube at high street kensington for holland park) and then work your way through trafalgar square/soho or wherever you fancy
Meh, if there was another vote i'd switch over to leave simply because you can't just keep voting until you get the answer you want.
I was one of the first through the door to vote remain, but I come from brexit capital Stoke-On-Trent and round here the attitude towards the vote has only swung further towards leave. One of the reasons for that is because of how London focused the UK is, and they just don't care about a lot of the business problems brexit may cause because London is so far removed from the rest of the UK that it may as well be in a completely different country.
I love pokemon, I love walking, and the game has consistently got better since release. as an OG 90s gen 1 player going out and actually collecting pokemon is like a dream come true. I've been to areas of cities that i would never have visited and met tonnes of people along the way. A lot of the people who quit did so for toxic reasons so i don't miss them, they were banned for spoofing, refused to play with no map, hated the gym rework because they couldn't lock off all the local gyms with 10 blissys harvesting coins, refused to spend money on ingame items so as soon as others stopped luring places up for them they stopped playing etc.
we had a good turn out today for raids, but on most days its getting to the point where just 3 people with 2 accounts each turn up to bash stuff, a special small group level reduction would probably be good
Transfer all the old ingress portals over to PoGo, I play both games and in a lot of rural areas just activating existing portals would fix a lot of players issues. I've put a lot of work into submitting portals and in my town i've officially run out of stuff to submit, everything thats left is already a pre-pokemon go ingress portal. Also, make the weekly legendary tasks player by player like mew rather than server-wide. Players returning now will have a lot of unfillable gaps in their dex meaning less reason to return.
you get your pass, turn up in time for hatch, we usually split up into team groups, biggest colour group goes in solo, smaller colours go in together if there isn't enough for each team to solo.
literally the only reason people still raid in my area is because of shiny hooh, if it was just latios/latias still no one would have raided for weeks.
You can get an ingress account to level 8 within a day if you have higher levels feeding you gear and enough time, get a group together and share ingress levelling duties until you can submit your own stuff.
also, you may open ingress and find there are already portals active, you can click on it, screen shot it and then get your whole group to submit to niantic and ask for a transfer
Formal just has a bad vibe that brings himself and his team down. The second he starts to do bad during a game his mood switches and then its a one way trip to tilted towers.
Really loved AW, I loved BO3 too but it was so damn sweaty, was fully dehydrated after one domination match.
Im just showing how little effort it takes once you hit 8 its clear sailing to 10
I know. Me and the other ingressers have already power levelled a few people. All it takes is a little effort, not hard at all
in 99% of games, except pc exclusives like CSGO, kb+m is no better than controller unless you're a no thumb retard. the main issue with cross play vs pc is that the pc gaming community is insanely toxic which we really don't want. They're also the first to start using hacks, mods, aimbots etc.
Im a pc player for everything except cod so i know first hand lol
been waiting for a console pokemon game since playing the originals on the super gameboy snes attachment. Now we're getting a remake of Yellow (my favourite game) AND a fully new game!! Life is good!
a beacon system like ingress has would be cool for meet ups/community days. But honestly people don't really bother using them because you have to pay for them.
unless you're a tradesman/taxi driver etc who rely on a car to transport tools or passengers, or you're disabled, there's literally no valid reason at all to have a car in London.
yeah that could work, but i dont think niantic will stick them in for free. What i'd really like to see is an item that gives you increased items from spins for 30 mins
meh, i've lived right out on the edge of London for years, had a car for work, changed jobs so i didnt need to carry tools and just realised that the bus and train service is so good that going in a car is actually less convenient
communting into london from outside is just not worth it whether you drive or use trains, complete waste of time and life
i've met born and bred londoners who've never been to central London before. I've also met Londoners who've never been to anywhere outside the m25 and just go on holidays abroad lol - thats a majority of londoners i met too so cant see it being much of an issue lol
Was really enjoying just catching the normal selection of pokemon today, kinda wish the events were spaced out
parks will never be better because they dont have as many spawn points
there have been more ghost nests around, best bet is to go out quick before the next event starts, duskull is a 1star raid boss
black ops remastered sign behind him..
SO HYPED!!! Summit, jungle and firing range are 3 of my favourite ever maps!
OpTic should definitely partner up with Linus Tech Tips to kit the house out with NAS storage and stuff
dude its a game just ignore him lol. if he's black listed he cant actually do anything to ruin the game
Yeah cause catching nothing but useless aron for a week is much better lol
KITTY
hope he wins i'll be wow ermmmmm mindblown!
caught all 3 of my mewtwos with nanabs, when the pokemon jumps around and attacks alot, nanab &gt; golden razz every time
man you're deluded lmao
thats the kind of commitment i like to see! good wolf
lmao this. guy needs some fresh air
they're more likely to play BO2 I think cause its slightly futuristic and botg, but realistically they're just going to play fortnite 24/7
L37 completed all 3 gens, and I have shadows for all regionals
i wasn't holding my hope for skate 4, but I was REALLY wanting them to port the original 3 to switch
it will probably be one of their biggest hits, super popular franchise + rts + korea/china/japan = profits.
they might stick it in at the end of the event, it would drag peoples attention away from shiny hunting i guess
Not skate 4 but I actually gasped when I saw a skateboard haha, first time a trailers made me do that in a long time
its not like pre-ordering costs anything, you just register for your copy you can just cancel if you don't want the game
Not suprising, by the way battle royale has played out so far their ideas would probably just get jacked by someone else. and all their unique selling points would be implemented in fortnite by the end of the week lol
RIP
scholar dps comes from all the dots so it can fill dps gaps while people handle mechanics. Scholar/White mage combo was essential all through heavensward.
buffs only make stuff viable if people can play the character lol, asking for a scholar was always a safer bet than taking a nooby astro
Would rather keep that nonsense to the main series game, I like that pogo is a more pure experience
a gold gym thats your colour with your pokemon defending will give up to 9/10 items per spin. You get a bonus of up to 3 items for having a gold gym a bonus of up to 3 items for being a defender in a gold gym plus all the default items from spinning the stop
atm no stats really matter in the game If I go and attack a gym with my worst pokemon i'll still be able to take it with no problem because they're basically just shields In raids if you've got the right amount of players say 6 for a legendary, the only advantage a 100IV team has over a weak team is that they will beat the boss slightly faster. Without pvp/a fully reworked battle system adding mega evolutions are a waste of time. Plus, a big draw for pogo is the nostalgia aspect, if you start adding current gen unnecessary stuff it might turn people off
in main series pvp maybe, they're unnecessary for beating any main story battle and unnecessary in pogo
No way will they increase the price, i'd imagine the same as normal or maybe slightly less
imagine being excited about elder scrolls when ubisoft just opened their conference with Despacito 2
or not, simply dont buy it. if people continue to buy dlc then they will continue to take your money.
got 2 passes, both mid-week, both middle of the day. I'm lucky that i can go but i'm seeing a lot of people saying they're not doing it because they're sick of the times being bad. imo all Ex raids should be after 6pm/last raid of the day cause surely that would be best for the vast majority of players.
The raids that triggered the passes this time were both after 6:30pm, no one round here raids in the day time at all but every pass that goes out is always midday.
yup, only digital preorders. Absolutely no way in hell am I dropping more than £20 on a digital copy of a game lol
think you're just lucky, they love munching fox shit, cat shit, any shit really lol
Pretty much, i've been playing since the beginning of heavensward and I levelled a healer to jump me through queues because dps queues are insane, but now in stormblood even last patch content means a 20 min queue as healer. When you get into a lot of the older contents big dungeons they're just speed runs too. Your best bet is to get into an FC and get a group together/or put the dungeon up on party finder to manually get a group together
people will pay £20 for one skin in fortnite, WoW, ffxiv etc. absolutely reasonable for activision to continue charging for actual content. You don't have to buy it though, i've not bought any loot boxes ever, haven't bought a map pack since the beginning of BO3 and its never affected my enjoyment of the game at all.
PC players are a tinnnnnny percentage of the playerbase and even though i play most of my games on pc, there's just no reason that justifies buying a cod game to play online on anything but their main supported console.
blame youtube content creators for that, since BO3 they basically just abandon cod games until a new weapon comes out when they can make loot box opening videos, which makes activision tonnes of money.
this is what happens when you bang a pregnant girl
i'm not a big smash player at all but everything about that presentation got me hyped af
Would rather have no dlc and get a new game in a year or two
because they're dumb kids who want nintendo to dump their entire switch lifetime release schedule into 2018 and then have nothing for the next 7 years
great bait
my only issue is people running in the distance go all buggy, everything else just plays like any other console. Also, graphics can be a bit inconsistent, nothing a cheeky patch wont fix though
The bugs i was having were in docked/tv mode. Just played a few games handheld and its suuuper smooth. I feel like they’ve made optimising it for handeheld priority and theyll fix tv mode sometime this week
just keep grinding until the end of the event then decide, they're not that rare really, i've got one maxed out plus 1200 candies in my bag now.
just open ingress and see whats around, if something is a portal in ingress but not a pokestop click on it, take a screenshot and submit it to niantic support, they may stick it into pogo for you
its so nice playing on the switch, especially coming from PC Fortnite which is an absolute sweatfest
Jack really is the best pick up OpTic have ever made lol, he's been absolutely killing it this year, super happy for him he seems like a really genuinely nice guy.
yup, seems to be a theme to not announce during the main conference. Activision casually dropped in their 'we're making black ops 3 free to download this month and it comes with a new free map pack' thing just in between adverts lol, hoping nintendo drops some more stuff.
YES! My favourite ever game &lt;3 &lt;3 can't wait to play it again :D :D :D :D
lmao bet you're one of the guys who just stands out in the open messing with your inventory and maps lol
this will be the first cod I buy after its released, really dont feel confident enough to commit to a preorder/buying before finished reviews
was it a sponsored stop? they've all been taken out now
official press releases from the company, thats it
Theyre good if you have a little cluster of stops where you can lure up all of them. Luring an individual stop is a waste of time though. You should get one pokemon every 5 mins. If you dont get that go through itunes to get your money back. Apple helps really good niantic support is crap
Realistically, the only reason Sony are at the top is because Xbox priced too high on release, if they'd been the same price everyone would have jumped 360-one
Pokestops need to give out more everything. Even if i spin every stop i pass and catch nothing for like 2 days i still cant fill my bag up. Capsules like we have in ingress would solve a lot of these issues. Farming gear would be a lot less annoying
Got my first ever solo win on switch stats not recorded *bad luck brian meme*
no reason to use straws at all, just give them sippy lids like you get on take out coffee cups
its no different than drinking them out of a bottle/can really, just make the hole a bit bigger and you're good to go
blastoise was always obsolete in pogo tbh, only starter worth having is the community day charizard with blast burn
they really need to add them into special research quests (like the mew one) once they've done a couple of raid loops, anyone who's just rejoining the game now is looking at a lot of unfillable dex spaces
middle box is deffo worth the money i've bought 2, first boxes i've ever bought
if your teeth are knackered you shouldn't be drinking fizzy drinks at all lol
Do I buy some extra cod maps, or do I buy smash bros. Hmmmmmm
bet the people who live their stink of piss and fags
nope you'll get 50, doesnt matter if you have 1 or 100 gyms the daily cap is still 50 coins
wouldn't worry about it at all, as long as you get one thats all that really matters with these events, battle system isnt deep enough to worry about movesets
needs to be 2 sessions, one saturday one sunday. Hardcore players get 2 farm sessions, casual players get two chances to come and play
the amount of times i've just hopped into someone's car after we met roughly 5 mins earlier and don't know eachothers names is unreal
Squirtle squad glasses or we riot
hahaha mens hobbies are stupid and women should always be the boss hahahha. no.
nah they just need to add double item from stops buffs to go with star pieces and lucky eggs
there was never even the slightest hint of either happening, if mw2 gets remastered it will happen on infinity wards year.
they're almost 100% that most of the nice features people want aren't in the game
lmao he got manhandled! Security steve needs to chill
not really, Methodz clutched up all event they would have gone out way earlier without him
All our local spoofers just got promoted to royalty status with bags full of regionals. They were fully shunned from the groups and now everyones on their dicks
always someone looking for an excuse to not put any effort in lol
or just talk to local players and work together by shouting out in chats when you find one, which saves everyone time and balls
I think that's part of the reasoning behind allowing you to transfer from pogo to lets go, they want you to free up 151 bag space so they don't have to give out more for free, struggling for space at 1500 capacity is seriously excessive though, you need to be harsher with your choices.
squirtle squad glasses or we riot
whatsapp groups, facebook groups, discord groups, silph road, reddit, seriously dude lol
Its against tos. But not cheating it gives you no real advantage and if you do it legit you do double the work of a one account person
at least you understand that everything else i've said is correct, not really bothered if you think they're cheating, you probably iv check, play with multi account people or use maps which are just as bad
Having an apple watch/pogo+/Gotcha really helps, you can just leave it running and get on with your day without your battery getting tanked, then when you've geared up you can play as normal and lure up a pokestop or whatever.
just google wallmart kid, he's the peak of that music genre
spoofer yes, multi account people no. Also you friends listing someone with multiple accounts doesnt benefit them at all unless you send all the accounts gifts and stuff every day
BO1 has probably had a pretty close playercount to ww2 for most of this year lol
no resale value on digital games, the only reason i can justify buying games at all is because i can take them to game and trade them in towards the next one i want. Will never buy a digital version of any game above £15/20 and even thats pushing it
all i would want is the event pichus to complete my collection, everything else i'd rather just wait and catch
The amount of pokemon players (mostly high levels) that have sent me their home address to submit/asked me to submit dumb stuff that's got no chance of being accepted makes me hope that pogo players never get to submit stops lol. In my area, we've worked really hard as an ingress community. Literally every acceptable submission has been created, and any new ones are quickly added. Theres nothing that pogo players could add to that. Even just my local park has gained 2 gyms and 10 stops since i've started to submit again. What needs to happen is a lower level cap transfer service. So when an ingress agent reaches level 8 they should be able to link their pogo account and then they can select portals to transfer into pokemon go. What that does is keeps the lower levels of ingress alive without disrupting serious ingressers, its also enough of a taster that pogo players may stick with it and play ingress too. Helps both communities.
to add to that: if you can link up with a high level ingress player you can hit level 8 in one hardcore day with them feeding you gear, its really not hard
The rules for pokemon go submissions would be exactly the same as the rules for submissions in ingress. The vast majority of acceptable stuff is already in ingress so there is literally zero reason to split them and let pogo players run wild trying to submit absolute nonsense. Ingress submissions are massively backlogged, pokemon go submissions would be equally backlogged, easier to have one pile of ingress stuff than a pile of ingress stuff and an absolute mess of pokemon submissions
they've spent the last 5 years running with a system that works in ingress, they aren't going to change that. Stops in Go and Ingress serve basically the same purpose and there is absolutely no reason to loosen the rules and allow pogo players to submit any random stuff.
log into ingress and thank your locals, they're the ones that get this stuff put in.
One way to do it would be to allow level 40s to enter submission mode, and in submission mode you walk around as normal but you can see ingress portals, submit them for transfer to pokemon go and then once it reaches a certain threshold it gets sent over. An easier way would be to just transfer all missing portals into pogo, that would solve a lot of players issues, but that solution is too simple for niantic
trust me i know, i've been getting raged at in another thread for explaining why we get to submit in ingress and pogo players dont lol, he wants the servers separated so pogo players can submit literally anything as a stop. poor child doesn't realise what a mess it would cause.
by having sunglasses
also you can level all classes on one character, you just switch gear and do the job quests for that class
Exactly, easy mode.
Our local groups have already banned any talk of selling gifts/postcards/pokemon trades on all our group pages and chats. Instant perma ban if you do it. Partly because no black market nonsense will be accepted. And partly because its the perfect tool to groom kids in exchange for ingame stuff and we’re hot on safeguarding people from that!
just evolve all of them, magikarps are everywhere and candy is infinite
sounds like a good way to push companies out... no way is cod anywhere near profitable to justify franchising costs
nah. its already really easy to complete your dex, normal trading makes that even easier. No need to make it even more easy on top of that
so that makes it even more useless lol. The gift system is essentially a wonder trade, you send a gift, get an egg which contains a random alolan form
exactly, great news buddy, you're single so we know you'll be available to babysit our brat 24/7 with no excuses. Maybe that's why he's crying.
who the fook is this guy, and why would anyone care what he says lmao
well yeah but i wouldnt send gifts to people who wouldnt send them back. Like Beyonce says "If you like in then you better send me a postcard in pogo"
first time I ever went on a pokemon go hunt I ended up jumping in a car with this dude to chase down a pokemon, ended up in some random graveyard at like 11pm, we both caught it then shook hands and introduced ourselves and laughed about how anti-survival jumping into random cars is lol
surely it will be like when you level up with a full item bag, you get the stuff ontop of your limit and have to get bellow the limit before you can collect eggs again
we just need triple stardust to become normal stardust reward. going back to 100 stardust per catch will be awful
iphone 8+ is a brilliant phone
same, i have 8 passes in stock, hopefully I can catch early and save the rest
yeah same nearly every one I caught this event counted as a big boi
Problem is pogo players have been spoofing and cheating since a few days after release. Its very hard to tell whos a legit player and the amount of players with multiple spoofed L40 accounts is pretty high. Opening up subs from pogo players atm would just be a total mess
Pretty much every requested feature thats been held back has been shelved because cheaters would ruin it on day one.
if old games are buggy that means people will go back for the nostalgia hit then jump back to current titles. If they work perfectly the community would be fully spread out over 10 years of cod games.
pretty sure he'll count in the 'mythic' category with mew so you cant trade him :'( i was hoping to offload one to a mate who never gets a pass lol
the way niantic goes with events im suprised the community days arent on a monday morning in rush hour
if they've caught you once they'll catch you again, time to delete your account
Hes been caught cheating he should just quit anyway lol.
i've caught 5/5 now. Out of our 2 full groups that did the ex raid today only one didnt catch him
saw this already but YAY! 1,000,000km trade distances sounds like a good grind :D
its because the alolan form has been added
yup, sent/recieved like 10 now
we just had a google doc, guy who created it added the first burst of codes that came through then people just added their stuff to it
you collect gifts from pokestops, send/receive from the friends tab
its a game that you have to make time for, if you're not willing/able to make the time to play meaning you don't achieve the things you want to achieve in game, there's not much point in playing. In most families with kids both parents and the kid have an account so they can play as a team, 3 accounts is enough to do all raids L3 and under, maybe some weak 4 stars, it also gives you an excuse to do community days because you go to the park with your family and spend time with them. You also dont have to play with your community, you can use it as an excuse to visit places and when you can't be bothered to go sight seeing you can do a couple of raids/farm at a lure with a picnic or whatever
We had one spoofer round here, as soon as his playing affected any local players he was banished from all the chats and raid groups. I don't have a problem with people spoofing, if they want to ruin their own experience of the game and waste their time its up to them. But if it starts to affect the legit community they can go jump in the sea
go outside, get some social skills and make friends with people
Hope so. Literally all i want from trades is the old event pichus
2nd/3rd/4th account, no problem at all. Leave them alone if they levelled them legit. Spoofer, report tf out of them
they've given you a way to insta fill your inventory with rare useful items with no grinding, im sure you can manage to walk a few eggs lol
respect
i doubt i'll trade any regionals, unless i'm very very unlikely to visit the place. All im interested in from trading is the old event pichus with hats cause i dont have them
I've pretty much only used my xbox one to play old backwards compatible COD games for the last year or two (whenever black ops one was added). because everything I want I can already get on my PS4 so no it isn't worth it. Unless you're super interested in the new Halo game, which i'm guessing you aren't because its basically a nostalgia hit at this point and you're a playstation kid lol
smash comes out in december so we'll be deep into a santa hat pikachu event
The fact that most players have 200 strong friend list of complete strangers proves that not rolling out kid access straight away was the right choice. they will probably roll it out soon when things calm down a bit
no, but hatching an egg from a far away friend counts towards your pilot badge
If you can find a high level player to feed you gear you can hit at least level 8 in a day.
You need to reach level 10 go to the place you want to submit a portal make sure its not already a portal in Ingress plot it take the picture write the title/description submit and wait It can take a few months for the portal to be assessed because there's a massive backlog and higher level users assess the portals. If you don't follow the rules and try to submit your house or something dumb you WILL get it rejected. Its blindingly obvious which portals are submitted by Pokemon Go players and which are submitted by Ingress players.
On your own, couple of months if you travel to somewhere with portals to play. With a high level player feeding you gear, less time, but you still need to go somewhere with loads of portals to play with.
annoyingly common, you can report spoofers from the support section in game
Would rather they pump the money into black ops 4 and keep that going for 3 years.
no you cant get regionals, BUT the pokemon you get from that egg will be registered to the location they sent it from meaning if you trade it you get that distance added to your pilot badge
Mines been a bit buggy since the adventure/rock event started. i've narrowed the app crashes down to lured stops I think. Seems like whenever I spin a few lured stops with the watch it kills the app. Before these issues I had basically no problems with the watch at all
I'd guess november, everyone will hit their 90 day friend bonus in september/october. Then halloween event, then Gen 4 release in line with Ingress release anniversary
Prenerf gifts where annoying af. I couldnt use items fast enough there was actually too much
Raids need to end at midnight really. My community would be roughly 3 billion % more active if raids where up at a time people could do
Currently dealing with this at my local gyms. We’ve *sort of* dealt with the spoofing issue but the gym skimmer is causing me a lot of agro
This is the attitude I take too, aside from the few within walking distance of my house where i get coins, once a gym hits gold I only drop a pokemon in if its my colour and I only battle it if its at a lure farm spot and I want it to be mine for the extra loot.
Im glad they nerfed it. I was getting an obnoxious amount of items and even on a heavy grind with 1000 item sized bag I couldn’t use stuff fast enough to have any spare space. It also made my usual stop spinning route useless because id have to bin half the stuff i spun just so i could clear out gifts. The friend system is basically useless though, not one person on my list has the right amount of activity progress. Absolutely pointless.
Literally none of my 50 friends are showing the right data. Pointless.
I am a rural player. I did the ingress grind and started submitting stops. After 6 months i now have 3 gyms and about 15 stops to play with about 5 mins from my house. You get out what you put in.
Great excuse to grind some kanto spares to send over to Lets go!
Not many stops = no one blowing up my stuff. Farm gear, check ingress intel to see where nearest big concentration of enemy portals are. Drive there, Quick pre-attack farm. blow it up, fill all portals, mod all portals, link and layer. Rinse and repeat, levelling gets faster as you level cause your bursters have more range. Ingress rewards efficiency, its the main thing people get wrong when levelling. Also, ingressers are lazy. Theywill just keep building up the area nearest their house so if you find a good attack spot, check back a few days later and it will be built up again.
Sounds like you just dont want to try. Remember its a team game. Kill their farm once or twice and they usually dont even bother wasting mods and shields to protect it anymore.
I did. I may add some people again when its not broken af
I think this will come, but only once they've fixed the sync issues, pretty pointless till then
At this point Comp is just way too much hassle for Activision lol. they cant make that much money from it and the people they provide competitions for just roast their every move
he wants a predator to groom his kids thats the only explaination
Had at least one person added to our group chat nearly every day since the update. Also seeing a lot more activity and new names/sub 30 accounts on gyms. Unfortunately it also means the facebook/discord """"admins"""" have gone into full blown power trip, third reich, send everyone to the gulag mode so the casual player pages are pretty cancerous atm
Yeah ive been keeping an eye on it and reset seems to be 1am
Yup. Made loads now. Unfortunately pokemon go players submit absolute BS as portals so working through the backlog of reviews is 100000% more annoying
Absolutely useless task. The entire point of the 7 day thing was to get old legendaries. Also making ditto super EZ mode is a big mistake
My guess is the absol quest will become ditto quest
The ex raid isnt really a special occasion anymore. People want to get in and out as wuick as possible so they can leave. You wont be missing anything if someone does it for you. And you get the added bonus of having mewtwo without getting up from your desk lol
The fact that people have been cheating and using iv checkers makes any pvp they might introduce a waste of time
already got a body slam snorlax from 2016. They should have introduced munchlax into eggs and only those can have body slam. 7 day quest snorlax is useless
takes pretty much zero effort to hatch 10km eggs, you can get rid of a 2k in about half an hour
i want to see what happens with the pass. if i'm going to be locked out of a tonne of stuff without the pass I wont buy, if its just zombies and a few maps i'll pick it up
yup, I caught my first body slam snorlax in July 2016 lol.
the only way pvp would be balanced is if niantic re-rolled the IVs of every Pokemon each player has.
I swear rural players just dont want to play the game lol. lazy af
mmhhmmmmm
the common ones that could be ditto got replaced with water pokemon that can turn into ditto
trading once also acts like a recipt because it lists where its from. Watch, in a month or two they will do another ban wave, and all the people that have received pokemon from spoofers will have those pokemon removed.
Hit him with a nanab first, then if he breaks out golden razz the rest of the throws
yeah i've caught 8/8 mewtwos so far my technique is fine lol
You know when you have a 100% easy. But you cant work out any others without 3rd party help. Sounds like you’ve been cheating.
Im finding it easy to keep up with gifts but this definitely helps. Unfortunately friends list is sill completely broken and out of sync
Karma is gone dude move on
Nah. I grew up in the 90s where games were hard af and gave no hand holding. Kids just need to learn to not suck at everything
thats what i noticed too lol, dude blatently cheated
only matters when you're trying to do raids with the bare minimum amount of people. If you've got the numbers you can use basically anything
Most of mine were all over the place. Woke up yesterday morning and they were all correct, but not updated with any activity since. Seems like everythings just taking a long time to update.
If you look on the silph road league map theres probably a link to your cities main discord group
wonder, all 3 stats, plus stats exceed my expectations is 100% IV Wonder. 2 stats. exceeds expectations is usually high 80s/90s wonder, 1 stat, exceeds expectations can range from low 80s to low 90s
Seeing the Hammond trailer made me log into overwatch for the first time in 2 months, excited to play him!
Its wild that the majority of people complaining will be old men with 5 backpack account full of mufg capsules. ‘Legit players’
By this time next year, When the next mainline Pokemon game appears, Pokemon Go will literally just be a farming utility for the switch and a thing they use for events.
Shitty low paid jobs? Have you ever actualy spoken to a trades person lol
yup &amp;#x200B;
Yeah its not Niantics fault you’ve got no friends stop complaining.
May is remain corbyn is leave though
If he cant handle a tough panel he shouldn’t be leading his party
Yeah. And she shouldn’t be the leader of the tories. If hes pulling the same shit he should follow her out of the door
She’s just going through the motions becuase she has to. The snp and lib dems are absolute nobodies, their opinion doesn’t matter
Thats just really really sad tbh
Yup. Already said that she shouldnt be leading the tories
Right. So what happens if he gets in? If he cant handle the weakest government we’ve ever had hows he going to square up to the EU in negotiations
Just cook whatever you want and stick them some lettuce in a bowl
They do. Not everything has to go to poor people by default
There has never been a good fallout game, 76 being bad shouldn't come as a surprise.
Nah, shes already PM, he’s the one trying to unseat her so he needs to grow a pair and take her on
Been dead since about a month after it was released
Game should have died about 5 years ago. Its dated af and has nothing new to offer. To a newer player it may be fun but to anyone whos played mmo games before its just buying the same old shit and expecting it to magixally be different
In the booth with him were ya?
Yup. But the next game to hop to thats still alive is Bo3 not ww2 lol
Not everything has to go in your army. Just build it and paint it for fun
I worked in a primary school a couple of years ago. They had a reserve of food for kids who didn’t get fed at home. A washing machine and spare clothes for kids who didnt get their uniform washed at home. A bed for kids who didn’t get any sleep at home because of parents arguing/keeping them awake all night. Had to stay back after school with teachers loads of times to supervise kids when a parent turned up drunk af, or got aggressive in the playground etc Schools end up doing 90% of the parenting for some families
Not at all. Just stated a fact.
That's a pretty common problem in big city schools with a lot of immigrants, the parents can't speak or read English so the kids only get English lessons at school, go back to their home country over the summer holidays where they don't speak any English then come back in September basically back at square one. Then as soon as they're old enough, beginning of highschool for example their parents have them dealing with letters and bills and all the adult stuff because their parents can't read any of their post. So they've got the stress of family money troubles and stuff on top of going through puberty.
damn, you're in for one of the best 60+ hour experiences of your life! Enjoy it :D
At least 90% of the accounts that write that shit in comment sections are trolls/bots. If Brexit doesn't go through there will definitely be protests, which will more than likely turn violent at some point
Oh yeah I think diverse schools are really great for kids, schools for me growing up were always 99.9% English kids who came from no more than maybe a mile away from the school and I sometimes feel like I missed out on being around other cultures. The schools i'm talking about are generally in poor, really rough areas of cities, where maybe 10% of the children are native English speakers, they're not really diverse schools, just schools where no English kids go lol
Deffo Parasite &amp;#x200B;
Nah. Can’t stand the accent so I keep well away
Doctors were bailing anyway because the NHS is getting piledrived by the Tories.
Pre-brexit panic you could get a 1 bed flat out here for about £850. But now a studio is about right. Same with the travel card, when i moved down here it was about £199 being able to afford to do something doesnt mean you have to. You can rent a room for £400-500 all in if you look in the right places then have an extra £600/700 per month to save/spend.
Nothings going wrong now. Everything post-J/Richard Lewis has been a good move.
c'mon chief, explain to the group why you're wrong.
Nah. Toxic is toxic its nothing to do with strong opinions or being older.
Some people genuinely think that ingress is a life and death situation. There are some absolute freaks who play this game, best to just ignore them lol. Also, because the playerbase is a bit older they absolutely freak out over any tiny little change for the better because its not like the old days. Prime is better than old Ingress and thats absolute fact, most people are crying because their stone age era phone is struggling to run it and they dont want a new phone because technology is scary.
Gotta love the crank left. You’re just one big meme.
Yup. It was put up against battlefield and cod.
Its going to be wild watching Corbyn lose another election to the weakest government we’ve ever had.
Oh don’t worry, The reason he’ll lose is because everyone else is racist, stupid and scum not because he’s a bad leader, it’ll never be Corbyns fault.
The only way he wins is if she loses, if he gets in its because shes shit not because hes good.
Nope. That shit already happens. I said that they will be the excuses people use for why he lost, because thats been the excuse all along
What i said is fact, that is exactly what corbyn fans have been saying all along. Its not a new development.
Yup. Very nervous because i dont want the tories or corbyn in
I dont want either of them in. Im completely unbiased. But what im saying is true. He only wins if she chokes
I honestly only know one person who would vote for him. Every other Labour voter is just praying that he gets the boot before we’re made to choose who to vote for
i'm 29, can't think of any time in my life where i've ever even considered that religion is the answer to anything lol. It's just a club for weak minded people who can't handle reality.
yup, loadssss of portals out there with night time pictures.
Lmao wat
And why is that islamaphobic (weak troll btw try harder)
its not a mobile game, its an ios Mojave exclusive
We are the intelligent ones. We can throw shallow comments because we're right.
Hope it does get a new soundtrack. The ‘triangles are my favourite shape’ thing is beyond cringe lol
Nope. I put in the grind to get gold and i know people who’ve done triple the amount i have. We shouldnt lose our badge because you didnt do it
Back in the old gym system training took forever to do, especially with people having the ability to snipe gyms/spoofers filling all the gyms with maxed out Blissys
You couldn't do that in anywhere that was even remotely contested, that Pokemon would have been chipped out in minutes
You obviously don't know what you're talking about, you're just trolling for the sake of it but ok.
yeah, in uncontested areas.
Theres been a constant stream of threads and comments complaining about not being able to get that badge since the day it was retired because it was too hard/took too long/took too much effort, friends lists show how little people actually battle gyms, I know maybe 5 people who've played from release who actually have it. so to have the gold already is an in game achievement. Putting a flair on it would take zero time, zero effort, and its just something nice for the people who put the time into getting it. If you really feel the need to be this toxic about something that won't affect you in any negative way, and will just reward you for an achievement, then you should really get off the internet, its not healthy.
That will probably change a bit further down the line, This looks more like a rock paper scissors style battle atm.
They did announce that they were retiring badges for the old gym system because we wouldn't be training them anymore, thats how I got my badge, because when I heard that I made sure I got out and did the last chunk of training before the rework happened. Think I got it with about 2 days to spare.
It was originally available pre-pokestop syncs with ingress so there was way less gyms to battle and way less pokestops, no gifts, no stardust events, no pinap berries for extra candy, no buddies, no TMs, no rare candies etc. training a decent battle team actually took quite a bit of work. If the players in your area were mostly on your team you were screwed because you could only train gyms a certain amount, so to work on the badge most people had to travel around to gain the exp. People forget this because all the extra stuff has been drip fed into the game over the last year so it feels like we've had the bonus's forever. Most of the 'played from release' people in my local groups have less than 300/400 on that badge and it was available for a year.
fuckers who spray acid in peoples faces and stab people to steal their stuff aren't petty criminals.
we will get daily rewards from training against a team leader in battles, i'd guess TMs will come from that
They were trying to get parliment to vote through mays brexit deal without revealing all the details This basically forces them to publish the legal advice they were trying to hide Once its all out in the open the vote will happen If mays deal fails to get enough votes parliment then takes over control of brexit.
Nah. Content is key. When optic shit the bed last year and was making no content pros could easily have stolen a bunch of fans if they had been making good content. But they didnt. And all that happened is viewer numbers tanked for the cwl because there was no optic content.
Gamecube is the most underrated tech item of all time
TEEFS
I got xbox one on release day and it was at least a year before i fully moved on from my 360. You’ll be fine if you buy the one now
Thry voted for brexit because tonnes of people are absolutely flat broke. To the point where literally any change is better than what they currently have
It was a protest vote. If you’ve never lived in that kind of place, you’ll never understand how they feel.
Protesting against the current state that they’ve been left in by voting to make a huge change. Voting for that change because they feel they’ve been left with no other choice. I forgot this is reddit. This will go down the route of ‘everyone is stupid and racist except me’ so ill just leave my factual information here and go.
Time to reactivate my xbox live and play black ops 1 till my eyes bleed
That was the case with BO3 too, BO3 beta was insance, full game was a mess for most of the year
Even if it did I dont think Gfuel have got the clout to take on Pepsi
inb4 they add some of the lets go features and send the reeeee squad into an absolute melt down
REALLY hope this comes to the switch. I never had a wii u and i feel like i massively missed out
Plush houses with en suites lmao. Where 99% of students live is only one step up from being homeless lol absolute crack dens
spareroom is mostly professional private lets. You can be angry all you want but you're still wrong.
so about 1%, the other 99% are shitholes
If you'd ever been a student, or visited a uni, or ever been to a place where students live you wouldn't even need to question me because you would know that i'm right. You just sound like one of those useless angry twats who is so sad about their own life that they have to lash out at people who are actually trying.
Basically everything about Prime is better than OG ingress, don't listen to the haters. Yes it has bugs, but they're not game breaking at all and they'll get ironed out soon enough. Once you get properly used to the new inventory and stuff you'll never go back.
i'd much rather pay for a PSN subscription than get stuck with the PC multiplayer toxicity lmao
Definitely easier on iphone now cause we’ve got haptic feedback. OG ingress glyph hacking feels too slow now lol
Stop making e-begging seem like a legitimate career and idiots like this will just go away.
There is no fanbase in the world thats as ridiculous and stuck up as metal/rock fans lol its absolutely insane, just a massive group of gatekeeping wierdos
deleted my facebook account a couple of weeks ago, one of the best things i've ever done.
Imagine being Paul Nuttall, campaigning in Stoke, one of the heaviest UKIP, rightwing, anti-EU places in the country, and still not managing to get elected lol.
on the switch too :O take ma moneyyyy
No reason for a level cap increase at all, it adds nothing to the game at all. If they do change the level I really hope they give us recursion like in Ingress rather than just buffing the xp up to some stupid number
The entire reason we have the current coin system is because if we're given anything else spoofers will exploit it, like they did before where every gym in town was locked down by some loser sitting at home. The point of gyms is to get them to gold level and try to defend areas for your team, its a PVP feature, the coin reward is just a little extra they give us not the main reason for having gyms. &amp;#x200B;
its pokemon go, its not a mainline game, its not trying to be a mainline game either so what happens in the main line games doesnt matter
Its not supposed to be a grindy game. Niantic have gone pretty far to make sure its a casual, mostly rng experience
It cant be easy or hard. There is no skill level in gettinng their its just an hours played and/or amount of lucky eggs bought counter
Jude J Preditor/old snipers Dadshot mixwell Tom Syndicate Duncan Ironmunger Adam Apicella old faze members
If you submit a portal thats too close but fits the bill, just keep re-submitting it until it gets through.
just move it a little to the side, if its pretty much right people aren't going to move the pin tot he exact spot, thats how the other out of place portal you're talking about got through. Portal edits take absolutely forever to go through, like theres a chance it won't go through until way into the future when you're not even playing anymore lol so don't worry about moving stuff, just worry about making sure the stuff you want in the game gets into the game.
I absolutely hated the oled screen on my iphone xs. A decent IPS display is WAYYY better on that size screen
AW and BO3. AW multiplayer was absolutely dead last timeni tried to pay it though
Not even going to bother trying to keep up with matches when they start at this time lol
People who compete with aim assist on can't really chat shit to anyone lol
If you book enough in advance you can get into a travel lodge in central London for like £50 only idiots pay a lot for hotels in London lol
because they've cut production and basically every news site is saying that sales are below what they wanted
Why have you got random pieces of parma ham scattered on your table
No. Itll be fine
This is me with lets go lol. Not long to wait now :D
Italians get so over hyped about food lol. Their entire entire menu is basically just bread and/or pasta with tomato sauce on top lol
Living in an area of gatekeeping cargressers is amazing. My badge stats go up really fast cause theres a constant source of free AP to be had
Fake xbox message, no ones mum got banged.
If boxers can shake after a fight where one literally gets beaten to a pulp. A couple of nerds should be able to after a game of cod
Nah just use them, get your dex entries and then worry about saving them once your dex is done, just make sure that you grind PVP a bit when it drops in case rewards get nerfed and they start being hard to get again
Prime is 100% playable, stop whining, If you're a new player you don't even know how crappy the old scanner was lol
Dashy with the tempest is the human version of Zapdos.
Shut up maven *clap clap clapclapclap*
Arse tease
Can we get a David Vonderhaar skin for the dog
BO4 is amazing to watch. Every match i’ve seen has been super tense
Hitbox nerf yes. Ban no.
OpTic is back**
Support specialists are really good to watch because they enable really smart plays but leave the skill part in winning. User controlled streaks like hellstorm/RCXD also do the same thing. Using streaks like snipers nest is just annoying. I like tempest plays but it definitely needs a nerf.
Quality of control pubs is already way up now people have seen the pros play and actually want to try to win
Can we please stop legitimising e-begging on twitch as a career.
OG to win. EU to come in hot and beat splyce 3-2
OpTic, Splyce and EU are in a very tight race for 1st this year im sure all 3 will win a tournament before the end of BO4
Yeah a lot of people have already bailed out and set up their groups skmewhere else
Left or got secretly dropped because of the bad juju he bought the cod team? Ooooooooooh
Mission review system is still a complete mess. Wouldn’t even bother trying lol
I think splyce and EU will definitely win at least one each. Then everyone else will catch up and champs will be an absolute blood bath
Shiny magmortar looks amazing. Pink camo cannon monster
If we had a GE tomorrow May would still win while Corbyn is in charge of Labour.
Didnt the support for training get dropped? Im sure its not just EU applicants. Id guess UK people dont want to do the job either now
Last two times i had to go through manchester picadilly the trains where delayed by an hour. Place was an absolute shitshow. Couldnt imagine trying to commute round there every day
Im sure there will be a very heated protest. But not a riot
PE? You mean doing 5 a side in the rain every week with a bunch of try hard wankers who thought they were in the world cup final lol
Nah it doesnt at all
Better to just keep them and hand them out to people with no switch
I was super active outside school, competing in mountain bike trial competitions and stuff, was very physically fit, but I had no interest in football, which at my school meant that PE was an absolute write off because thats all we ever ended up doing.
I went to a rough school even the female PE teachers were at least 3 kids deep
\- The core audience for Ingress is completely different to PoGo, Ingress doesn't have or want avatar clothes or micro-transactions, niantic recently tried to add more micro-transactions to ingress and got HUGE backlash. \- Ingress could use a PoGo+ accessory, but it would have basically no use besides quick hacks which are inefficient anyway \- Ingress has a map because its a tactical PVP game and you use the map to plan attacks against the other team and plot out fields, its a main part of the game not just an extra, PoGo does need a gym map, but it definitely doesn't need to be tied into Ingress \- Ingress already has a leaderboard, PoGo isn't a competitive game so it doesn't need one even when PvP comes to PoGo its still aimed at casual play. Having Pokemon stuff integrated with Ingress is an awful idea, Pogo does need extra out of game utilities, but they should be kept separate &amp;#x200B;
If people learn to google and actually restart their computer the entire IT support industry will collapse lol.
Adventure sync proves that point complerely wrong.
Or work further instead of crying about free coins
-niantic added VERY useful stuff to the ingress store. Thats what caused the backlash because it made the game pay to win. And the current ‚useless’ stuff is only useless if you dont know what you’re doing -pokestops have unlimited spins, portals can only be hacked 4 times without mods because they burn out. Quick hacking is basically a last resort. -again, ingress map is a core part of the game. It doesnt need to be tied into any other platform or combined or put onto a joint platform or anything at all. It needs to be left alone, Its already slow without pokemon players flooding the site. -pvp wont get serious. Like literally everything niantic has added to pogo, it will be built for casual players.
No problem. You’ll become a spoofer if you carry on down your path, come back to the good side
Only in the us. Everyone else can drink at 18
Canada are just emo kids that wanna be different
Probably for the best tbh
Surfing baked potato
Karmas defintely a wierd emo kid though lol
He’s a career-long hater of europe and leave supporter, in charge of the party whos job it is to back remain. May is a remainer in charge of a party whos job it is to leave the EU. Total fuck up basically lol
Intro lasts longer than some of the matches, so annoying
Pretty sure this is the reason game of thrones is delayed till next year, it just can't compete
Its weird living in a very heavy leave area, EVERYONE is talking about Brexit, and they're all still super pissed that it hasn't happened yet. If anything they want it more than they did 2 years ago.
TEEFS
I havent had any need to grind a nest for almost a year now which was one of the best parts of the game, and one of the things which kept the chats alive. I finished the current gen4 dex in maybe a week + a day each for the other drips of pokemon we’ve had because they were literally everywhere and not rare at all. Ivw walked over 100km every week since adventure sync dropped, still not got a 10km in so im just getting annoyed that i havent even had chance to get riolou yet. The events and special research are just a shitty and blatant paywall and arent fun. Silver pinaps were basically useless and didnt need to be added. Raid scene is totally dead. No one wants to pay real money for passes for this crap, and the 5 star raids maybe get full groups for the first 2 days then no one dors them till the next pokemon drops. People dont even bother to do EX Raids anymore because who gives af about deoxys I basically just leave my phone in my pocket and go+ everything now to keep topping up stardust. I have zero reasons to actually open up and play.
Got rid of mine about a month ago. It has such a toxic effect on my mental health, my life feels 10000% better now.
Would rather have tommy robinson than that bellend
Don’t be that guy.
Nice try Aches alt account
Nah thats why shes hanging on so long. They want to avoid no deal at all costs, so she tried to push the vote back to a point where they have no choice but to back her rather than get no deal.
Name one person who could have done better. Actually better, not jsut plucking the name of someone slughtly less shit out of the sky.
Game just needs new pokemon. Spawn variety and nests are better than ever. But having no rare wild pokemon and none really restricted to nests gives people no real reason to farm at all. The main reason i like to play is to visit different places, collect the local badges and hit nests. I havent had to hunt and grind nests for about a year now because the games changed in a way that makes them not really essential anymore which is really sad. Raids either need to spawn 24 hours a day (which would stop people spoofing to other countries to raid once local ones end) or they need to spawn on every gym with the option to click past them and just battle the gym if you want to.
Reddit isn’t facebook.
Same on iphone. Since last week my avatars been running all over the place if im not outside. One of our other players avatars ran over 2 miles away from where we were sitting lol
Saying shit on the internet doesnt give you immunity. If you want to lie/accuse/generally chat shit sbout someone you should be prepared to face the concequences of your actions. Dont say anything online that you wouldnt say to someones face.
When they said they were taking some elements from overwatch i wasnt expecting an almost copy paste, but made super OP, version of Sombra
He gets threatebed, beaten up arrested and chased down regularly for his views and comments. I dont support him. What ive said isnt an opinion it is fact.
You know it will be a mess when it lands, we'll almost be on the next game by the time its stable and working properly so just forget about it until the next game.
I've got basically zero interest in it, i'll do it until i've got my dex entries and a couple rewards and then stop. Can't see interest lasting more than a couple of weeks really.
Large community is definitely pushing it. Tiny community of pretty commitee fans is more accurate.
If she goes tonight then Corbyn should follow her out of the door, they're both fucking idiots, we need someone we actually want to vote for in charge of the parties
There isn't one.
thats how sponsorships work, without the sponsors esports wouldn't exist lol everyone already knows that scuf controllers are total ass
Cress lasted like 2 days before people stopped doing them, its just a dex entry so no one cares. Same with Deoxys, because we can share passes most people got one on either wave one or two so now they don't care about turning up to EX raids. The timelocked gen4 evos are probably one of the worst 'features' that have ever been added to the game.
Maybe a mcdonalds event coming. UK mcdonalds have dialga and palkia advertised as the next set of happy meal toys
All my local mcdonalds still have little plush foxes and stuff with pokemon advertised as the next thing lol ive been checking back every day
Now you’ve got more portals to play on you could level up and help him ;)
Travelling in massive penis shaped vebicles makes you act like a massive penis apparently
No
Both at the same time
Corbyn wont win the next election lol
Already have. Having the crank far left in would be worse than the situation we’re in now
Lmao absolutely deluded.
Most people start when theyre at school either because they think it looks cool/theyre rebelling/peer pressure.
Smoked for 10 years.
Smoked for 10 years. I know all you need to know about smoking
Enjoy it yes. I really enjoyed it. Do it no. Doing it is stupid af
Cuddling up to a racist, anti women and homophobic party isnt a good look when you’re being accused of being an antisemite lol. Even if it is to beat may.
100T kb/mouse?
i'd consider myself a hardcore player, loads of high CP, high IV legendaries. But I doubt i'll ever buy a second move for them, pokemon candies/rare candies are way to valuable to waste on that kind of thing.
love it, really fun so far and I was one of those people who until this morning was saying i've got no interest in pvp and wont even bother. All we need is a 'ready to battle' status so that I know who in my friends list is up for a fight.
Nothing ive said is opinion. All facts
Marky b just got battered and fried
Thats the whole point, some pokemon you will power up to max level, some you wont power up but do give a second move, the interesting leagues are supposed to be the bottom 2 not the top one.
yeah
thats not cosplay! RUN!!
Get rid of Corbyn and stick someone in charge of Labour who isn’t a complete twat in and maybe something can be done about the Tories. Until then, even after all this, they’ll win another election.
He acts like a dog. Spends a lot of time barking at and chasing squirrels but if he ever caught one he wouldnt know what to do with it. I have aboslutely zero confidence that he could carry out anything that hes said. I also can’t support the new breed of crank left psychos that he attracts. They’re enough on their own to make me never want him in power.
I’m not trying to convince you to doubt Corbyn. Just like you won’t convince me to support him. He doesnt have the confidence of his own colleagues, hes still there because he refused to resign, not because hes wanted by them. I hate that people like Owen Jones, the Katie Hopkins of the left, send their minions after anyone who doesnt agree with him online. I hate that after the referendum, where i supported remain, that i got a fuck tonne of abuse from his fans for trying to be understanding of why people voted to leave. Apparently that somehow made me a far right scumbag nazi who should kill himself. I think that people should be allowed to voice their own opinions without fear of being abused, doxxed, sacked and having their lives ruined for being anything right of corbyn. Corbyn supporters disagree with this entirely. So i can’t support him because its a point i wont budge on and i dont want to give his minions even more chances to silence everyone. I’ve voted labour in every election since i turned 18, but wont vote for them again till hes gone.
Smashing got you into pregnancy. Now smashing is ending it
10/10 meme. Mad that you have to be 18 to clap cheeks in america though lol
Noticed this earlier i was waiting for my friend to accept and the lobby changed from day to night
Yeah i mean the legal age of consent in Europe is 16. Some places its lower. But if in America its 18 some people will already have been out of school working full time for 2 years before they’re allowed to buy condoms lol
Omg lmao
The submission tool is just a copy and paste from ingress, which also doesn't let you submit your house as a portal. When you take the cover off these ideas all people actually want is to be able to play without leaving the house, which won't happen.
thats always been there, you cant register more than 1000 gyms, when you hit 1000 it just deletes one of the ones you already visited
yup. roles should be locked until at least gold in comp, higher than that and people are more likely to be in premade groups so they should be free to run the team comp they want.
Isn't she the girl who just does that weird blowing down the mic making noises shit? why would they pick her up
We need to keep our current status in the EU. Thats the point. If we leave and then rejoin with normal status we’re better off out.
This is the corporate version of getting your streaks hacked by zero
Real world games are full of wierdos lol. Just like ingress you get people messaging you saying they’ve been watching you lay links around town and trying to control how you play and following you in their cars and shit. The main problem in my area atm is ’legit’ players sending a spoof account out to make all the gyms white and then driving round 30 mins later to drop pokemon in. Would prefer to have the wierdo really lol
Winter. More people at home reviewing instead of out playing
Team control bonus when you do raids Extra items from having gyms at gold level when you spin it Extra items for having a pokemon in the gym when you spin it Looks pretty in your own team colours If you maintain your gyms and your town is all your own colour it saves you loads of time cause you get all the bonus from spinning without having to keep battling the gym down.
In the uk we can select to have parcels delivered to our local corner shop. Great if you rent a flat because your parcels never get stolen/you can pick up chocolate when you go to get the parcel
Dont believe what you see on the news. Its not all about immigration. A lot of people in the UK voted to leave the EU because they live in absolute poverty, completely forgotten about by the government and literally any change seems like a better choice than what they currently have.
Yup macbook pro price should top out at just under £2000 Iphone should top out just under £1000 Current prices of apple things are absolutely insane
I couldnt give any less of a fuck. Ive always been given shit for having hobbies. Mostly by people who do nothing but drink and sleep.
Didnt really invent it though did he. its literally just an exadurated version of generic af finger click dancing.
She played a nerd in harry potter so she must be smart
Just on my way to tesco to loot dr pepper and chocolate hobnobs. I suggest you all do the same or we’ll be stuck with all the shit stuff like veg and water
I’ve got two family members who have both used ipads exclusively for years now, no computer at all. One for work, one for personal use and they’re both absolutely fine. ipad does everything they need and more. Remember you would be sharing the ipads storage between a family. The reasonable casual user priced models havent got enough space to serve more than one user. And if you’re paying for a big storage ipad theres no reason you couldnt buy like 2/3 laptops that are suitable for casual use.
I honestly just dont even bother playing most nights. Loaded up tonight, did an update which took like 20 minutes. Went and got food, came back an hour later and there was another update which took an hour. Gave up and watched TV. Honestly if i was still living in my old flat where i had crap internet i would have fully given up on this game by now.
Shame shes got absolutely zero idea how to use those skills from oxford properly
Youtubers and e-beggers taking cash from games companies to plug this shit and make it a fashion is an absolute disease. I can’t understand at all how people would rather pay for cosmetic shit instead of earning it through gameplay.
Myspace was the peak of social media. Everything since then has just been one big ad platform with no good user experience
Wouldnt believe the PC part. Thats the same kind of stuff treyarch said about black ops 4 and all ive seen is pc players hating it.
I’d love in game chat. But it wont happen. The in game chat in ingress is super toxic. Players get full on harrassed and stalked round by local gate keepers who think the game is real life and the absolute freaks run wild. Wouldnt work in pogo at all.
