It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once! It's gotta be wild.
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud. I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with. As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do. Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account. If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
I think there might be some confusion between idea that it's "arbitrary" versus "arbitration," which uses a non-court system of settling disputes. It's still legally binding, since both parties agree to the process before going into it, and have to abide by it once the decision is rendered. It's just not a "real" court.
"Can't spell 'feet' without 'eet!'" Nom nom nom.
"I like small tits, but this is ridiculous." Groucho Marx
I'll throw this out there, but I don't know if there's a separate set of steps for a 1x set up. The standard way of checking is to wrap the chain around the two largest cogs without looping through the derailleur. Add two whole links, and there you go, perfect chain length. With a 1x, it sends like the logic would be just as sound. The front D doesn't offer any pull on the chain, so not having one shouldn't affect it at all. Perhaps your b-limit screw isn't set correctly? That adjusts the angle of the dangle of your derailleur. If it's set too slack, there might be some slap when you're in a smaller cog. I just recently set up a 1x for road riding, and I used that method to set my chain length, with no problems. There might be someone out there with better answers for you.
Is that at Sheetz? I love ordering food without talking to people.
That sounds awesome. More so than my old shop's grease trap method. That thing filled fast, smelled bad, and was hell to clean.
In legal parlance, "missile" can mean any object that's thrown or launched. Doesn't have to be a warhead, but if someone launched a Warhead candy at your car, it'd be a missile. Source: Watched "Ally McBeal" one time.
They look like mine, except my toes are more sequentially sized.
This.
Just ask yourself, how many black people do you see flying the Confederate flag? Ever?
I saw that a bit when I was in town a couple of weeks ago. I don't now, nor ever, like seeing tags in the woods. Abandoned buildings is fine, even abandoned buildings in the woods... But don't fuck with nature. If graffiti is a protest against urban blight and colorlessness, then nature is already the antidote. Sorry. /rant
I think I heard that the Grimes location shut down? Am I totally wrong about that?
Records are surprisingly resilient to cutting. What was used? A dremel? Coping saw? Tiny knives?
I've cycled (no pun intended) through almost every handlebar style... Flats, bullhorns, moustache, shallow risers... But I always come back to the drops! They just work so perfectly.
For me, (and what I think is common practice) is that you spend most of your time on the hoods. That means that your drop bars are working similarly to bullhorns, if you've got a good set up of brakes and bars and they are positioned correctly. The drops are used, but not for most of your time riding. Instead, they are used for descents and any other situation in which being aerodynamic is more important than being comfortable... I find myself in the drops for good stretches of slight downgrade or flats into headwinds. That means that, if my saddle is set right, it doesn't need to be changed, no matter what bars I'm using. With flat bars, you get one choice of hand position. With bullhorns, you get two major choices. Drops give you three: on the flat, on the hoods, and in the drops. That's why they're so appealing, at least to me.
With an accumulation of lint, I've noticed that adding water to it makes a larger mess. Maybe a stiff brush that your can scrub dry as it runs? Get some light colored fabric to check cleanliness by rubbing the belt as it runs as well. Getting into the inside of the belt is going to be tricky, but that's where all the lint and dirt is gonna fall.
I use [this knot](http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/secureknot.htm) on my scrub pants and boots. Super fast and secure, once you get the hang of it.
"Y'all." In all honesty, that's something love about being southern. Y'all can mean one person, an indefinite amount of people, the whole room with you... And it's gender neutral.
Hey, you might have saved her life by letting her know she was crossing against the light!
I dunno, that "poor audio quality" sells it even harder for me. It gives it that "demo tape you got at a basement show" vibe, which is usually an awesome thing.
There's a taco place nearby that does horchata and espresso. It's fricking tasty!
Cook when you can, camp when you can. That will save money on food and places to stay. Some of those places even have showers and such. Sometimes, (and I'm not condoning this), if you show up sort of late to a campsite, you can sneak in, sleep, and roll out the next morning without paying. Cooking can be trickier, but pb&amp;j's in the car are better than McDonald's. Maybe a camping stove and easily prepared meals at a roadside stop instead of a restaurant? As far as going east or west... The east coast is a whole lot of tiny and densely packed towns. The nature aspect is very green and lush. Also, in the summer, it's a lot more temperate. West will get you huge expanses of desert areas, Badlands, long drives with nothing but rare tiny towns... But the sky at night can be the most star-packed night you'll ever see. Huge huge skylines! And the Rockies. Past the Rockies, a little more desert, then you're in the Pacific northwest, where the trees are massive. Unless you go into southern California, and it's expensive and packed with cities, but temperate and sunny. I love travelling to all parts of America, for all these different reasons.
Wizard staff selfie stick? Gandalf level.
He was so wasted.
Be forewarned: I'm not going to ride in the gutter. I will also scoot left for big lumps, sewer grates, broken glass, loose gravel, babies, kittens, and left turns. But I try to be as accommodating as I can, respecting that each person in a car is a different driver. One jerk doesn't mean I get to piss off every other driver.
Some of these answers lean in the right direction. I can add a little conserving spikes and studs. Aside from the "look" it gives, studs and spikes can be a bit more practical... Dogs wear spiked collars around their necks to prevent another dog from grabbing hold of it, protecting it from attack. The same idea transferred to the punk aesthetic, with spiked bracelets, collars and such. A well-studded jacket might also turn a fist or knife in a fight. A spiked wrist can't be grabbed. Skinny jeans... Well, those aren't actually that practical. Anecdotally, that was the intent. It took the toughness of leather and denim with an extra layer of protection for rumbling gangs. Granted, most of what you see in that look nowadays is toned down and mall-ready. In a post-apocalyptic society, would you be afraid of it was roving gangs of nerds? Probably not. But if the streets were turned over and ran by the shadier element; biker gangs, punks, thugs, etc... You're actually worried about society.
[Great animated video about the accident.](https://youtu.be/YL9dWxkP8Qo)
Yeah! It's sometimes called a SCOBY, symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast. It's the same process used in making kombucha.
Your idea of a "clunker" kinda makes me wonder what else you ride. Sure, it's old, but it can't be that bad. I can't figure out what year model that is, or the group set from that photo. I'd start by figuring out what works and what doesn't. New cables, repacking bearings, cleaning the chain... That can all be done on the cheap. New tires, if those are old, dry, or gnarly. Then, just ride. You'll figure out what needs to be replaced as you go. Stuff like saddles, handlebars, pedals... That comes from figuring out what you like and don't like about what you have.
There are a couple of models I've worked under in different facilities. They come as compete packages, with verbal and physical training. I don't know if you're in a position to purchase the training, but you can certainly look into them. [CPI/NVCI (Crisis Prevention Intervention, Nonviolent Crisis Intervention)](http://www.crisisprevention.com/). Used this one in a youth shelter and as a psych tech. It models escalation around a "kite" idea, with levels of escalation and how to address each one. The physical portion is fairly intuitive and sensible. Right now, the shelter where I work uses [Satori Learning's SAMA model.](http://satorilearning.com/sama-description.html). Personally, I liked the CPI model verbal deescalation, but SAMA's physical holds. CPI addresses how you physically present to someone as they heighten, SAMA has a general script to use when speaking. SAMA's holds are great for kids, as they aren't physically uncomfortable for them, if done right. Having learned both, my personal way has turned into a mishmash. Hope that's kinda helpful.
Think of it this way... Why doesn't a polaroid or any other photograph get more developed after it's done? Simple. The chemical reaction is finished. This reaction of the emulsion is started by light (specifically uv light), but there's only so much reacting it can do. Once it's finished, it's finished. Just like paint can't get any drier, exposed emulsion has turned into a plastic and won't change further. Now, I don't know a whole lot about chemistry, so I can't totally break it down for you, but that's a good starting point, I think. The other big thing is that light is what hardens the emulsion. Water washes it away. Continued exposure would just strengthen the emulsion, not weaken it. Friction from printing will wear it away, eventually, though. It is just plastic, squished into the fabric of the screen, then dried. From a practical standpoint, you can expose screens, wash them out, and re-expose to get them really dry. I used double exposure to get emulsion meant for plastisol (oil based) ready for acrylic (water based) inks, so it'd soak up less water from the ink while working. But necessary, but helpful. Hope this explains a little.
I know if you use the super-cheap option of Speedball, it does require heat setting. It could be as simple as running it in a clothes dryer on high for a half hour (once the ink air dried, of course). There are some ink additives that eliminate the need for heat setting, though.
If they liked the same smells we did, that would never explain why my dog constantly sniffs my cat's ass.
I was actually going to ask what kind of rack that was *because* it's so far up. I think because I'm a tall dude, my heels always hit the bottom of panniers. I know raising them might throw off balance, but it's hard to use them otherwise.
If a punk band does a pop-style song, is it pop? Also, is something art just 'cause you hang it on the wall?
Chlorine, dawg. Sodium hypochlorite. It's poisonous, which is why they use it to kill germs and pee in swimming pools.
First aid, BLS (basic life support) CPR, and maybe watch a video on how to identify a stroke victim. You don't need to know everything about universal precautions, but knowing how to deal with someone else's fluids isn't a bad idea, either.
It does for me. I had to rewind to catch the intro jokes on Futurama.
"This calls for a special blend of psychology and extreme violence."
Big Top Candy on South Congress?
With Google rewards, I can answer a few questions and get all the app money I need. I hadn't heard of Book Bub, though, and I'm always down for cheap reads! Thanks!
We were working in the $3k range as well. Outdoor ceremony, made all the food ourselves, friends as DJ's, and the bar didn't charge us for hosting the reception. I think we spent the most on drink tickets and food/picnic supplies. It was awesome and perfect for everyone involved.
I know that some of This Bike is a Pipe Bomb's songs have harmonica, but I'll be damned if I can think of which ones they are.
Motherfuckin' [Asschapel.](https://youtu.be/YMz1TtVcxs0)
I was imagining some ears that looked like my friends... I know folks that had to have theirs removed because they stretched too far, and the middle of the bottom died and broke. THAT'S intense. Yours, on the other hand, aren't any worse than mine. People sometimes take months before they notice anything odd about them. I've settled on the way they look now, and nothing is cheaper than just having your attitude adjusted!
That's what I would assume. I wonder where I can get Polish flaki in Texas?
Imageboxers.com. They do custom colors and prints. Quality isn't to die for, but the price is OK.
&gt;W-what is going on with JGL's face... He looks like a frog. He does look like he's standing in a hole... I'd guess it's about...knee deep.
It's true. Google a few pictures of "factory farms" and see where it hits you in the feels. Are all egg/milk production facilities like that? No, but you pay a premium for free-range and exploitation free products. Also, vegans consider the argument that humans are the only animal on the planet that drinks another's milk after being weaned, and that dairy milk is designed to help calves grow into cows, putting on tons of weight and mass. This is waaaaay more weight than humans put on during growth. There's a lot more to it, but that's just a starter bit of info. Source: former vegetarian/vegan.
Long story. The condensed version is: I like experiences and experimenting. I wanted to broaden my horizons food-wise, and that's hard to do when you exclude so much from your diet. I certainly don't give a fuck about eating McDonalds, but I did want to sample other culture's foods without restraint.
All math aside, what phones are you buying at $700 a pop? It might be more phone than you need... Do a little research, as smart phones are pushing the more budget-conscious models out there. I bought my moto g a few months ago at just under $300, and I have had no complaints from a performance standpoint. I can skip things like a fingerprint sensor in exchange for battery life, since having it run the whole day for work is important. There are a few brands out there with similar offerings. It's certainly worth a little reading to save a couple hundred bucks! Of course, we'll have to see how long this one lasts. My Galaxy G2 made it through a few years.
CBA? Can't be arsed?
Origin 8 and State Bicycle Co have them as well...but they have a little offset. They are cheap, though, if you're on a tight budget.
Teengenerate.
Sweetbabyjaysus's YouTube channel is a goldmine, for real.
I'm gonna shoot out the long answer as I understand it. For rock bands, on stage they have monitors. You know, those speakers pointed at themselves so they can hear what's going on. Orchestras do *not* have that. Plus, with a big ol' crowd of musicians like that, the only thing they can hear well will probably be the two people sitting next to them. Trying to play like this would quickly degenerate into chaos. Enter: the Conductor. That guy can hear EVERYTHING from where he is. Plus, he's waving his arms like a human metronome, keeping time and letting the various groups know when to get loud, when to get soft, when to come in for that triumphant finish... He's holding the whole thing together.
We have multiple Korean restaurants here, aside from the hipster beards, food trucks, craft beer and the occasional old man riding a bike in a banana hammock. He'll be fine.
True. Infant nails are like tiny razors. I've been scratched on the face, and it stings! Despite child care training, though, I have not heard of babies specifically choking on those mittens. Some onesies have them built in, though, just like the footie bits.
I witnessed a kid at work sliding his spaghetti onto the floor, then picking up noodles off of the floor to eat. Apparently asking "why are you eating floor spaghetti?" is worth a few tears. Two days ago, another kid was crying her eyes out because the other kids "wouldn't leave her alone" from the opposite side of the gym. They weren't even acknowledging her existence at all.
My memory is a little hazy, but we toured through Buffalo in the late 90's. Played a garage show with some band that was "I-something-cide." Supposedly, dudes from that band went on to be in I Object, but I can't find anything to corroborate that online. We went to Niagara Falls the next day. It was cool.
There's no way you stretched a chain like that with your hands, unless you're superhuman. I've got two theories. A: the fixed cog isn't the same size (maybe smaller) as the free wheel. If that's the case, it won't use as much chain as the free wheel side. 2: you're not pulling the wheel back far enough. For those single speed bikes, you've got to put a good amount of tension on the chain, and keep it tight by getting your bolts cranked down. If it slides forward anyway, I'd suggest getting some chain tensioners. They aren't expensive, and you can adjust the tightness of the chain to a really accurate degree.
The thing to remember is that the dates on milk are... sort of guesses. It's a "sell-by"date, ensuring that if you buy it on that day, it will still be good for a reasonable time after you get it home IF you store it correctly. If milk is stored improperly, it can be spoiled before the sell-by date. As long as it doesn't smell bad, you'll be OK. Also, cooking kills germs, so you'll be doubly safe if it's in a cake.
If you like Neon Piss, check out [Silent Era.](https://silenterabayarea.bandcamp.com/album/2014-tape) Same drummer, different sound.
You could try a couple of things. Both require gesso, which is a canvas primer. It's essentially acrylic paint with some gypsum added. (That's the stuff in drywall.) One: get the cheap canvases. Add more gesso in smooth layers until you get a canvas that's how you like it. You can, if you're gentle, sand between layers of gesso to improve the surface. Two: get the DIY framing components in the sizes you want. Make a frame. Cut hardboard/Masonite to fit. Glue/tack it together. You could get by with pretty thin stuff... like 1/8 inch Masonite. Gesso it to prime it. Paint it. I don't think i would spray prime the board, just because other primer is cheaper, and it might take a couple coats to get a good surface.
That sounds like a limit screw problem to start with. You can check GCN's YouTube channel for "how to adjust a rear derailleur." It's informative, and can be done as a newbie. You essentially pull the chain off, and push the derailleurs by hand to see where they are adjusted to, then use the "H" and "L" screws to get it set correctly. Those H and L screws are NOT for fixing the indexing! (That's what determines how it falls as you shift.) That's all done by adjusting cables. Fix the limit screws first and see where you are afterwards.
Yeah, those memory foam shoes are a rip. Even though they are light and comfy, they are still not very tough. Everyone's feet are different, but I do think there are stores that lean towards "higher end" footwear that isn't fashion forward. Places that sell brands like Mephisto, Ecco, Keen... places that will measure your feet like they used to do. Some brands also have models that offer lifetime warranties. I purchased a pair of low-profile styled Keen's a few years ago to wear as a hospital tech. On my feet for 10 of my 12 hour shifts, and they still hold together today. I don't wear them when I do things that require sneakers (like pushing around on my skateboard or riding my bike), but I wear them at work to look nice and stay comfy. They certainly have outlasted any sneaker I owned.
Are you planning on riding with a belt? I made myself a belt loop holster for my u lock. With a couple of fabric rivets and a chunk of old belt, you could do the same. It rides really flat against my waist when the lock is out, so it's not obtrusive. When I ride in Lycra (hence no belt), I don't bring a lock, mostly because my rides of that nature are loops back home.
Have you tried the Yellow Bike Project on Webberville Rd? It's staffed by volunteers, has open shop hours for repair, and are generally cheap and reputable. I recommend checking them out.
I've seen it the other way, bass strings on a guitar. It sounded weird, man.
The "G" stands for "Grandma."
Although it's tempting to undo the clasp and ride it like a swing bike, doing so might bend the hinge bolt. That's all I can tell you.
That's... That's not an Aver's bread stick, is it?
"Yippie-ki-yay, Mister Falcon."
Of course! As does Dr Mario.
I just really like the onion cranker machine. Nobody else has one!
When my dog barks in his sleep, it's cute. When my wife barks in her sleep, it's fuckin' weird, man.
I think "no" describes that whole switch. Get thee to Home Depot and fix that mess!
Summers in Texas are pretty brutal so I took to wearing a cycling jersey and changing into a regular shirt at work, post baby-wipe on the pits. I worked in a place where I was allowed to wear shorts, though. I also kept a complete outfit (down to skivvies and socks) at work at all times, in case of sudden downpour.
Oh, Lil Bub. I wish my dumb looking cat made me famous enough to meet someone like [Robert De Niro.](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02659/Tribeca_2659149b.jpg) She is using her fame to support awesome causes, like the Exotic Feline Rescue Center, where this gif was most likely shot. By the way, that cat is a girl.
I'd try this, but I kinda prefer having my teeth in my mouth as opposed to on the street and stuck to grip tape.
Man, I got THREE splats on the ride home the other night. Made the mistake of rolling right through a grackle wonderland and paid the price. I thought it was totally bad luck... Until today, when I ate it on some light rail tracks and tacoed my wheel, ripped my jacket, and sprained my wrist. Mondays, for real.
If anyone goes drinking around an MRI scanner, you're screwed.
As a cyclist, I check out other cyclist's calves. They are kinda like the biceps of your legs. I get jealous of a good set of calves. Checking out quads is weird, though.
I'm sure one of the *first* things he'll do is start closing loopholes that his fellow business owners and his own businesses use. Sounds reasonable.
I like the idea of thrift stores, but be careful about thrifting IKEA stuff. It's generally not sturdy enough to take a beating. When thrifting, go ahead and look for things made of real solid wood or metal. Older items can be painted up to give them a modern feel. I don't know if they are everywhere, but I used to live in a college town and the college had a surplus store. Essentially it was selling off older items as campus was refurbished. I scored some 7 foot tall solid bookshelves for around $20 each. They also had really solid desks and workbenches, and older office chairs. Also, where I live, we have to watch out for bed bugs...
43? At least 40. I know I haven't been to New Hampshire, Hawaii, Utah (other than flight layovers), West Virginia... I haven't traveled extensively in a while, so the memory is fuzzy.
Does anyone know what "prescription drugs" he was taking? I've gotten drunk while on antidepressants without committing any hate crimes.
This is a great idea. My two past phones have been a moto g3 (rip) and now the moto g4 plus. They do not have all the bells and whistles of a flagship phone, but i spent less than $700 on both of them. No contracts, no monthly payments for them, and I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything they I need a phone to do.
I know other people have asked if this copies an existing wallet design... which it does *BUT* you spent about the same as the cost of one wallet on tools and supplies, made your money back selling surplus, *AND* you still have an awesome looking wallet! Not to mention the tools necessary to make other good looking leather pieces, should you want them. That's good thinking.
U/MGTS has it right. It's not rare, it's not valuable, but it is solid. It would probably work best with a basket on the front for kittens and flowers, and will work best on sunny spring days cruising to the farmer's market. It looks like someone has been taking at least a little care of it, but check your brake pads and tires for dry rot. Lube the chain and take off on social rides!
As in "can I sell it for a lot of money?" No, not really. I see them daily on Craigslist for between $75-$125. As in "should I ride it around town/to school/etc?" Yes. If it works and you like it, ride it.
Pretty sure there's studio rental in Austin (Texas, of course) where you can pay a flat rate per hour and get access to screen burning equipment. Madeatcraft.com Aspco.org Industryprintshop.com Hopefully, one of these places is still running.
This doesn't feel old to me, since I was in high school when the wall came down. Of course, I feel old in general, so...
If that's birth control, you straight gonna get preggo.
Did you just ask a loaded question so you could say racist shit? I just asked a rhetorical question so I could call you racist, so it's highly possible.
Tricks? Nah, you need *habits*. Good sleep habits will get you zzzz's on a regular basis. Habits like: don't eat too soon before bed. Limit electronics time before bed. Figure out how many hours you need to get caffeine out of your​ system, and don't drink anything in that time period. Reasonable hydration, but don't chug before bed. I like reading books or my Kindle as that's more relaxing than television. I also like white noise or some drone style binaural beats for mediation to drown out city sounds. If you have the luxury, set exact times and motions that you can go through every night to get your body set on a regular schedule. Sleepy time teas, melatonin, Valerian extract or pills are all helpful if the behaviors alone aren't helping. Benadryl (diphenhydramine) can help knock you out and the hot pink pills are the same as Zzzqyl. Other people mentioned weed, and I found that high cbd strains versus high thc strains are great for body relaxation... High THC can actually make you more anxious. This may vary wildly for different people, and also it's hard to shop in places where it's not legal.
I'll throw zenni.com into the mix as well. I've used them for about 5 pairs so far, and have had no problems. I too have fairly bad eyesight, so there is a level in which you'll get a mark-up for extra thick lenses, but it is still hundreds cheaper than going to the eye doctor.
It's the idea that "a man's home is his castle," sort of. (Might be a bad analogy.) If you are in danger in public, the general consensus is to move to safety first, if possible, before taking more drastic action. If you are in your own home, where exactly are you supposed to go? You've retreated as far as the law expects. That grants you a more comprehensive right to self-defense, which is still NOT carte-blanche to waste anyone, but allows leeway.
If the gods count that as a sacrifice, it just might be.
I assume its for the same reason people wear jerseys for sports they don't play.
I found a copy of this on CD while dumpster diving during university trash week (the post-move out dump after graduation...). It was a great find.
Insomnia. Or working third shift. Both have their drawbacks.
I read somewhere that's exactly where it came from. It's not in the wikipedia entry, though, and I can't remember where i first saw that nugget of info. I guess it'll stay unsubstantiated... for now.
I was hoping it would be stacked in the order of the old Big Mac song, but no such luck there. (Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun...)
The entirety of The Vapors "New Clear Days" is waaaaay better than you'd think after listening to "Turning Japanese." The follow up album, "Magnets," is also pretty good.
Rew went from this to "Walking on Sunshine?" Whoa.
Bells had made it to distributors in Texas just one month before we moved here to Seattle. Those few weeks were full of Two Hearted. I feel your pain. There's good beer around, but not having access to Bell's or 3 Floyds makes me sad.
I eat mine right-side up, but put it on my plate upside-down. When buns are sliced, they consider something called the "shred line." It's there point on a bun where, if sliced any lower, the bread would just shred and crumble.
A quick Google search shows that ammonium chloride is used for a lot of animal and fertilizing reasons, making fairly easy to get at about $8 a pound. Looks like a easy project to try, if you have a heat gun. I wonder if an iron would work as well?
There's a few good videos on YouTube about narcan administration, including the "sternum rub" to test for OD versus other reasons someone might be unconscious. Basically, you just squirt it up there, and it helps. Barely breathing, I think it still gets enough in there. If you couple it with rescue breathing, it probably gets in there better.
Okie Dokie Man! He's.... alright, I guess!
That's cute, but man... I don't know about every bearded dragon, but mine hates those little fruit cereal looking foods. Also, those are way too big for that tiny guy to eat. I hope they get better food! Maybe you could buy that little buddy and feed him right! Beardies are great!
Yellow Ford Mustang. License plate: WU STANG.
Of those little nuggets? There are. Some are specific for smaller beardies, but they are still mostly wheat/grain. The best choice is fresh bugs, like mealworms, and a little salad chopped up really small for his tiny mouth.
That's a moiré!
Gotcha! I know that the flowers are the stuff in my bowl, but I'm a total noob on terminology.
Shit inside a traffic cone.
Well-groomed is defined by the place you work, not by the internet. Look at least as good as the worst dressed person there, if not better.
Dear kids, If you're going to break the law, try and only break one at a time. If you're transporting drugs and alcohol (especially across state lines), for fuck's sale drive sober and slowly. Sincerely, A grown-up.
If he wasn't eating all those Pop Rocks, he might not have slid out.
Make sure it's not leaking underneath, or seeing around the spout since that will cause corrosion. It's also a fairly easy fix, if it's infuriating to you like it would be to me.
I don't actually know a lot about this model, especially since it has an external 12v power supply with an XLR connection. I'm currently looking for any links to manuals or leads on cheaper power supplies! I found replacement belts on eBay already, but the AC adapters are kinda expensive for something that might not work.
Thanks, that's good info! That's what I'm looking for.
It's an annoying ad campaign for Orange Fitness. I've seen it in other cities as well, so I assume it's a cooperate decision. It is a waste of bikes, and looks terrible.
I think this song is the worst song on that album... The rest of it is so freaking solid! It's fantastic power pop, and worth checking out.
It's generally looked down upon. The main reason being that lower-income people get pushed out of a living situation without a whole lot of options. The people who profit from pushing poor people around are generally rich property developers. This is really problematic in neighborhoods that are traditionally made up of minorities... Such as the Mission District in San Fransisco, East Austin, and the Central District in Seattle. All of these places were cheap, which attracted artists and other creative types who improved it to their needs, and made them generally "cooler." People with money noticed that cool things happened in these places, and swooped in with new buildings and businesses and pushed out the traditional and long-standing businesses and people. I don't know about the minority population in San Fransisco, but I know in both Austin and Seattle they are in decline because people simply can't afford rents spiking into the $2- 5k range.
Happy Pride from Seattle!
Most Goodwill's will have a plug you can use. Might want to bring your own earphones and a 1/4 to 1/8 inch adapter plug. Bring a tape that you know is in great condition as a sample. As far as brands? Even some of the best brands have some cheap models. Look for features like multiple Dolby settings, adjustable recording level, and maybe a power line pass through (maybe? I say that because I feel that nicer decks are made to be a part of a shelf system, and should be set to plug in series for power).
Towards the back, there's a little foot peg. You just jog a little to get up to speed, use the peg and jump up to the seat. It's sort of like getting on and off a tall bike. I rode a smaller high-wheeler like that once, and starting and stopping isn't the hardest part. The hardest part is getting used to the front wheel turning, which makes your legs and hips go with it. It feels crazy!
"I musta drank me about fifteen Dr Peppers."
Earphone plugs are generally 1/8 inch sized. The larger one (like you might find on vintage headphones) are 1/4 inch. There's an adapter to take your tiny plug and make it fit a bigger hole. They shouldn't cost more than a few dollars.
I'm putting off my midlife crisis until I'm 70. That way, I'll live until I'm 140.
So you showed up 24 hours and ten minutes early?
Oh, I lived right over from Uptown in East Dallas. There are a good amount of shared lanes getting around neighborhoods like Uptown or Deep Ellum but not a great amount of separated lanes. Getting from some place like Uptown to Bishop Arts, there were a really solid amount of separated lanes. You can get from near Uptown to the trails around White Rock Lake and stay off of roads almost entirely. I've just been dealing with traffic myself and sharing almost every available road. I know that's not for everyone, but it's just been what I've done in every major city I've lived in over the past decade or so. Dallas wasn't that much more intimidating than anywhere else, provided you ride smart and pick the right roads. Good luck in Dallas!
Since people not from Austin might see this, I just wanna say that Kick Butt Coffee looks the most like a dive bar than any other coffee shop I've ever been in. Don't know anything about these bands, though.
Can you even find it outside of Chicago? I don't think it's permeated the rest of the US.
It's a weird mix. Meeting people on common ground or taking with business owners and staff made it seem like everyone was just peachy. The flip side of this being other customers and, like you said, drivers. There was something about the cowboy lookalikes and their big haired wives that were just snooty as hell. I think they are referred to as the $50,000 millionaires. Little money with big money attitudes. And forget ever having a pleasant experience shopping or dining around them. As for drivers? Jeeebus Crimmas. Tailgating, speeding, never seen a turn signal in their lives, giant ass trucks taking over lanes with abandon... There ARE nice people in Dallas. I met a lot of them and had a... reasonable time living there. I wouldn't move back, though.
I like everything but my tan lines, but tanning is dumb. Also, the sports I like (cycling, mainly) just keep reinforcing the dark arms and pale pale chest.
Yep! It's recreationally legal here in Washington, and (as far as I know) it's been without major problems. Plus, with it being so easy to get, you can actually pick and choose strains that *are* helpful medically without the additional expense of a doctor's visit. Or, you can just blow your mind with something high potency and watch cat videos. Either way, it's cool.
Wait, do you want to *not* eat at home before riding, or are you planning on eating, snacking on the ride, and then having a shake? You can do "fasting rides," but generally that's a part of training. It gets your body geared toward using your stores of energy (fat) instead of relying on you have eaten... But one of the keys to that is not pushing yourself too hard while doing that. I imagine 20km should take you 45 minutes to an hour, depending on traffic. I think it's possible, but it might not be comfortable. Personally, I'd eat breakfast. Maybe some overnight oatmeal, the kind you don't boil? Or just a bowl of cereal and a banana. Just enough to get going so you don't bonk on the ride.
This idea definitely fits in with "why isn't there a White pride day, White history month, blah blah..." Historically, nobody's been persecuted for being straight and white, especially if you're Protestant.
At 42, the only thing I'm too old for is a mohawk. Damn you, receding hairline! I did just pull a 20 year old Crucifix patch from the sewing kit for my latest jacket.
Last South By, he climbed to the top of The Grackle while playing. It was great.
Even during the massive Brood X hatching from a few years back, I did not see one shedding. It was only last year that I saw a freshly hatched little buddy, before his wings had even expanded.
[Here's a video](https://youtu.be/P5O5V7-PcLE) of a badly played down with a lot of lateral passes. If you'll notice, once they are past the line of scrimmage (the blue line) they only pass the ball sideways or backwards.
Oh yeah. I would ride my bike at night and get a half dozen hitchhikers on my shirt.
Uhhh, I need gluten free green tea. Caffeine free, too. I get nervous.
Holding back a German shepherd by the collar as she snapped her jaws at me until I could get to the end of her rope. The scariest thing was that she didn't bark or growl once, she went straight to trying to bite. She bit a lot of people, including putting a football sized bruise on the thigh of a contractor.
I know it depends on the brand, but generally it's a thin fleece. Mine are really comfy, like pants on the outside but pajamas on the inside. It doesn't feel bulky at all.
I've got a couple with big ol' chunks missing from the plastic case. I also have one that got so tangled that in the middle of one song, it plays the song from the other side in reverse before twisting back to the right way.
Tell that to Viserys Targaryen.
I'm a prostitute robot from the future!
To be fair, that's probably what the handlebars look like on the bikes parked outside. Don't call 'em "bum bars" for nothing.
My wife's wedding march was to an instrument Neil Young song, and our first dance was to "Just Like Honey" by Jesus and Mary Chain. The lyrics aren't really about "eternal devotion" it anything, we just both love that song. I feel like I missed out not asking for "I Would Die 4 U" by Prince, though.
I've been working my way down through the guides on my clippers for the past few years, from 1/2 inch down to 1/8. Finally decided to go guide-less and I'm not looking back. There main reason I don't go down to the skin is just that it's more work.
I got an Arcteryx Atom jacket. It's light for a winter coat, but I was using it as a shell for cycling in winter. It's made of... Nylon? I have a couple of things by them, Mountain Hardware, and Outdoor Research. Pricey, but sturdy. When I find things like those brands, Columbia or Patagonia at Goodwill, I always give it a good once over even if it's something I don't need right away. If they look properly cared for, it might be worth setting aside.
Fuck yeah, HEB! Also, what an I going to do when it's summer and I can't get a St Arnold's Lawnmower? Why did I moved away?!
[Oh, yee!](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/016/362/tumblr_nb7jgq9kcR1slfxluo1_1280.jpg)
The greenhouse idea is tops! I like the greenhouse, even as a guy that doesn't care much about plants I'm not about to eat. There is also the open nights of the observatory and the Union always had a couple of pinball games and bowling. Some nights are blacklight bowling, and the games are cheap. McCalla will have art shows later in the semester, and I don't know the status of the art museum since I don't live in town anymore. But when it's open, it's good.
Number 8 is definitely my "uh oh" moment, as in "uh oh, that's one beer too far."
That's the wonderful combo of hair and dirt. Tan line? Nah, it's a Grime Line.
I call my wife's car "Fancy Car." It's a company car, and it's pimped out with all the extras. So nice. I don't like her driving but I love riding in Fancy Car.
First, if you like drawing, keep doing it and don't stop. Draw hundreds of pictures. Thousands, even. You'll improve (and this is NOT a bad start, because it's looking pretty good). You might not get better with every drawing, but it will improve overall. Plus, it's fun! Second, if you *really* like drawing try to learn about drawing as you practice. There's tons of books about every style of drawing, tons of YouTube videos, and as many art classes as you can stand. Basically, practice makes you better, and learning techniques and tips helps you practice more effectively so your practice sticks in your brain better.
To be fair, bees vomit into each other's mouths over and over until it becomes honey. Maaaaaybe people aren't eating and re-vomiting into each other's mouths enough... Yet.
Like hell we don't. I'm always thanking him every time I get laid. "Oh, God... Oh God.."
I like lining them up on the floor and watching my little dude chomp them down like a little Pac Man.
I believe you are correct.
Me at Golden Corral.
Sorry, but I can't see the dog. Could you slide over a little?
A quick tappy tap of the Google ("replacement cassette belts") brought up tons of eBay sales with 30 to 60 various sized belts. They were all less than $2, so even if you get the wrong one, it's cheap.
The first ingredient in fish food is fish meal. That fish didn't get mealed.
I think, depending on where your loan originates, they might require an inspection. My wife and I are on our third home (loooooong story with lots of moving), and this is the first one that the bank didn't mandate an inspection. Still got one, though. It's worth the couple hundred bucks to have someone kick the tires. Our inspector did things we wouldn't have thought to do, like run *all* the taps at the same time to spot leaks or crank the heat up all the way to spot faulty radiators. That, and it automatically creates a "to-do list" of home repair that you can prioritize to suit your needs.
/r/sbubby
I want to say they were kwikset brand. It comes with a little tool/pin that you insert with the original key. Turn it 45 degrees, insert new key, take out pin and you're done. Got the entire house (with deadbolts) down to one key.
I made mine. Jigsaw, scrap boards, dowels, and some glue. It's not really pretty, but I plan on making a better one soon. He does like it, and that's what matters.
I find that a heavily sarcastic "Wow, never heard *that* one before!" followed by chuckling like Goofy (hyuck hyuck hyuck!) usually shuts people up. My problem is that my last name is the same as someone moderately famous, so I get the "any relation?" anytime someone checks my ID. Just getting it on both ends.
I kinda have two. First: Leave it better than you found it. This is great for things like my job, where I share a desk and office with others. I try not to leave a mess. This gets hard in places like public restrooms, and there's things I won't do... But I can always pick up a few extra paper towels, change out the TP, and make sure I didn't leave any shit splatters. Second: You can always be the first to do the right thing. Same vein, different circumstances. As a person sharing a planet with billions, you can always take the lead in doing something positive to help and benefit others.
I moved from Dallas to Seattle, where they've just started another round of dockless bike sharing. I think the first business collapsed with lack of use, but now there are three competing companies. Personally, I haven't used them but I still love the idea. They are cheap, always nearby (especially near campus), and really robust for the abuse they get. Some people here hate hate *hate* them, and there's photos of bikes in the lake, bikes in trees, bikes getting thrown off bridges... Lots of complaints here on Reddit about them being an "eyesore," but it's Reddit, and people complain about everything. But damn, you can park 30 bikes in the space for two cars and parking is a constant nightmare. My question is, other than across Deep Ellum, where are people going to use them? Lots of people don't like urban riding.
When did the bike shares move in? I just left Dallas in April, and I was doing regular rides around the lake right up to the day we left. I'm not surprised that they wound up in the lake, though. There's no limit to jerks when others aren't looking.
Needs the boots with the fur. The whole club were be lookin' at her.
Wait. When the Queen sneezes, do people say "God save you?" That would be great.
Dirty Sixth Street, Austin Texas. Pizza there is ok, but that strip of road is abysmally full of party bros. If you go back, go to Casino El Camino or the Jackalope. East Sixth is a bit better, with places like the Yellow Jacket or the Grackle where they have punk DJs on certain Fridays.
Super Mario 2. That's the first thing that popped into my head; "The Princess can fly!" Go back to Hoth, she'll be great on the ice level.
Oh, well... Do you think the Thing's dork is made out of orange rock like the rest of his body?
Anything by Mary Roach. *Stiff, Gulp, Bonk...* It's approachable facts and interviews about various gross things. They are very entertaining.
Austin? I'm guessing Austin.
Ex-local, but I miss the hell out of it. I had some good guides when I lived there.
Went from Austin to Dallas the October before last, and Seattle last April. We're just trying to find the most expensive cities to live in. (Ha ha!)
Spray adhesive might work ok. The main thing I would be careful of would be pulling it off after spraying. The wax is going to keep the paint from drying on the paper compared to a card stock which would soak it up. Why don't you cut a simpler stencil on another sheet of freezer paper and try that out on some scrap? That way, you can see the results with just a little extra work.
Maybe? I've never tried it. It's worth a test shot.
Fireworks? No, that's just my knees popping when I squat down. It's only embarrassing when I'm at a store.
Everything? Everything.
Before the internet, I discovered bands by watching skate videos. (This was even before Tony Hawks Pro Skater.) Found out about all sorts of punk and indie hip hop. After that, I would read liner notes from the records I bought to see what bands those guys thanked and liked. I would then buy those records. I would also stay up super late at night in the weekends and watch "120 Minutes" and "Headbangers Ball," and made VHS tapes of bands I liked from there. This led me into the culture of trading mix tapes through the mail, reading zines, and occasionally just buying something random because I liked the cover. Keep in mind, I lived in the rural South. There was no counter culture, just rednecks and the occasional hippie. I still don't like the Grateful Dead.
Because I buzz the rest of my head down to stubble, it acts like beanie Velcro and really holds that hat on tight. No amount of wind is going to steal my hat!
I've always wondered...when you sprayed those, could you hold up a lighter and make a little flame thrower? I'll bet you could.
I'm tall, but I suck at basketball. I got *absolutely schooled* on a playground court by a 14 year old. I wasn't even mad, because I was too impressed.
Do to think they are just the ones you notice *because* they are so loud and annoying? Maybe the chill Americans don't draw as much attention to themselves, so you think they are Canadian.
Oh, I think the cruise ships have something to do with it. They're like a floating Golden Corral (if that makes sense to a Kiwi), so you get the same sort of population. When we went to Puerto Rico, we avoided the areas around the docks just to not deal with "those types." You know, the kind that fly halfway around the world and get mad that there's no McDonald's. I live in a major city, and I avoid the tourist areas here too, for the same reason. The out-of-the-way neighborhoods are much nicer, and people behave more normally.
I think it was two years ago, there was a potential weather scare. Schools were cancelled due to "possible ice/snow." The morning of this deadly snow storm? Not even a single cloud, 35 degrees... It was pleasant out. Just can't handle the frozen stuff.
I ate dinner once with indie rockers Matt and Kim. I didn't know who they were because they were introduced to me backwards. Also, Dave Foley yelled at me about missing his opportunity with Uma Thurman, but that was during his bit so it might not count. I'm sure he yelled at lots of people in lots of front rows.
Meowtini? Meowlot? Meownhattan?
I always give a cute little smirk before dislocating both of my hips.
I have a personalized coozie. Actually, I have a bag of coozies and have brought six packs to parties with each beer snugged up. Keeps them cooler in my backpack.
I like this. I have shot guns in the past, and I want to have a basic knowledge of them just as a "tool," I guess... But learning archery or wrist rockets (sling shots) or even knife throwing has a nerd appeal I can't deny. I took archery at community college for a phys ed class decades ago, and I still remember how fun it was.
75% of my pants are black jeans. Problem solved? Really, I have only experienced stains from grime on the saddle and not the dye itself, and this is across a lot of saddles from El cheapo to fairly nice. Do you get wet or possibly damp on enough to cause dye migration?
That coat matches my couch exactly. Doggo would love it.
This can be included on road trips if you are on a tight budget. Bring a bowl for ramen or Pot Noodles. Stop at a gas station and hit up the coffee maker for free hot water. Eat. If the station isn't crowded, and the clerk knows you're not stealing noodles, they probably won't care about you taking hot water... Especially if you aren't rude about it.
Are you trying to turn him into a Karma Chameleon?
I'll offer a positive story. I started on a super low dose to combat insomnia and depression. (My doctor and I shared stories about learning to operate being generally anxious as a personality trait, and that aspect is mostly under my control minus the odd panic attack.) I bumped from 12.5 mg to 25, then to 50, which is what I'm currently on. This is on the low end, and I know some folks have to deal with dosages up to 125/150 mg. I like it. After the first few months of adjustment, my sleep was way better and I felt more in control of my mood swings and snappiness at home. I tolerate it well, and during a short time when I ran out I could compare how I felt. I prefer being on it. I don't think I'll have to take it forever, and don't plan on it, but for now it works. I drink less, and I do smoke some pot since it's legal here. I'm not a die-hard stoner, so I haven't noticed any bad effects between the two and I know that it's better than alcohol. Will it work for you? Dunno. It'll take a couple months of experience to tell, but my prescribing doc was willing to let me dabble with dosage (up to a point, of course) until I felt my best. Hopefully, you're working with someone as supportive.
Oh, fuck yes. It would totally work on instant oatmeal packets or quick oats. I don't know if it would work on traditional or steel cut oats, but if it does, someone let us know! I love steel cut oats.
Is that the French Quarter? Jackson Square?
I'm going James K Polk as a dark horse to win.
I think his Addison's disease would take him out of the running.
Yeah, that's what I mean when I say they are gnarly. I've heard the stories, and I've seen them up close and know how big they really are. I'm not hating on your stance, I know it's a hard deal. I want to imagine that guy is frustrated and is taking it out on them. But, then again, there are people out there that do this sort of thing on purpose without cause. That's why I hate the video. You can't tell, and someone might use it to fuel their own asshole behaviour. Of course, real assholes don't need encouragement.
You gotta put it in a closed container. If there is a restaurant with a grease dumpster, you could ask if they will take it. Or just sneak it in there, if you're a risk taker. If not, it goes in the garbage. In a sealed container. Unless you have a local resource for oil and grease recycling. One more thing, I have heard of people clarifying frying oil with gelatine (you can Google the process) to reuse it. I don't know if it holds flavor. That can be a good or bad thing.
I'm not going to (and not trying to) hassle you, but I am going to throw this question at you... Why *can't* gender be non binary? I'm not talking about sex organs. I know, for the most part, you essentially get two choices in that arena, and those born in-between with both are a small minority. Why should there be any "rules" or backlash against a person with a penis wanting to feel pretty, wear a dress, put on makeup and call themselves a woman some days? Or, what some would traditionally call a "Tom boy" dress tough, allow their leg and arm pit hair to grow out, and maybe even let their perfectly natural mustache hair (which a lot of women have, no matter how feminine) show with pride and not shame? Gender queer is a way of saying "hey, pink for girls and blue for boys is useless." Which, really, it is. If we're going to tell little girls they can do anything a man can, we can't add a asterisk and say "but you still have to shave your legs/wear make up/act like we think a woman should." Especially since these ideas have changed with time anyway. High heels were invented for men to use with stirrups on saddles. Pink used to be for little boys, as it's a lighter shade of red. You couldn't tell Victorian babies apart, because they all wore frilly dresses until they were 3 or 4 years old. It's forcing divisions where we don't fucking *need* them. Those divisions serve no freaking purpose, except to maintain a tradition. Sure, when folks get ready to have sex and make babies they are going to be dictated by the junk in their jeans and genes. But otherwise; haircuts, clothes, beauty ideals, jobs, even pronouns are invented and can be changed. The only thing stopping people is other people who can't relax a rule that only exists because people *won't* relax it. I'm all for it, even though I'm a dude from birth. I like whisky, power tools, and having sex with women. But some of my "male" friends wear dresses, and some of my female friends are better with power tools than me. And that's fucking awesome.
I carry a bag, not every single day, but on most work days. Usually, it's got my laptop, notebook, extra writing utensils, first aid kit. I'm looking to add narcan to this, as I work with the homeless. On the days I commute by bike, I throw in my extra tiny pack with patches, pump, multi tool, those sorts of things. Oh, and a clean shirt for the sweats.
If anyone ever questions why hippos are considered so dangerous, just show them this. Look at that mouth! Crushy crushy!
Uhhh, maybe as one time thing, but I get notes from the workers on my compost almost every week due to improper sorting. And at work, I had to pull old garbage off of our compost so they would take it. This is two different parts of town.
I feel like I hear about that a LOT in the animal kingdom. We'll just call it a "extra-late late-term abortion."
What's the sound of one hand clapping for this zinger? Ask that guy.
"The cooking room..." Uh, did he mean the kitchen?
Ha ha, you meant "cooking!" I am now evil laightering.
You don't like science, history, or beer? What the hell *do* you do for fun? There are some good eatin' spots spread around. Maybe a little antiquing or thrift shopping in Fountain Square. Walk along the canal, check out some parks. I never went out of my way to go to Indy unless there was something special going on, and it's been a decade plus since I lived there, and there's more stuff popping up all the time. But, as a former employee of the Indiana State Museum (and other museums), you'd better learn to like them! They work hard at making it awesome and relevant to that part of the country!
Yes, exactly. The State Museum and the Eitlejorg (spelling's way off on that, I know) are both pretty fun. I associate my nerdy love of science and history with a nerdy love of museums. It's where history comes alive!
I stop where my hair isn't thinning so much. Mostly just my forehead and fivehead. I don't have to go down as far, because I usually have a beard.
Reply with "solved" and that will tag it!
Oh, THAT'S the step I'm missing. I was wondering about getting all these ice cubes in my nose.
Logic "isn't allowed?" Or does he CHOOSE not to? There's a difference.
That looks like a black metal band logo. Maybe it is! Maybe it says "Dead Hairline."
Are you questioning it from an evolutionary perspective? Or are you just high? Either way, if you look at lots of mammals, especially those in the primate family (or is it genus?), most have five phalanges at the end of their arms. Even whales and dolphins have five distinct "finger" bones inside of their flippers. Bat wings are just huuuuuge hands covered in leathery skin. Why? Evolution, chance, maybe some luck made it exactly five where other animals wound up with 3 or 4 toes. And if there are any real scientists/biologists that want to correct my "facts," please do. I'm just an art school drop out who likes nature shows.
This is a good set of directions. I use those streets often biking from the CD over to U District. Lots of shared lanes or good sized streets even when there are no bike lanes. I prefer University Bridge over others, especially Montlake because of the paved lane and not having to share the sidewalk. This really is a pretty good city to ride in compared to others. I feel really comfortable here, and see other riders a whole lot more than other places I have lived.
Is it threaded inside that weird post? Is that a rubber washer along with the ridged washer? What size? I'm asking all these questions, but I don't have a clue yet. It might help someone smarter than me, though.
Gotta put that valve at the top, at 12 o' clock. Maybe let it sit for a bit, too, so the slime goops down to the bottom.
Is that Boredoms tape Memorex or TDK? I recognize that red edged label, but can't remember the brand it goes with. Pretty sure I have a stack of them somewhere, though.
Topo Chico, hands down. Hard to find in this city though. It's even worse since they closed the Red Apple on Jackson St.
On some presta valves, too. I think you can use the same tool or just needle nose pliers. I've swapped valve cores on prestas a lot.
Rumor has it, he was headed east bound and down. Loaded up and trucking. He's gonna do what they say can't be done.
That reminds me of an apartment I moved in to. Found almost an entire deck of playing cards with naked men on them, a makeshift Zorro mask under the bed... And an empty bag of frozen vegetables. Some people are just *too* kinky for my tastes.
He sings too? *Swoon.*
That's where I didn't learn how to play it! Probably shouldn't have gotten high first. I just set cards down if they seemed like a good idea. Still don't know the rules.
I don't know the real answer, but I do know that guy is a dick. "I don't know how to walk a reasonable distance from cars. It's the car owner's fault!"
Have the Grammys recognized any punk band ever? It's a scam show for pop music, not for actual talent.
I would say two. Two isn't really "so much," unless it's amount of times you were set on fire.
I was on a trail in Austin, TX and pulled up on a fellow cyclist who had stopped and was staring at something. Pulled up to help, and saw one of [these bad boys.](https://www.google.com/search?client=ms-android-motorola&amp;ei=MFdvWv74Eo_WjwPiw7eADg&amp;q=bottlenose+turtle&amp;oq=bottlenose+&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-serp.1.1.0i67k1l2j0l3.4627.9535.0.10621.11.11.0.1.1.0.270.1690.0j6j3.10.0....0...1.1j4.64.mobile-gws-serp..2.8.1351.0..46j0i10k1j0i131k1j0i46k1.198.UM4iB6HZcbQ#imgrc=1p4Bwc12aRFyOM) I had never seen one in the wild, and he was a good two to three feet long. His shell was dented in the back like he'd been run over, but was still chucking along. That beat the time a cute hippie girl passed my going uphill on a Dutch cruiser. (I was really heartbroken until I realized it was an electric bike.) Or the time some random kid asked to use Facebook in my phone to call him friends. (I let him) Or accidently following what I thought was a trail and winding up in a hobo camp. Or finding a hundred dollars in arcade tokens spilled all over the road. Pinball was great for a few months after that.
Use a light misting of spray adhesive on the stencil if you decide to spray. That will hold the edges down. After that, just sneak up on the coverage you want in very thin layers (if you're using spray paint). That will prevent running as well.
Pages to Prisoners? I don't know if it's still rolling, but it's in the building with the Ryder and Rhett skate shop. You write letters and package books for inmates looking for stuff to read. That might range from sci fi to educational materials.
I guess it would depend on how handy you are. You could get aluminium tubing, a MIG welder, a small lawnmower motor, and nylon cloth. Oh, and wheelbarrow wheels fit takeoffs and landings, some motorcycle parts and steel cable for throttle and steering... Don't forget the propellor. (Actually, I could only find prop propellors. Might have to order some woodworking tools and build one.)
Those welds look about one wheelie away from failure.
I still want to inflate a blow up doll with helium because of that video.
Somewhere a Mohawk was cut off, a studded jacket went into the back of the closet, and all those tapes wound up at Goodwill. Sad day, indeed.
Uh, plants don't have a nervous system. That's plant veins, also known as venation. Plant cells can transmit impulses through their cells, but don't have a separate system like animals.
100mg? That's a cup of coffee or a large soda. Not much for someone like me who drinks way too much coffee, but if you don't it'll get to you.
"This Fourth of July sucks! I hate America!" Or, when I am cooking: "Or-eh-GAHN-oh? What the hell?"
Cast iron skillet. We have three, and I love them. The best are the ones from my grandmother who probably bought them in the 50s. Thousands of pancakes have been cooked in those, because my grandfather and I shared a love of pancakes.
I've done some pretty radically different things before landing where I am. It's an adjustment period, but something you learned in every job might be helpful in the new one.
Nope. As someone else said, being handicapped puts a person in a protected class. Closer spots, ramps, and other such things are required by law to prevent discrimination or lack of access to places by people with difficult mobility. To get a license plate or hanging tag to use those spots, you have to prove disability to a government agency (the DMV). If you have any outlined spaces to park (essentially if your parking lot has lines), there is a legal requirement that a portion are handicapped accessable. There is no real choice in that matter. Now, a pro motorcycle business can put added spaces if they'd like for the reasons you listed. They do not HAVE to, it's purely optional.
I actually had one and grew it. Here's what happened... The lower parts grew well, but because it wasn't kept full 100% of the time, the top chia seedlings dried out. It was ok.
That's so crazy it just might work! Or might not. The water soaks through the unglazed pottery, but I don't know if it would have enough capillary action to pull it upwards of it was sitting in something. Maybe something that extends the area for water? Like a tiny bottle put into the watering hole? That way, you could add more water than would fit in the pot.
If Pop Tarts are ravioli, then a hot dog is a taco.
My friend just got rid of his. So many adventures in that van. RIP Van Drescher.
2 ounces a week? That's a LOT of money, unless they grow their own...
I agree with Athletic Nerd. Yes, you should go for it. A good Craigslist find won't set you back that far, and after getting a bike, lights, helmet, and lock, the average price per trip for less than 2 miles will be pennies. Literally, pennies. You won't even have to eat more to make that trip easy, and it really would only take 20 minutes at the most. The big bonus is that you might love it, and we'll get another cyclist on the road.
As a former sort-of Hoosier, this is fucking sick. As a former screen printer, holy shit they needed a larger screen. I can't imagine trying to pull with stuff that tight.
I don't know about hotels, but my friend's came to town and Air BnB'd a night on a yacht. It sounded awesome, and they liked it. As far as pot shops, whichever one is closest to where you're staying. There are some awesome ones, but it's barely worth it to drive all over town, especially with the I5 being closed all weekend. I haven't been to a bad shop yet. Maybe some have more selection, but everyone is super friendly.
Oh, you would have hated it when we were on the interstate and the rear door came open. We had about ten people in the van, with all the bench seats out and we were all on the floor. Fun times!
Not me, but my friend had someone die in the jack booth on their shift. They quit pretty soon afterwards.
We were actually making plans to go to Memphis and see Big Star when Alex Chilton passed away. I know it would not have the same magic without Chris Bell, but I was willing to take what I could get. There's so much genius in their music that even dealing with age would have been worth it to see live. Some aging rock stars still have it. Cheap Trick were awesome last time I saw them. Roky Erickson had to sit down and play, but his voice was still great. Napalm Death were fucking awesome, despite being around since the late 80s. Barney was a one man mosh pit on stage, and I was floored. Heck, even old power pop star Paul Collins (from the Nerves and the Beat) was fun, even though he sounds a lot more gravelly than he used to in the 80s. Plus, he came to our place for a barbecue, and was super down to earth.
Some nights, when I've had a few, I'll watch a bunch of Twisted Sister videos on YouTube. Always an excellent choice.
Actually, that's about right. I don't know if it was before or after, but it was a heart attack.
"Lorraine, my density had brought me to you..."
It was a bit of work, but I took off the fabric cover, added a 1/8 plywood base, and put the cover back on over it so I could haul my dog and groceries. The covers tend to be screwed on and it was easy to do, it just took time. It didn't add a significant amount of weight, but it did prevent the trailer from folding up. My dog never did like it.
True, but that project cost me all of $20. The trailer was a Craigslist score, and the wood was left over from something else.
I think I just tapped a few extra holes in the frame. Nothing so large it would damage the structure, but enough to get some bolts through. I wish I didn't have to leave it behind for our move. I haven't found another trailer for less than $50 here.
That stamp costs $20, so it will take at least $40 for someone to make this point accurately. I guess if that's what you wanna spend money on. If anyone wants to mail me $20 and a picture of the White House with that written on it instead, that will save you half of your money. EDIT: Thanks for enlightening me to my flawed logic about the general cost of this item. I might be dumb, but this stamp is still dumberer.
I started jotting notes and keeping them in the picture holders for wallets. Keeps it tidy, and it's harder to sweat on.
I know this might not exist everywhere, but I worked for a program for foster teens who were about to become adults. They either didn't want to deal with foster families anymore, were removed from their homes very late in age, or were too "problematic" for the foster families to deal with. It was a group living situation with 24/7 staff support, therapy and counseling, and in-program school to supplement or replace traditional schooling. They became eligible at 17 (or 16 provided they were relatively mature and capable), and could sign on for extended care until they turned 21. It was pretty awesome. We had a few that couldn't hack it for various reasons, but a lot of successes. The state offered free tuition to anyone in foster care, so quite a few graduated and went on to college. There were also supportive housing programs for kids up until 24 if they still needed some guidance past that point. One of my former co-workers went on to try and start an organization to introduce foster kids with no families (or families they didn't want contact with) to willing "mentor" families so they would have a place to go for holidays and other special occasions. I miss a lot of my clients from that job because they were awesome people, and the ones I've kept up with are doing great.
Is that a Mosaic IPA? Or the Public House? I miss those beers.
Oh my!
Not taking advantage of the free stuff in college. I was an art major, and we had a full wood shop, small metal foundry, pottery studio, full print shop, and tons of other studio space. I could have learned to cast metal! Weld! I could have built things! Done giant sculptures! But nope. I was lazy and distracted, and got by with the bare minimum. I have been working on adding those skills I could have had at that point into my life now. Lots of building and creating to make up for lost time.
Sounds great, and I do love a solid lager! Maybe with some luck I'll be back in Texas later this year to get my hands on it.
That's looks to be it. The plastic plugs on the ends are super familiar to summer time firecracker wars from years past.
So, here's my take on it. If I went to work and made a shitty joke in front of everyone... Or if I made a shitty joke and someone taped it and showed it to my boss, I'd get fired. Could I blame it on people being "too sensitive?" Yeah, but that's not the point. The boss knows about it, they didn't like it, and I'm canned. The problem isn't that NOFX made a shitty tasteless joke. That part is perfectly ok. They've being doing it for years, and anyone that was there should really not expect anything less. At least, anyone that's had any idea who they are for the past... What, 25-30 years? The problem is that they were at "work," made some customers mad, and the bosses found out. "But but but... It's a *punk show!*" I can hear you saying to yourself, "it's not like a JOB job!" Sorry, dawg. As soon as any band signs a contract with CORPORATE SPONSORS, the sponsors become THE BOSS. If Stone Brewing is footing the bill and putting their name on the cans, posters, t shirts, underwear, or whatever else they are selling, they are THE BOSS. If it's split between Fat Wreck and Stone, then the business partnership ended when the backlash began, and obviously Fat Wreck didn't have enough clout to keep them on the bill without Stone's say-so. That's *business.* It didn't have to be a joke about shooting victims. It could have been about the beer, the head brewer's ugly dog, or even if they wore the wrong shirt. It's *business.* If business suffers, folks get fired. That's why punk was supposed to be DIY (you remember... Do It Yourself?) in the first fucking place; so bands didn't have to answer to any corporations. You could argue about feelings, the First Amendment (which you do NOT want to get me started on, especially if you don't like me now), and how punk is supposed to shock and offend, circle your A's spike your hair and jacket and whatnot... Doesn't matter. They got hired by Stone to play music and sell beers. They said some shit that might mean Stone would sell less beers, so they got fired. Don't like it? Don't support corporate rock. If your band doesn't want to deal with stuff like that, don't get a corporate sponsor. Keep it DIY, and you'll only have to answer to yourselves.
The best part about drinking in the bathroom of a child's party is that you can leave beer cans all over, and they'll think a kid did it.
Am I too late for the party? I had a guy ask me for a specimen cup as I was passing by. Naturally, I asked what it was for. "Uh, semen samples..." and gave me a big eye roll like *I* was the weird one. Of course, this WAS in the psych ward, so everyone was crazy. This request was particularly crazy, if you can believe it.
My mother officiated my brother's wedding. She was a pastor at the time, and he wouldn't have it any other way. I know that's a different case, as she would not have had a role otherwise. (I don't think... Best man, mother of the bride, maid of honor, can't think of what groom's mom would do.) It was small and casual.
Who would have thought? Drunk people. Drunk people would have thought.
I need that TV, an Atari 2600 with Pac Man, and a mixing bowl of Captain Crunch. Oh, and Transformer pajamas. Then it would be childhood all over again.
2 minutes on Google tells me that you can make cheap lighters refillable with a thumbtack hole in the bottom. Of course, if you can't afford new lighters, can you afford to smoke?
Does any part of that look like it would hold a gouge? It looks like the arms move on a 1:1 basis (not making movements bigger or smaller, but at the exact same size range), and it's hella beefy. I'm thinking it's for following templates on a router? That is, if it can hold a tool. Maybe the worn shiny part is for the tool rest? Edit: lathe. Lathe. Why did I say router?
Maybe they got caught before writing "death before..."
Y'know how things are "over the top?" This movie never runs out of tops to be over. Then it's over.
Keep in mind, too, that some amber "artifacts" are faked. This is going to be what you'll find for sale, not what's mentioned in scientific articles. But, like others said, bugs get stuck. There were a lot more trees back then. More trees, more sap. More sap, more stuck buggies.
I do. If it wasn't for the unrestrained kinky weirdos, being gay might still be a crime. Those people who are REALLY OUT helped break the inertia that kept the more restrained homosexuals in the closet. I'm more for pride parades than I am something like Mardi Gras, where people don't even know it's based around a religious event. They just want booze and titties. If they get booze and titties, then the LGBTQ community gets dildos... And also booze.
It's so weird how people think women HAVE to have hair. I buzz my hair down about twice a week, and I love it. It's so simple, easy, and looks fine. When my wife did it, it was a relief not to have so much hair in the sink, and she was totally cute. She still is, but her hair being shorter than mine wasn't weird to me at all, and I liked her soft fuzzy noggin. I'm all for girls with shaved heads.
Did you tell him "I say, I say, I say, quit PESTERING me, boy!" in a Foghorn Leghorn voice? If not, I'm disappointed.
The danger is what makes it great.
So... Lie? I don't like the idea of reinforcing dishonesty to just get by. Those kind of lessons DO stick, even if you think a child is too young to remember. Set limits in simple direct language. Use age and action-appropriate consequences. Constantly and consistently teach lessons in emotional regulation as the child grows. And just know sometimes you gotta ride a tantrum out.
Out of all the major cities in the US, I would bet there has to be at least one good Texas barbecue place in NYC. It's probably hiding in some hole in the wall somewhere unhip.
Uh, reheated pasta isn't that great. Unless you know a trick to reheating it I don't. In that case, please share!
Gotcha. In that case, you're totally right. Sauce gets boss overnight.
They both get a lot of hate over worse bands mostly because they are the most famous of things people don't like. Lesser known bands get less hate because they aren't as well known. Nickleback especially because they are not musically untalented, they just make the musical equivalent of a mayonnaise sandwich on white bread. It does the job, but it's not especially creative. It's just filler. ICP gets hate because the only thing people hate more than trashy folks are PROUD trashy folks. That's their whole bit.
Or those metal reusable filter baskets. A good trip into the dishwasher occasionally, and you can get thousands of cups out of it versus buying filters and wasting paper.
Especially if he's pressing wild flowers and eating scones.
Maybe because the payoff is better? You can't get $15,000 on the black market for a kick in the nuts, at least not in this economy.
When's the album dropping?
Thank you. I especially agree about the "gateway" statement. Yes, a person would be better served getting in-person or maybe in-patient treatment and therapy, but a lot of folks are nervous about being thought of as "crazy," or think that having to spend time in psych treatment will mean being surrounded by "crazy" people who are dangerous. Or that the worst of the events they see in TV are real (shock treatment, getting tackled by orderlies, etc.) And people with depression bad enough aren't motivated to do positive things, and can even be depressed enough to not even leave the house. A hotline is a great start in these cases. And, as I do in these threads, I can tell you that spending time in the hospital for psych treatment isn't that bad. It's uncomfortable, mostly boring, very safe, but it's all worth it for attentive treatment to keep you alive. I worked on the crisis psych unit at a hospital, only seven beds for the most troublesome and dangerous patients, and any bad events only really involved one person acting out of control and were taken care of quickly by a group of trained staff. No one else was in harm's way, and no one acting in a safe and normal manner would get any rough treatment.
I used mine in the womb.
Man, I miss having a mohawk occasionally. I had a few here and there years ago. But now I see why I can never go back.
"I'm a God of War, and that's ok..."
The good ol' Neapoli-Tan! Considering where it is, it could be a Knee-apoli-tan. (I never could quit while I was ahead.)
😊😊😊
What you just listed off is exactly what I try to help people with at work. I don't know where you live or your age, but if you don't live in the boonies, you can get a job. Or maybe two, if you have a surplus of time. It will suck exponentially, but it doesn't have to be forever. There are also housing programs, some attached to shelters some not. Again, not the best. My shelter requires attendance at meetings and cooperation with chores, disallows guests, and even if you're 21 you can't have booze. But we have leads on housing (and people like me helping you fill out applications), it's a free roof over your head, and we have GED programs and sources for college entry, clothing, and other things to get you what you need. If you are in any larger city (or near one) call 211. That's a resource for homeless and runaways. Look into long term shelters and transitional programs for folks trying to get off the street. It's something you can accomplish. It's going to be hard work to get there, but it can be done if you set your priorities in the right spots.
As long as they have the paper stick, it's ok. The ones with the plastic stick and the cotton that falls off when you look at it wrong can get to the dumpster.
Since this is Seattle, you're probably right!
Levi's, but they are pushing it a little bit. Found the 508s were just right, they got discontinued and replaced with 522. Then those get axed and subbed out with 502s. They are...ok, but not the perfect fit I used to get. I haven't found any other jeans brand with such a variety of fits, or I would consider switching altogether. Or I could learn to sew, but I already have too many projects lined up.
Thigh don't you like my jokes?
Oh, I know. My stretch ones were perfect for bike commuting and suffered for it. Crotch holes are really hard to patch! I never understood why they went with 511s for the Commuter Series when 508s had room for big thighs and tapered legs to keep them out of the chain.
What are you talking about? Haven't you ever played Super Mario 2? She's just hovering.
My HR people are quite nice, actually.
Doesn't mean she don't like what she see.
I dunno. I'm in my early 40s, and I just scaled back what I expect. If it's just a nice dinner and chill time with the dog, then I just hang out and try to be grateful to have had another year to do so. My wife told me that a co-worker of hers cried because she couldn't have her birthday off work. That seems like expectations are running a bit high there.
He was smart enough to side with the filmer to avoid a shot to the face.
&gt;I've had alcohol before (I studied abroad and I've been to a couple parties), but I've never been in a bar that wasn't primarily a restaurant. I imagine people are more civilized (and mature) at a real bar compared to a house party. &gt; Only if you're in the wrong bar, hah! It's pretty easy to find a mature bar over the party spot. Mature bars advertise choice and quality, and the music is kept at a reasonable volume. Bars for the party hardy college set advertise cheap deals and mixed drinks they sound like they are for kids. &gt;Are there any bartenders here? Any tips for me to make your fellow tenders' jobs easier? How much is expected for tips?&gt; I tip at least 15-20% on the regular, and more for great service. Maybe a bit less if all I'm ordering is overpriced cans at a show... Some places I've been mark up prices if there's live music, for some reason. I know a lot of bartenders. If it's busy, figure it all out before you get served. Nobody wants to offer opinions on well liquor if the line is backing up. I think servers and bartenders have a trick to placing orders that helps things go in order, but I can't remember the exact rules. I would try to group drinks: all draft beers together, bottles and cans together, cocktails together. That way they don't have to flip all over the place to get your things together.
I just went to IHOP, and my server had one leg. Her name? Eileen.
Flesh is flexible. M&amp;M's hard candy shell is not. (I don't actually think this, but I'll bet at least one person on the design team did.)
Where do you live? Local recommendations might be in that range, but stuff ain't universal.
Put my dog in a trailer and pull him on my bike? He freaks out and gets scared. Put him on a leash and skateboard next to him? Scared. Pick him up and carry him while rolling? Scared. Put him in a rolling basket? Scared. Shopping cart? Scared. Wheelbarrow? Scared. I think THIS might work.
My bearded dragon is tame. And I know this because of exactly how annoyed and aggressive he was after a visit to the vet. Lots of hissing, black beard (a sign of aggression, it's where they get the name), and whipping his tail around and trying to bite me. After a little while in his home tank, he was ready to be handled and bathed. Is he like my dog? No. But he knows me and reacts well to being picked up and riding on my shoulder. If that's not tame, I don't know what is.
I like this, and feel the same. I do good work and I try hard to make the world a little but better, but it's because I feel an intrinsic value in OTHERS, not in myself. I don't sit around and pat myself on the back for what I do. Really, I wish I was much better at my job and the other ways I try to help people.
I always assumed the sniffing was cover for walking around slowly until they prairie dogged to far to quit.
With my soy milk? I sure will. (I'm not vegan or even vegetarian, but I really like soy milk! So tasty!)
How to get this look: 1. Bleach your hair for that perfect summer look. 2. Go into a coma. 3. Wake up and rock whatever you got.
I appreciate your dedication to quality, but if I was filling in scantrons, I'd just use a cheap pencil. However, I would sketch for hours with that rotoring. Good stuff.
I've seen that a lot over the years. Usually it's to accommodate some camping in the back. Or, you know, a little Netflix and chill in the Shaggin' Wagon.
Can we see the drive side?
Don't worry, everyone. According to Wikipedia, Lil Pump turns 18 in August. That way, we can finally see the last of this goddamn repost.
Hurry up! Since you posted this, rent has gone up $200. Oops, $300.
Um, did you not read the comments?
Seaweed? You'll see weed for the rest of your life!
I fucking love this song in an unashamed and unabashed way. To me this is the highlight of cowbell songs, even more so than "Don't Fear the Reaper."
Do what you have to do so you get to do what you want to do. Do do do do.
"Take a pitcher, it'll last longer."
Contact the Orion Center downtown. For their young clients, I think they accept mail and hold it. You might not be a youth, but they might know of another resource for you.
Oh, you could ask that. If you're really worried about getting a "no," you could even phrase it like "maybe a beta blocker, or something similar if you have recommendations." I don't think it'll make you seem stupid. Doctors deal with a LOT, and that's not a terrible question. The thing that would set of my red flags is that benzodiazepines like diazepam can be misused, and the doctor is going to question that. There are other alternatives. One I know of off hand is hydroxyzine. It's an old school antihistamine, but has off label use as an antianxiety med. Less side effects, less chance of abuse.
Oh, I remember the days of standing next to a 350 degree oven while it was 95 degrees *inside*. Are kitchens usually air conditioned? We were screen printers in a warehouse space, and only had fans because it was cost-prohibitive to cool the entire building. I think the trade-off for the heat would be that your job was more fast-paced and hectic, and ours was just a constant grind.
Instead of winking? Seems weird, but I'll try it.
Wonder why he went with Miller Lite and not good ol' Mad Dog 20/20.
My wife's been trying to catch up on the MCU story line and has been renting the Captain America sequels, Thor, and so on. I decide to rewatch a couple after she'd gone to bed, and saw that *she didn't watch through the credits on ANY of them.* Pretty sure this is grounds for divorce.
He should get a jub so he can has a homs like the rest of us.
I've had that happen a few times. In the cases where it was my bullshit baggage or wrong-doing, I tried to get over the hurt feelings and improve myself. In the times it's been for physical things I can't really change, I've just had to own it. Especially since I've worked around teenagers. Some kids can get right nasty.
I have! We watched both Guardians movies together, and I told her about the Easter eggs.
We're both old enough to have had our own Blockbuster cards, so that reference isn't lost on me. I know because of that little red progress bar and the button that says "resume movie." Oh, and the little thumbnail of the screen with the first credit to pop up. It's an animated sequence! You're obviously supposed to watch.
Asides, crossovers, and sneak peeks are a comic book staple. Characters sometimes pop up in other books, even without dialogue or action, as a sneaky cameo. It adds continuity to the universe. I like the post-credit surprises, even if I've seen the other movies already. If I'm in the minority for that (which I don't think I am), so be it.
Then you really don't want to hear my theories about how children are 90% cartilage and cushion each other in a wreck.
At my age, that kinda looks like everyone else at punk shows now.
So it wasn't a lock?
RIP.
It's real. For a while, the audio option to level out volume was sold as a way to limit that specifically. The FCC says that no commercial can be louder than the TV show is running with, but they don't check for it.
I know I knowI know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I've heard this one before...
Turns out, he didn't do it! Bet those cops feel silly now.
I know others have commented that it can be used for art... And that's exactly what I would use it for. I've built assemblage pieces using found objects and I've also made screen prints of interpretations of found photos. It's one of my favorite things to work with. I tend to grab random photos if I see them on the street, and once bought a slide projector full of great old slides from the 70s. Usually, I work on the pics enough that they become anonymous, but given the circumstances I don't think it matters.
I hate picking favorites because I love so many... But there is one beer that's always limited to draft in and around Austin, Texas. Austin Beer Work's "Lotion in the Basket." They only put it out a couple times a year, and it's never canned or bottled. Supposedly it's their Pearl Snap just with different hops. I don't care. I love it.
Oh, they just started calling it something different. Now it's the setting for "allows you to listen to dialogue at low volumes." It still exists, but manufactures call it different things on different TV's.
That's not Prokofiev!
"Buy it nice, or buy it twice." If I'm not certain I'll use something an extensive amount, I'll get on Craigslist or hit up Goodwill or pawn shop for a deal on a quality brand. That's the only risk I'll take. I'm not going to stop in the middle of a job to run to Home Depot to replace a shit tool that broke or ruined what I am working on.
Oh man. I can't wait to tell my wife that her cooking "will make a turd."
All of them. At once.
The most frustrating the for me is the vertical shrinkage. I have at least 4 AA shirts that are perfectly fit width wise, but don't even hit the top of my pants. I kinda have a long torso, but it's not that bad.
Zero tolerance is a policy in place concerning a lot of things. Drugs, weapons, bullying, cheating... The idea is that schools are taking a "hard stance" against these issues. When misused (or held to those exact definitions) it's what creates situations like students getting suspended for pointing gun-shaped sticks at each other or having nail clippers with files. Not all schools use zero tolerance, but it's out there.
Fade? More like "frayed."
I don't know what happened, but I stopped having panic attacks stoned. I wish I could share exactly how that worked, but I only have theories. Since I live in a legal state, it was really easy to get cbd heavy strains that were super low in thc. That gave me the benefits of lowering stress and helping me sleep without getting as blazed. Now I've gone back to the good stuff, and haven't had any problems. Maybe that's it?
I knew some folks that tried to make vodka ramen as a joke. The pot caught on fire, shooting blue flames everywhere. Panic ensued until someone was smart enough to put the lid on the pot. The noodles were eaten, people got drunk. The point of this story is that I have no idea if your chicken would catch fire like that, especially in straight vodka.
These answers kinda skip some parts of the story, so I'm gonna throw them out there. Both Christianity and Judaism are Abrahamic religions, based on God's revelation and God trying testing Abraham by asking him to kill his son, Isaac. (Islam is an Abrahamic religion, too, but that's irrelevant to this topic.) There was already an established prophecy that there would be a Messiah born of King David (the guy that killed the giant). He's an important part of both Jewish and Christian faith. Parts of the Bible are dedicated to tracing the bloodline from David to Jesus... Well, his flesh and blood parents. Not the Big G upstairs. Jesus was a Jew because Christianity is an offshoot of Judaism and he filled a role they were expecting. All this knowledge from an atheist.
Totally. Look at this glamour shot with [raspberry lipstick](https://photos.app.goo.gl/dqL9tEqR8G7gdzWU7)
I see you've played "Forky-Not A Forky" before..
They get paid server's wages hourly. That's under $3 a hour most places. Businesses are supposed to make up the difference at the end of a shift, but it doesn't always happen. The reason people keep getting service jobs is because on a GOOD day, you make more than minimum wage, sometimes a lot more if they place is nice enough. Essentially, if you become a server, you're gambling daily. Might come out ahead of the house, might lose your shirt. May the odds be forever in your favor, servers. I appreciate your work.
I've been working with teenagers for over five years now. Some have been remarkably mature and intelligent for their age, but experience brings wisdom and I haven't met one wiser than most elders.
I left Austin and moved to Seattle, but still work with the homeless population. (Housing prices weren't rising fast enough there. I could still afford a place bigger than a shoebox.) Weed is legal here, and *NOBODY* I have worked with or talked to touches K2, even the kids too young to buy weed on their own. No sketchy gas stations sell it, nobody's trying to pretend it's incense, it's just nonexistent. And I can't be certain, but I think that legal weed is cutting into the opioid market, which is really the massive problem here. Vote and support candidates working to legalize it. It's worth it.
For my clients, we have resources for that and they are able to get ID cards free. I know I work with a population with a bit more available help, as they are young adults and we're trying to help them not become homeless lifers. On a side note, if there's a grocery store as good as HEB or great tacos somewhere, help a brother out!
I can get one that doesn't look all creepy in about two or three months. It's hard to guess exactly because I always grow a beard first, then shave it back to leave the 'stache.
I am a real big fan of the good ol' Sharpie paint pen. I've experimented with a lot of different paint pens for art projects, and the Sharpie ones are great for the cost. Just keep a scrap pad nearby to keep the tip primed with paint. I do agree that you'll ever need to scuff whatever paint you've got on there now or prime it so the marker will stick. A solid clear coat will save your work, as someone else already said. They're right! Don't skip that step.
I think *every* fight around those kinds of issues is a fight to get homeless people out of downtown. Whether it's busking, loitering, or around drugs and alcohol, it's all to push the homeless folks somewhere others can't see them and not actually fix the myriad of problems that creates homelessness.
I had one of those Beyond Burgers at a non-chain spot near here, and it was GREAT. I haven't been a vegetarian for quite a while now, but I still enjoy meat substitutes occasionally to assuage my guilt and keep healthy. If the A&amp;W's near any of y'all get it, I would suggest giving it a try. It might not taste exactly like a greasy hamburger, but it does taste really freaking good.
Fried chicken tacos are pretty good. Traditional? No. Tasty? Oh, yes.
How do you know they get caught *every* time? It's possible their shenanigans have slipped by people somewhere. What's been caught might just be the tip of the iceberg.
Do they just use dice to hold down bills, or do they do a dice game on the side? I would go to a bar occasionally that had an under the table game you could play for a dollar.
They are? Damn! I had no idea. Well then, I love them more now! And I'll totally take some pozole.
I haven't yet. If I see it around, I'll give it a shot!
I'm a grown up, and that's still frightening. I love it, but I don't know if I could own it.
If you don't *need* it, I might know a guy...
I think Bloomington Indiana had riots three years in a row. Once for winning the national championship, once for losing, and once for firing Bobby Knight. You can rent a video of footage from the Knight riots. It's entertaining, but makes you doubt the humanity of those college kids. After the first riot, police greased the light poles so people wouldn't climb them. Someone did anyway, fell, and wound up paralyzed.
Submission Hold has songs in French, but they are Canadian... I think.
Hanging out with a friend, she goes to the restroom. Comes back laughing, saying that someone had written on the wall: MEAT PURSE MOOSE KNUCKLE FRONT BUTT It's like a little chant!
1) You can refuse service to Republicans. 2) You can't refuse service to people that aren't white. Why is race protected and political party not? History. Historically, segregation/slavery was a tactic used to hold down an oppressed people for something they had no control over. (In this example, that's race.) This oppression lasted for a few centuries and took a war and decades of Reclamation and civil rights litigation to fix. Republicans are *not* historically repressed. They aren't even repressed right now, as they are the ruling party. Therefore they don't get the same protections. OP, I assume that you know this. This is for people going "if they can do that, I can do this!" Nope. Not the same, not by a long shot. Sarah Sanders is in the employ of someone doing shitty things while in power. You don't get protection from others for that. Edit: Partial retraction and correction further down. My coffee-to-thought level weren't quite up to speed yet.
I think we're generally in agreement, but might just be wording it differently, or considering it differently. But yes, this administration in particular has shown a whole lot of examples of "dishing it out and not being able to take it."
No... Maybe I worded it that way, but that's not exactly what I mean and wasn't what I'm trying to say. Sorry if it came off with the wrong intent. You don't get to pick your race, you don't get to pick if you're disabled, you don't get to pick your sexuality. Those are protected from discrimination. They are protected NOW after years of struggle, war, deaths, and other atrocities. You DO get to pick your political party, you DO get to pick your employer. Being ostracized for those choices is not discrimination. It is legally allowable, and restaurants often post the exact same sign about "reserving the right to refuse service to anyone" to cover that base. Is it the best way to deal with the situation? Dunno. I also don't know what I would do if it was my call to make. On a personal level, it is outrageous that this political party seems willing to toss anyone out of their way that disagrees, but can't deal with the same heat from others. That's the point OP is making, and I agree. On a non-personal level, Little Sarah's use of her office to complain is not allowable. She is fully within her rights to complain as much as she wants using a *personal* outlet, but not any official ones.
You don't have to use studs. Go to the hardware store and ask for [picture hangers.](https://cdn.dick-blick.com/items/189/80/18980-1010-2-2ww-m.jpg) Those nifty little things make it sturdier and more secure in drywall. But someone else was correct. If it's a rental, make sure to ask if some nail holes are ok. If not, there's a more expensive version that comes off easily. It's called "Command hangers."
One of the ones in the glass tube? This is going to be hard to explain...
You can definitely decide how janky a gas station is by whether or not they have those things. It gets extra Jank Points if they stock the Chore Boy scouring pads right next to them.
I'm trying to find out who housed my burn! Can't get a good eternal fire of damnation with all these houses popping up in it.
Someone on a high school basketball team told me they could only wear their "game shoes" on the court and never on the street. Kinda like racing tires for cars, keeping the rubber grippy was an important factor. Grit from the street would make them less effective, but a smooth surface on the sole would hold the wood better. I know that high tops give my ankles more support, and I don't even play ball. I'm sure they are helpful for running up and down the court and changing directions rapidly.
The bottom of the top of your head. Wait, no... It's the middle, if you count the jaw.
Awesome! Good to know. Now I can tell people I'll sepak them in the Takraw.
Ah, that's way more sensible. Thanks for that info.
Only in jokes and sci fi!
I wouldn't say I was exceptionally homophobic, but I did have some leftover "disapproval" and misunderstandings from my religious upbringing. It was all exposure. I met openly gay people who were also genuinely great people. I met some that weren't. I met people that were trying to figure out, and some that had things sewn up. I got hit on, and it wasn't the end of the world. I met people before and after coming out as trans, and some in the middle of their journey. What I did was meet *people.* The fact that they were or are in the LGBTQ community is just one facet of who they are. I am trying to be a good ally because I want to be good to my friends... The ones I have now and the ones I am going to make in the future.
Yep. It's the doctrine of transubstantiation.
My neighbor. Oh wait. You said "my" window. Couldn't see jack, that's why I'm in the yard.
You only need an 1/8 drop per foot for draining. It is not parallel, but it's hard to see without a level.
Mohawk? How about less-hawk.
According to who?
Amen. I moved too far away to get it, am regret.
I think that it might be a cracker, like the other poster said. Do nitrous cannisters have threads? I know co2 cannisters can, and the inside of one end should be able to punch through the thin tip.
Business in the front, and business in the back, but a party patio over the neck.
As soon as you said "ska and gruff voice," that is really the only band that comes to mind. If there's another gravelly voiced ska singer, I don't know who they are.
They made him more "a-peel-ing." Sorry, I meant "appalling."
Might have to make a trip to the laundromat. They have massive machines that can handle bigger loads.
She picked a fine day to stop sniffing glue.
Is the bill leather? I feel like the leather bill is a total dad thing. Have you added phrases like "two-tone" to your searches? [Like this.](https://m.fullsource.com/port-authority-140283?gclid=Cj0KCQjw1NzZBRCoARIsAIaMwuue4UdeCIkHObdlq5mgLWhgDDWo-jY_hQF9IGdQaMy8x70mPYt2sjoaAmsaEALw_wcB)
That's called an "uncle."
"Who remembers?" Isn't it still on? There's a new season up on Hulu. I like to wait for the sneaky puns, and I think there's one in every episode.
Man, I wish I had my great uncle's hair. Not just gray, but that awesome silver that some people get. Unfortunately, he's an uncle by marriage, so those genes aren't in there. My dad's in his late 60s and still is mostly black haired, and my mom went from brown to mousy grey. I'm just going bald.
Dude, you named three cheap beers from macro breweries. Of COURSE you don't like the taste of beer. That's like saying "I've had four cold Quarter Pounders. Why do *all* hamburgers taste like crap?" Start with something of actual quality. A variety of styles. *Anything* but the cheapest deal at the gas station, then report back. If you go to a brewery or tap room, you can ask for samples of beers for people that don't like beer. They will find something that will tickle your pickle.
With the glue, I'm thinking it's the hanging part of a ceiling fan pull cord. Glue on the top to hold the chain, glue on the bottom to hold a decorative get bead of some sort. As a tall person, my forehead hates those things.
"Psych! Gotcha!"
Because somewhere in the world, there is a person stupid enough to kill an animal for internet points. Anyone stupid enough to kill a person for internet points is either A: on the dark web, B: going to get caught, or C: too stupid to actually accomplish that.
I never did drink in the Tree house there. Missed the chance!
Sasquatches. Sasquatchi.
Didn't Californication come out in 2000?
Controversy is the only way he'll stay relevant... Or noticed. Otherwise, no one cares.
Balloon hairnet!
DC or Seattle?
We have Lava soap in the vending machine at work. Maybe I should see if we need chocolate throat numbing spray.
Leverage is the best explanation I can give you. The AK has a long barrel to hold onto and a shoulder stock to wedge it tight. An Uzi is just short, with the stock being optional. Both have explosions coming out of the end that want to throw the gun around (mostly backwards due to the laws of physics), and a little leverage and the ability to cram in it a spot that's harder to move (you're going to be harder to move than the gun itself, since you weigh more). Hope that makes sense!
Grips? Not really. A stock for the shoulder? Yes. Gotta think about how those explosions are coming out of the end are going to throw a glorified chunk of metal pipe around.
/u/Finitemind has your answer on the glass and plastic. It does create an insulating and static barrier of air, which is a great benefit. If there are any additional gaps you can permanently caulk, do that. Every bit helps. If you use an expanding foam product, make sure to use the low-expanding foam for windows and doors to prevent them from getting pushed out of square. Just make sure you don't discount the window film! It does help!
Ah, so almost Seattle. I've been to a few dives in the city and hadn't seen this. If the bar is still there, this is still there!
Because they aren't being charged or not getting caught. If a parent pushed a bit against a deadbeat other, the consequences for skipping child support get pretty gnarly. Sometimes people don't know they have a legal recourse, so they don't take steps. Some want the other parent to get or stay involved and they fear prosecuting for child support will ruin that chance, as the other person might be petty. Some deadbeats "play the system"... That gets complicated, but if a person lays low and stays on cash paying jobs, they get very hard to find. This screws them, as any prosecutor worth a crap would make sure to keep an eye out for that deadbeat applying for food stamps and other assistance. Being behind on child support makes a person ineligible for government benefits. If they get a job with a paycheck, those checks can be garnished, which means the money for child support gets paid before the check gets to them. There's options. Unfortunately, it takes a bit of legal wrangling and work to make them happen, but a committed parent can make the shitty one's life hell if they tried.
"Spider Claus, Spider Claus, Does whatever a Spider Claus does, Checking his list, fighting crime, Eating milk and cookies most of the time, Look ooooouuuut, here comes Spider Claus!"
Really? Maybe because they were much more of a public presence in the 80s. As a kid of that era, MADD commercials were on all the time. Like the "don't text and drive" commercials of today.
The age of people at parties is not the best example to use. I get where that person was going, but it's not a good way to get that point across. There is a huge period of change in brain structure across puberty and into the early 20s. It actually can occur into the mid 20s, and not just 21. Before that prefrontal cortex develops fully, young adults have a stunted response to danger and long-term thinking about risk taking... But that's only a small part of the teen drinking problem. I think the "all or nothing" attitude (either you don't drink or you fucking party hard), complete prohibition of kids experiencing alcohol until they either sneak to get it or move to college, and the weird attitudes we have about when kids are able to think for themselves all affect it as well. There were a few changes in the 80s that happened as they tried to lessen deaths by auto accidents. They tried a national 55 mph speed limit, raising the drinking age, mandatory seat belt laws, and air bags. Obviously the speed limit laws fizzled out, but the rest have stuck. But for a time in the late 70s and early 80s, deaths of teenagers in cars was a problem. Drunk teens were displayed as the worst of that problem, so organizations like MADD (Mothers Against Drunk Driving) pushed for higher drinking ages. Personally, I think the problem isn't how old kids are when they can legally drink as much as it is them missing important lessons on responsibility, care for others, and being in situations where casual drinking is seen as more positive than binge drinking. Sure, the government can say "do it this way, or it's illegal," but it really should be parents teaching their kids the dangers and responsibilities of drinking. But considering the shoddy state of sex ed in this country, I could see why the education about drinking is lacking as well.
What banana bread are you eating? My grandmother's always tasted great, and I don't remember a "banana candy" flavor.
"Boy, it sure does suck to learn about other people and cultures."
Banana candy flavor is based on a variety of banana that was wiped out due to a widespread crop failure. It did exist, but now it doesn't. The new banana strains taste different, but that should be what banana bread tastes like. If you bought it somewhere and didn't make it, it's possible they used artificial flavoring.
Isn't that like getting mad because it's called "Tuesday?" It's just made up junk.
Aggressively artsy. Love 'em, but that might be a little far removed from what they are looking for.
Iditarod, here we come!
Thank Mr. Skeltal.
I'm going to assume you meant "what's something I can give to homeless people now that it's cold?" Obviously, they want homes, but you can't buy them a house. Warm socks. Sleeping bags. (Superior to blankets for sleeping outside.) Space blankets/emergency blankets. Those little hand warmers. Coffee. Soup. Extra layers of clothes. I don't like giving the homeless cash, but I try to keep some snacks and travel soaps in the car. I've also bought and given away bus tickets instead of cash for fares.
I used to work for a t shirt printing company. I don't know about all clothes, but "kids XL" in t shirts is a scam. They are the same as adult smalls, but about 1/4 shorter in length. That's it. Just a little shorter. If there's an upcharge for "kids XL," just get adult small.
I'm going to teach you a new word: Quintessential. Meaning "the most perfect example." Dirty Dancing is a *quintessential* 80s movie.
I just watched *Weird Science* for the first time in a few years. It's not my absolute favorite, but it's pretty good. The best is obviously *The Empire Strikes Back.*
I've noticed that, as SPF ratings go up, the sunscreen gets progressively thicker. I tried to use SPF 75 in a Texas summer, and it was like trying to spread Elmer's glue over my body. It was easier to use a lower SPF and reapply a little more often.
I'd recommend a full-body shave first, unless you're using glue to wax. Elmer's dries clear, so it won't help UV rays.
Homeboy's wearing [this shirt?](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2620605/Angry-shoppers-demand-fashion-label-changes-logo-looks-like-NAZI-eagle-symbol.html?sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiTl760yITfAhVTHDQIHWeABYYQ9QEwA3oECAEQBw) Huh. *Sorry for the Daily Mail link.*
It was so similar to the Nazi eagle, or *Reichsadler*, that the company got a lot of complaints and had to stop selling the shirt. And by "similar," I mean that thing is exactly the same.
No, but the ingredients in it are meant to stop UV rays. Glue has no such ingredients. Unless it's archival.
I'm guessing "fireman."
You've never worn long underwear before? Dang, son. You are missing out! I have long underwear for temps starting in the mid-30s, and more that are thicker for lower temps. The only ones I'm not totally sold on after the union suits. Having the shirt and pants connected keeps heat in, but there's a buttoned hole in the back you poop through... And that's weird.
You mean, the government knows better about raising my child than I do? What's next, they tell us what a balanced diet is? If it's not apparent, that's sarcasm... Kind of. There are people that think just that way. Vaccines are the new "fluoride in the water," or "red M&amp;Ms." There *might* be concerns, but misinformation has made those concerns into giant Boogeyman. The reality is, they are as safe as they can be, and the minimal risks are worth it for a single child's health and all the children they interact with. There's more danger driving kids to school every day. The other factor is that there are religions that legitimately don't do vaccines. They don't do blood transfusions or organ transplants, either. Some don't even cut their hair. I'm not going to argue about religions in general (you can go to /r/atheism for that) but if a person holds strict beliefs, it gets a little hairy when the government comes in and makes them do something they don't want.
Anytime someone suggests obliterating one of the most important religious sites in the world, and it being full of brown skinned people... I get suspicious.
Also, it's not "a one-page essay on a motherfuckin' cop...."
This is way better advice than "shave your ass." (Don't shave your ass, BTW. The hair keeps the skin from sticking together. You don't want your ass cheeks sticky while walking around.) For a couple of really really broke weeks, I lived off of ramen and free Taco Bell. After a week of burritos and noodles and no fresh veggies, my shit was like wallpaper paste. Sticky and impossible to wipe completely. Add some raw greens, fruits, and fiber and it got *so much better.* Fiber helps clean your intestines, and it makes poop easier to clean.
Give it to him. "Mess with the crabbo, you get the stabbo."
If that was in the US, someone would break it intentionally. Why? No idea, but it happens and it bugs me.
It's not just about catching them, it's about catching them as fast as possible before anyone gets hurt. More cops, more chances to catch them. Also, cops like excitement. "Honey, I got to go 100 miles an hour to catch a guy! It was cool!"
I would just do an outline and paint marker in the pupils. Kinda cheating, but easy.
Sounds like you aren't paying attention. I see folks out in all weather! Yesterday, I saw a guy in his 70s, still rocking spandex in those morning temps.
I'm sure *all* of the black folks serving in the Confederate army did so willingly and without threats of violence and repercussions from their owners. Who wouldn't fight to keep alive the system that kept them in chains?
I don't know why it costs a million a mile. I'm sure there's some fuckery going on there. But I **always** want more bike lanes.
I was alive when Lennon, Reagan, and the Pope took a bullet, and old enough to remember getting pissed that they stopped cartoons for the news reports.
Catholics have a lot of body parts in boxes. Bones from saints, mostly.
They will just add a "indecency" charge. Or worse, label you a "sex offender."
I'm not saying that's the best choice, but I feel a hell of a lot better when I wake up in the morning.
What school?
Did you mean "*for* protection and services?" I think the Dead Kennedys put it best when they said "anarchy sounds great, until someone asks 'who will fix the sewers?'"
What? They let that fly in Baton Rouge?! I don't have a lot of hangups about nudity, and I think labia are beautiful... But it is weird that it would hang on the wall in Louisiana, since folks are usually so conservative there. In contrast, across the river we had an art show and had to hang fig leaves on wangs because of "sensitive" donors to the gallery. Whatever. Wieners are cool.
I've got a similar problem with long sleeve shirts. I'm all arms and skinny, so medium shirts are best for the torso, but XL gets me a sleeve that's not halfway up my arm.
Even if I wanted to, best I could do is "U".
This clearly needs the Imperial March playing in the background.
That's why the best cure for a crush is getting to know the person. It's also a small part of how I stay faithful when interacting with new and exciting people that aren't my partner. It's knowing that the greener grass on the other side of the fence is just an illusion, and I just have to get past the initial "wow" factor of new people.
I can yahtzee how you did that!
It's ok, he probably won't be just a failure... He'll be a *presidential* failure.
I had it as a passing thought, but YOU made it happen! Great job!
That surpassed my initial expectations, and was actually pretty good.
I know this is going to be a long shot, but I googled and typed and came up with this: https://i.imgur.com/UnkgTDF.png
As a middle-aged teenage anarchist, I think I can get some points together for you to ponder. To start, I'll lead with the easiest explanation of anarchy I have, as that weighs into the rest. This is going to be super simplistic and not very fleshed out. Here we go. In a society where behavior is dictated by rule of law, people don't run stop signs because they don't want tickets. In a utopian anarchist society, people still *have* stop signs. (Not having stop signs would be nihilism.) They use the stop signs because they don't want others being hurt. There's little worry about repercussions to oneself, but to others. So, what's wrong with cops? The history of the police force is rooted in protection of rich people's property, and not in the good of the community. That came later. During the history of the police force, the cops have used their power to enforce laws that were NOT for the good of the people... Like segregation. Cops were out busting heads, not helping an oppressed people get justice. They were in the pocket of rich people who were holding others back. Cops have been shit to me, even as a respectful adult, just based on appearance. It's a flawed system. Anarchy wants to tear it down and start over. Liberals want to work with what we've got. Republicans want them to act they do, but worse.
Even though things like that have happened to me, I still have no idea exactly how I was able to work it out. My best guess is a combination of bad puns, pity, and alcohol.
"Is that a Fallout 76 blanket? Fuck that game! Growlf!"
