Went to a wedding earlier this year where the Various Nefarious were playing. Absolutely mind blowing.
Kings Canyon, Northern Territory. On the way out we kept on laughing at the couples coming back in. No talking, no smiling, just stern determination on their faces. 6 hours later, we were that couple.
It was about 4 years ago and the middle of your summer. I was a lot better looking back then, so maybe? :)
Even in my belly! Seriously, the best liquorice in the world. Got hooked when my brother worked for neg micon, would always bring back the good stuff.
Yes. Exactly like that! What is it?
So excited, he's shouting?
11 years this year and your advice still holds in our house. Why split the chores? It's my house too, my kids too and just as I like having free time to myself at night, my missus does too! my input on the question: do be true to yourself, don't forget there's another half to your entity now.
Thanks, man. You've stilled the troubled waters of my soul. :)
**quite different from what I've found here in Australia. I think the sensation was a combination of this and some top-notch softis. It's so hit and miss with the quality of the soft-serve here.
Or as expensive! Blew my mind when we bought 4 slices of cake and 4 muffins for my daughter's 5th birthday and it cost AUD$80. Regardless, 10/10 would visit again.
No shoes, no service.
Read your comment, had a chuckle and thought "my wife says the same thing about me". Then looked at your username and went "Holy Fucking Shit! Is she on reddit?". Then I had to trawl you history to make sure you weren't her (sorry!). Good news everybody, /u/LivinginAdelaide is not my wife.
Ssh! Maybe. I have young kids. Does anyone with young kids really "live"?
You want to get stabbed through the heart? Because that's how you get stabbed through the heart.
Pilot: Ground, this is VH134 request clearance for runway 21. Ground: Repeat VH1..wwwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Pilot: VH134, I repeat, VH134! Ground: Roger VH1...wwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Classic Indiana Jones.
Eminent Domain sounds like it will fit the bill too. Recently played it with the Escalation expansion and found it thoroughly enjoyable. Has the Lead/Follow role selection mechanic with deck building. It's possible for the engine to be kicked in first turn if you're particularly keen and the strategy you want is evident in the lay of the planets. Otherwise, it's in play by the third turn at the latest. No spatial reasoning required at all. Turns are quick and there are clear end game conditions. Sometimes it feels too quick, but there are optional ending conditions to increase the game length.
Shut yer cockholster. That's a complete fucking fabrication, you dick mouthed galah.
A crossfitter, a vegan and an atheist walk into a bar. All the other patrons left.
Gave it away when she asked him "Are you ready to go?" and he replied "I've been eagerly waiting for it all day!"
I'm not a conspiracy theorist normally, but I don't see this going away through any sort of law reform. Why? Because cash can't be traced (easily). I'd bet there are powerful lobby groups on behalf of big business that are telling the government it's a great way to offset the costs/bonuses of law enforcement agencies while encouraging the populace to move to a cashless society where the tax people can trace transactions and the NSA can build a better monitoring program. You know who else it benefits? The guys the lobyists represent - the guys who put together all your information and spending habits to better target you.
Yes! It was the single go to sport for me in every Winter Olympics compendium on any game platform ever. My obsession caught on and it became the go to tournament between me and my friends when playing.
The three Rs: redaing, riting and arthitmitc.
1: continued 2: about 3 3: about 3 4: exactly 2 5: no.
Maybe not this weekend, but will be there in December. Enough of the 20 hour flights already.
Just one more validation of my choice to not read that pile of tripe any more.
I just drove through Niantic... didn't see any unicorns on coats of arms.
Lol, I was playing with the town of Niantic, Connecticut. I'm an aussie who's holidaying in the states, just drove down from Boston to NY via Niantic. Niantic is also the name of the company/google that makes Ingress. Thinking of the nyan cat. I dunno. Grasping at straws? :)
I was drunk.
Did the box get a trailer all to itself or did it have 50 odd suitcases piled on top of it?
What happens when you're visiting a cold climate city in winter time and you don't want to be cold, but you just need to stand?
You rolled high on the intimidation and persuasion checks with the first encounter. Please, please be careful with the second one. Hit the cops up with the new information.
To give another anecdote about why Telstra was so bad for Australia: For a long time, Telstra operated the only cable that linked Tasmania (that big island south of the mainland :) ) to Victoria. I worked at Internode during this time and can tell you it was cheaper for us to pump data over to the states than across to tassie. The Tasmanian government weren't having it and built their own link... that then sat dark for years while political and corporate forces held them down.
entering. smells like a scam, tastes like shazaam!
Rest in peace in peace overweight prostitute?
The War Zone by Tim Roth.
Playing Twilight Imperium 3. 12 hours of boardgaming goodness.
Married 12, two kids - 6 &amp; 9. I was 30 when we had the first one, wife was 33. She wanted kids, she thought there was more to life. I grew up in a big family and always thought I'd have kids, but never felt like we were ready. Realised that I'd never feel ready and that I wanted them, so it was as good a time as any. First year was amazing. Cut back to 4 days a week work, one solid day looking after the baby each work week, and it was fantastic. Second year, major depression (work burnt me out and the kid just didn't sleep). Third year, the next one comes. At this point I realised that all the time I was thinking it was hard having a single kid, you've got no idea how hard it is until you have 2. (Have heard that 3 is even harder then with 4+ you've got the game mechanic sorted out, the engine ticking over nicely, and it all gets easier.) Anyway, decided that 3 is just going to be too expensive (we like being able to afford holidays). I've got to tell you, having kids is a blast. It's hard work. They take time, energy and money. Each Saturday and Sunday morning is spent taking the kids around to various commitments they have. Then, twice a week in the evenings, one of us is out of the house until 8-9pm taking the daughter to her dancing. Spare time ~~and spare money~~ is effectively nil. (Re-reading this, I realise that they don't drain all our money. Yes, I'm not buying a new computer every year, but we are taking a couple of week long road trips every year around Australia and fly back to the states at least every second year.) But I fucking love it. Watching them come up with their own observations on the world is fantastic and seeing them develop their own mental model of how the world works is an absolute delight to behold. It's hard listening to my daughter jabber on. She makes up the most fantastical stories. Talks for fucking hours and, much to my disgust, takes her books into the toilet. My son has a much more technical mind. The wife is often out for work (higher paying executive role) in the evenings or interstate for business, the kids just pull their shit together and we operate the household like a well-oiled machine. There's bedlam and there's laughs. There are tears and there are smiles. It is that bad and it is that good. With kids, the gamut of life expands. You lose time, but you gain joy. You lose the luxury of being self centered, but you gain a steadfast knowledge that you'd give your life for theirs. They teach you a new dimension of love and bring another dimension of happiness. You know that you're going to make decisions that now involve a lot of compromise, but others are going to be thinking of you. I guess what I'm trying to say is this: they change your life, they don't end it. How you adapt to that change is the telling of how you're going to be as a parent. Good luck! :)
Every time I think about being a parent I'm reminded of that science fiction story where an ascendant being helps another being ascend to their level. Then, when the newly ascended asks "what's next?" the first being replies "I don't know.". Now, if I could only remember what story that was.
Really? I'll have to watch it. Thanks.
The few arguments I've told my close friend about are the ones where I've been the jerk and was cognisant that my position was irrational. Luckily, it was, few, so I don't come off as being an arsehole. :)
Nah, even if he was a New Zealander, we still would have claimed him in the headline.
Over-pressurization? I understand the concept. Where's the extra air coming from? Is there a chemical oxygen generator on board?
Two copies of Monopoly? He should ebay one of those. At least, they're out of the way in a place that implies: inconvenient to reach, hardly ever played.
Just finished a 12 hour TI3 game this weekend. In retrospect, I can clearly see where I threw the game, but still finished with a great sense of satisfaction. Landlords of Waterdeep (with the expansion) is a great game for those looking to step up from the "lighter" games and introduces other mechanics nicely.
I am part of a weekly boardgaming group and we go away for a boardgaming weekend 2-3 times a year. We've made the agreement that TI3 no longer gets played at those weekends, rather we pencil in a Saturday outside of our regular times months in advance. The lead time serves to both appease our partners and provide ample time for people to trash talk and think out strategies.
I was going to call you out on that as I had bought VB in Washington DC. It seems the Brickskeller has closed, though :(
[The Grind](http://www.thegrind.com.au/) have their base of operations in a warehouse in Hendon and are always roasting whenever I pop in to pick up a bag. I think they roast all their beans. They've an outlet in the Central Markets. Often speak with the owners when I go in, all the staff are knowledgeable and can ask the right questions to get you a bean that's after your palate. Have been going there for 5 years and will not go anywhere else.
To clarify - the sync speed (which is the speed at which the modem can talk to the DSLAM in the exchange) is a function of the quality of the copper phone line. Then there's throughput which is a function of congestion and/or rate limiting of the data flowing across the link. (e.g. your ISP has limited backhaul to the exchange, so your throughput is slowed down; the webserver you're downloading from has a crappy connection, so it can't pump data to you as fast as your connection can handle it; your ISP has edge routers which rate limit p2p stuff; ...and so on.) Are you talking throughput or sync?
We got one from a breeder here 5 years ago. Local queen, American sire. Breeder was super helpful, somewhere down noarlunga way. After paying more than double her original cost in psychiatric vet care and medication we, sadly, had to put her down. It was just one of those bad luck of the genetic draw. :( Spoke to another breeder recently and they told me I should have gotten in touch with the original breeder as there was a full guarantee on the dog. Little did I know. A bit rambling, sorry, but hope it helps if you find yourself in the same situation.
Internode used to. Maybe they still do. How far into your degree are you?
I can't think of any off the top of my head, but I'm eager to see if someone comes up with something. There are frog cakes and custard slices, but they're not savoury or "easy" to make at home.
I can imagine the "Litterbox Convention 1973" being negotiated amongst the neighbourhood cats. Article 1.i: All cats are created equal. .ii: /u/ThatSquareChick's sandbox is for all. .iii: There will be no fighting in the sandbox. .iv: There shall be no spawn camping around the sandbox. Article 2.i: Muffins is a douchebag.
I once got a single bottle in a carton of Pale that was just water. The other 23 were just fine, though.
Also really good as a shibboleth. Worromoroo paints you as an enemy combatant pretty quickly.
Also, look right, then left, then right again when you're on the footpath. If you're behind the wheel, look left, look right, look bike.
If you're in a safe labor seat, it's going to be a long wait.
Unless there's plans to move the part of hendon that's covered by the woodville exchange into the port adelaide service area, my part of hendon's not even on the list.
That's funny, my brother came and helped jump start my car two weeks ago. Yesterday we were working together on my Auntie's house and he tells me "Remember when you laughed and asked if I kept jump cables as a matter of course in the tray and then said you were surprised I didn't have a compressor? Well I put a compressor in there and a snatch strap for good measure. I figure when we're camping if anyone is stuck I can pull them out."
Which bank does flat exchange fees? BankSA does 3% on transactional accounts.
Or decide you need a variety of taste and start chasing the elusive saisons.
Stegmaier did make Viticulture, which is widely enjoyed. Not sure of what the reception of MERCS: Recon is, which is what one of the designers of Myth released.
Won't they see the routing information as going via the host machine's mac address?
He's a bit more full on than just opposing gay marriage, though. Happy Clapping world views don't mix with good government.
I think his point was that no one was fighting here?
Yar, fair enough.
In the context of the original post I was suggesting that having a VM isn't, in itself, a guarantee of anonymity.
St Clair is pretty, but a fair whack of bikies and drug dealers have purchased there, according to my mate Ms. Policeman.
The odds of surviving a heart attack are shown to increase greatly when someone administers chest compressions. Not even breathing/lung inflations just god damned compressions.
The bull.
In college or out of college? In college? Started with, gulp... VB, then on to Java for OOD concepts. Out of college? Perl.
Blade Runner. The director's cut is far superior just for the "intelligent" ending. The final cut version is pretty much the same, but nicer looking.
Take action. Instead of watching the scene play out in front of you like some sort of train crash sequence in a movie, do something... anything.
Yeah, I think it was purely an exercise in getting eager students to see how easily they could throw something up on the screen. Like, vomitous. But, people were graded on how smartly they thought about control flow and modular break down of concern.
Significantly different in artistic merit, but very little story difference between the director's cut and the final cut, which is what I meant. You've listed some great reasons to check out the final cut for anyone interested.
Well, if you need someone respectful to remove them from your farm, drop me a line.
Can confirm - dropped the ring three times while trying to propose.
It's been ages since I've picked, always up through Kuitpo. Any recommendations?
TCO is much higher in the church.
Absolutely. A giant playground that was adult sized, made of all metal with plenty of moving parts to rip off fingers and break bones! It was the best adventure park SA had to offer. Do half a day there, then another half a day soothing all the burns in the Murray. The new one is exceptionally lame in comparison.
Really? * tithing * membership fees * upkeep of property * incidental costs associated with social inclusion Then there are the additional mental costs that are paid with the strain of trying to conform to the moral and social mores dictated by the church. Don't kid yourself, it may be "free" to attend, but it's not free.
Hang on. They got married in a helicopter, hovering over the ceremony while it was officiated via walkie-talkie and they wouldn't pick you up from school with a rope ladder? Outrageous.
Pretty much any church you become a member of. What you meant to say was that you've never had to pay for spirituality. Religion, on the other hand, has your wallet bent over a barrel.
I'm sorry to hear about your loss, Pecker. Now, I've seen enough 80s action movies to put you back on your path. You've just passed through the first part of Act I: Loss. Take this post as the second part of Act I: A Call to Arms. It's time for you to man up. You gotta fight boy and this is how it happens. Act II: - learn and practice more devil beats like the paradiddle and introduce syncopated rhythm. - attend her church and join the band. - subtly introduce the devil's beats - you will be challenged by the alpha-male in the group, it should be her boyfriend. If it's not her boyfriend, demand a trial by combat. - you will cop a beating, but with the Lord's help you'll win Act III: Now that you've won her back you've got two options. A) Settle down or B) Take her camping in your new pickup truck which leaves the whole saga open for a sequel. Godspeed.
Highest gun fatalities per capita of any western country? Yeah, keep on calling them stupid.
Try it with everything else unplugged. Try running an extension cord from another room (possibly another circuit). Does the power trip just using the desktop or only when the R9 390 increases power in a 3D game?
Cost is your biggest disadvantage. The PSU is only going to supply 400w, even though it's rated for 750w. This is called overrating. Future-proofing is you biggest advantage. Upgrade your video card or throw 5 extra HDD in there? The PSU should handle it ok. Put enough extra stuff in there that it draws 750-800w* and you're gonna get funny operation. Draw over 800w* continuous and you'll produce smoke from the PSU. (* these are rough figures.)
Posting [inane](http://imgur.com/gallery/9xCV5v1) questions to ask Reddit that they could answer for themselves with a little application.
Ah, so you won't be paintballing either.
Commonly known as a lemon tree in Australia.
Wife did the same late last year, chemist down Semaphore rented them on a weekly basis. Just ring around a couple of chemists, you'll find one pretty quickly.
I upgraded to Marshmallow last month, no more landscape for me. :(
Lol, dunno who downvoted me, but such is life.
You call that a Big Wool? Now this is a [Big Wool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Merino).
How much water usage does it account for?
Man, your country is eating itself, it's no wonder that anyone with enough brains to become a psych is choosing not to.
Yes, you can. I was lamenting to myself out loud. Running a Marshmallow ROM based off a CM variant on a Galaxy S3 that frequently suffers from a) rotation not functioning (auto and manual) b) drops all data when receiving an MMS because it can't switch APNs properly.
I hate to break it to you, it's called long service leave in Australia and you get 3 months fully paid every 10 years of full time employment. That's on top of your minimum 4 weeks every year annual leave and 12 paid sick days.
Farmers Union Crows Klub.
&gt; there's really no downsides to it as a hobby. Plenty of downsides if you do it for too long.
This is straight off of /b/
Friend here pulled 109 laps of a roundabout. He thought it particularly amusing when, circa 60s, a bus pulled up. Circa 80s, the bus driver just forced his way through.
Tax concession if you work outside or in the zone.
You missed the etymological description that the [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Track_ballast) entry gives. If the OP is interested, [these machines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballast_cleaner) are beasts that rip out the ballast underneath, clean it and return it back under the rails as they move over it. There are you tube videos of them in operation.
We have their wireless at work, does experience occasional drop outs for a couple of minutes and bandwidth seems quite variable.
You wanna go sleepy sleepy?
It has a predominantly green background, typical of circa 1930s paintings.
[Camel Up](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/153938/camel) is a fun romp. It does have betting themes which may be off putting, but my kids enjoy it (6&amp;9).
When he meets a gator Does he get dead Or does the gator Get him instead? Nobody knows Florida man.
They didn't state the purchase price of the car though. edit: Just realised that you're flabbergasted at the rate. Was thinking: that's not bad - I just got 6% on my car loan, then realised you're discussing USA lending rates, not Aussie rates.
It'd be really cool if we had these tubes that went between everyone's houses and we could just send stuff through those tubes.
DigiMail^TM
I don't know what enrages me more - a bully like Cory being voted in or Bob Day not announcing his affiliation with the party in his mail-out pamphlets.
Australia, I'd definitely trade out Australia.
I've put my writing team to work on your sentence: &gt; People like repetition, kill your babies.
When you're adulting tomorrow, would you mind picking up a TV stand?
Or he could have misspelt wife!
Seriously. Imagine you're living in a share house and you've just picked up the craziest fucking room-mate imaginable. You're constantly yelling at them to pick up their clothes. They don't cook or clean. They don't pay rent either. You're constantly buying them food and, because the fuckers never got a license, you're driving them every.fucking.where. Saturdays are a write-off. Your room-mate has soccer and irish dancing, you've agreed to take them there. Sundays are a write-off. Your room-mate's got a birthday party to go to and you've said you'll take them because they're too scared to ride the train. They do crazy shit all the time, like randomly tripping over their own feet or using so much shampoo, every sink and drain in the house has bubbles coming out of it. That's why you talk about them all the time.
Hey Dude, don't call me dude.
Have you considered that it's possibly the only time they've got to listen to their own music without being interrupted? I built some nice speakers before having kids. Still have a set. You know what they're doing? Playing fucking "Hello Charlie" or "Girl meets world" or "Operation Ouch". You know what they're not playing? Gojira, Napalm Death or The Pixies. That's my car's job, apparently.
Australia. Pro: Don't worry about the kids being shot. Con: Everything is sooooo expensive.
&gt; peddling death and destruction and misery Well, she's not wrong on that front.
Could have been a sticky note on the mirror.
Ah, get it now. They're all packs of stuff you could buy in game. Thanks for the clarification, I'm a doofus for not working that one out myself. :)
Nah, the one where I didn't realise they're all in-game purchases rolled up into a "sale".
It's the denial that's the problem and actively fighting against any move to stop their profiteering of another persons pain.
Yes. You. Do. For some people, their kids are their lives, that's all they think about, that's all they talk about. Does that style of conversation make me sick? Absolutely can't stomach it, but the other extreme you're proposing isn't any better. Friends recognise what's important to each other and that's the conversation that should be had.
Uh, what [variant of Simple Green](http://simplegreen.com/en-au/household/products/) should you use?
&gt; Brewmeister All grain. The Cooper's machine is extract based. I'm not against it, good on them, but let's compare apples to apples. Brewmeister gives the brewer many more parameters to play with and remains an involved process. Brewdroid is a mix extract, set and forget type deal. One can make great beer, the other can make good beer. The Cooper's version appears to simply be a mechanism through which they can sell more of their extract kits.
Lol, it was looking rather bare when I was last there!
Well, the Victorians call the South Australians "Mexicans", so it's siesta time in Adelaide. Then again, when I lived in Sydney, we called the Victorians "Mexicans", so it's probably siesta time there as well.
The four part mini-series: Lethal Weapon 1, 2, 3 &amp; 4.
Top kek, gold for copy paste with a little bit of modification. What am I talking about? I program for a living - that's the entirety of my working life.
All buttholes are vivid when you're squinting.
...ensuring Activision covers for the damages they've inflicted... in a way that doesn't have us wasting time in a courtroom... starting a crowndfunding event later today... to cover: what we are missing out on the largest event. Sincere butt-hurt.
An ex brother in law used to work at AMD back in the 80s working on the masks of some RISC processors. From memory, he never got any formal qualification higher than a diploma from a community college, he just kind of worked his way up. Do you think it's still possible for someone to do that now in the industry or were the 70s and 80s the bad old days in the industry?
12 hours and 12 minutes until the draw! You bloody ripper. Rock on. It's a good hour past 12:30 on 30 June here (ACST), but if a US company is going to include Aussies in their competitions, I'm not going to argue with them.
So you're stronger than most people a quarter of your age?
Honestly, since when has some nobody recording themselves and posting it online become a cultural reference point? Maybe I'm just old and you should keep off my lawn.
Just one hour to the noon time, Just one hour away. Ain't no fucking problem, I can do that any day.
I'm gonna bite. Who the fuck would stop you from trying to close your door?
How could someone having involuntary movements from a seizure consciously cover them up with other movements? Not possible. edit: For the record, I dislike her immensely and don't think her entitled arse deserved the presidency. That doesn't make what you wrote correct, though.
Hahaha, really? In USA elections Soviet politics fuck you.
I concur that there's something wrong with her, but it's highly unlikely that she has trained to cover it with a forced action. Maybe that lizard theory is not too far off the mark?
I would have preferred anyone who appears more trustworthy, honest and had a view that aligns more closely with my own.
Not necessarily. The unopened can of beer floating in the ocean, found while we walked around an island in Fiji, was a god-send. Complemented the coconuts nicely.
The missus got me a 3G 1060 as a present, shopping off a suggestion of "at least this level as a minimum". I considered upgrading to the 1070 or 1080, but knew I wouldn't be running 4k for another couple of years, so sat with the 1060.
Jeanne Claude Van Johnson.
There was a period between 2005 and 2009 where he wasn't.
Sorry you had to live in LA. /FTFY.
On the world's biggest ship?
&gt; "that matters why?" Yet another reason to call him an arsehole.
You fuck. You fucking arsehole. His wife is a fucking legend and he appears committed to her. source: met them more than a few times.
I guess it's up to Danny himself to say whether it was wanted or not to classify it as assault. Has he done that?
Ameritrash vs Eurogame: heavily themed mechanics vs streamlined abstract mechanics. Boardgames.
iDisagree. It's bold and shows initiative.
&gt; Holden vs. Ford vs. drunk driving laws Oh boy, you paint a beautiful picture.
Maradonna vs God.
Photos or GTFO.
Is that because we've been fucked over and NBNco are delivering the last mile over an ageing copper network?
And you've also got to navigate the retailer having purchased sufficient CVC capacity to avoid contention for resources too.
On facebook? Ads are the creme. Your information is the money.
I'm just sad I have a new graphics card that I can't adjust the colour of the LEDs on because I refuse to "log in" to the geforce experience. Guess it doesn't really matter, because there's no window on the case anyways.
The world just gets crazier and crazier. Don't worry, market forces will sort it out.
I think you'll find 'let isItWorthIt' is vastly superior.
Please, please, please tell me she sells cloud storage.
Don't worry, people get tattoos with even lesser understanding of the full meaning.
Rodney Rude does it better: Hey Santa Clause you cunt, where's my fucking bicycle?
Yeah, he first tried to clean up with kanban, then later with just-in-time, but never was able to completely break with lean manufacturing.
They came out and said as much in an interview when it was on the charts.
And that he's frustrated by how hard it is to be spiritual in any meaningful way while making the euphoria last.
Don't worry, the market will sort it out.
&gt; built across the street from the University, You know mace is more effective when heated and, with the can being aluminium and all, it didn't retain its heat long enough from the old station.
Hahaha, like that's going to happen. We have the capacity and capability to realise that right now, if not 15 years ago.
&gt; assuming that corporations would stay in the US &gt; UBI If we extend the U in UBI to be, at least, global - then it will work.
What was the return?
I don't see any coprophilia restaurants on the list and I even put Burnside as my location.
I wouldn't know ZizzazzIOI from a bar of soap, but I have seen good shows from the Blackwood Players previously. Another troop - extremely amateur, but fucking fun - is the Unseen Theatre Company. They traditionally stick to Terry Pratchett adaptations... it's been years since I've seen anything from them, so not sure if they're still active.
No, he's talking about Adam Hills.
Yes, SNL. He's a yank and /u/MisuVjr is being a dick.
Saturday Night Live.
Fuck I'm Lubed.
Do you know you've got a doppleganger? /u/MisuVjr?
Question 1: Can you tell me about the stack you used - front end and back end? Question 2: If this is a hobby, what do you do for a living? Question 3: Are you looking for work?
I've seen plenty of fresh-off-the-boat Russian and Ukrainian immigrants who would beg to differ.
We got fucked over. People bought the lie that boats needed to be stopped over fat pipes.
Holy crap, they do, don't they!
This might work. A local Port Adelaide councillor got his street diverted to dissuade through traffic.
You could try the well established and carrying a large range Games World in Adelaide Arcade. Alternately, games paradise.
Well, it wouldn't be Radelaide without the quota of crazies.
That is a fucking savage burn... chappeu!
Woah shit.
Does she call you Gamboni?
Fucking Dans.
Oh wow. Have you seen that with sound?
Popular mechanics is either on the pulse with their miniscule readership base or very out of touch with the world.
Can you afford to be drunk? Good on ya!
AWS for serving up Angularjs? Directly interfacing with google? Know any java? Spring?
You should get those mammaries checked out.
&gt; alegbra Never seen anyone wear a bra on their legs before.
SDLC! Is a fun game for 2-3 players. It really fills out with the expansions: SDLC: Agile! and SDLC: Jira!
Bottle of champers, packet of burger rings. Mess around with putting burger rings on fingers, then quietly slip the real ring on. *I expect a royalty payment of $15 from anyone using this idea.
Create boardgames, make LSD and propagate mushrooms.
&gt; but I do know that there are socialists out there who want to attack free enterprise and anyone who sticks up for it. And I know that socialists, like alcoholics, will blame anyone but themselves. And whereas alcoholics can damage their own families, socialists can destroy the whole country. Holy Shit! Who the hell votes these people in?
Well, we can't get Tony off the screens either...
That was beautifully written, mate. Thanks.
You've earned your morning tinnie today. Good job.
It has the nice catchup mechanism, though: the player with the largest backlog gets to go first on the next sprint.
Just the fins.
It was Creative Suite and they got called to task on it. They answered "we charge what people are willing to pay" and the toothless tiger that is our ACCC slinked back home.
That happens on their 13th birthday. It's called a brrrrt-mitzvah.
There are very specific stages in the development of the foetus that alcohol will cause abnormalities (am I allowed to say that word?). The radiography textbooks that I read were specific down to the day, e.g. C+21 days, where C is time of conception, etc. The problem was no one could be exact about C, so it was easier to just say - avoid it.
This. It's fine to safeguard, but it's not the end of the world.
A bottle over the course of a day is fine, it's the chugging that's a problem.
Not as much as James Hardie hates Australians.
Give me a truck diesel that's economical and has good emissions over a speedy 'on-par-with-petrol' little diesel that's got terrible emissions.
The joke's outstayed its welcome, man.
&gt; $100/month. For a full service clean? How many visits? Wow! We're paying $70 per week.
$70 per visit is a great price in Australia, for the size of our house. Affluent north of Philly? Must be Chestnut Hill! (Lol, just guessing as I married a central alumni).
It was a while ago when I was looking at them for something unrelated when just how specific they where on timing jumped out at me. I wasn't clear in my first post - it wasn't just one time period, but a couple if IIRC.
Billable hours != reddit.
"Just driven home from the tyre shop, so can't really review. Had free coffee while fitted, though." Are you fucking demented? Why would you even bother to write a review of something that you own but are not qualified to review?
Good ol' bible thumping righteousness outweighs christian charity every day.
Yeah, the two following cats can't help but feel inferior. :(
I know, it's like Russians would never have thought of leaking shit on 4chan to build cred for the next time they need to break news through it.
&gt; Right click to run Adobe Flash plugin. Good god, no!
Mixed technology delivery is going to fix that for us, don't worry. Fuck you Malcom, you should have known better. Shame.
Mate just looked into how they can skip FTTN and go FTTP. Apparently, if you can throw money at the NBN co, they'll do it. He was trying to muster the whole street to chip in when we last spoke.
Yes, it was calculated that it would require the equivalent of two current power stations to supply all the nodes on the FTTN once completed. FTTP are all passive nodes. What I don't understand is how Malcom can live with himself, let alone have the nerve to become PM after such a huge cockup with the NBN.
You too could smoke a cigar if you just got a better job.
Look around you. One in every three people you see voted for the Liberal party and got him in. He's a dick head, but they share the blame.
aDSL? You should have had a technician come out to look at it already. That cycle is not right.
Shame. Shame. Shame. The leaders have let us down, once again.
It took me a couple of re-reads before I understood they weren't rescuing puppies from a fire brigade. Oh well, back to tax calculations.
[West Lakes, using wireless service.](http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/5959631095) Hitting it with Internode's mirror with a wget, 96.02M 3.44MB/s in 28s. --- on.net ping statistics --- 6 packets transmitted, 6 packets received, 0.0% packet loss round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 3.090/4.219/6.402/1.370 ms
The only reason I'm still on 'Node is the usenet access. That goes, I goes... regardless of discount.
&gt; Pro tip, many of our police are highly educated, some are even lawyers. Many aren't. Wouldn't "highly educated" equate to having a graduate/post-graduate degree or multiple undergrad degrees? I doubt many of our police are highly educated. Plenty of vocational and procedural knowledge sure, but not highly educated.
&gt; looking for something to complain about. Needing to justify the monthly fee they charge the landlord. It looks like they are doing an actual job if they write down something negative on each inspection.
They'll have to do some diagnostics themselves - trying to pull some value by comparing the stories of the two shops is a total crap shoot.
Plenty is hardly many, though. To me the distinction between educated and highly educated is the number of degrees. I have a single bachelors and years of experience - wouldn't call myself highly educated. The missus has a bachelors and two masters... she's highly educated.
Grim Fandango, The Neverhood and Space Quest ]I[.
&gt; Why not just ask a fat person what they experience and believe them and empathize? Why not just think "I don't like it when people don't treat me respectfully" and act on that?
&gt; Does it really matter? When someone's making a blanket statement that is blatantly false, yes. &gt; Plenty and many have the same definition No way. Eg: *Somebody might have only two cents, which is not many coins, but it is more than plenty to purchase a gumball.*
Yes, see the edit to the main text. Shit got real last night and our own dog ended up costing us $700 in emergency vet care. Not related to Baxter's arrival, but having him around for the night ended up being just too much to care for. He's gone to the council.
Thanks, will give that a try. It's two Dell U2715H monitors, both are driven by mini-DP to DP. One has a hell of a lot more blue in the picture, even when they're both set to the same white point, color settings etc.
Won't somebody FoI that? Sure it'll be heavily redacted...
He's home. Wife had posted on facebook, but got home through the council. Went round today and dropped off his ball that he'd left in the car when we picked him up.
You'll see it in the NT too. I don't see what the big deal is - if someone wants to do something proactive about making some money instead of playing PS4 all day, good on them.
They'd sell a triple screen laptop with 2 screens removed and market it as a bold statement.
I put a large crater in the backyard testing out the home made naptha in a light bulb recipe.
&gt; I find tough with programming is finding something to do. If you have a job then it's easy. This exactly. I struggle so hard to do my own project. I'm creating algorithms forever in my head then sit down at the computer and think "what is it I really want to do?". -- a well paid software engineer.
Was there anything of worth in the lockers you bought? I regularly look at estate auctions online, but the stuff is pretty much crappy 80s boom-boxes and tea-cosies. If that's the sort of stuff people keep near to them because it's still useful, I imagine the stuff they put in a storage locker is going to be utter crap.
They could do On The Run. The government would shut that down pretty quickly, though - no point pissing off your biggest electricity consumers or the people who let you publish headlines of "thousands of new jobs being created*". *Thousands of 0.3FTE jobs.*
Is that the latest word from Paradise?
This is appears to be the same tech that we use to connect to our ISP service at work. Sub 30ms ping to the ISP in the same city.
You might mistake them for an imgerina.
I wish I had a recording of someone growling "Get tae fuck ya goblin", just like Grounds Keeper Willie. Barely distinguishable words, not screamed, just growled. I'd use that as my message tone on the phone.
He's just establishing context in case he accidentally shoots up a school while listening to your answer.
What are you on about?
Me: That's a fat PC. You: No it's not, it's just big framed.
Ahoy hoy! Clarity on the line, you're spreading me too thin.
You talking static or animated? Static is [cute](http://imgur.com/a/cEVJ5). It looks really nice on /u/GloriousGe0rge
Lol, it does. :)
Well, when we paint ourselves into a corner...
You mean Free as in beer?
And who's gonna build it? THE ROBOTS!
Combined. Not indivdually, but if those 3.6 billion put everything they owned together in a pile, the pile of those 8 people would still be more valuable.
Mdf for life!
I agree with you and I'd go one further and say we should provide a full service on uranium. We can dig it up, refine it, let you rent it for use and then pay us to store it safely.
&gt; You'll end up on a list. Can you explain the process or are you just spewing conjecture?
If it becomes a criminal proceeding they may very well access the financial statements from the banks. All this is moot - the form should have information how to proceed and, given that OP ordered 0.5mw they should contact customs to get it sorted. If they've got the paperwork to show they ordered 0.5mw, then there will be no prosecution even if the actual power turned out to be greater.
Well, I'm glad we have one in our en suite when the pipe under the sink burst...
Hehe, we were being sarcastic and making it up! :) But seriously, if that sounds fun to you, maybe Kan Ban?
&gt; from Veganpuncher bit of politeness never hurts a small sub like this. We might meet one day. Ok, I apologise and will take it under advisement. :)
$59.95 a case here. I can't say hipsters destroyed it for me, though - I never liked the beer.
&gt; Nobody sells beer at a 300% markup You might want to rethink that one, big manufacturers here are getting close to that on their "craft" lines. &gt;$59.95 AUD. Standard 24 case. To put it into perspective, a true craft beer will run you $80 - $90 dollars per case here.
I bent 4 pins on a 2MB memory module when I first tried to insert it, they snapped when I bent them back. Soldered them back on, never got it to work. :(
The real LPT is always in the comments: If you need a 30 second buffer to reconsider sending an email, you shouldn't be using a computer.
That's not really that big of an achievement when you consider geo-political stability has increased significantly over the last 100 years and, likewise, life expectancy has increase a significant amount as well.
&gt; The founding fathers actually did not want a standing military, relying instead on the militia. Are you a constitutional judge?
I need to fly a family of four - two adults, two kids under 12, from Adelaide to Denpasar departing 1st October, returning 14th October this year. What can you do me for?
I was looking at the picture and thinking about weight reduction... why do their boots have heels?
AMAs are always at the wrong time for me, feel free to take it as your own.
No. They're 5 1/4" or 3 1/2" or 8".
What about the cardboard boxes kids toys come in? They've got those fancy hard plastic windows.
No, it's easier to just bitch about it online.
Going from DSL on Adam or iinet to nuskope is changing the delivery technology, so no wonder you haven't looked back. ADSL is being delivered over an outdated copper network. These retailers don't own the copper, they are leasing copper from the wholesaler who only give a shit about the condition of it* because they are legislated to. You can thank the Lib's for this mess. *Used to deal with this crap in another lifetime while working for an ISP.
s/^.*fuck up.$/ Yeah, regex checks out.
&gt; memory is fallible. Stating something forcefully enough and often enough is enough to undermine someone's perception of reality. That is the real danger here. We can laugh and point out how factually inaccurate it is until the cows come home, but news sites are going to die, reddit is going to die and the trumpwhitehouse.gov website is going to live on with the archived footage. :(
Mom, I'm not a virgin anymore! Oh, and Uncle Freddie has died.
Mate, it's the best way to see our land that's girt by sea. :) Stay safe.
&gt; someone slipped something into his drink Can you elaborate more on this? Like, how do you know someone slipped something into his drink? I'm not trying to be a dick, vets can sometimes have PTSD hit at startling speed with little prior warning.
Shit on a CD-ROM and call it a product, Oracle.
&gt; do the VP's not have something better to do? I found that really humorous - working for a US company in Australia - the importance placed on titles. It seemed like every-fucking-body was a VP or a Senior VP or a Vice VP or an Executive VP.
That's totally what I thought! They should have responded "500m at the Guttenburghring."
What the hell. That's just nasty.
&gt; the welfare equivalent in Norway was the same level of income as Tesla Those sort of shenanigans really poison the image of a company. :(
&gt; she couldn't tell me the exact nature of the issue, but that he had an extremely violent past and I needed to get him out of the building ASAP. That comes off negligent to me. At whom was the violence directed? Neighbour's kid or the last manager trying to walk him out? Did she suggest having a security presence or other staff assist?
Well, when they're out of work, they're hilarious!
Straight to the pool room! Wog is not used for people with black/dark skin in Australia. Wog, as /u/tellhimhesdreaming says, is used to describe, predominantly: * Greeks and fish and chip shop owners * I-ties and home made wine makers * Macedonians, aka the original fully sick mad cunts who sometimes allied with the skips in the schoolyard because they had a beef with the wogs. Normally, calling someone "ah, ya bloody wog" is ok, calling them "ya right wog bastard" not so much.
If I can quote the new secretary of defence: A bug-ridden program, violently executed today is better than any regression tested, architected solution tomorrow.
Thanks Malcolm.
You're being sarcastic, aren't you? He didn't intentionally set out to shaft the project, he set out to shaft the government of the time by proposing an alternate NBN and making sure it was costed cheaper. Unfortunately, the technological compromises were just too great. Regardless of which NBN we built or whose plan we followed, a project of that scale and nature would always be delayed in some manner.
Making Jokes Great Again!
The latter seasons came off as being written as TV shows rather than book adaptations.
Why is our government's money being spent on forcing kids into learning about religion? This is a non-evidence-based belief system that has no place in an education system. Rip government funding out of religious private schools and allow parents to salary sacrifice their child's education cost instead. You want your child to be raised believing lies? You pay for it.
Being brought up religious, however, benefits no one in the long term.
No - you pay a small portion of it. The rest is paid for with public money.
&gt; Just don't shove it down the throats of others That's exactly what a religious school education does and it's funded by government money. &gt; can do for you as an individual. Yay, religion can help people feel better about themselves, while pitying the others who won't get into heaven, nirvana or some grand spaceship. It also feeds anxiety and social exclusion. It's clear that religious teaching does more harm than good on a societal scale and that's contrary to what government spending should be about.
How did an Australian version of 'words with friends' end up in Utah?
So Catholic schools teach safe sex and contraception, then?
&gt; Your idea of religion in schools is just incorrect, and not at all the way you are visualizing it. You are putting words in my mouth. Catholic schools cannot teach contrary to the Vatican's words or they lose their funding. I have children in a private religious school. I have not suggested that people are tied down and force fed "believe or perish", the schools do not need to do that. To put my own words in my own mouth: The far greater evil is the subtle influence being put onto our children of religion being the answer and to submit to a higher power, and the idea that morality is born from religious ideals. I see this being taught to my children at their school and the same being taught at my niece's and nephew's schools. That's encompassing 4 differents schools and denominations.
IIRC, the faster charging use a higher voltage... at least that's what the numbers on my samsung charger indicate.
Full fucking kudos for Ray taking action to change his life.
&gt; "he managed to change his life, why couldn't you" rhetoric. You're fucking delusional.
Was it 12 or 13 bottles, though? if(can_buy_milk) { buy_milk(1) } if(store_has_eggs) { buy_milk(12) } // result = 13 milks. if(can_buy_milk &amp;&amp; store_has_eggs) { buy_milk(12) } // result = 12 milks. edit: bug-fixes.
if(eggs&gt;12) milk=milk-12; that bothers me.
I know. I found it humorous, so left it.
Nah, the logic. a) why does eggs have even have a value that can be checked against the number 12? b) why is eggs&gt;12 even related to the need to buy milk? Assuming eggs is the count of eggs at the shop (144 implies it is), then the condition should be eggs &gt; 0?
Sounds like a nightmare you pass to each other by value.
No. You can purchase 1/2 dozen eggs at grocery stores here in Australia. The assumption that you always purchase 12 eggs is incorrect. The joke revolves around purchasing milk not eggs and, aside from eggs being a condition to purchase milk, they have no relation to milk nor are actually purchased in the joke, so why are you reducing stock of eggs at all?
You keep on assuming, I'll keep on using expert domain knowledge.
Because I'm trying to understand why you won't rationally discuss my questions regarding your code.
They're willing to give a loan out to the GF knowing she cannot service the loan without input from the BF to help cover expenses and not require him to be counter-signed on the loan? That sounds extremely risky on the lender's behalf.
Lol... the language this was written in doesn't have polymorphism. Even if it did it's dealing with the simplest case (i.e. purchase milk) to abstract out unwarranted detail.
Sounds funny, but it's what's happened to others.
And, typically, if people don't like your opinion you're gonna get down voted. I had high hopes for this game - it's a beautifully presented game, but the play is just missing something for me. Maybe the engine is just not as intuitive as Viticulture?
&gt; Get a mortgage broker. This. We had no idea what we were doing when we first bought. Broker sat down and outlined the entire process for us, worked out what the banks would give us and then helped us work out what's a realistic amount we could borrow (i.e. banks would give us 2m, but there's no way we could afford to repay that with our spending). Broker will discuss things like LMI, stamp duty, where your money has to go during the process and so on. Good luck! edit: Something that helped us when we were looking. Both of us made a top ten list of things we were looking for in a house, then picked the top ten from those two. If a house didn't meet at least 5 of those things, we simply didn't go out to it. You're gonna spend a lot of time looking on the weekends, so anything you can do to make it more efficient is going to pay off.
I suspect the people who make these decisions truly believe they are being innovative.
I got gifted a bunch of long neck stubbies of the type prized by homebrewers here. Lent them to my brother with about 3 re-iterations of "I want them back when you're done with them". 6 months later, ask him if he's finished with the stubbies - "Oh yeah, I took them to the recyclers".
Being made redundant is a hobby now?
That's completely apart from the combined imagination. Throw your phones in a basket or find other players.
You know she was happy to give you happiness, right?
Back in the day all it used to cost was a loaf of bread or a roll of lace.
To be fair, a lot of those cousins are removed.
You'd really want him to get a couple of minutes practice on some bacon rashes before hitting a human, though.
Like Kirk said to Spock: I'll take your guess any day. You are correct in your summation. No stereo.
&gt; If I were still a customer service rep, I'd turn you down and tell you to come back with a physical or emailed copy of your receipt. You'd be fired, is what you'd be. I hate to break it to you, but I haven't come across a single store that hasn't accepted the photo on my phone of a receipt. Zoom and scan and off they go. Can't scan? Search by receipt number or credit card. This idea of batching data and it taking time to load across different sites is either mom and pop enterprises or shops operating in the 2000s.
&gt; Americans or Europeans move to Manila I always thought it was easy accessibility to vulnerable children.
Within context.
Older brother and I played it all the time too - but in space. You could blow paths through the asteroid field as well.
You can't say any more than this. It was a fuck up, sure - but the bigger fuck ups, plural, were the company's. Production access credentials in a document issued to new staff? Untested backups? CTO making noise to cover his own arse? You've got nothing to worry about and, if by some small chance, they do take any legal action - you have excellent defence in all the mistakes the company made to create this situation. Much like you, I too deleted a production database once. Restored in 22 minutes, no other repercussions than that story coming back to haunt me at a new job 10 years later.
You have not doomed the company. If this breaks them, they've already set this up for themselves. The dominoes don't all neatly fall just because the first one tipples over - careful actions have laid all the other dominoes beforehand.
In this case, following your story, the cables were not only colour-coded badly, they had old labels on them that directed him to plug them in to the database that contains the businesses live data. The CTO screwed up, this poor guy was sacrificed for it.
&gt; that's why you make procedures, test them Test them is a big one that a lot of companies skip out on. You need to periodically attempt to restore on of your backups to ensure it can be done.
We had a network engineer push out a router config to an edge router which then replicated across the network. His config was flawed and no routing took place. Shut down pretty much all customer traffic on a national ISP in Australia. That guys punishment? He had to develop and document a release procedure.
Don't email him, slack him. :)
Internode, when it was still good :)
It's funny how little actions like throwing out a box of business cards hit us with our own mortality. Whose hands would these have been put into? Which shops would they have walked through while in a wallet?
Was it the woolies and avocados that threw you off?
Not sure why you would be downvoted for this. There are plenty of turning points in recent history that pushed us into greater awareness: Hey Hey's blackface, AFL sledging and crowd participation, and even Rudd's apology speech. Some of them embarrassing, some downright shameful and some heartfelt and sincere. &gt; Still at work we give the French guy as much shit about being French as we do to the Asian guy. All of them give as good as they get though. There's a lefty-tradition thinking that the only acceptable way to celebrate cultural diversity is to hold hands at festivals and eat overpriced food from the food van. Maybe that's why your being downvoted? IDK, just trying to figure it out.
I'm in the same boat as you, turns out there's another guy who shares my first and last name in the same fucking city. What's worst is I know him and we went to the same school. At the start of every year, I'd have to go to the office to let them know they've deleted me again and no, I'm not a duplicate record.
&gt; traffic you hit in town The one saving grace is that they are more courteous and will make room for you to merge or change lanes when you need to. &gt; don't underestimate how much longer it'll take to get ~~to your actual destination~~ anywhere It's a big city and there are some absolute prick of some roads that hit standstill during peak. It once took me 3 hours to travel 11kms at 8am - admittedly, this is an extreme example, but I would factor in big travel time for any outing while living there. The other thing to just run through your head are hook turns. Mostly in the CBD, if you want to turn right, pull over to the left of the intersection and wait for the light to turn yellow and traffic to stop... then turn. This keeps the right lane clear for trams. All in all, you'll have a blast - it's a fun city. I have, on many occasion as a young lad, finished work on a Friday arvo, drive over Friday night, sleep Saturday day, hit some raves Saturday night, sleep Sunday morning and head back Sunday night, ready for work Monday morning.
So will reddit...
Not quite, but he has gotten a number of interviews based on the name, only for the interviewer to realise he's not me when he walks in the room. :) So, similar story, opposite outcome.
I hope you've come round and been able to laugh at the whole situation now!
Exactly as it's spelled.
But who were you before the French named you?
That horse bolted the day we started feeding them electrolytes.
Well, it appears to pass a basic error level analysis used in forensic analysis.
Suitcases?
lock up your daughters!
Mega-expensive. :(
I can't wait to watch his last video.
Haha, I'll do my best: 1) Centrelink, our government welfare administration agency, has forced some indigenous communities to use a welfare debit card that cannot be used to purchase alcohol. They are now attempting to force certain demographics to have to use the welfare debit card as well. 2) Housing prices in Australia, Eastern states in particular, are in a bubble and potential first home buyers are being priced out of the market by investment purchasers. One dickhead, cunt-faced (if you squint) investor was [quoted in the news](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/food/wp/2017/05/15/dont-mess-with-millennials-avocado-toast-the-internet-fires-back-at-a-millionaire) complaining that millennials ate expensive, smashed avocados on toast for breakfast - hence why they are unable to afford to buy a house. As an aside, there's [no love lost](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-09/joe-hockey-accused-of-insensitivity-over-sydney-house-prices/6532630) from our previous federal treasurer either. 3) Woolies is vernacular for Woolworths - a large grocery chain in Australia. It is referred to as one half of the duopoly in the Australian grocery sector, Coles is the other half. What /u/Aussie-Nerd was saying is that he won't be able to purchase all that alcohol (3 cartons of beer and a box of cask wine) with his Centrelink issued welfare card, so, in a cash and trade based economy, he'll purchase avocados from Woolworths and trade them for the alcohol. Mates have got to look after each other when you've got bastards running the country.
Does he need certification to produce food commercially?
It's the principle of privacy, regardless of whether something is super secret.
But giant diapers are the bomb! You can get two or three rounds of number twos in on diaper, sufficient to see you through a couple of days.
Did you throw the bible out before you left?
You're going to get really open ended answers without being a bit more specific. Have you had jobs in the past? What industry? Do you have any skills you think you could apply in the workplace? (E.g. I've worked before at a sand-casting place; I've done building labour; I'm keen on computers and have setup lan parties before)
Coming from the other side - I used to fix hearing aids in another life. I'd return the fixed hearing aid to the client and, once they put it in and turned it on, I'd make small talk to validate with the client that the aid was functioning as expected. I'd often just trail my voice off but keep moving my lips until I started laughing. At least the smiles I got back were genuine.
You must be my brother in law.
Hahaha... it was a, uh, question.
Stop it, I'm curling up like a delicate flower.
Linked from my Google+ page.
Highly recommended venue. Staff are fantastic and you're guaranteed to find a great beer. Second only to the Wheatie in my book.
That sucks. :( There's a great series on iView, I think it's called "You can't ask that", with a fantastic episode interviewing people who have attempted suicide.
Too true that! I keep on seeing these posts from the US "Look at this great boardgame I found in a thrift shop these weekend". All I find is an endless supply of Headache and Sale of the Century.
What I found helpful in starting to be more physically active (and turning mental health around) was something I read that talked about motivation being a fickle thing. It said you don't need motivation, you need discipline. It made it a little bit easier on a winter morning to get up and go to training.
My older cousin would always lament that the last few years of high school and early adulthood were the golden years of life. I learnt a lot about what I don't want to be as an adult from the very adults that were so kind to me as a kid. Still love them dearly, though.
Maybe a bandwagon, but have you tried medical marijuana?
Fuck that. You do what you want.
I'm assuming the one that found it carried it in his anus until he could pass it on to his child. I know I would...
Of all things... now I want to see a picture of this lovely fox mug.
I don't know computers, but I know what I like.
And Vets (animal vets).
And, uh, seasonal.
Have a friend who is a steward on a private jet. 2 weeks on a month, 2 weeks off. Those 2 weeks on are spent being completely at the whim of the owner. He's well paid for it though. Have even managed to catch up with him a couple of times when the owner had to fly down here to Aus.
Nathan Barley. Short series, seriously good. Has given me one of my life mottos: Today ridicule, tomorrow really cool. Oh, and The Lost Room.
It was a love story, Queen Bee and the Bitch.
It got repetitive pretty quickly, tbh.
First time I've seen an erect penis on American television. Absolutely beautiful.
Yeah, I see what you mean.
I'd think it would be less about demand and more about a sustainable industry.
I am really surprised to hear that about either place. SA staff have always been all smiles and pretty pleasant for me and the fridge next to the bar has a suitable selection if there's nothing on tap you want. Wheatie has a pretty varied selection on tap and the staff have always been too busy to be anything but all service whenever I've been there. I'd expect nothing has changed in the last couple of months since you've been there, but it's worth a try again.
Fair enough, I wasn't thinking in the mindset of someone willing to travel to chase work.
Every time I'm there I think: If we lived here, earning the same money, we'd be living in a mansion and driving nice cars. Then I remind myself that we would not have the same quality of life or family support.
Not sure why you're being upvoted so much when you've gone off on a tangent without really answering the question. You touch on density increases but fail to talk like for like. At the same point in time, what's the difference between 500GB vs 1TB mechanical drives? More platters. SSDs? Higher capacity chips or more chips in the same form factor. Either way, you've been upvoted by a number of people who see a couple of buzzwords and think it's a credible answer.
You answer correctly. The original answer was just tangential bullshit, upvoted by people seeing jargon.
We've sold enough ice and coal that we can all afford houses and cars? :P
Can't you share the scaffold?
Are they coming back in style?
Nah, twig is 40 zone. If nobody is working, but somebody once did, it's 25.
What what? Melbourne drivers are far more courteous than Adelaide drivers... indicate and you'll find a space.
Terraforming Mars is a game that I love for the mechanics. Scythe, on the other hand, is a game that I do not like, despite the component quality.
Funny, we relocated at the Port/Essendon game tonight because a fellow Port supporter was making our ears ring.
to be fair, the guy was in on the set up too.
Are we talking the two agents getting married and arresting all the people at their wedding?
Probably me, I'm prone to misinterpreting sentences. In fact, I used to be quite sociable and quietly laugh at the grump old men I worked with... some mentored me, some tried, but while extremely knowledgeable in our field, they just came off as abrupt and gruff. Now, I find I'm one of those guys... want shit done, send me an email, but don't come and piss in my ear. B.T.W., I was thinking of the two agents who held the mock wedding and invited all the drug dealers to it, only to arrest them at the ceremony. Either way, I've just driven the family 9 hours across the country and need to go poo.
I think the intel was explosives fashioned to look like a laptop battery pack. The energy density of explosives in a laptop battery form factor would be much greater than a laptop battery.
Hahaha, I think it's too late to close the gate now that the Trump has bolted.
&gt; Being president is, I have to admit, harder than I thought it would be. Stop multi-tasking by trying to run the country and build your brand at the same time.
Random, 9.
I haven't bought in over a year, but I'm lucky enough to game with a group that includes my best friend. He's got ~1,000 games in his collection, so there's always plenty to play. Having said that, he's had a hard time this last 6 months so he hasn't bought anything new since Scythe. I've just quietly backed a couple of kickstarter's he was interested in, but couldn't afford, as presents for him.
Holy crap, you're pure genius. Evil genius, but genius nonetheless.
That's Mr. Walker, to you.
And then the person who comes to the aid of the person who came to your aid... as recently happened in Australia where someone decided to use a petrol powered pressure cleaner inside a water tank. :(
Might I suggest that a shotgun is what killed Kurt?
&gt; "well, they're all the same size, so good luck with that one." You know, as soon as he heard that line, the magician is going "fuck yes!" on the inside.
You're such an empathetic soul.
LSD is so bloody hard to find on our island.
A quick search of recent (2010+) studies indicate that Canada is doing something right with infant mortality being roughly on par between home deliveries and hospital deliveries. The US, [however](https://www.degruyter.com/view/j/jpme.ahead-of-print/jpm-2016-0200/jpm-2016-0200.xml)... &gt; The death rate for midwife-attended home births was the highest, though, with almost 13 fatalities for every 10,000 deliveries, the study found. That compares with roughly 6 deaths for every 10,000 hospital deliveries by a doctor and about 3.5 deaths for each midwife-attended hospital birth. Give your situation, I understand why you would feel comfortable having a home birth. For others, I'm finding it hard to understand why they would knowingly increase the risk of their child dying.
&gt; This item does not ship to XXX, Australia. Can't wait until Amazon open up shop here. Also missing from your list is a proper work table/surface. Really hard to do nice joints without a good layout surface.
Sometimes you'll use bolts in shear loads to allow for disassembly. They'll need to be properly sized, though. Your situation looks like it won't be disassembled until it's taken down for good - so go nails.
Yo! I like this new show, but that watermark is annoying as hell.
Ah, security through obscurity.
Don't you find it worse for your blood pressure not being able to respond in a timely manner?
Whatever you're doing, if it involves bodily fluids... it's punk.
We've had a free gumtree (craigslist for australia) dog for the last 2 years. She's cost us more in vet bills than the TCO of our last german shepherd.
Nothing to do with it being a Steinway, entirely to do with it being a 5 man job.
Agreed. I feel so dirty, I laughed.
&gt; stallman triggered.sh FTFY.
Like $750 million profit expensive?
Lol, I gave mine away on the adelaide subreddit. Guy came around and picked it up for a mate's build. Shook hands, end of story. Good guy too.
Mistype on both fronts - $570m revenue, $53m profit. SAI's business is selling back IP created by non for profit groups in industries. Information that should be in the public domain and they're steadily closing off any avenue of free access. Their core business is not the dissemination of information, or the verification of standards, it's lobbying for restricted access to that information.
Honest question - how do you work in an industry that you have no respect for, you see the negative impact it has on society, and not hate yourself? /coming from someone who developed software used by banks and three letter agencies and left utterly depressed.
&gt; Yes, he does stand his round I don't understand what that means.
Sweating like an elephant.
&gt; (waking on a 90 yo guy taking shit is no bueno) I can't figure out if you dropped an 'l' or an 'n' there...
&gt; Utter lunacy. That we all pay for. :( "Clean coal" my arse.
I'm surprised no one has helped them along yet, tbh. This generation of pollies have effectively privatised higher education, health care, power generation and transport. Public service? I don't think so.
Jeebus. We'd make that back in 6 years :(
&gt; We have problems now, 15 years is far too long to wait. That's the kind of forward thinking we need! /s Better to have a mothballed nuclear power generator in 15 years than to not have the option at all, in my opinion.
Me too and the rest of the planet, eventually.
How so? Daytime loads with pool pumps, nighttime with heating. At the feedback rates for new connections, it'd only be that way if daytime consumption was greater than production.
I often bring penii, but never a penis.
&gt; make peace with my conflicts. If a conflict is worth having, it's worth carrying to your death.
This study is missing: . a measurement of tongue roughness vs defined average tongue roughness . measurements of saliva amounts per lick How am I, as an average Joe, supposed to infer how average I really am when I know my tongue is rough like a cat's, but dry like the Arizona desert, yet it still takes me 629 licks to hit the center of a Tootsie Pop?
Poly Waffle!
Save yourself the hassle, you will not sneak it past them.
I had a great laugh when I went up to the buffet and a horde of little migrant kids swooped through just before me and picked the stand clean like a plague of locusts. 30 years earlier, those kids would have been my family doing the same thing.
All you can eat pizza at Pizza Hut and all you can eat crumbed prawns at Sizzler. Snag a table near the kitchen door and play cards all night.
The instant knotting of my stomach. Well done.
So... were you married?
Lucky there were no smoke detectors in the shipment! NT times: "GLOW IN THE DARK CROC COMMANDEERS TRUCK"
CORBA. Explain pointer arithmetic to me: "Well, I use my point finger on my right hand to count on my left hand..."
If your daily job is troubleshooting customer's internet connections over the phone, it's great knowledge, otherwise it's a google question. Besides, there are numerous other across all the platforms to determine if something has connectivity and at which layer.
You're totally right saying "brick fence".
How do the suicide rates compare between the US and Japan? I'd wager that the US won't put bars on windows because "it's barbaric", yet people still work 10+ hours a day with only 2 weeks vacation or 2 jobs with zero vacation.
Oh absolutely, I love going to popup eateries and finding the toilet stacked full of shit with a used tampon on top. Definitely cleaner than my bathroom at home.
00 on the random encounter table.
The choice that you and your friends made was the right choice. I'm sorry it turned out the way it did, but you are a good friend for making that choice.
But the farmer is screwing the sound chick between filming!
If you stick to driving between those hours, you'll be fine. /getting old too.
# $40,000 That is highway robbery.
Hahah, I'm with you. Bought employee shares at 2.15 and again at 1.50, thinking they'd go up. Sitting around 80c right now. Either way, it wasn't much and it was money I can afford to lose. At least I get to vote nay on the yearly pay rise for the useless CEO. :)
That handwriting.
At a comfortable wage of $100k, that's only 10 years of dicking around. Throw in purchasing a house, car, boat and snorting coke out of a hooker's crack, 2-3 years living.
Meanwhile, the local Shell is still holding their diesel at $1.36. Ha ha.
IIRC, there were around 60 questions and you've got to get 10 compulsory correct and a percentage of the rest correct. Honestly, read the book a couple of times, take the online test repeatedly until you can do it with no wrong answers and you'll be fine.
What happens in that scenario... do they let you then continue on your merry way with 6 in the car? Does one of you have to run along behind the car, like my Aunty made me when I was 6 and commented that I could run faster than she could drive?
I love that show. Stay frosty gentlemen.
"Work hard and you'll get ahead".
You never know, some girls are into pegging.
&gt; Glass houses [Glasshouses](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/glasshouse).
Who you calling an idiom? Silly me.
What's the backstory here?
Ah, busy at work and getting house ready to sell - so haven't kept up with any news. Thanks.
All the larger adult stores should carry similar items.
The question is how did they come up with the "an average household of X people use Y electricity" numbers? For all we know, they could be pulling low figures out of their arses to make your high electricity bill seem more reasonable. The whole industry comes off as a scam, another thing our politicians should be ashamed of.
There used to be one in Da Costa Arcade. Nice cuts, always awkward for me when she does the head massage bit at the end. Might still be there.
Other side of the river at Mannum. Nice little spot, free, toilet, grass. Ferry and walk into the pub.
&gt; Uni to up-skill That's a fantastic idea. I went back at 27 - was funny listening to the talk in the tutorials where everyone is discussing which pubs are selling cheap beer that night. I found a few other mature aged students and we tended to clump together. It's never too late to learn (unless you're learning you're too short to reach the brake pedal).
Stupid, smelly and dropping hair everywhere?
Wait what? Shazzm is saying they're bill says their average daily use (for their two person household) is higher than an average 4 person household. You're saying that your usage is less than a single person household. The opposite of they said.
Ma'am, I thought you'd all like to know what it's like to be served a fucking ugly dessert. Enjoy your smashed chocolate cake with tomatoe sauce drizzle and jus-de-jour.
Haha, yeah, true that.
Which companies would be good to talk to about mentorship if I'm interested in starting a medical grow company in a country that's on the verge of making it legal but lacks an established industry?
Hey, I can roll over my taco into my mortgage and pay it off over 30 years instead! Your $5,000 taco just became a $7,500 taco.
Printers Ink - specifically in boardgames. Nothing like opening the shrink wrap, pulling the lid of the box and sticking your nose into carcinogenic goodness!
That's a nice experiment you've undertaken. When I calibrated audiology equipment in another life, measurements from the speaker were taken 1m inline - I wonder if you'll see such a marked difference at that distance. 1dB is the difference between two output that is discernable to the average human ear and 3dB is a doubling of power, so 5 dB is a fair boost from the reflex tube.
Homebrew ftw... until you have to use Shrewsoft. To be fair, that's not homebrew's fault, entirely shrewsoft's crappy software.
We're at that point where we need to start looking at high schools. Kids in private school atm and the choice we have is... do we jump from 6k per kid per year to 18k for private school or put that money into a mortgage and buy in the zone for a good public high school. Yay! House went on the market yesterday.
If you don't mind me asking, what's the double in?
There's an excellent book studying education in Australia and the take-home message is this - The biggest impact on a child's education in order of importance is: parent's interest, good principal encouraging good teaching and... i forget the third. The author did talk about old school ties carrying far more weight in the eastern states than it does here.
Someone doesn't like hearing the voice of reason. Thanks for your input, we're hoping to build in the next year and you've steered me strongly in the direction of building off-grid as a must-have.
St Johns in Port Adelaide is worth a look in. Don't think it's all female, but used to have a strong female presence with an emphasis on spirituality over religiosity.
Smallish, they were 4th or 3rd largest circa 2010. They used to take pride in their network. Was a great time to work there.
The problem with ADSL is that your speed is completely a function of the copper lines. That is, frankly, out of the control of your retail ISP. You can have, literally, two houses next to each other getting wildly varying speeds all because they're serviced by different copper.
I enjoyed listening to them, except for the groan-inducing interviews, but am very happy for the change. /Tired of the formulaic challenge everything interview.
