Patch it with sheets of styrene, use filler to blend, and then sand to shape. If the error is that large, contact the manufacturer; they will supply you with a new part free of charge, usually. The current mfg is Round 2 models, and they are supposedly very nice people.
Again, it depends. There is no absolute answer for this. My preferences change by project and there's no "standard answer" even for myself. Also, models photograph differently than what our eye sees, so what looks pretty in a photograph might actually look horrendous in person. Light/bare metal airframes with too dark washes (dark brown, black) look silly. Dark airframes with dark colors make no sense. For the grey aircraft, it can be more towards the dark brown/gray/black range, it depends on *where* the area is. See my F/A-18E in 1/144. The wash is a sludge of payne's gray, and a touch of raw umber. http://imgur.com/a/YMU4a
There is also a third alternative: prebuilt mixes and guides written by Mig productions, AK, and the Spanish companies. A cottage industry has sprung up in the last 5 years that has since swept the model press by storm, where they offer everything from particular effects (rain, grime, snow, mud, oil, whatever), to specific color "modulation" effects (dark, light, shadow, worn paint, chipping fluids). Often sold in "packs" that encourage you to buy a product for every single effect you want to create, while providing professional/expert builder advice on how to achieve or clone their effects that they've become known for. That would remove much of your questions, because someone has already figured it out for you (as well as dilution, chemistry, mix ratios, paint compatibility). I personally stick with very "easy remove" materials like pencil graphite, pastel chalk (poor man's weathering powder), acrylic gel mediums, and watercolors. I rarely use oil washes because I find the smells unpleasant and cleanup tedious. I also tend towards "cleaner" builds because after spending all that time building a model I can't be bothered emulating field conditions in many cases, save for armor models. Finally, there's a modern trend towards dirtying up just about everything, including things where it might be excessive. Preshading and the like are very useful techniques, but when overused, create *visually interesting* but not actually accurate paint and wear patterns. There was a hilarious "letters to the editor" from a former tank crewer in Fine Scale Modeler in the last year or so, where a former tank crew member said "STOP IT WITH THE RUSTING TANK TREADS." He claimed that operational tank treads, while muddy, would NOT be rusted; instead, rocks and asphalt would tend to polish it in a color more like a gunmetal/black color. There's some truth to this. Further, Spencer Pollard, even 10 years ago, said something like (He used to write for a now defunct magazine, but has taken up shop elsewhere with other English magazines) "there is a trend these days of weathering everything up to the eyeballs, without any regard to how the originals might have survived in combat." (It was for a review of a Revell 1/32 HE-162, which frankly, would've had very short operational lifespans from finishing of construction to final disposition). If you want an example of this taken to the extreme, see Revell Germany's box art models of the 1/32 Hawker Hunter (preshading on panel lines gone *way* out of hand), or their 1/32 Hawk T.1A (preshading to the point where it's like the mechanics painted black rings around each drop tank.)
Future is allegedly designed to be self levelling (it's floor polish, after all, the original users, people with hardwood floors, would hardly spray this stuff, use a mop or something like that), but where possible, I would spray it. For your woodworking project, OP, take a sample and test it. my F-18E has it brushed on using a wide brush (about 1/4th inch wide, it's a model a few inches wingtip to wingtip). http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/ See also: https://sites.google.com/site/donsairbrushtips/future-floor-polish And: http://www.pledge.com/en-US/Products/Pages/floor-care-finish.aspx
And no, if the parts are warped (photos)? You send them a photo of them, and ask them politely to send you a new, non-damaged kit, at their expense. Plastic model companies are good about this sort of thing, and Revell isn't bad about it either. In fact, if the kit was in that bad shape in the first place, you should have asked before even starting. In your letter, also note that you bought *two* kits trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, and express (politely) your frustration at being disappointed twice. Ask if there's some way they can make up for the severe inconvenience. It's not inconceivable that if the two kits came from the same flawed production batch that you got two bum kits. I've almost never heard anything (if at all) about poor fitting F-15Es; it's one of those kits that rarely gets criticized outside of absolute accuracy issues. Academy makes an F-15E. http://modelingmadness.com/review/mod/us/labf15e.htm
Professional modelmakers. In the ye olden days professional modelmakers did this kind of stuff on contract. A derivative today is people who build architectural models for a living. Whereas now, CAD and digital models dominate many areas, in the old days, companies, including naval architects and auto manufacturers had entire departments dedicated to modelmaking and making mockups of prototypes. As for the specific builder, I do not know. These kinds of models are not cheap, and cost thousands of dollars.
Where is this office? US? Denmark?
That was a bit tight, but there was no gap (hairline at best). What you do for that is to hold the model vertical, press the point of the noise onto a hard surface, and push.
Wood models became a lot more common in the late 1990s and 2000s (if you go on ebay, you can find replicas of practically any aircraft you can imagine). That is one possible source of the model. It might be a one-off/custom or small batch production for promotional or other purposes. It's worth checking with say, a batman fan forum to see if there's any data. The logo looks rather old and faded (unless that's what the original looked like) indicating it might actually be fairly old. So I'd take a look to see if any promotional models were made, or whether anyone ever heard of these being made as a prize, promo, or office decoration for a studio or something like that (which would be the coolest possibility). For 3 dollars, that's a bargain, even if it's not worth anything as far as collectors value is concerned. It's a nice piece of work and the scale of the model is nothing like a plastic kit. If you can't find any more history on it, it's at least unique and interesting, especially if put in a case next to some vintage comics.
Yes, that might work. I'll have to check the sprocket dimensions. Which Stug did they fit? III/IV?
Sounds like they might fit the bill. I'll see if the mfg gets back to me about spending spare tracks, otherwise I might take you up on those.
You will definitely ruin your canopy. It'll fog the canopy if you attempt to use it, and then you'll have to spend time polishing it back to original state. Tenax is just another plastic welding solvent. While some chemical aspect of it might be proprietary, it's no different than any other plastic welding solvent/cement that you'd use. Some people say that coating canopies in future will allow you to use it without crazing, I'ved had mixed results from that. There are canopy glues that are not white glue (or PVA, as it's known in the trade). Humbrol Clearfix is one. I never liked it much. Revell also makes a canopy glue, though I suspect that's just repackaged white glue. Other white glues with potentially better working properties: 1. Titebond or weldbond (it's one or the other, the name escapes me at the moment, but it'll say it's a general purpose adhesive that is water resistant, but not waterproof) glue. It's a PVA adhesive that is basically a better, quicker drying, and more permanent form of white glue. I believe it's also water resisting, but not waterproof. 2. Tacky glue (available in craft stores). It's a thicker kind of white glue. I haven't used it, but it is one possible alternative. Others: 1. I very rarely hear it recommended, but some people say epoxy might work. However, I'd be skeptical. Lots of epoxy doesn't dry clear and will yellow over time and exposure. Honestly, your best bet is to stick with white glue, buy a solvent based adhesive such as humbrol that is formualted not to craze canopies, and so on.
Sorry, let me look that up. Actually, it's weldbond. http://www.amazon.com/Weldbond-8-120125-Adhesive-4-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000H5OKN6. Honestly, wood glue is a similar formulation (often it's some kind of PVA), but anyway. Heere's a tutorial if you want. the remarks about future being discontinued are not correct, unless you're in Europe (and even then, alternatives apparently exist, and if not, humbrol's new "Clear" product, which I suspect is just rebottled floor polish). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WzaLUL3Ads
Yes, I'm aware of that, but in case people aren't aware. Some larger supermarkets also have it, but that seems to be an east coast thing.
Bottle fed brushes are siphon fed, which means that they generally (but not always) require higher operating pressures, correct alignment of the siphon to ensure proper feeding of paint, and can (but not always) uses more paint. Siphons/bottle feeds also depend on having a certain MINIMUM amount of paint in order for the feed to work. This means that any batch of paint you custom mix either (1) has to be used up in that single session, or (2) must be stored in an airtight container until the next session. This is not a problem if you spray paints without thinning and out of the bottle, but it's much more inconvenient if you spray a custom mix of thinned paint. Some modelers, even if they know the proper mixing ratios for a particular thinned paint, like to use the same batch because you know that that mixed batch will be consistent with itself, but not necessarily with another batch mixed to identical proportions. People use gravity feeds because they operate with lower pressures, can use a tiny drop or two of paint. For example, I used to use bottle feed. I usually had to use several ML of paint and thinner to meet the threshold for the bottle feed. Gravity feed (in a clean brush, mind) requires nothing more than a few drops into the paint channel and some thinner, and that should be enough. Unless you're coating large sections of a model, you're rarely going to fill that paint reservoir anyway. I use cheap chinese made airbrushes, and find them servicable (but seriously ,get a bettter one if you can afford it). The first one I bought had a pretty large cup (4 of 5 ccs, I think). The latest one? I bought a 2cc cup because honestly, I *never* spray enough paint to fill it anyway, so why bother? There are people who use bottle feeds and can get great results. Gravity feed is just a bit easier to use in my opinion. However, either one is fine.
My general order of assembly of the cockpit: 1. Paint the instrument panel whatever color it's supposed to be. 2. Paint the cockpit tub whatever color(s) it's supposed to be. 3. Pick out controls with silver/white highlights, detail paint the controls looking at reference photos where possible, use graphite dust as a highlighter where appropriate. 4. Put future floor polish mixed with the relevant clear color in the radar displays (it's not 100% accurate since powered off screens are black, but it's interesting to look at and a nice effect.) 5. Gloss coat ALL of the cockpit surfaces where decals will be placed. 6. Decal the instrument panel. If it's supposed to conform over bumps and knobs and actual surface detail, make sure to use decal setting solution or it won't stick properly. 7. Wait for the decal to dry. Then flat coat if appropriate. 8. Drop using a very small brush, future into the "glass" dials of the instrument panel. **The instrument panel should be decaled as a separate part where possible (easier to do it that way, since you'll have the most access to it) and then glued to the final cockpit tub. Your order is fine. I would leave the instrument panel OFF if it's separate, because it'll make it easier to place the decals (on a flat surface) instead of trying to wedge it into an already assembled cockpit.
Places to get sci fi kits. This really depends on what it is you want. Companies that make Sci Fi kits these days: Bandai (star wars) Revell Germany (they had star wars kits until recently those might be out of production now). Round 2 Models (lots of classic sci fi, Star trek, Star Wars, fictional spaceflight, some old aurora models of the classics era). Mobius models (BSG, various other sci fi and similar themes). Sites to purchase: Starshipmodeler.com store (you'll pay a bit of a premium for buying from the guy who runs the site; he has an integrated store and it used to be a very good website for sci fi modelers). He has everything from resin bits, to mainstream Japanese sci fi kits, to star wars kits and so on. You can search by subject, scale, material, etc. Culttvman Store. I've never shopped there, but it used to be a pretty good site that displayed builds and articles as well. Hobbylink Japan. Located in Japan, but which gets the latest and greatest as far as Japanese kits and sci fi are concerned. If you want a Bandai star wars kit, for example, they'll likely have it before everyone else. Federation Models. Another older site, which specialized in star trek models (including esoteric resin kits). Not sure how they are these days.
It's not necessary, nor required, nor a rule of this sub.
Nice job, nice build, and ha, the deadline's months away. Maybe a second entry?
One way is preshading. Paint the panel lines (and the darkened area you see) in a color like black. Paint the final color over it, taking care not to completely cover the black or until you see a similar shading of the panel lines and access hatches. This is generally possible only with an airbrush because of the control required to land paint into the correct panel lines, and to also selectively coat the final color on top of the shaded lines.
Use a wide brush, up to 1/4inch wide for the large areas, use small brushes for detail painting. Painting with a small brush will increase likelihood of brushstrokes that you won't like. Resin is not the same as plastic models. As listed by other submitters: 1. It can't be glued by regular plastic glue. Use Superglue/Cyanoacrylate. 2. It MUST be washed prior to painting or anything else you're doing, because it often is coated with silicone "grease"/lubricant that is used to make removing the finished resin item from molds easier. 3. It's much more brittle than plastic. 4. Primer's probably a good idea, i.e. a layer of gray, white, or similar paint (or specially formulated primer) so the final colors have something to stick to. Many tutorials can be found. "Building your first resin model" is the search parameter I used. http://www.oldmodelkits.com/blog/plasitc-model-kits-how-tos/how-to-build-resin-model-airplane-kits-resin-101/
And lower your expectations. Most people's first models are not the best. Honestly, since you're new at this and that's your favorite tank, you really should try building something else (or at least, PAINTING something else) before you try it on your prized model.
Always love these weird guys, who have no apparent sense of irony. However, the reviews are okay, and they do provide shots of what's in the box and the like. If you are of similar political opinions and you don't get offended if you don't share them, it's a resource. I think there are better ones out there, though. He does have quite a collection of models though.
That's a pretty good one. Steelnavy.com also had some decent reviews back in the day, but it looks like the site's been inactive for a while. If you can't navigate the site easily you can always try to search for it through a search engine by typing in the name/scale of the ship and then typing in the website name. There's also a "search within" website function on google that you can use. See e.g.: http://steelnavy.com/ReviewsChapters.htm Occasionally, cybermodeler will also provide in box previews of kits. See here. http://www.cybermodeler.com/naval.shtml It seems that many of the ship modelers with sites (that aren't personal blogs or have extensive collections) tend to have comparatively primitive navigation interfaces. Hope that helps.
I don't think that there's anything to be "careful" about, save for the fact that I (personally) find his political opinions misinformed, ironic, or rather silly. But to each his own. He's a guy who likes building models and does reviews of them, good for him. I guess it *might* be a problem if you're browsing his site at work, in which case your search history might start looking a little NSFW, or your webpage history if he hosts any popups. But then again, if you're browsing the internet at work and you don't have one of those super slow jobs where you have ample free time, then you might have larger problems in the first place.
Plastic: tamiya extra thin, Tenax 7R, testors liquid cement (it's liquid, not any kind of "gel"), and although I've not used it personally Plastruct Bondene. Of the list, I particularly prefer tamiya extra thin and Tenax. Both are *not* non toxic, and most solvent based plastic glues are not nontoxic. Alll of these work on the principle of providing a solvent that melts the plastic and the fuses the two parts to be joined together. It works ONLY for compatible plastics, most particularly for the polystyrene in plastic kits. Because these all dissolve plastic, NONE of them are non-toxic, and all of them have highly chemical smells to them. The non-toxic glue you're using does not use that kind of solvent, which is why it's non toxic. As you've discovered, it also doesn't stick things together very well. When using liquid cement, be aware: this stuff will get everywhere, and you are advised to use it sparingly. Tamiya's liquid cement (particularly extra thin, but a more thicker version in an orange bottle is also available) includes a brush integrated into the cap. If you ever drop a drop of this stuff onto a plastic surface, DO NOT touch it with your fingers, as the solvent will soften the plastic and leave fingerprint marks if you touch that area. Perhaps remove it with a tissue or something. How to use liquid cement: when joining surfaces such as fuselages, it's more like "flowing" the stuff into the gap and letting capillary action do the rest. Wood: Testors wood cement, titebond, PVA wood glue, and rare but still available, Ambroid cement. General guide on model glues: http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/materials/learn-glue/ For most people on this sub and plastic modelers NOT working with resin materials, the main relevant ones are: 1. Liquid cement. 2. Tube cement (there's very little reason to use this stuff, but some people like it.) 3. Canopy glues (usually, something made by a model company either is a form of white glue, or some solvent based types like Humbrol Clearfix).
This provides a highly detailed discussion on glues, but most importantly, on how to use liquid cement to join fuselages (discussing how to properly use the liquid cement to effectively weld parts together). http://www.arcair.com/tnt1/001-100/TNT068-gluing-Wilder/00.shtm
Pretty much. And his storage system for his many models, complete or otherwise is generously described as "inelegant."
I like Duke's idea. It also allows people to use spray paint, which is what a lot of beginners/non airbrush people use. I like this idea though in general.
It's quite a nice kit. Everything more or less fits properly, and the detail is pretty good for the scale. The starter set paints are pretty bad though. The best way I got them to work was mixing them with 50% tamiya clear, but that works only if you're airbrushing them.
An untreated canopy WILL fog if you use superglue, simple as that. Allegedly, a coat of future over the canopy will allow you to superglue it (but not use liquid cement) without fogging. I would test on clear sprue before you bet on that. I've seen it work and not work. If you don't want to risk it, then use white glue. It won't hold all that well, but if the model isn't handled that much, it'll be enough.
US, Amazon, particularly if you have a prime membership. Shipping is fast, and prices are variable, if you keep watch you can get real bargains. A lot of retailers also market through amazon too, even if you said you'd like to branch out. It has essentially taken over, from where I'm sitting, to the point where unless I need a specialty item, I can probably find it at the same price or from the same vendor on the site. SprueBrothers and Megahobby, for example, both sell on there, as does Phil's Hobby, which for whatever reason, does prime shipping so I use their Amazon storefront instead of their actual website, if there even is one. The only thing Amazon isn't particularly good for is supplies (paint, etc) unless ordered en masse, and aftermarket accessories like resin and photoetch tend to be vastly overpriced.
Retail organizations, in that case, Squadron (one of the better selections around), Megahobby (good selection), Freetime Hobbies. Sprue Brothers is pretty good too, and has one of the better selections, as well as live inventory.
The 1/32 kit is much more complicated. The 1/48 kit is very simple and easy to put together. I would recommend that one. The paint job is pretty simple too, mostly just silver (and then whatever decorative colors you choose depending on which aircraft you want to build.) http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/features/p51d48sm_1.htm. The fit is pretty great. barely any filling whatsoever to do, and it's relatively easy for a comparatively detailed model.
I cannot comment on accuracy, but this thread lists some alleged standard loadouts. http://www.ww2aircraft.net/forum/weapons-systems-tech-/heinkel-111-3-6-16-bombloads-36445.html
Doesn't seem that way, after shipping, but I also haven't bought from them in a while. At least it seemed in the old days they made it up on the backend. Squadon also is pretty guilty of this, and they still do it. The selection *is* very good though.
Squadon is rather famous for that, which makes them something you recommend for large orders, but not small ones. For small ones, any savings you get get swallowed up by shipping costs, but if you have a large purchase list it can be worth your while. Shipping to Canada might be different though, that's for sure. Shipping things cross border seems far more expensive than it really should (at least as far as Canada is concerned). Hannants is also very good and the selection is quite good.
&gt; I've run into complete peaceniks who said I was a war monger for building death machines and I've always responded with "those who forget history are doomed to repeat it." You might, then, find this interesting. H.G. Wells, famous peacenik, was well known for playing wargames, and some attribute the modern wargaming with miniatures in part to his efforts. Of course, he also wasn't always a pacifist either. Point is, even pacifists play with war toys, and those who criticize it, well, that's their business. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Wars See also the open source copy of the book: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/3691 Again, the point is, doesn't really matter how you justify it. You can be a peacenik and still play with wartoys. But that's what they are, and no amount of rationalization will get around what the subject ultimately is. Also, while I would personally find hanging up a nazi flag strange, it isn't *that* strange if you think about it. It's not all that far from memorabilia collectors hanging up flags of various military units, displaying medals, and god knows what else. Think of it this way: you really think someone who LOST their side of the war would so favorably view say, an American flag hoisted up in some militaria collector's house? Or a Rising Sun pennant? Or perhaps a flag from the Crusades? It cuts both ways. This hobby in one fashion or another replicates many, many war machines, and for whatever reason, many, many *GERMAN* war machines. https://archive.org/details/littlewarsgamefo00well
It's perfectly fine to leave them off. Sounds like a paper project anyway, so then pick the load you think is appropriate, and move on.
Yes. If you suck at painting, the best way to learn how to not suck at it is....practice painting. That said, if you just like building models, well, it's your model. That's up to you. However, the reason why kits are molded in the base color is so that people don't *have* to paint them if they don't want to.
Also, not gluing means that any area where the join is imperfect, or where there is a seam line, it will be visible. While painting doesn't *automatically* solve this problem, it certainly will be more noticeable if you don't paint, unless the kit is very cleverly engineered, and you're a very, very neat builder who never uses a single drop of glue more than necessary.
Unfortunately, the best answer is a local hobby shop, if available. The one I use next is usually Megahobby, or I just loop it into large orders. Freetime Hobbies I might also have done once or twice. Supplies, unfortunately, especially paints and solvents generally must be shipped by surface mail, so they are slow to arrive. HOWEVER. For whatever reason, if you like AK, Vallejo, or Mig Ammo products, those are available in large lots on Amazon, or in individual "booster packs" as they are marketed these days (e.g. "Allied Tank Colors" or "German Panzer Colors" or "Panzer Aces Colors Pack." Because those paints are waterbased, they tend to be available for fast shipping. For Tamiya, Enamels, and similar, expect to wait for surface shipping. Some places might ship them at low prices, but genearlly, when ordering supplies online, you would probably be best suited to come up with either a piggyback purchase, or buy at least several at once. For me, I have Amazon Prime and I can get AK/Vallejo paints shipped via two day. I can't get that for Tamiya paints, or at least, not without paying extra. See e.g. http://www.amazon.com/Vallejo-Colors-Model-Paint-17ml/dp/B009LQPSBA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435217235&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=vallejo+air
One way to do it is to use a brush coated layer of Mr. Surfacer 500 (or other thick primer) and use a brush to stipple it onto the model.
The answer to that is I should've also said: Get a can of flat (spray is probably better) for after you finish decaling. So it would go like this: 1. Build, paint parts using common sense, i.e. consider prepainting parts that would be difficult to reach once installed or hard to mask. 2. Gloss coat with Future, Klear (the floor polish stuff), or Humbrol Clear. 3. Decal, using solutions if you wish. 4. Seal the decal coat with a flat coat. 5. Weather using your weathering fluids/powders, whatever. 6. Possibly a final flat coat to seal in the weathering. Tamiya paints are good only if you have an airbrush. They are infamous for being difficult to brush paint properly. Not until you get an airbrush, I'm afraid. The only person who provides a tutorial that I like for brush painting tamiya paints is this guy https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/ But I still don't recommend it for a beginner. Humbrol enamels are supposed to be pretty good to work with. Generally however, try to apply thin coats if you're brush painting as opposed to one thick one, and build up the color. This is precisely what Tamiya acrylics are bad at; they strip off the underlying layer when you try to put on the second layer unless you really know what you're doing or have the right thinning ratio. Brush painting tutorial: http://www.finescale.com/~/media/import/files/pdf/c/f/9/basicsofbrushpainting.pdf A good hand brush paint is Model Master Acrylic, but ONLY if you use a enamel or other primer for it, or it WILL lift off when you try to mask/use masking tape on it. Tamiya paint is good, but only if it's sprayed. Some people can get it to brush paint well, but the vast majority of users I've ever run into never brush paint it because it has unfavorable properties for it. Yes, the clearcoat I recommended will make it glossy. However, for decal application, this is *desirable*. You can always flat coat after you finish decaling, which is what most people do. Otherwise, you risk "silvering." A detailed description is at this link. http://uamf.org.uk/faq/decal.html I have built that zero before. This is my attempt at it. I gave up on the starter set paint though. The only way to make that stuff work is to mix it 50-50 with Tamiya Clear, and then to spray it. Out of the bottle, it's garbage. http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/ http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/ I, however, did use an airbrush for most of this, aside from probably the wheels, the engine, and the interior of the cockpit, which is why it looks so splotchy. The interior of the cockpit I think I used the included paint which like I said, is utter garbage.
Depending on what shape or area you're trying to hollow out, a sanding stick will work, or a needle file.
The other, much less precise way to do it is to use overly thick layers of paint of the base color, then stipple, but basically what you're doing then is calling your brush marks the texture. Mr. Surfacer should work okay; it doesn't eat plastic. Use a wide brush, instead of a very small one, and it should work fine. It's a commonly used technique. A thick acrylic medium might also work, but having never tried it, I can't swear by it.
Some people have discussed this. Personally, I find most of these techniques use paints and solvents that are far too hot for what I'd want to use. http://www.armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&amp;name=SquawkBox&amp;file=index&amp;req=viewtopic&amp;topic_id=187454
You can probably use it as a wash. The reason why people tend not to use the same paint for their wash as their primary layer is because the thinner will attack the paint. If the new layer (washes, filters) do not chemically react in any way to the cured paint underneath, that's what you use. The rest of it is just whatever artist material/pigment carrier is easiest to work with or has the most desirable working properties. Would I recommend doing it over a layer of acrylic? Not unless at minimum it's sealed with a coat of future. The alternative is also to use watercolors, which is what I use. I hate messing with oil paint because of the smell, and while the drying time is an advantage and the translucency is also helpful, it's infinitely easier cleanup (and easy rework) with watercolors. Just make sure to use a drop of alcohol or a touch of dish soap to break surface tension. Short answer: yes. Long answer: you're probably better off trying to find something other than the actual paint you're already using to wash it, because if you mess up, you'll end up using solvents that would strip off the underlying layer, or risk interacting with the cured paint. Alternatively, try a commercially available enamel wash.
Any build review would've listed this: Tamiya's website might also have relevant color callouts for their models. However, if you don't have an airbrush I'd convert it to another brand, as they do not brush paint well. http://modelingmadness.com/review/allies/us/cleavermust3.htm
The airbrush I use costs about that much. There are some compromises. 1. They are definitely not precision machined, at least, no more than is absolutely necessary. Expect less precision, more slop, not as finely polished surfaces. (In fact, if I were to buy another one, the first thing I'd do is open it up, diassemble it, lube and polish all parts I think would interfere with the trigger and valve). 2. They need to be kept religiously cleaned, and require more maintenance per session. Why? My theory is that the less precise, rougher machining (and some design flaws) make it easier for paint to catch onto rough surfaces of the nozzle, needle, and tip, making tip dry a bigger problem than with other brushes that are more expensively lined. 3. Are they servicable? If you keep them religiously clean, clean them and strip it down each session (the nozzle, needle, tip, nozzle head), then they work just fine. But if you don't clean it, it will jam a lot faster than everything else. 4. Spare parts are "expensive" relative to the cost of the brush. It's rarely ever worth it to say, buy a new needle, you might as well buy a new brush and have some spare parts.
it means anything in 1/72 (usually) or smaller. Harder to work with because it's a smaller scale. Another good 1/48 kit is the Revell Monogram F/A-18E models. Good fit, super cheap to buy.
wait, are these those oval holes used for venting ballast tanks? The other way is to drill a few holes using a dremel or something, then fill in the hollow "straight" areas with a file. Try on sheet plastic or scrap before you risk your model though. Same principle. Beware heating from the drill bit melting plastic though. With a pin vise, this is not going to happen, but it's so damned tedious. In any case, if you're looking to hollow out all those holes, it's still going to be tedious. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I_UJNaKcbc
There is a simple solution to all this. Make sure (1) your paintjob isn't too rough. If it's too rough, sand it down as you said, using the higher grits as mentioned. You can even polish with a bit of toothpaste on a rag, taking care not to burn through the paint. Micro set is supposed to help it lay down flat, yes, but on a glossy surface, it's even better. Microl SOL is a solvent that is designed basically, for better or worse, to *melt* your decal straight onto the surface, to make it snuggle into the panel lines, etc, etc. If you ever see a decal that is between a panel line, and you see it fully recessed and wonder "how did they do that" the answer is almost certainly MicroSol, Solvaset, or any number of decal setting solutions. MicroSet is more of a surface preparation, which frankly, I bought a bottle once, but I never use. I instead prepare a gloss surface using gloss clear paint, or future, and then decal on top of it. *ideally*, the surface should be shiny and glass smooth, but it doesn't *have* to be. Decal quality also varies by kit. The best decals are generally italian made, and even better if they're from Cartograph, a particular company well known for making high quality, easy to work with decals. You can keep sanding and polishing, and it *will* help. But a gloss coat will be an easier solution, as long as you weren't too rough with your initial color paintwork. 2. Then, the simple solution: spray a gloss coat, wait to dry, or use future floor polish as your "micro set" before placing the decal. 3. Micro sol DOES help, but you're missing the point. The reason why you have silvering problems on a matte finish is because the paint (if you magnify it with a microscope or magnifying glass) is because the texture is not nearly as smooth as a good gloss paint would have on it. Everything everyone else said so far about air bubbles is sound. The reason why decals silver is because there are microbubbles trapped underneath the decal. Set is supposed to help probably break surface tension and try to "suck in" the decals to the microbubbles. However, think about it. What's easier to do? Doing that to a smooth surface, or a micro-pebbly one made by the matte paint/sealer? Sol, when applied after the decal is placed, will also help it conform and partially deals with the problem, but it won't "push out" air bubbles that are already trapped there. Sol should generally be applied only after the decal has been placed in final position. There's a reason for this. Once you put on sol, you should not move the decal at all, and it might even wrinkle as it's drying. The wrinkles will almost always settle themselves out as the decal gets more tightly pasted to the surface. Touch that decal, and it might disintegrate, turn into a melted mess, or what have you. If you ever have a chance, compare the dried texture of matte paint versus gloss paint. You'll notice a very distinct difference. One will be "rougher" than the other.
If anyone else does differently, please do chime in. I am *not* saying my method is best, but that's the one generally recommended as far as I know, and it's the one I use. My bottle of set hasn't left the shelf in a few years. The order I use is this: 1. Build the kit, prepaint whatever parts you like. 2. Prime the model, usually with Tamiya sky gray because i use acrylic paints, fill, sand, etc. 3. Apply preshading, if needed. 4. Apply the base color coat. 5. Postshade, if you wish. 6. Polish if the paint is rough, but this is super rare. 7. GLOSS COAT. I use future floor polish, but acceptable alternatives are spray gloss coatings, gloss varnish, etc. Wait for the coating to dry. 8. Decal. Use either future, or microset (if you want) as the surface preparation, then after decaling, hit the decals with Solvaset or MicroSol. After the decals have dried, use a brush and water to remove the decal setting solution residue. 9. FLAT COAT, this is where your matte coating would matter. Sometimes, prior to this coat I also use another coat of gloss or future to help blend the surface together a bit. 10. Weather. 11. Seal with another flat coat if I want it.
Fill gaps and seams, then shoot primer. The primer coat will then alert you to any remaining imperfections and seam lines. Fix those, resand, then reprime. It may well be the case, yes, that multiple coats of gloss and matte do affect the color a bit, but I find that the effect is small enough not to worry about, and worst case, some people account for this by either using slightly darker or lighter paint (i.e. mixing in a touch of white or whatever). I personally find that the effect is nearly nil, so I don't bother with it, I just gloss then decal then flat, and it looks fine. The only tonal variations I would use is for preshading and postshading, or to introduce shadows into corners and things like that. And yes, they do take priority because you're likely to just sand off the primer anyway when you're done filling and sanding the gaps. I don't actually use real primer. I use XF-19 sky gray because I find it to be easy to spray and work with, and I know that the paint I'm likely to use (Model master acrylic) will adhere to that without lifting when I mask complex patterns. Primer is best sprayed, or done with a paint that is very good for brushing purposes.
Model Master acrylic flat. I spray it through an airbrush.
I would recommend, if you're already using humbrol products, to buy a can of their flat instead.
ALL the things. Statistically you'll see aircraft from me more often, but I build anything. Planes, ships, cars, tanks, rockets, model locomotives (working or otherwise), sci fi, you name it, I'll probably consider it. The only ones I don't really like are anatomical models or similar.
For the jamming problem: Always spray thinner (alcohol, in the case of Tamiya acrylics) after cleaning. Each time I use that brush, I remove the the needle, clean that (usually a rinse is enough unless you waited too long), run water and alcohol through the paint cup, clean the nozzle (after detaching it). To prevent jamming problems, I would do this EVERY SESSION. This is what I mean by more tedious maintenance. It doesn't take long, but it is annoying. Screw it all back together, then blast a bit more thinner through it. Q-tip and alcohol to clean the dried paint in the cup.
if you aren't so insistent on having a six wheel vehicle, the Stryker Mobile Gun System in 1/35 might fit. In theory, you could. But it wouldn't represent anything that I can think of, and further, that would assume that the turret from one vehicle is a drop in fit for another, which even in the same vehicle family, is probably a dubious proposition.
Gunmetal for WWII era, unless there is an intention to weather to incorporate mud, heavy mud, snow, etc. I happen to think many models unless situated in a diorama are too heavily weathered (in the tracks) so I generally leave it to look somewhat worn, but also not coated in mud. Nato black/gunmetal highlights for modern era tracks, again subject to exceptions for rust, heavy mud, snow. Nato black for the track pads, gunmetal/jetexhaust/steel for the linkages. Guide horns and the like in modern armor, if not in muddy situations or heavily worn, also in gunmetal. Grayish wash occasionally used for worn rubber patterns, but easily overdone. Rinaldi in Tankart 3 (whose talents are far beyond anything I can do at the moment or have inclination to do), one example: Dark steel/gray mix, followed by heavily thinned rust colored paint, randomly applied via a sponge. "Planned" randomness is useful. Looking too uniform becomes very obvious. It looks very good. As for me: Wash on completed track sections and road wheels is typically a mud/sludge wash of payne's gray/raw umber watercolors. Sludge/gray washes are also used to highlight road wheel hubcaps, etc. Pigments are ground up pastels, largely of the same shades with some variations mixed in. Some highlights, esp for WWII models (also used occasionally on gunbarrels and gunmetal surfaces) are ground up graphite from pencils, and occasionally, directly applied by rubbing the tip of the pencil against wear areas. My armor models tend to be lightly weathered, and I don't slather on the pigments and oil stains. Washes typically used include: Mix of Payne's Gray/Raw Umber into a mud-like color, which is a subjective, case by case determination. Some rust-colored drybrushing, but rare, and almost always in reference to a reference photo.
what chips, gearboxes, and so on, sprocket mounts?
See /u/Gewehr43's comment below.
This is an old project I just took some photos of. 1/72 Revell Nashorn, painted in standard dunkelgelb with some preshading. It's a bit shiny because I never bothered to apply a flat coat to it (I was still messing with the weathering and the like when I stopped working on it). Just taking some new photos of it since I saw it on a shelf and it'd been sitting there for a while gathering dust. The book below it is Michael Rinaldi's Tankart 3 for modern armor, which I recently bought. It's a very good book. A bit expensive, but recommended. The kit itself is very enjoyable to build, but is also very delicate, which for someone like me who prefers building, is actually preferable. Lots of very small parts that can easily be broken or damaged during removal from the sprues. The gun and tracks constitute the vast majority of the parts. The gun itself is probably a good third to a half of the full parts count of the kit; the tracks are a mix of link and length, which were tedious to assemble but fit very well. Yes, I am aware of the damage to the gun shields. I didn't realize just how thin they really were, so the flush cutter damaged them and I decided to leave them as is. Washes are done with a mix of watercolors, and graphite from pencils. Colors used were raw umber, paynes gray, and occasionally, a touch of burnt sienna, but it's largely too bright to use. Tracks are gunmetal with graphite highlights. I didn't put much rust or anything to them before stopping the project. The wheels are a bit messier than I'd like, but this was an early attempt to try to use circle templates to paint road wheels. I was and remain less than impressed. It wasn't that much more convenient than painting it by hand, and the results were far less precise. Paint order: 1. Tamiya Sky Grey primer coat. 2. NATO black preshading and shadowing. 3. Sand Yellow layer with 50% thinned paint. 4. Future Coat, then decals. The Solvaset reacted a bit with the future coat, causing some clouding, which was solved by spraying another coat of future after waiting a day for it to evaporate out a bit. 5. Second future coat. 6. Watercolor washes and graphite highlights. Silver drybrushing on the periscope.
You paint it after. It's not quite like paper mache, no. It's closer to a kind of "glue/paper" composite material, or a very primitive kind of "plastic." Mix the white glue and water at least 50-50, paint it over the paper. As it tries it'll harden into something stiffer than paper mache and then it can be painted, gloss coated, whatever. You then cover with primer, then cover with paint, then cover with washes for shadows of your choice.
I have this volume on my shelf, which is a fun reference work, even if the vast majority of the techniques are vastly outdated. It's cheap to buy, is useful reading anyway, and provides some interesting insights into historical views on weathering and the like. Something that's of partial relevance to your question: http://www.amazon.com/Modelmakers-Handbook-Albert-Jackson/dp/0394507886/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435634876&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+modelmaker%27s+handbook "Blast bags are often molded on a tank where the gun barrel meets the turret. On large-scale tanks, you can improve the texture by painting diluted white glue onto the molding and applying coarse tissue to follow the contours of the with a brush and more glue, but do not apply so much that the texture is lost. Blast bags can also be added . . . using epoxy putty." The best part is, not a single mention of future, weathering powders, etc; this is really a different era. If you want to go the epoxy putty route, use something like Milliput. If I were doing this, I'd use repurposed poster putty, cognizant of the fact that it will never solidify, which means you can't touch it after it's installed and painted. The alternatives are (1) non-shrink putty or clay of some kind, (2) the tissue and glue method. Another possibility is Perfect Plastic Putty, which does not react with the plastic. Using a large blob of things like Tamiya White, or Squadron White/Green putty, however, risks eating the plastic because they are all solvent based, and the drying times for a "blob" of putty will be quite long. There's surely more out there, but that's one of several ways to do it.
Very nice.
Very nice! Looks like a pretty complex build. In case you're ever interested in smaller scale ships, the 1/700 Slava Cruiser and 1/700 USS Momsen is also very good. The latter includes photoetch for the masts and some railings. Ooo, the Z-38. I bought the 1/700 equivalent, took one look at the box and went: "okay, I can't bend this 1mm fold for the ladders or masts.." (puts it away).
Depends on the size. For major creases like you see in a mantlet, probably just any kind of probe like a toothpick strategically dragged across the surface making indentations similar to the reference photos you have available. It's part of the reason why I'd do it in poster putty in 1/72. Trying to sculpt a mass of glue soaked paper is not exactly a race against time, but it means that if you don't get it right, you can't rework it after it dries, unless you soak it in more water, or add more layers. While the resulting mantlet canvas cover would never set, I also have infinite reworkability until I am happy with it, after which I leave it alone. The suggestions by everyone else offer a second alternative, which is to get the favorable working properties of the epoxy putty (i.e. it's like clay, work it as such to include the folds you're looking for), and then it'll set on its own, permanently fixing the result. Out of the three, if you want a permanent result the best bet is probably an epoxy putty of some kind.
Also, looking at the size of what you're trying to do (I googled a Firefly mantlet), you're probably better off using a putty or similar. However, it's a close call because if you are building in 1/72 scale, it might be small enough for a paper construction to be self supporting. I'd change the glue ratio to something with more glue and less water though.
That demographic survey might be pretty interesting.
You mean like these guys? http://www.aircraftresourcecenter.com/Gal9/8301-8400/gal8347-JMNs-Petrie/00.shtm
Also fun: "Hitler uses the Wrong AK Interactive Wash" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PJaMaEf4ZY
Ah, sorry to hear that. I'm glad to hear that it wasn't the shop I was thinking of though, out in the east.
Enjoy it. It has a pretty old school feel. Has some display cases as well, though they aren't as well populated anymore. Also, if you want a *big* kit, that place carries some.
I'd say this is also one of the newbie friendlier forums, too.
Do explain. Do you have photos, and how did that 35rc chip work out?
What is the killer two year project? And nice job.
I was asking you that question because I thought a shop I went to was going out of business. The address you mentioned is nowhere near where I thought it was, so my shop *might* be safe. It's listed as permanently closed on google, though .
Very impressive.
You might like this: http://www.amazon.com/Bandai-Hobby-E-F-G-F-M61A5-Battle/dp/B001M5BK6A/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451686160&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=bandai+1%2F35
where did you find a Tiger for 100?
I like the sotar, but I do detail painting and fine line work. It has relatively low capacity for an airbrush, but has very fine control. It is not a beginner's airbrush, and needs careful maintenance to prevent damage. It's really more for illustrators than it is for modelmakers. I used a G23 prior to that (yes, I use cheap master airbrushes). I would probably recommend an Iwata CN (they retail for about 50 dollars on amazon). I did not, however, find the difficulties he mentions. I've put undiluted tamiya through it, though Vallejo didn't work that way. That is not recommended practice, but just a counterpoint. I echo, however, that it's really not a beginner's airbrush. I also did not find it particularly hard to clean; in fact, usually, I just flush the cup with solvent/water, and then spray until clear with solvent. I use mainly tamiya, model master acrylic, and vallejo on occasion. Until the Sotar, I was using a Master G23, which requires a very extensive takedown process each time. I also used for a while a pointzero 2cc airbrush, located here. I would recommend not getting a crown cap if you do get one. http://www.amazon.com/PointZero-Precision-Dual-Action-Gravity-feed-Airbrush/dp/B004KNBVVK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451782104&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=pointzero+airbrush+2cc
It has very fine control and the trigger is very nice. I recommend it, but honestly, I learned a lot using a cheap airbrush and now can appreciate how much better it really is compared to a cheap chinese airbrush. It's not as good if you work in large scales, because laying down primer will take forever, or large surfaces.
Is the Alclad stuff lacquer based?
It works, but OP, be careful, that stuff is seriously nasty.
Tamiya kits are generally well regarded, have good fit, etc. Their Fletcher class destroyers are generally considered to be good introductions. Trumpeter also makes a large collection of 1/700 ships, but expect to do a lot of detail painting on those. If you're talking about sailing ships, it's really hard to recommend those to a beginner, since a lot of them are from very old molds (the Revell Constitution for example, dates back to somewhere around the late fifties or early sixties, if I recall, and is a good kit, but hard to build). I have tried building the USS Momsen (Arleigh Burke Class) from Hobby Boss in 1/700, and the fit is good, but you need to be able to work with (or just omit, really) photoetched parts. I would generally avoid "box scale" (that is, in odd scales, not 1/700, 1/200, 1/350) kits from Revell and American manufacturers, as often those are quite old and have fit problems.
If you want wooden ships, however, look for the beginner's lines for Constructo, Mamoli, Artesina Latina, Billings Boats (now defunct, but they made kits for decades so there's plenty of old stock left). A good start might also be the Midwest series of ships (wooden kits, with precut frames in some cases). For beginners, some of the kits come with precarved hulls, or ABS plastic molded hulls; you then install the bulkheads, deck, and details. Many of the brands I listed above carry models of racing yachts that have precarved or otherwise partially prefabricated hulls. Otherwise, you'll have to use planks on bulkheads, or frames, and build the hull yourself from the plans.
Also, the nozzle cap, DO NOT overtighten. The cap should be tightened only as far as you can start to feel the o-ring compress. If you overtighten, for whatever reason (I didn't bother to examine why), it'll constrict paint flow and cause the problems you just described. Also, your nozzle cap might be dirty. Soak/submerge it in thinner to see if there aren't particles or dried paint blocking it.
Can you specify what kind of pigments are these? I'd love to look for these in a local art store.
http://www.ipms-css.org/?page_id=35
Hypothetically, it might work on some level, especially plastic fading, but that's bare plastic, not necessarily painted plastic. Also, most effects would probably be massively out of scale. Water stains don't scale; it's the same reason why even if I painted the tank with the exact shade or even batch of paint from the tank I'm modelling, it might look too dark. Think of how rain might work. The raindrop would be the size of a small bucket in 1/35 scale.
The Sherman. The reason is because you can get away with a much sloppier paint job than you can on that zero and still have it look decent, it's also arguably simpler, because that's a one color tank plus the gunmetal colors for the MG. Supplies can be had from Jan's Hobby Shop, upper east side, NY. I would recommend a can of spray primer (tamiya), then a bottle or three of Model Master Acrylic paints, which brush well if you don't want to airbrush. I painted this FA/18E (in 1/144 scale) using model master acrylic paints. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/ This is much slower than spraying and airbrushing, though. I live in NYC as well. I am really slammed at work right now, but if you want to talk models at some point, PM me.
Xacto number 11 blades and metal holder. For really precise or delicate work a swann Morton scalpel.
Generally, you don't. You wait until as late as possible to put those things on to prevent them breaking. If it's already attached (pitot tubes, antennas) that are molded on the model, what I tend to do is very carefully cut them off, then save them and reglue later.
Looks pretty good for the brush painting. If anything, I'd seriously consider redoing those invasion stripes. It really detracts from a model that otherwise has a pretty solid camo paintjob. Use masking tape. It looks like you might have, but it bled through. I'd either touch those up or redo them. I'd probably redo. Use your finger to press the tape down firmly to prevent bleeds like that, and also try to avoid brushing too heavily along the masking tape to prevent bleeds like the ones you see in the photos.
As my tag says..build *all* the things. I have preferred scales, but I build any scale whatsoever. The inconsistencies does occasionally lead to "why did I do this" questions, but what I plan to do is put them in display case(s) by scale and theme. When I shift scales, I tend to have a theme in mind, or a reason why I want to do that in a larger scale. For example, I would have several 1/144 aircraft, but in that case, the reason is because I have a model of an AWACS and I want its fighter escort to also be built; in that case, building in a larger scale would make it too large (or flat out impossible) to display.
I have maybe three times that in inventory...I think I might have a problem.
Not sure which is worse, but you could also use isopropyl alochol. Ammonia is probably cheaper per gallon though. If you use tamiya in the future though, 91% alcohol also works as a convenient alternative to their thinners.
Oh, I meant more like the stuff you get in stores to clean surfaces with (not premixed like windex) but sure, same thing.
That also works, to be fair. Without tools that's just what I have to do. I usually flush the paint cup before I even do this, so that's something I probably should have mentioned. However, if the needle travel is limited, then eventually, you do need to remove the needle. Just remove the needle after spraying the brush clean.
There are better kits out there. Until recently, Guillows was infamous for overly heavy "die crushed" wood, and engineering that is at best, primitive and requires some level of redesign for better flight characteristics. If you want a wooden model (in fact, in your grandfather's era, that would've been a pretty common hobby, so it might appeal to his sense of nostalgia), there better known manufacturers are: Diel's Engineering (some laser cut, some not). Dumas (lots of laser cut kits). Easy Built Models (a mix of laser cut, "printwood" (that you cut out yourself) kits). Golden Age Reproductions (they sell plans, kits that only include printwood (i.e. the patterns for bulkheads/parts are printed onto wood and you have to cut them out yourself). Aside from the laser cut Guillows kits, they are pretty much the last choice on the list. I did hear good things about their SE5a (laser cut) though. Wooden ships are rarely inexpensive, but might appeal to your grandfather. Major brands include: Billings Boats (now defunct, but stock remains) Artesina Latina Corel Mamoil Mantua (harder to find these days) Model Shipways A number of these manufacturers make models of racing yachts. Some of these are very simple, some are complex, multiple year projects (these tend to cost a lot more). 80 quid is not going to buy you much in the way of model ship though, but you might find a deal here or there. Here's a link (it's just one I happen to know, there are many more places): |http://www.alwayshobbies.com/model-boats/model-boat-display-kits
Yes. Most model press will moan endlessly about how "toylike" anything with motorization is. This is not entirely untrue. Models that are motorized generally have to make compromises on the dimensions and fit to work effectively as a motorized model. As a result, "scale modelers" decry that as making toys instead of models. Motorization is definitely in the minority these days but was once in vogue. Especially since modelmakers in the old days were lots of kids who would find play value in it. Tell some joyless modelling nazi that today and he would look at you with derision or have a stroke at how many details you sacrificed to make a working model. Tamiya released their wwi tank as motorized and a lot of articles harped on how that was such an odd choice or implied it was not a value added feature but just threatens to make their precious model too toylike. Evidently the only kinds of models the model press and some old blokes on armorama like is the kinds that are accurate down to which Russian welder in tank factory 65 on a full ration of borscht did with one faulty wrench on Wednesday December 16, 1942. I exagerrate. But yes its highly unpopular these days. Just think of all the people bemoaning vnyil tyres in kits. Same idea. Or rubber band tracks. Do they have less detail? Sometimes yes, and for good reason. But even so.
Which do you prefer?
Maybe you got a bad one, because fit seemed fine. The only hard part was the conformal tanks. However, it does have tight fit tolerances on the fuselage (particularly the nose and fuselage/intakes join) that requires very precise fitting. I fit it by pressing the nose and rear fuselage together with the force of a table. The airbrake fit might also be better, but otherwise, it's a pretty easy to build kit. Further, plenty of modern kits have canopy seams on the top edge, including for revell germany kits, and is particularly common on modern, 1/48 scale or larger aircraft, allegedly becuase it allows the slightly bowed out shape of modern canopies. Those are easily polished out. But that's fair, maybe later moldings have poor fit. Just look up reviews online, but the revell USA strike eagle is one of the more modern offerings aside from the super hornet, which also is quite good. See e.g. http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/techniques/remove-scratches-defects-clear-parts/ (discussing the Revell Eurofighter and seam removal) Compare: http://www.hyperscale.com/2011/features/mirage2000b48me_1.htm (noting that "*Blown canopies* in model kits require slide mould technology and usually leave a seam line down the middle of the canopy that has to be removed"). See also, on a Tamiya kit, no less: http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/reviews/kits/tamiya61101reviewbg_1.htm
Brand new/super sharp x-acto blade, carefully shaving the part. It's very slow, very tedious, but doable. Sometimes, that's not enough, in which case I sometimes switch down to either a one of those square razor blades, which are even sharper, or a surgical scalpel (hobbyist version; I use swann mortons out of the UK and I use them for instances where the part is very delicate, the blade needs to be absolutely razor sharp, etc. In fact, I usually don't use the swann morton in everyday use because it's kind of wasted for regular cutting; an x-acto will do just fine).
Also, armor is probably the easiest to start with aside from aircraft. Maybe a 1/35 Leopard 2A4NL, which you can paint in one solid color (aside from the road wheels, headlights, and machine guns) in olive drab or whatever, and is large enough not to have tons of delicate parts. Aircraft wise, the list I said below probably isn't bad. I'd also add the 1/72 Horten HO-229 to the list, as it's quite simple to build, relatively simple shapes, etc.
1/48 Revell MQ-9 Reaper, apparently formerly of Skunkworks models. Easy to put together, mostly good fit, separate wheel hubs and tires (makes for zero masking to paint the wheels, which while easy, is also quite tedious). Super quick to build, highly recommended. I hear the prop is actually in the wrong direction, but this is a quick fun build, so I won't bother fixing it. This is after about 3 hours of work; preshade in NATO black, top layer is a Tamiya light gray, which will be followed by a light blue dusting, then XF-19. Yes, I know that's not 100% accurate, but again, it's "close enough" for a weekend build. Also, I'm using it to experiment with multiple color shading, so it's not super important that my model match a paint chip. Paint shot through a Badger Sotar 20/20. A very good brush, though not really for beginners (it's really cheap on Amazon, I picked it up over the holidays), good low pressure working characteristics. Paint is undiluted tamiya acrylics, selected because honestly, it's the easiest to use, best adhesion, and dries quickly. Up next is the underside coat, blue shades to the upper side, sky gray/FS light gray colors on the topside, gloss goat, and then decals. Hoping to complete the airframe over the weekend. I couldn't care less about when the bombs and stuff get done; they are of little to no interest to me and many of my models don't include ordnance. The other project I'm working on is a Stug III (the anime one), but a morning of bending little brackets to the correct shape tested my patience, so I switched to this for a while.
I used to use them. Good adhesion compared to some acrylics, and when thinned, sometimes easier to brush paint. If you're in the states, easy to obtain, as most stores that sell models (even non-hobby) tend to have a rack of enamels available as craft paint. Otherwise, I switched to acrylics long ago. The smell is really bad, the cleanup is more tedious, and it's even worse to airbrush, though some people swear by the results. That is to say, it airbrushes very well, it just has a noxious smell and I live in an apartment.
That is a technique commonly used by many modelers right now called "preshading." What you're seeing is a primer coat of XF-19 Sky gray, with XF-69 nato black sprayed along areas of either (1) shadow, (2) along panel lines of the aircraft, (3) maintenance and access panels of the aircraft. The reason this is done is because those areas will look slightly different than the other areas of the aircraft. On some aircraft, panels that are regularly removed have a slightly different (darker or lighter) shade than the rest of what would otherwise be a uniformly colored airplane. This effect is more noticeable on some aircraft than others (look for example at a RNLAF/Danish Air Force F-16 A and you'll see the shading differences). This is designed to emulate that. Here, I'm doing this mostly because it adds a bit of color contrast, even if it's not particularly faithful to scale, because a monotone model can be visually boring to look at. After the black dries, you spray the final color coats over it, while spraying the paint thin enough to leave the black somewhat visible underneath it. The final effect creates some shading variations along what would otherwise be a uniform color, and also, in the way I'm doing it, provides some emphasis to the control surfaces of the aircraft and its hinges (those lines along the back edge of the wings, stabilizer).
The use of the technique is currently widely accepted, particularly in the model making magazines and press. There is some backlash against using it, the most colorful version i've heard comparing it to someone wearing too much makeup and looking gaudy or overdone. In this case, I'm doing this as a testbed because this is a quick and painless build for me, compared to some of the stuff I am doing that is comparatively more tedious; it's also an experiment to see if shading the panels in blue and then the final color will create an appealing contrast. Here's an example of a real world photo of models that could use preshading, in an F-5E and F-16. http://www.f-16.net/g3/var/resizes/f-16-photos/album37/album20/acn.jpg?m=1371914854 http://airheadsfly.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Switzerland_F5_Tiger.jpg Here's a version of it done to a Tamiya F-16 http://tamiyamodelmagazine.com/blog/2012/09/24/132-tamiya-f-16cj-block-50/| Note that this effect can be easily overdone, but in some cases, it might be worthwhile anyway. I happen to think as a matter of personal opinion, it's often overdone and looks garish if done wrong. Here's an example of it being overdone (from Revell Germany's own promotional photos). Look at those black bands around the various panels of the airframe. That's when it's overdone. I also happen to think the current movement of "let's wear down our tanks and make every last tank chipped, cracked, muddy, and making looking like it stumbled out of a seedy bar at 2am after a bar brawl" is also overdone, but the techniques are useful to learn. It makes you think about lighting, shadow, how things would appear if this thing were full size. Good books to learn *that* from are the magazines, or Rinaldi's TankArt (which doesn't as heavily rely on any particular brand or series of products for his effects). http://www.revell.de/en/products/model-building/aircraft/military-modern/id/04703.html
Actually, some people say that the slow cure time is actually a benefit; allows them to do blending and work on the paint in a manner you just can't really do with acrylics unless you use retarders and even then, some say the working properties are just not as good. Oil paint is even slower, which is why it's still often preferred for figure painting, that and it's very good for blending.
Beautiful work. Finishing details? How well does it fly?
They are HO scale logging locomotives; one is a shay, the other is a climax. They are brass, given their construction are likely made in either Korea or Japan. Several companies imported models like these over the years, the most well known companies I remember being called Pacific Fast Mail, OMI, and Overland Models, AJIN (korea). However, without identifying marks, it's really not easy to tell who made it. People more knowledgeable about how to identify the work of a particular manufacturer would be able to tell you more about them; try the Model Railroader forums to ask for more information. Probably better to keep it just for the memories, as they are not in particularly great condition (the railings are all bent out of shape, bits may be missing, the headlights are skewed off center from where they should be). You probably wouldn't get much for them (there is some indications that the brass resale market is not as good as it used to be), while the story behind how they came to be in your grandfather's possession (or just sentimental value) is probably better than what you'd get cash for them. Google photos of brass climax/shay locomotives and you might find distinctive characteristics that might tell you who made it, but that's about all. Allegedly, these were made on contract by far east manufacturers in the 50s-late 80s (there's still apparently some small scale production in Korea), and imported by the US distributors. Brass used to be the high end of models because they could incorporate details that plastic and die castings just could not. Their running ability varies. Some look great, but run poorly, and so on. Hope that helps some. Some of this is from memory so there could be some inaccuracies here or there. To try to identify it, look for any kind of markings hidden on frames, the wheels, that sort of thing, stamped somewhere.
Older places also tend to have lots of out of production "i wanted that but never bought it" kits, esoteric things like vacuform kits, that sort of thing, old supplies that you can't get anymore (like if you wanted Floquil or something). And yeah, I agree about the adventure aspect on it. The owners are also usually pretty quirky people, and some are really good builders themselves, hence the esoteric selection. Some of these places are almost like archaelogical digs or living history lessons; I've seen kits dating back to the 60s in some shops, bagged airfix kits (back when that's how they actually sold them), older japanese kits that have been out of production for decades mint in box, and that sort of thing. You also get hilarious historical anacrhonisms like the "mideast conflict" model kit (including Desert Storm era kits of a Mig 25 and a F-16), rarities like old ESCI, Matchbox, etc. Less fun? The often musty smell, and in some cases, the quirky owners.
Sounds like an interesting place. Where is this?
I actually repainted one of these a while back; there's enough detail to make it worthwhile. It's not modeled on any tank in particular and the number is fictional, but it makes it look a little less absurd. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/3gj0v0/172_tiger_i_repaintairbrush_practice/ It's actually a pretty nice toy and has fairly robust electronics for something so cheap.
I liked civil procedure, so maybe not the best. If you ask what a 12b6 is though...
Not sure about that but the majority opinion is that it's harder and more abstract for 1ls to get.
Transactional.
Same to you. What do you do?
Look at how much of that has to do with detail painting like pilots and things. Revell germany kits list every single color required including like the pilot's helmet, flight suit, etc, and even the colors for the navigation lights. That's why the list is sometimes so long. Also, it depends on the model. However, at the end of the day, most models will require multiple colors, and what usually happens is that you can stock up on the more commonly used ones as a one time purchase that will last you quite a while. The other strategy would be to build subjects from one service, one country, or one time period, whereby all the colors would be standard. For example, if you build WWII aircraft from a certain period of the Luftwaffe, you're going to run into the same shades of paint over and over again, RLM colors that were standardized for the exact reason you don't want to buy half a dozen colors that you're not happy about buying now.
As for that video, what it's showing is automatic cutting with a hot wire, for a foam wing core; the center hole you see is probably for a carbon fiber spar, and it's probably a glider.
Try this. http://www.instructables.com/id/Take-Paint-Off-of-Models/
It's not a fast solution though. It takes a while, several days I'd say. But I also left it in there a long time, so your effectiveness may vary.
No. They can provide a licensing or mold sharing arrangement. It's not a new practice in the industry. And no. They are not the same company at all.
Or in the case of defunct companies, like frog or matchbox, the molds can be sold to other companies, which is why you get matchbox repops from various companies.
Speeding it up with heat might help, but it will only increase the likelihood that something will go wrong, the finish won't cure evenly and cause cracking, and that sort of thing. If you apply the varnish too early after applying the paint, you'll also risk causing other complications because the original paint layer hasn't properly cured.
Where did you obtain the models (distributor-wise?)
As for the kit, it's not badly detailed for its age (it's an old ESCI mold from the 80s, and by that standard, this is really good), let down by some seriously stupid engineering. For example, why on earth would you put the ejector pin marks on the side of the part that's facing *OUTWARDS*, and then leave the gluing surface perfectly flat, without ejector pins? Ejector pins all over inopportune places, side skirts are extremely thick, and the mounts for those are laughably thick too. On the upside (if you think that's the case), link and length tracks, though them seem a bit thick.
No, it's still the same one, just new box and better decals.
My freehand camo needs practice. Not too happy with it, but it's probably "good enough" for a weekend build where I'm trying to simply things, not obsess over every last detail. Comments are welcome once again. http://imgur.com/USrTnT7
Thanks!
Thanks for the tip; I might be interested. PM me regarding cost and such.
This is an AS-90 SPG with a NATO green basecoat applied, which will probably get a second coat to make the shading a bit more logical, and possibly a postshade with a lighter green. Comments and suggestions are welcome.
Yes
So far (and I assembled this a while ago), the body part fit's pretty decent. Can't say about the wheels or tracks, though some say they don't include enough links. The bustle rack is a solid piece of plastic, for which I would've preferred photoetch, but considering it cost very little (about 10 USD), it probably wasn't cost effective. Seams on the barrel wasn't so nice, and there was an ejector pin mark on a visible part that needs to be filled. Painting instructions for anything other than the gulf war variant are lacking; there's only one side view of the SFOR version and none of the up or front and back. Fairly quick build, not really any issues. All in all, good buy for the money. Mind, this is 1/72; I can't say about the 1/35 version, though this appears to be a scaled down version of it.
Syhart of France makes decals for that. Also, revell Germany makes a kit with those decals. The rnlaf also offers PDF color profiles of the jet and color specs. If you want to do it manually, Id say use those to make masks. Or, buy the revell solo display f16 mlu in 1/72, then scan the decal sheet. Enlarge it to 1/48. Then id print it out and use it to cut masks out of frisket film you get at an art store.
Frisket film is lower tack and clear than masking tape so it might be easier to use. Or cover the drawing or sketch in wax paper and then cut and remove.
C&amp;f you probably don't have to worry about.
This is what you are referring to. Masterbox *sorry, tired/edited* of Ukraine. Their website I think has a few upcoming releases of similarly themed stuff. https://www.amazon.com/Masterbox-Zombieland-Freedom-Zombies-Escaping/dp/B00OCFOOSI?ie=UTF8&amp;*Version*=1&amp;*entries*=0
Airfix clear should work. Just purchase it in model shops/mail order in the UK/Ireland. The link is to the US subsidiary, but all it does is import UK products http://www.humbrol.com/us-en/humbrol-gloss-clear-125ml-bottle.html
It's constructive criticism, it's not like he wrote "wow this is awful. Stop building models." To OP: The mud looks strangely caked on; is there any context for what you were going for? The washes look, well, out of scale (are those washes?). In the future, consider thinning the paint a bit more or layering it, there are obvious brush strokes/overly thick paint to the rear of the left side of the turret. Your detail painting work actually is pretty good (e.g. the tools mounted on the tank), so really, the main issue here is just to get a better primary paint job. Similarly, the paint chips look pretty good, but the rest of the paint job's roughness really means that they don't stand out (see the edges, front side of the turret). Finally, the engine grilles on rear of the tank look like they're covered in grease/mud, etc, but not necessarily in a convincing way. The brush strokes (weathering?) around the rear of the turret also look like . . . well, like someone took a brush with brown/rust colored paint and dragged it across. And contrary to the comments heaping praise above, I instead agree with OP's remarks about the wash.
Also, if you want something to practice on that won't mess up your model if you don't like it, use watercolor washes. Mix up a wash using watercolors you get in an art store with water and a drop of dishwasher soap to break the surface tension. It's not quite as effective as using oil paint as washes, but it's great for experimenting; if you don't like it, you just wash it off with more water. If you like it, you can leave as is or seal it with a flat coat.
Basically, the above comments. OP doesn't know what he's talking about. Your statement about electric motors and a few cents of plastic is like saying, well, a car is just rubber, metal, and some ceramics, right? Why not just charge the cost of materials? Surely it shouldn't cost more than a few thousand dollars, instead of tens of thousands of dollars. Yeah, just one problem; retooling an assembly line and all the design work (in some cases) can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. The same applies to plastic injection molding, which is the way most locomotives are made these days. Tools for plastic injection molding cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to make, meaning that you have to sell a huge number of models before you even break even, let alone turn a profit. Also, you have to spend a ton of money doing research, getting the CAD drawings, getting someone to make you small batches of the valve gear for steam locomotives, die casting bits, and everything else. Then, you have to assemble all this stuff, ship it halfway across the world, to your distributors, then to you. Tooling actually used to cost more; if you look at the recent explosion of startup manufacturers of plastic model kits, that suggests tooling costs are less than they used to be, but even then, they are horrendously expensive. And then, after all that, how many units do you really sell? Probably not many, so then you also have to make up the mold costs by jacking up the price if you can't make it up on volume. And then, you probably get bitched out by the model railroad rivet counters who decide that some grabrail is off by a quarter of a millimeter. Is it possible that some manufacturers are also trying to maximize their profits? Yes, sure. But you're ignoring that these things are't cheap, certainly not at the volumes you're seeing them being sold today. Model trains are not a common hobby among children, not like it was in the 50s and 60s. Want another example? Marklin and german trains that are die cast. There's a *reason* why those cost so much, and it's not just because they are out to rip you off. The pricing difference might also reflect a more expensive cost structure for the company, or they initially underpriced the models, thinking they would sell more units, and then realizing that if they didn't increase the price, at the rates they were moving, they wouldn't break even. It's no shocker why they discontinued the Acela in both scales, for example; the molds must have been horrendously expensive and they probably didn't sell very many. Further, there's also the size of the production batch that matters. It is often far cheaper to produce a huge batch (when you order from the manufacturer or company under contract to do it) than it is to produce a small batch; the only company that seemed to break this mold was Lima of Italy, which was famous for being able to produce weirdly small batches of specialized prototypes. However, they also went bankrupt and now are part of the Hornby Group, which itself isn't doing well. Try asking a foundry to make you a flywheel or something, or a machine shop. If you ask for one, they'll quote you some absurd price. If you ask for 10,000, it costs a lot less per unit. You're also not accounting for the possibility that Bachman had to order only a small batch of these models; plastic model manufacturers also have to try to opt to produce the most efficient mix of molds at any given time to turn a profit, which is why some models are "discontinued" for a while and them sometimes reappear after a while. Why? Because they probably weren't selling well enough to justify the production time. I mean, look at the consolidation in the industry; in the last 10 years most of the German manufacturers have consolidated, and even Marklin had to undergo bankruptcy restructuring. A ton of german and italian brands, and the french, have been incorporated into the Hornby company, because they weren't turning profits and were going out of business; they were salvaged by Hornby probably for a song.
Not to mention the Pi is now in the millions of units, probably.
If you want some insight into at least part of this, this is a video of Fine Molds, a Japanese company that makes plastic injection kits. They are a *small* manufacturer. Look at how much work goes into making their products. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwd_CCPxNv0
He's a cottage industry manufacturer. According to him, that's a day's worth of resin kit production. I seem to recall he also does design work generally for models and custom products, and this is a one man shop. This is why resin costs more; the mold costs are a lot cheaper, but the production time is a lot slower than just injecting plastic into a steel mold. I have that hovercraft, and it's a pretty nice kit. http://www.gwylanmodels.com/
Are those metal ball bearings? Yeah, it's probably too heavy to fly.
Yes I remember you mentioning that. Not casting aspersions at all, just that usually this sort of thing is usually referred to as cottage industry. And congrats! Do post some of the stuff in that new shop of yours. I have your zubr and like it, haven't gotten to it yet.
No, in this case, the plane will have no directional stability. The reason why those toy store gliders you buy and such always have their wingtips curving up is that that is a means of causing the plane to return to level flight (eventually) if the orientation changes because of wind, torque from the propeller, and so on. Yes, you're right, beyond a certain number of turns of the rubber, you will cause serious structural damage from the motor breaking even just producing enough strain to cause structural collapse. But that's not why it's not going to fly well; the use of ball bearings as weights indicates that to get it to balance, a pretty heavy weight already has to be placed to make it balanced. That means that whatever power that rubber is supplying (and I know it's not a lot; I've built those kits), will make it a very inefficient model that probably will have little power to climb. Further, the nose as designed on that kit (yes, I've seen that specific one) is not a "flying nose," i.e. you need to reinforce the front end in a manner that is not mentioned on the plans in order for the thrust bearing to work properly and not randomly go off center/whatever right/up/left/downthrust you built into it. Rubber powered models like that one are always designed around a mix of maximum lightness while maintaining just enough structure to prevent what you just described. Guillow's kits, however, are notorious for including heavier than needed wood, making turning some of their kits quite a challenge to fly well. Usually, people who do leave off things like paint, heavy plastic parts (they redo them in balsa, etc), and so on. If it were me doing that build, I'd weigh the wood (leaving aside the laser cut bulkheads, which I want because I just don't want to cut them by hand), see if I need to replace it with lighter sheet/strip, and then maybe even cut out a few unneeded ribs. I'd build in the flying nose I described, and then cover it as lightly as possible using colored tissue and so on. I'd also probably carve my own wheels out of balsa or foam to lighten it further still, and replace that peg in the back with a piece of aluminum tubing.
Also, this guy is a good example of the kind of work that goes into making a master (at least on a small scale as a one man operation). Mad respect for the people who can actually carve out their car bodies from scratch for their masters. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1G-pNLJWHc Also very informative and cool to watch is HLJ's video on Model Factory Hiro, maker of very expensive resin/metal kits. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpH3mGRkTjw My favorite line in that video is when Scott asks him "do you just unilaterally decide what you're going to make?" Reply: "Yep. Something I like." Scott: "But you probably take customer requests, right? Hiro: "Nope. Just things I like."
Airmodel vacuform?
Also, what fillers/methods do you recommend for those occasional fuselage joins that lead to a very tiny "step" in the halves?
The other way to do this is to spray it lightly with alcohol or water (to shrink the tissue; it won't make it any more paintable)
Glad to hear it worked out.
Yes, the Eduard kit has proven more frustrating than I planned; I think I've sanded down the intakes at least three times and applied more filler to try to get it right. I soon may hit the point of diminishing returns though, and in a way, it's more a testbed for future builds/fun build, so at some point I may just decide to put a limit on how much more time I want to spend on this project. Are there any sanding tools/tricks you think would be helpful to share that the public at large doesn't know? I will definitely get to your LCAC eventually; I've been slow lately due to work and other obligations.
You're probably just going to have to google for them. There might be corners of the internet that have drawings from the archives, or a cross section drawing. A quick search turned up some drawings for various tanks, including the Mark I, a cross section of the Swedish S-tank, and so on. You might also search on ebay to see if anyone sells scans/detailed drawings of your particular vehicle of interest. For example, you can find engineering drawings on a DVD for the P-51 for about 60-100 dollars, and so on. I can't recall any place that is a one stop shop for that though, and you might simply have to rely upon reference photos to get it done. A starting point might also be to buy a plastic model of the particular tank you're trying to build, and then use it as a baseline for the dimensions, then reconstruct the interior from there. Beyond that, you might see if the national archives of x or y country has it, or try reaching out to a tank museum to see if they have such things. However, it's more than likely in the cases of that, you'll have to pay for the drawings or replication of them. For example, in the old days, the French national archives posted some of their naval ship plans online (archival, of course, not current designs).
This is a slight update of the Eduard Mirage III I've been working on, as well as some metal paint experiments that I'm seeing. This kit is proving to be fairly troublesome for me, though not necessarily because of the kit. I live in a small apartment with very bad ventilation, so using a lacquer like Alclad is a pretty bad idea. I also currently don't have any metallizers or anything else, so I decided to experiment with what I'd normally do: use an acrylic metallic paint, polish it, coat it with future, etc. This is technically the first coat; it probably needs two more plus a layer or two of gloss or future. Actually, this is an object lesson in quitting while you're ahead. I've made quite a mess of this tonight, and it will take at least two more coats and maybe even stripping it all off to do it properly. Thoughts on the metal color? I'm not convinced that the final coat will work that well. The final product is supposed to look like the underside of the F-15E, also included in the album below that used a similar process.
I made very little progress on my Mirage III; the photos show a black coat, followed by a highly unsatisfactory silver coat, and then a gloss coat. It will probably need another two silver coats and two more coats of gloss; the paint is Tamiya silver, which will be polished/wet sanded, then coated with two coats of gloss or future. The goal is to get it to look like the bottom side of the F-15E in the rest of the photos. Why no metallizer/alclad? Well, I live in a small apartment with poor ventiliation, so spraying lacquer in there is pretty much a no-no. Also, I wanted to see what the limits of polishing acrylic paint might be. Comments regarding (1) how to improve the coating, or (2) whether the F-15E example is a decent natural metal finish based upon available materials would be welcome. ***The reason why the F-15 is there is mainly to compare the metal finish of the engine bays and seeing if that's adequate for a bare metal finish for the mirage.
It's the same kit. Won't stop me buying or building it though at some point.
It's still very nice work in spite of the base issue. Maybe just rebuild the base properly?
I make Heller stuff. Their oldest stuff is not great, but their more recent offerings (this is relative, it's decades old) isn't super terrible, just simplified, and they do offer some interesting subjects.
Avoid storing them in high temperature/overly warm places. Cool, dark place probably is best. Dried out paints like tamiya can be revived by adding some of their proprietary thinner, in some cases, 91% alcohol, but it doesn't always work. Enamels can also be restored by adding some thinner, or at least, made usable. Acrylics seem to have shorter self lives; you might also need to mix it thoroughly. Try putting some of the revell thinner (use their brand) to revive the paint, if not, it's gone.
Oh, I'd forgotten about those. I'll pick one up the next time I'm in an art store.
Also, I have so many works in progress because I get bored really, really easily, and like really complex kits.
Saw it online, but use rubber cement to provisionally assemble single link tracks, then dip liquid cement into it after you've draped it around the sprocket and road wheels. They stay flexible and stick together until you've moved them to where you need them.
Same. I use upgrades like railings and ejection seats, or instrument panels. I tend to avoid big conversions because lets face it, my time is limited and the last thing I want to be doing after work is filing down that cockpit set to fit. I do it occasionally though.
How is the kit? Been looking to pick up a MFH kit for a while.
Looks pretty good, the main things I saw on a quick glance were: 1. Most noticeably, the foilage. It's very unconvincing; it looks like algae grew on it or something (I'm betting I'm not that far off, is that lichen for model railroads?). 2. The color of the roadwheels/tracks. I assume the effect you're going for is mud/dirt/dust, but it looks more like the tank's entire driving wheel sets are covered in rust. Maybe the earth needs to be a bit less oxide red/rust red. 3. Maybe add some scratches/drybrush in metallic colors.
Almost universally preferred over brush painting for large surfaces. Brush painting can lead to very good results too, but is harder to do well and much more time consuming to get an equivalent result. But small details and things are often brush painted so they're not mutually exclusive.
Airgun pellets, birdshot, or, in a pinch, coins.
1. Talcum powder and superglue. 2. Dissolved sprue in cement/methyl ethyl ketone (MEK). 3. Automotive putty (bondo and derivatives). Others I've heard of: 1. Correction fluid as stated below. 2. Baking soda and superglue. 3. Gap filling superglue by itself, sanded (difficult)
I agree. Lately there has been tons of self promotion of blogs, and it's detrimental. It's particularly bad when someone just posts a YouTube blog link and presents no other content. It also happens a lot with someones personal YouTube channel. Like one or two links of particularly interesting content or something unique is good, but using this space to promote your channel or so on is annoying and in some ways doesn't really add to the discussion.
By which I mean to promote their own blog, not the occasional "hey that's kind of cool" video.
I usually stick with one or two manufacturers whose paint i like, use conversion charts, and if that's still not good enough or its oddly specific, buy the particular brand of paint called out in question. That actually is pretty rare though. Over time you build up a stock of paint that you usually go to. I use a mix of tamiya and model master acyrl, and rarely feel the need to buy other lines except where I want something specific, or it has some quality I want, e.g. better metallic paint.
A lot of them don't. Tamiya usually never specifies anything other than their in house brand of paint, same with revell. You can see a lot of posts in other forums asking for what rlm colors would be, or what would be fs whatever. Revells callouts are among the most infuriating because they are often weird ratios of their own in house line of paints.
Thanks!
Exactly, however, perhaps the current situation of mod policing is okay? Is the volume high enough to be a problem yet? If self policing is working fine, then I'd be for sticking with it as it is.
Part TT and TA are the most likely culprits. Take out TA especially, and if there are no o-rings on it, soak in thinner overnight, or give it a brief dip in acetone. Also, check your o-rings/seals to see if there are any issues with those.
What thickness of styrene and what are your cutting tools? Also, any good sources for bulk styrene?
In that case, what kind of cardboard/supplier? I used to use illustration board for architectural models, or museum matting board.
Pure acetone can strip a lot of paints. Worst case, buy a general purpose paint stripper instead; that will catch whatever is leftover that you might not have taken care of. Check your needle to make sure there's no dried paint on it, which can be hard to see. Check to see the tip is straight (you'll know fairly easily if it isn't). Acetone is not strictly necessary, but try a soak overnight of the metal parts in the strongest thinner you have. The reason I use it is occasionally, it strips other gunk that I didn't know was there.
You might find some inspiration on these: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiPnqubuL3NAhXBbz4KHZteA-EQjxwIAw&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fgunsoficarus.com%2Fcommunity%2Fforum%2Findex.php%3Ftopic%3D3993.0&amp;psig=AFQjCNGmdKDIiZDa_j3peCk59YdDVHApXg&amp;ust=1466746908949256 You might also like the game. And, this guy, doing papercraft: http://www.freewebs.com/steamnoir/
The short answer? You don't. Revell colors are found only online or on ebay in the states; I've never seen them in shops, except when they come with a starter set. The long answer? Do you want to import it? If so, then you can get it. Why do you want it? You can get a conversion chart to source local brands. http://downloads.hobbico.com/misc/rmx/TES_Revell_Paint_Match_Guide.pdf And from there there are other conversions if you don't like using MM.
That might be because they're...um...based in the US. They also stock about 14 brands (just checked) but they don't list Revell.
They exist, but are from cottage industry/small manufacturers that will likely make for a difficult build. See this thread here. http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/modeling_subjects/f/16/t/94622.aspx And a direct link for a kit in resin. http://www.unicraft.biz/on/r5/r5.htm
Generally speaking most people spray it through an airbrush. For canopies, you dip it into it and let dry on a paper towel because spraying it will create a hazy effect. If you have to brush it, it has very good self levelling properties, but you should use a wider brush (1/4inch wide or so) so that you don't have stuff drying on you as you're applying the coating. Try to avoid bubbles as well.
I gotta admit, while I usually don't really like models like this that come prebuilt, I want that Osprey. Gimmick or no, that's really clever. I agree about the engineering; recently I was working through the snap together snowspeeder and marveled at how modeled the same sprue in different colors and the like. I was tempted just to keep the sprue where it split in color just because it was pretty interesting. Not cheap, but it seems like the ultimate office desk toy. . . . And now I want to come up with my own, just to say "who needs $150?"
Tamiya P-51D, in 1/48. Airfix P-51D, in 1/72. Tamiya Panzer II, III, IV, anything that is relatively recent in their lineup should fit fine. Tamiya F-16 (any scale, really). Bandai's Star Wars series, all of them are snap together and are fantastically engineered. Airfix 1/76 Cromwell Airfix 1/72 Gnat Airfix 1/72 Sea Harrier FRS.1
First of all, this is spam, and also inappropriate. Second, go home, you're so drunk you're going to end up in the Hudson before morning. This forum is for modelmakers that build things in plastic, wood, and other materials. Unless you are asking for *that*, this post is completely off topic, not safe for work, and makes you look like (1) a troll, (2) a spammer, (3) a jackass who doesn't know his audience, and (4) someone who is going to get banned and reported as spam. If you are *actually* serious about asking modelmakers for models, then I suggest you tone it down and start over.
He posted on here a year ago, if you want to search for it.
There is a guy out there who used 3d printed masters to make rc scorpion/scimitar in 1/16 that he offers as a kit. It's not unheard of, but until the finish on the parts is better at more reasonable prices, 3d printing still isn't quite there yet. I think with electronics, it costs around 600 USD. I might buy the kit later this year but it's quite an investment.
The link to purchase is here. http://spykerworkshop.webs.com/scorpion-tank
The original thread. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2p1o1e/scratch_built_t80u_tank_replica_9_months_of_3d/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maschinen_Krieger_ZbV_3000 Kits are made by Hasegawa, Wave, and long ago, by a company called Nitto (they no longer exist). Examples: https://hlj.com/product/WAVMK-33 https://hlj.com/scripts/hljlist?SeriesID=968
https://starshipmodeler.biz/shop/index.cfm/category/165/maschinen-krieger-mak.html A US importer who also happens to run a good sci fi models site. Well, it used to be better, anyway. I personally want the Krote, but that is a ton of money to shell out for a robot that isn't even a foot tall.
Nice, that looks considerably larger than expected. Industria mechanika is pretty cool. For a cool video, you might like: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBHQ7lQGOf0
Much appreciated, all!
Interesting, but seems overly thick. Try rolling it out into a thinner layer.
You will question your life choices as you assemble the tracks. But then you'll get a really fun model to assemble.
A smidge heavy but otherwise looks pretty good. You are the one with the thread earlier about the overly deep preshading, right? Honestly, to fix that all you really needed was more final coat color. Thing of the opposite process of a black base coat. You would be doing much the same and your preshading coat is just close to that.
Not to mention that the batteries wear down and need to be replaced, receivers and transmission standards aren't industry standardized....remember how long it took for DCC? It's a lot of additional circuits and batteries to pack into a tiny engine for arguably limited benefit. DCC is not only good enough, it's arguably more efficient. Why would I want to have to deal with tons of charger cables, risk of lipo fires etc, and inevitable battery degradation? Model rail locos especially in large scale also consume a fair amount of power. Battery packs are just another point of failure instead of a universal power supply, boosters, and a single chip inside each locomotive. A common rail system of power makes much more sense Also, open source solutions offer wireless throttles through a computer and USB interface.
Nice work
Preshade versus black basing: 1. *Differences in level of precision required*: Preshade requires more precision (e.g you paint in the panel lines you want shaded), versus black bases - paint the whole thing in black, then paint in the color of the aircraft selectively with dots of sprayed paint. Can you or your airbrush paint straight lines? Then preshade and postshade is arguably quicker. 2. *Speed of painting/comparison*: Preshading is quicker if you're a precise painter, while black bases are much more tedious to do, but easier if you can't paint straight lines. Black bases (depending on how executed) can also offer a bit more room for tonal variation for less effort on t backend (because of the way you fill in the black areas with the base color.) 3. *The processes are not as different as they seem, just arguably in reverse*: They are somewhat opposite processes to reach the same result. I've used both. It really depends on what you're trying to do, but you can get very similar effects using either. I don't think it leads to some amazingly different result, really, it's kind two ways to get the same tonal variation in the paint. Black basing is more tedious but offers more control because you're slowly adding in paint. 4. *Selected advantages/disadvantages*: Finally, one disadvantage of pre-shading is that for the panel lines you don't shade in, if you're only painting in the base color, then it assumes that your center panels will be a nearly uniform color. 5. *Guys, pin washing is nothing "new" it's just a new name to refer to something that's been in use for decades, and by guys who want to sell you stuff*: Really, this current trend of calling it pin-washing was invented the major weathering experts or weathering products companies like AK, Mig, etc recently to name a technique that is decades old (I'd say time immemorial, but I'm not nearly that old, thankfully); or Mike Rinaldi (love his work and his books) may have coined the term. (To be clear, I don't have any real problem with weathering products, they are wonderful things; it's just that too often people seem to think these things are cure-alls for lack of practice or that a well weathered/built subject is just a question of what *product* to buy). 6. *But wait, if you do preshading and post-shading you can get a similar result to black basing*: But you can solve that with post-shading, e.g. lightened or darkened versions of the base paint to introduce the same tonal variation you'd see with black basing. 7. *Get off my damn lawn, it's just using a panel line wash/what it does*: Pin washing...back in my day we just called it an oil/panel line wash. I always use it. It's a means of adding shadow, depth, and emphasizing panel lines that wouldn't be as visible on scaled down models and also makes engraved detail pop. You should do it almost as a matter of course.
Whose kit? GPM?
You all might enjoy this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaQ0R3uNhFI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eAR-LGk30I
All you really need to do is open it, look at the gears that have a nub of plastic that prevents continuous rotation and cut it off.
Just fyi, you can get similar results using tamiya chrome silver with their lacquer thinner, then a rubbed gloss coat of future.
Fixed for readability.
I'm being conservative. Usually I get them for 6 to 7. I live in an expensive city. Also, I almost never use spray cans. But I won't say that you can easily get them for five.
Nice work.
Check culttvman.com, starshipmodeler.com, and federation models.
Honestly, if this is of sentimental value or important, this is not a recommended first build. It's a long shot that you will finish it without messing up. Painting a model this large with a brush also isn't recommended. Also, the kit itself is not that easy to build.
I'd start with a cheap and easier kit. Airfix makes a number of kits in 1/72 scale that will give you an idea of the level of skill needed. If it's vitally important that this particular model be nice, then you might also ask if anyone is willing to build it on commission. That's not me, I don't have time. I would recommend an airfix PR.XIX spitfire in 1/72 or 1/48 scale, a can of spray primer from Tamiya, some brushes, and then maybe model master paint or two spray cans of the appropriate colors. It's not as easy as it looks to get a smooth finish. See the FAQ up top to get an idea of the tools needed or the many threads asking for help to get started. Not trying to discourage. It just seems this model is important to you and I don't want you to underestimate how hard your first build can be. As you say, it is more likely than not that your first build will look like dog shit. If you can't assemble those airfix kits I recommended easily, and like the result, you definitely can't do this one. If you insist on doing this I'd say the best solution is to spray paint it with a can of paint. Then do the details work in brush painting. Like the propeller tips, landing gears, etc.
It's worse than you think. I saw this but just couldn't act on it. There's a bunch of rare kits in there, including by my count half a dozen Pocher car kits that are worth a ton.
Nope. Long island, new York.
Not stolen. It was someone's collection being liquidated.
Did he? Consider the alternative perspective that this person values getting rid of them (as it seemed) more than whatever this is worth. These cars were located in Long Island, and given the size of the collection probably by someone of considerable means to be able to amass such a collection. In that case, money may not be as important as space. I wish I'd taken the time to go out and get the Pocher kits personally, but barn finds like these will always happen, and right now, having them would not do me any favors - I would not want to part with them but nor do I have the ability to keep them. Or maybe they did pay a semi fair price (I doubt it), but either way, those kits will also end back up on the market eventually. What I *wouldn't* do, however, is pay absurd prices for any Pocher kits that pop up on ebay in the near future because I will *know* where those are from and I'm not paying for that. No mistake; if this guy rented a truck to take the kits, chances are he knew he discovered a deal, and snapped it up. Such is the way of the open market. But where there is one deal, there is always going to be another one, unless these are one of a kind items, and that, they are not.
PM me as to what it is you're looking for...I don't keep track of these things but I'll keep an eye out.
ACE BMP-T. I've never seen a hull constructed of rectangular pieces that didn't fit properly and didn't make a square box, until now. Also, limited run kits should not include individual track links. Not when the track link is more flash than track.
Wouldn't it be amusing if they were monitoring this one...after all, there's nearly 40k subscribers now..
About damned time. But then again, now there's like three or four kits of F-4s being announced. Academy did theirs, Zoukei Mura announced theirs, etc. At least it's not in VF-96 markings...*again*. Admittedly, it'll be nice to build a Phantom that isn't from the era of raised lines and poor fit, though.
Did you end up having a chance to watch it? It's quite nice.
Quite so, but even then it's an amusing thought. Psst, airfix, are you there?
Yes. That is the listing. Maybe the guy just didn't care and wanted rid of them, but that's a huge collection. And clearly, it's been some time. A Kavan Jetranger? Those haven't been made in decades. The boxes aren't in the best condition, particularly the Pocher kits. However, look at some of the finds; those big Tamiya Porsches are the *original* issues, it looks like, and there are a large number of motorcycles, F-1 kits, and most of Tamiya's 1980s line (i.e. when's the last time you saw Sgt. York?) It's quite a collection, but it also looks like nobody has touched it in some time. I even see some old Tamiya RC in that pile.
You'd have to ask someone who has both. Sometimes, it's a near identical fit, but because one company's measurements may differ from another, it's not likely to be a 1-1 fit unless their measurements for the model are identical to each other. The differences could be insignificant, or significant enough that you'd need to use a lot of filler. Most difficult I think would be complex parts like canopies, fairings, things that rely on tight fit. More forgiving items would be things like landing gear legs, photo etch parts for cockpit details, etc. You'd be taking a chance that it wouldn't fit.
Post WWII? The F-16 is that. For WWII, Tamiya's P-51D is good, as is their F-4U Corsair. From Airfix, their Spitfire PR.XIX is very good.
Tamiya 1/48 corsairs should be good in either version. But the p51d is easier than either. Frankly, if this is your first 1/48 aircraft, I'd recommend the P-51D from Tamiya, as that thing is easy to build (but not so much that it's boring). Fit is damned near perfect. The airfix Spitfire PR.XIX is a close second for me; it offers a bit more detail (e.g. it includes recon cameras and oxygen tanks), and is usually priced about the same. No doubt someone who hasn't built an airfix kit in a few decades will go 'but all airfix kits are horrible" but they haven't built it. I have. Either of these are also comparatively easy first kits because their paint schemes are not terribly complicated. The airfix is easier because the external colors are either (1) a two-tone light and dark blue finish, or (2) a Swedish Air Force version that is all blue. Bare metal finishes (as is the case with the P-51D) is harder to pull off than a two tone sprayed blue. The corsair is good, but it's harder to recommend as a first kit because that wing geometry is still a tricky thing, as cool as it looks. But if I had to choose a corsair as a first kit, Tamiya would be the top of my list. Meng also recently released (or it's about to hit the market) a 1/48 P-51D that's snap-fit (I'd glue it together) that has gotten good press. I have no personal experience, but their kits have a good reputation, and if it's a snap fit model it's designed to (or it damn well should be) fit properly.
Model master acrylic is good paint, as long as you lay down a good primer. I use it all the time, along with Tamiya. It's also a good brush painting paint, again once you lay down primer.
Welcome back!
It's a self levelling brushable, acrylic (regardless of formulation, for *our* purposes, it's close enough) clear coating that can also be stripped with ammonia. While there are definitely some advantages to using model specific products the self levelling properties and it's ability to introduce a glossy shine is why it's valuable. It can even be brush painted easily with almost zero effort. If I didn't have an airbrush I'd be hand brushing this stuff.
https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/5mbqau/recommend_good_148_aircraft_kit/ Tamiya F-16CJ in ANY scale. Revell 1/72 F-16 MLU; their F-22 Raptor is also a decent kit, even if it may have some minor fit issues here and there. Tamiya/s F-14 is also well regarded. Perhaps you'd like to be a bit more specific; there's tons of jets out there and a fair number of pretty decent kits. If you're looking for the US jets, I like these: 1. Tamiya's 1/32, 1/48, 1/72 F-16s, and in 1/32, their F-4, F-15E, F-14A. 2. Revell Germany's F-15E, Rafale M, F-16MLU (in 1/48), F-22 Raptor in 1/72. Non-US (with the exception of the harrier) 3. Airfix: Harriers, the new ones, anyway, in 1/72, the FRS.1, GR.1/AV-8A, 1/48 and 1/72 Lightning. 4. Qualified recommendation: 1/48 Mirage 2000B/D/N from Kinetic; 1/48 Mirage III from Eduard/Hobby Boss. Note: you should always research the kits before deciding to buy to look for fit issues, bad quality decals, etc, or which is commensurate with your skill level or what you're looking for.
It isn't (pushed together, that is. There's no way Bandai's kit would be that sloppy). Check to see if you've shaved off all the scrap plastic runner bits, which looking at some of those photos, you haven't. Snap together kits have tight tolerances, particularly with well fitting models like Bandai's snap models.
Only certain paints. 1. Vallejo: alcohol turns it to sludge. 2. Humbrol Acrylic: alcohol turns it to sludge. 3. Tamiya Acrylic: Yes, absolutely. There are some things to recommend about their proprietary thinners (especially their lacquer thinner which works with the same paint).
Because convenience and consistency achievable through use of a prepacked product. At least that's why the other brands that do the same are so popular. They also base an entire system of weathering and such upon their products, so it's kind of a one stop shop for everything. And because well, companies have figured out this has become trendy and can sell product, so why not. Not disparaging, but there are indeed benefits to not using oils or using premixed items. I don't really have any of their stuff, but it makes sense. I'm probably even further into the minority; the vast majority of my weathering products are either (1) water thinnable oil paints, (2) watercolors, and rarely these days, pastel chalk. I'll admit I don't really enjoy painting five layers of rust onto a fender or something, and prefer a lighter approach.
Not really. If you use watercolors like I do, the tubes are about 1-3 dollars a piece if you can get it on discount, and then you can mix to your heart's content. You're not discovering anything groundbreaking by buying a premade wash. They're a convenience, and consistent in mixture ratios, but that's about it; some will claim superior working properties, but I can't evaluate those claims. The practice of using washes has been around for decades, really, so *that* part of it is nothing new. You might prefer using a premade wash (i.e. you don't have to mix up a batch every time). They do not last longer. You make a new batch based upon predetermined ratios that you like each time. What lasts forever, by comparison, are the base materials; a tube of artist oil paint will last you for a huge amount of time because you use so little of it each time you mix up a batch. Also, arguably more flexibility in colors; you can mix up whatever colors you want because you're not restricted to using what someone premixed for you. But you also have to understand what you're mixing and how in order to take advantage of that. My view is that I'll buy whatever I like for convenience's sake, but frankly, buying products and more of them isn't going to make you any better at doing weathering unless you learn how it's done as a matter of technique and practice. And quite bluntly, making a wash is something you can read up about very easily. Plenty of articles/blogs/videos will talk about them, though the current trend is to use premade products.
It's called matt acrylic spray for a reason. You also already received an answer regarding the use of flat coats in a prior thread. So, yes. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/5mhgcl/what_is_the_full_basic_procedure_of_applying/ Surely you can do some research on your own? https://ww2aircraft.net/forum/threads/model-master-acrylic-clear-coats.35851/ http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/tools_techniques_and_reference_materials/f/18/t/154674.aspx\ http://www.armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&amp;name=SquawkBox&amp;file=index&amp;req=ToggleBanner&amp;topic_id=193033 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUpDKZQl6QA http://www.dakkadakka.com/dakkaforum/posts/list/483928.page http://privateerpressforums.com/showthread.php?126976-Looking-for-a-great-flat-matte-clear-coat Also, you need to stop thinking that there is some absolutely "right" brand or way to do things. That varnish is probably fine, though I don't like using spray cans and would prefer something more flexible, like Model Master Acrylic Flat Clear. That, or airbrushed Tamiya flat is what I use.
No problem; also, I rarely ever recommend youtube videos, but you will find this quite instructive, and he is quite a good modelmaker. https://www.youtube.com/user/idaemon He does a step by step guide and films a lot of his work. Also present here is the work of u/sergiotron, u/boomer583, both of whom post videos. There are others all over youtube. As for the washes thing, Plasmo has a specific video on this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXerpuOthXk As a crash course in modelmaking, I'd also say you should pick up a few issues of Airfix Model World (it's printed in the UK), or Scale Aircraft Modelling. Both will provide introductory through advanced level work that shows what kinds of materials are used. They tend to show a variety of methods, including the people that use products (and which you can glean recommendations), and ones who do not (though that might be changing). Best wishes for your next models. Post them here, if you like. But again, stop focusing on the idea that x or y product is going to be more right. The thing about modelmaking is that there are multiple ways to do the same thing. There are some ground rules (like decals should always be applied over a gloss coat, or a gloss or glass smooth surface), and things like paint chemistries that you can't avoid, but other than that, the whole point is that you're able to do what you want, as long as the result is suitable to your needs. If you're looking for books, I'd say TankArt (not really so great for aircraft builders) by Mike Rinaldi is probably a good choice; he doesn't stick to one particular brand of anything and his is more focused on technique rather than product use. But given the vast amount of resources available out there these days, you probably don't even need to buy books. Also, look at http://www.themodellingnews.com/. They will regularly post builds from pretty good or even very advanced builders. In your case, I'd recommend you start with these: http://www.themodellingnews.com/2016/12/building-new-revell-172nd-spitfire-mkii.html http://www.themodellingnews.com/2016/07/red-arrows-in-72nd-building-rafs-finest.html http://www.themodellingnews.com/2016/12/small-is-indeed-beautiful-building-new.html
And I will point out that I am not affiliated with any of these individual users, or their websites, or the listed websites. Best of luck.
Oh, that poor helo pilot.
Yes, and I can thin it as well. I do not like using spray cans generally speaking, and they're incredibly wasteful.
Tamiya extra thin and tenax a close second. Tube glues I would avoid using unless I absolutely need a big blob of glue or are joining huge parts. Otherwise, it's a like using a stringy, messy hammer for nailing a pin.
Fair. The glue has applications, if you need a lot of working time. In most cases, I do not need it.
Agreed. The difficult decal work and paint will make this less than an ideal first build.
Several points come to mind. 1. Overspray of the darker gray can be seen near the canopy. 2. You didn't mask the canopy. That absolutely has to be done. Aircraft canopies unfortunately make or break a model. They are immediately obvious, are a focal point for attention, and if you don't get it right, it's immediately obvious. 3. Is this supposed to be hard edged or soft edged camo? This looks freehand. I recall early BF-109s had very hard edged, straight lines for their camo on the wings. This is kind of neither soft edged nor hard edged. The lines are poorly defined. 4. The preshading or whatever darker color is under the light gray layer is a bit too exposed, particularly good example of this is the panel that is right in front of the canopy, along the side of the fuselage. 5. Decal work is clean, no silvering.
I would check out themodellingnews.com. It provides product updates, and also some good quality builds on occasion of a variety of subjects. Plasmo plastic modelling (on Youtube) is highly regarded, and he's very good; and fast. No, it was supposed to be hard edged camo. The contrast should have been stark; those were two very different colors (if I recall correctly, in early BF-109s, a straight lined, dark gray/dark grayish green) with stark contrasts. Blending them together makes no sense; if anything, you entire model seems looks almost "blurry" in visual effect because of overuse of blending. The panel I am talking about is the one right before the left side's exhaust stacks; it's the square shaped panel, which part of the canopy protrudes over. It's on the left side of the fuselage. Look at the upper left, and you'll see a curved area of visibly darker shading that makes no sense. Masking canopies is tedious as all hell. Next time you buy a eduard kit, buy a Profipack; it'll include photoetched parts occasionally, sometimes some resin, and most importantly for your purposes, a canopy mask set which is tape that is precut to shape. What i use for canopy masking is Tamiya tape (you can also use bare metal foil; a self adhesive foil), and then, with a brand new, razor sharp blade, I use the blade to cut through the tape. It's a delicate job; you need only apply enough force to feel a certain "click" or feeling you've punched through the paper, and that's all. Regular tape is too thick for this application, and Tamiya tape is thinner and is more tolerant of handling. http://www.swannysmodels.com/Canopies.html It's a tedious, boring, and annoyingly irritating pain in the ass that is totally unforgiving and requires that you be absolutely right. Also, you need to be gentle, or you'll scratch the glass. To be blunt, an entire model that is otherwise perfectly executed can be completely ruined or made completely pointless by a ruined canopy. Unless you're building something where it logically wouldn't be there (like a wreck). These days, I find the exercise so tedious and annoying that for anything below 1/48 scale, I seriously would purchase masks for all of those, and above 1/48 scale, even then, given my limited hobby time, it's actually worth my money to pay for the masks. Also, I emphasize that you need a NEW or razor sharp blade for this.
Nice and clean work, plus a more unusual scheme.
Looking closely at it, it seems to be a photorealistic printout probably on cardboard or paper, or photo paper, with a sprayed contact adhesive to a piece of foamboard (the type with paper on both sides). The bottom is definitely foamboard, though. As for the grass, it looks like a mix of the stuff you'd find from woodland scenics or similar companies, with some longer strands (maybe static grass) mixed in. But that's just from looking at it; the texture on the runway is quite nice and the grid lines in particular.
This maybe my last build for a while; my Mirage 2000 build for the Strikefighters GB is stalled, and I'm going to struggle to make the deadline. Been too tired lately to do much on anything. I rather like the spinners, but really, they're probably too shiny. Then again, considering how inaccurate this kit is, I may just use it as a testbed to do metal finishing and other things. I still love this design though; there's a balsa wood version I want to build.
I was looking for this,thanks.
Canadian grizzly APC.
Very nice. Can you tell more about the process? I was just extrapolating.
1. I'd get a large worktable, and depending on the size of the room, a central worktable. 2. Good shelving units for storing supplies, paint. 3. You've already gotten the airbrush unit t aken care of. 4. I'd pick up an old laptop (as a research station). 5. Glass display cabinets or equivalent. 6. Bookshelves; for reference materials, magazines. 7. If I had a huge budget: laser cutter, CNC machine, or similar. 8. I'd create a focal point of the room as the workbench, and then separate areas for painting, etc.
Not a wargamer, but I'd consider a setup like this (with a smaller central table/island. I'd also want a drafting table, or room for a plotter. http://makezine.com/2015/03/05/dad-builds-ultimate-tabletop-wargaming-room/
Take a look here and determine if any of these fall under the brands listed. I wouldn't expect too much from the sale, if you can sell it, as it's a pretty niche hobby, but at the same time, if you have some rare items it might bring some more money than usual. You need to determine whether any of these are considered desirable collectibles, or if they are built to a standard that would be saleable. Built models generally don't fetch high prices, however, but I would not simply dismiss them as valueless. Not until you can determine they are valueless, or are unable to sell them. In this case, though, it's likely you're either going to have to find someone who collects them, or someone who has nostalgia for the same things. Sorry for your loss. I would manage your expectations, but at the same time, to simply donate them wholesale or get rid of them for a song without doing further due diligence would be wasteful. If you can't find a buyer, then consider donating them to a museum, though museums probably get offers of these sorts more often than you'd think. Worst case, try foreign museums that may find a use for them (e.g. a war museum, naval museum, etc), at the very least it may preserve some of the collection for others to enjoy. http://www.steelnavy.com/1250hist.htm#CLASSIC 1:1200/1250 MODELS
Oh, me too. And then, there's this guy, whose diorama is frankly amazing, and one other one. http://nerdist.com/behold-the-most-amazing-dd-map-ever-created/ http://www.tacticalwargames.net/taccmd/viewtopic.php?f=28&amp;t=22799
Model master acrylic first, tamiya flat second. The former is also hand brushable, which is nice.
Most probably none. The only result I turned up on a search of scalemates.com (a database of models), plus google turned up only one example, a one-off 3d printed copy on the RPF forums. Spacecraft kits generally are done by cottage industry manufacturers, and mainstream kits mostly of famous spacecraft (e.g. Voyager).
It's not hard, no. I just find it incredibly annoying. And yes, I did. As I said above, not a hard mask at all. And in this case, it probably isn't worth my money to buy a mask. In any case, nice catch, and thanks for the heads up regardless.
You might like the reissued Snark; I heard that one has the roundels for tooled right onto the missile's wings.
Good to know, thanks!
When cut and paste was literal.
To the sub staying that way (raises glass)
My De Havilland Hornet. I think I might take a break after this build; this isn't going well. http://imgur.com/a/hY2Zy Also, I need better metallic paint.
Fyi that will not work with Vallejo, AK, humbrol acrylic. Alcohol will turn that to sludge. That post is good, though the builder on that blog is now somewhat inactive. If you must use water, put a drop of alcohol or a touch of dish soap to help break surface tension
I asked for a better fitting eurofighter or a new alpha jet.
Nice result though and a unique subject. Also, they are a short run kit. Edit: I should say one of the more cottage of cottage industry kits. I have a Pegasus EAP demonstrator (looks like a eurofighter). That thing gives me nightmares.
Good job. Some thoughts for consideration: 1. Thin your paints more; the area around the cockpit looks a bit textured as if the paint is too thick, or the fuselage needs some light sanding. 2. Decals look good, they aren't silvered from what I can tell. 3. Pitot tube (corrected to be the refueling probe per u/killallthethings) up front might have needed more cleanup, unless those protrusions about half way up the tube were supposed to be there. 4. Touch up the area along the intake where a bit of paint bled onto the white area. 5. It seems too shiny.
They make Horten flying wing, as well and are planning a U-boat.
The "stress free" assembly amuses me.
I have a hubble packed away somewhere, but decided that all that PE work (and I'd be compelled to paint it) is something better left for another day. I think the hubble is one of the more reasonably accurate models, but those kits are a decent crash course in PE. But those 1/700 ladders for that Dragon ship I had...that looked bad.
I'm also in a funk lately, so the idea of bending really tiny brackets just makes me want to put my model away.
You may find this useful. http://www.arcair.com/tnt1/001-100/TNT029-Filler-WO-Sanding/00.shtm As for putty I use, I kind of don't. My preference is Mr. Surfacer 500, which can be removed with alcohol, and when I do use putty, either Tamiya Gray Putty, or Deluxe Materials Perfect Plastic Putty.
This is Kinetic's Mirage 2000B/D/N kit in 1/48, which I am doing for the Strike Fighters groupbuild (though it's highly doubtful I'll finish in time). Cockpit is box stock, detailed with drybrushing and gloss black and clear green paint for the screens. I know this isn't the most detailed cockpit ever, but I decided for this build to stick with what's in the box (as opposed to loading it up with tons of aftermarket). The cockpit color is a customized mix of a black primer, with a medium gray initial color coat, and intermediate blue post-shading. It does need some cleanup, and the throttles and any points of color (such as yellow pull handles, etc, if any) will need to be added. Comments and suggestions welcome. Also in the foreground is a drop tank. The big ejection pin/stubs will be checked to see they don't affect fit/will be hidden, or will be sanded or filled as appropriate.
The putty itself is okay; the problem is that that stuff goes bad so quickly because the solvent evaporates through the cap, presumably.
to be fair, I really want this kit, and I would enjoy it.
I stand corrected, thanks! The most immediate photos I found were of the later matte finish. A larger photo would've indicated it's a fueling probe. Nevertheless, those protrusions halfway down do not appear tp be there so that's probably scrap plastic left from removal from the sprue.
There are some screw together model kits...if you like big expensive supercars, Pocher makes a Lamborghini. Would that work?
It's not that commonly done for the reasons you described. Usually the interior color is painted first on the masked exterior, then the final exterior color is painted on top of it. Some people do both, masking the exterior first and then using that as a means to reference where to cut for the second on the underside (interior) I generally don't find it worth the effort unless it's in 1/48 or 1/32 scale.
Tamiya Lancaster included that. But only special versions.
To be fair, he did say he wanted a prepacked item to use before going to oils. But I agree with all other points.
Also, the lack of aftermarket is partly because I plan to do a mirage 2000b build with the more interesting light blue color scheme, so I'll save the budget for that.
Fyi, there's an announcement of a upcoming new stenning figure..the duchess or something.
For potential kits to build.
Not really, some Esci era stuff isn't bad.
Id throw in my Pegasus EAP demonstrator, (Google it for one of the only built examples I've ever heard of) but I think my patience wouldn't last long enough, as I'm in a funk lately. It's also in CA, so it would have to be something else.
But where are the model train stores?
Nice work. Can you tell more about the painting process? I rather like your contrast in color to account for the waterline, which is what I assume the upper/lower contrast is for.
As the damage issues have been extensively covered here, consider the following as general points of improvement (well, also some points about the damage) 1. The paint is applied quite thickly, and the masking could be greatly improved. How I can tell is that you can see the large demarcation line between the yellow and green, so thick, in fact, that you can see a layer of paint as a "step" above. This suggests you either (1) didn't thin your paints adequately, or (2) used too many layers to get a fairly thick, if solid colored coat of paint. 2. That decal is already peeling off, which would not happen on the real thing because that would likely have been painted on. Decals should be applied after a gloss coat is applied to the surface to prevent silvering (which will happen on flat paint, and if it doesn't, you got lucky) due to micro air bubbles trapped underneath the decal. You can use a soft cloth in order to press down the decal once it's in the final position. In this case, it's just plain peeling off. You can use either a spray can, or Pledge Multi Surface Floor Care (clear liquid, what is commonly referred to as "Future") which can also be used to coat the canopy. You can then, after applying decals, hand brush a coat of Model Master Acrylic Flat Clear, which is brushable compared to many other flat coats. 3. Paint generally speaking across the entire model is thick, and has visible brush strokes. Use a wider brush (around 1/4 inch or so, for a 1/72 model, maybe larger for a 1/48 model), flat headed, and work on a wet edge (i.e. don't repeatedly go over the same area you already painted, because that will leave brush marks; that's what multiple layers are for). 4. You should work on your transitions between the different flying surfaces. On the tail, you can see where the yellow has bled onto the other side of the fin. For detail work in areas like that, use a thin brush, or very carefully use the fin's edge to your favor. Either way, you could've also touched it up with pinpoints of paint from a toothpick. 5. Planes, even these, are not solid sheets of metal, and have longerons and ribs inside the fuselage. If you're going to blow holes through the fuselage, be mindful of where the ribbing would be. Most of the damage photos posted have strips of metal protruding from them or trailing them, because of this kind of construction structure. See: http://www.449th.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/B-24-Schematic.jpg. This effect is particularly unconvincing in the middle of the wing, which in most planes is largely either strips of metal, or hollow space, or fuel tanks. Bullet holes or shrapnel damage is closer to what you're going for, but even then, look at references. 6. You should mask your canopies, as that painting up front is quite messy, even in the most charitable terms. 7. You also treat the damage as if it would look essentially identical no matter where on the plane it hit. That isn't how it would work, because of the differing methods of construction for various parts, thickness of the metal ,whether any vital components were in the area or equipment, etc. Finally, as a global comment to the damage...the damage aside from the holes looks like...well, silver paint spattered at random intervals. Bullets would've torn and damaged the metal, ripped holes in it, took bits of it through the rest of the structure, create shrapnel that causes other damage, etc. Overall, this isn't a terrible model, but it certainly could've been much better, even given that you don't use an airbrush. Many of the really, really old school builders didn't use airbrushes.
Burnish the tape so that you don't get leaks like that. Use something like a toothpick or a cocktail stick, depending on where you're from, so that the tape is FIRMLY attached to the canopy. Use a new blade to cut out the areas that should be painted, and then that should solve your problem some. In that specific instance, you should use a less thinned paint, because thin paint in this instance will bleed under the tape. Alternatively, another way to do it (but which will look merely okay, not great, but better what you've got now) is to use strips of painted tape and carefully cut and measure to fit. It's even more tedious than masking a canopy, but you won't have paint bleeds. Finally, if you have the resources, get some Tamiya masking tape. That stuff will make it easier to mask, and it's also thinner that most non-hobby grade tapes that you'd get at a hardware store.
Your choice shouldn't be driven by that. As the poster below said there are screw in adapters you can get from airbrush suppliers
No, this is the Bandai kit. The Bandai kits are the ones that come with the clear plastic "laser" beams. Something in there is off, but Bandai kits generally have extremely good fit, so either there's a warped or misaligned part in there, or there is scrap plastic that is interfering with the tight tolerances.
Looks like it was the producer of the machines making the model, though, to be fair, to promote their product.
And tremendously costly, even assuming the marketing department is happy to soak up the loss (but then again, these machines cost a ton). Any bets as to whether some of the design team are modelmakers at home?
In the age of Skynet?
They do vary in quality significantly. But that iwata neo CN often recommended, including by me is made in China. People complain about Chinese manufacturing, but people forget China is often a contract manufacturer or subcontractor, who bid on such contracts. They are capable of higher quality work. Companies just won't pay for it. Or at least , some dont. The difference with the more expensive is also quality control, which costs money. Also, a in a bidding war to supply cheap goods, there is a certain race to the bottom. But as stated above....if you can't afford better, buying a decent Chinese made airbrush will work. But if you can afford better (the iwata is basically the next step up in the price scale) then do so. Iwata probably includes certain quality control requirements that a cheap Chinese manufacturer making down to a price and for its own account or a discount retailer will not.
Yes indeed
I would not recommend doing this without an airbrush unless you're a very, very good brush painter, and only then, with very good tape that you can burnish to the surface and make sure there is no bleed through. The most difficult parts of this is (1) making your tracings correct, and (2) making sure there's no bleed. While some people can do tracings (and by this, I mean cutting it out) by hand, like on a good day, I can do it, it's really better to use a very sharp blade with a ruler (frankly, a Swann Morton scapel will be much better for this than a x-acto, for example, as it is far sharper), and in the case of curved cuts, to use a compass cutter. There are other models (I actually don't like the OLFA one that much), but this one is well known. There was a user here recently who recommended something else, but I can't remember what it was (and wish I knew). https://www.amazon.com/OLFA-9911-Compass-Circle-Cutter/dp/B000BK7NWC
No. Not at all. Even in the 90s, including Tamiya, yes, *that* company, has often included fixed suspensions with molded on arms on relatively recent kits. Also, to be frank, Revell is built down to a price. They are usually mid market, relatively good value for money, but if you're buying a kit that costs 20-60% less than a premium kit like Tamiya and expecting the same quality, well, you'll find some good buys in that, but you'll also find bad ones. But they also have some really cool prestige kits, like their Platinum edition Bismarck, or their London Bus. That said, it's not a complete suckfest as people make it out to be, and their newly tooled kits tend to be fairly decent. With Revell, especially because they repackage so many older molds (partly for variety reasons, and because it's cheap to do it), research on the kit is a must before buying, and I would recommend including looking at the actual product numbers. They also don't always get it right; their Eurofighters (I don't know how good the new 1/72 one is) are modern kits, but are infamous for horrendous fit, while others are just fine; like their Rafale M is a very good kit (I have a build somewhere in my history) and you get a ton of value for money as it's packed full of ordnance and fuel tanks. And yes, I knew that was the Tamiya Panzer II (built/seen enough of them to easily recognize it). Note for example, that their Leopard 2 has more than one version, and some are newer than others. One really early Leopard 2A4, for example, is an Italeri mold, but that's been replaced by a newer one. I built that one, and it wasn't bad, especially for the price. In some markets, the pricing of Takom/Meng makes it so that RoG can't compete (like in the US, Revell Germany's Leopard can cost anywhere from 25-45 USD (look for sales, at 25 it's worthwhile, but a Meng kit costs less than double), but they probably also have higher manufacturing costs. For example, many Revell Germany kits are molded in Poland, whereas Takom/Meng can take advantage of cheaper molding costs in China. Finally, just because something is state of the art technology, doesn't mean it's always included, especially in more cheaper kits. Some people still regard those working torsion bars as a nice but unneeded gimmick; my impression of the reception AFV Club's working suspensions was that this was how they were perceived, as some people just hated building them for arguably little benefit.
Consider this instead, as it's less wasteful in the long run. Spray cans are single use devices, if they are bought in colors, and horrendously wasteful. Instead, buy (1) a can of Tamiya or good primer. Then buy some good quality, brushable paint. That same paint can be used in the airbrush you buy later, and you start accumulating a collection of paint slowly that is reusable for future projects instead of a disposable spraybomb. The paint I'd recommend based on my personal experience is: Model master acrylic, with the qualification that you MUST, absolutely MUST use a primer, like an enamel primer, Tamiya Spray Primer, or Mr. Surfacer spray primer. Otherwise, you can't mask it and it will lift. The paint has desirable working properties, like being thinnable with plain water, and it self levels/brushes very well. Other good brushable paints include Vallejo Model Color, which many people like. Buying four or five spray bombs is really wasteful. A good portion of the paint you're using will go onto whatever you're protecting your surface with instead of the actual model because of the wide dispersal pattern and the distance you'll be spraying it, the stuff is a pain to use, cools down, is noxious smelling, etc. Instead, you need to build your brush painting skills (which you'll still need after you get an airbrush) so instead, maybe try that? If you insist on spray painting: TS-2 - 100ml Dark Green Source: https://www.tamiyausa.com/items/plastic-model-series-20/1-48-scale-military-miniatures-10500/british-cromwell-tank-32528 Note that Tamiya USA has a bad habit of including the spray and bottled colors, or including the same color twice.
Nice work!
1. That's nice. You did not mention anywhere in your previous post that you did not want the original color, which was suggested by the manufacturer as their match for the color. How in the fuck was I supposed to know that? Read your mind? 2. Perhaps the cromwell or churchill you were building was ones that were offered by other companies. Again, you didn't specify the kit, so how in the fuck are we suppose to know? 3. You didn't need to be such a dick in your response. Firstly, you expressed interest in acquiring an airbrush in the future. I suggested a way where you could acquire skills that you could use for building your models and also acquiring stocks of paint that you could use for future models. YOU WERE WELCOME TO (1) ACCEPT THE SUGGESTION, (2) PARTIALLY ACCEPT THE SUGGESTION, OR (3) IGNORE IT. Given your response, you're welcome to ignore it. Had you been less discourteous, I would have at least bothered to follow up with your "I don't like TS-2" However, seeing your previous response and the needlessly disproportionately rude response, take care of it yourself. Also, why ask here? You're prefectly capable of doing things yourself, as you say, so why don't you do some research? Why should other people subsidize your laziness? If you're such a stickler, go to Armorama. They will probably have the shade down to the exact month of the year. You're quite welcome to go hire your hobo.
1. Your research is probably at an end. If you're *really* that much of a stickler, and you don't think TS-3 works (I HAVE a cromwell, by the way), and which I used Dark Green instead from Tamiya, in the bottle, and there is no color that you found referenced in the many, many builds of it that has a parallel color in a line of spray paints, then you're not likely to find a spray can that you're acceptable with. So you're probably correct, in that no, there won't be some magical shade of paint that will provide you with it. If there is anyone else who thinks otherwise, they'll add in their view on it. I don't build much modern armor so I can't help you there. 2. THERE IS AN ALTERNATIVE. If you're okay with using your airbrush LATER to post-shade your work, you can at least get started with the TS-3 spray or whatever you think its within the ballpark. If you plan to do any kind of color fading, modulating, you can apply a lighter, or darker color as appropriate along the panels ONCE YOU HAVE AN AIRBRUSH. But what it WILL allow you to do, is get started with some of the building if you want.
Nice!
Digital Navy used to host a WWI subchaser by the name of V108. They've since taken it offline, but it's still floating online. (It used to be free, now it isn't, but there are mirrors everywhere)
Essentially, yes, and the thicknesses you're using aren't that thick.
Yes. But it would be better to do a gloss coat without that and add gloss as needed rather than turn flat into gloss. In either case, recommend using a primer. If you're using the brushed model master acrylic, primer is a must. https://www.scalehobbyist.com/catagories/Paint_and_Construction/TES00004683/product.php?gclid=CJ299Zmww9ECFc1XDQodaWMAfQ Also, for the body, it's preferable if you don't have an airbrush to spray paint. Here: https://www.amainhobbies.com/tamiya-ts16-yellow-lacquer-spray-paint-3oz-tam85016/p27870?gclid=CJKDlKqww9ECFY5LDQodXa8E6w See this tutorial: http://www.italianhorses.net/Tutorials/PerfectPaint/paint.htm
Not bad, but you have a lot of areas of improvement. 1. Spray a gloss coat before applying your decals, and make sure the surface you're applying them to is glass smooth before applying decals. Your decals are silvered (see the warning sticker near the windshield, as are the roundels on the wings). 2. Use decal setting solution (preferably, Microsol, Mr. Mark Softer, Solvaset (that one I'd probably use very sparingly, as it's a bit strong), as none of the decals look like they conformed that well to the compound curves and bumps. Ideally, the decal will look as if it's painted on. 3. Mask your canopy. 4. Use a knife to carefully remove the parts off the sprue, including using the knife as a saw if you need to. There are big chunks of the rear stabilizers missing on the front end, on both sides. 5. Paint looks a bit grainy, particularly for the gray paint, but the green looks okay. 6. It looks like paint is drying from the nozzle to the model. Lower the spray pressure, thin your paint a bit more. You should not need to move the trigger 3/4ths of the way back. For Vallejo, you should get some retarder. Model Master acryl does dry on the tip a bit quick, see if there's a retarder you can use (you might be able to use artist store varieties). I should note from my own personal experience that Vallejo is okay. Their metallic shades I liked, but often the amount of dry tip I got was extremely aggravating.
I kind of want this...
Not always. I use both. For really delicate parts a cutter may crush or apply too much force and snap it.
It works. Look up removing seam lines on canopies on Google. The removal of the seam line and polishing the canopy is the same actions you'd take for a fogged or scratched canopy. I'd do it but I'm on a phone right now.
For parts that are extremely delicate, like handrails, antennas, and so on. Using a cutter in those cases also tends to send the part flying. In either case, whatever works. Also, when I use the knife, it's for extremely delicate parts or if the sprue gate is very large. Large sprue gates increase the chance that the cutters will crush rather than simply cut, damaging the plastic. For the handrails, I also cut as close to the actual attachment point as possible, so there, the knife is better because i'm basically removing a finished part instead of having to do cleanup afterwards. The point is, both are useful.
Many, many, many kits are manufactured in China. Hong Kong, IS China, and has been since 1997. They maintain a separate adminsitrative region and HK retained their laws for a period of time (and will continue to do so into the 2030s), but the PRC have also become more assertive lately in supporting pro-Beijing political candidates. If it's based in Macau, Hong Kong, etc, they are controlled by the PRC, and further, many of those companies do their design work in those jurisdictions and then subcontract or send their manufacturing to the mainland. The choice to do the design work or be based in Macau, Hong Kong, etc, is probably not an accident, and may have legal ramifications for the companies that they find advantageous (for one, both Macau and HK maintain their capitalistic and non-Chinese legal systems, and their financial rules and regulations). However, ALL those territories are controlled (at the end of the day) by China. **As for the downvote (NO THAT WAS NOT ME), let's *leave the politics out this sub*, okay? We don't need this place turning into yet another flaming pile of Trump said This, Parade of Deplorables That, Libtard this, and whatnot. You want that kind of shit, go to the NYT, Yahoo News, or WSJ comment pages. Plenty of flame wars there on this.** Tamiya does some of the manufacturing out of the Philippines, and Revell Germany often does Poland. Academy, Kagnam, ACE (I hear they subcontract), are Korean. As for the statement above, if there is an import duty, YES, prices could increase, so that's not an incorrect statement.
No. Vast majority are Chinese these days.
Nice work. Rather like that big bottle of Mr. Levelling Thinner...
Not quite as bad as I expected, but I might pick one up just to see and because it's just an odd and interesting subject.
http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/techniques/remove-scratches-defects-clear-parts/ http://www.arcair.com/tnt1/001-100/TNT037-Polishing-Canopies/00.shtm
Finally, if you're working with decals this big, don't apply MicroSet until after you've hit final positioning and pressed down the decal.
https://www.amazon.com/Revell-Bmw-2012-Martin-Tomczyk/dp/B00BECLP84
Nice work! But as with some of the other comments, the decals seem to have silvered.
10-15 years, perhaps? Given the fading in the decals. Also, did you burnish the metal foil with something to make it look like the brushed/bare metal finish afterwards on many of these planes?
If there is a Mirage kit that builds its curved intakes without copious amounts of sanding and swearing, I haven't heard of it. Yes, that includes Eduard's Mirage III
Difficult, especially because of the way cars are painted. Normally, the solution some people recommend is to use a ton of decal setting solution, use a knife blade to perforate portions of the decal and then drown the area with setting solution. That won't work for you, because cars require a super smooth, high gloss finish and pocking around on it might well ruin the good finish underneath. Try soaking it in some decal setting solution some more, it can't hurt, at least.
There are two schools of thought I've run into: 1. Panel line washes should be applied, always, as matter of artistic interpretation of the full size subject. Honestly, a lot of the current trends in heavy weathering, shading, very dark panel line washes, often if you look at reference photos are somewhat divorced from reality. Some planes (especially wealthier air forces, it would seem, or those that do more maintenance, or, presumably park their airplanes in closed hangars), will have actually surprisingly little weathering, although older and less well maintained airframes will also have tons of it. For example, look at various photos of the Mirage 2000s (mostly because that's what I'm working on right now), and you'll see significant variation. Some look like there are no panel lines to be seen, or extremely faint, and others look as dark as models do. This approach points out that as scale models, lighting and other things don't scale with the subject, so it's perfectly fine to include washes and dark ones, and weird color fading to make something *interesting to look at.* The current trend popularized by AK, Mig, Wilder, etc, all are somewhat more towards this point of view (plus they're also trying to sell their products; nothing wrong with that, they are useful to everyone and also convenient, but bear in mind they have a vested interest in making you want to emulate their models) 2. The other school of thought tends to focus on looking at references, and considering other issues that don't scale. For example, if you look at the gun port of an F-16 (look to the left side, that hole just behind the cockpit), you'll see that it's black colored because there's a vent or something. On the model, if you *don't* drop a black/dark brown wash into there, that shadow of the vent doesn't show up on the model because the shadows don't scale the same way it does on the real aircraft. This school of thought decides that washes and the like should be based mostly or even exclusively upon available reference materials that indicate where the wear and tear occurs. Also, be aware that there are immaculate aircraft, and very dirty ones, so what may be appropriate for one airplane may not be for another. Compare these F-16s from the same air force. http://www.runway28.nl/reports/2004_06_30_EHLW/pictures/2004_06_30_EHLW_P11.jpg http://www.alide.com.br/noticias/chile05/chile05-018.jpg But also see: http://www.f-16.net/g3/var/resizes/f-16-photos/album37/album13/aqm.jpg?m=1371912235 Another point is that in scale models, some of the more subtle effects because of the size of the model arguably wouldn't be visible unless exaggerated for the eyes of the viewer. As a further aside, the current trend towards preshading in black, and more recently, what is referred to as "black basing" was practically unusued during the late 90s/early 2000s. It's a relatively new, and trendy thing to do. Similarly, referring to something as a "pin wash" is just a product of certain individuals who are respected modelmakers/product sellers who found a new term to describe a process that has been used for a long time. Other terms, like "oil paint rendering", "dot filters", "filters", "modulation" etc, are largely the creations of people like Mig Jimenez and similar (perhaps not him specifically.) Michael Rinaldi specifically coins the term "oil paint rendering" in his books (abbreviating them as "OPR", for whatever reason, probably because he didn't want to keep typing "oil paint rendering" in his book.)
There are also some people who pick the in-between. I do my paint for visual interest and with reference to photos, but usually don't go to extreme lengths to depict the wear patterns to one specific plane. Instead, mine are often either (1) creating tonal variation for visual interest, (2) a hybrid of reference photos usually never restricted to a single airframe and dropping in washes and weathering that are common to the aircraft based upon photos, plus accounting for things that don't scale (like vent holes for gun packs/cannons) And based upon your posts earlier in the day, frankly, if the only reason you're asking this question is because your *first time* using washes (and they're not designed to be use on raised details) and you didn't like the result, I suggest you try again on a more appropriate model and reserving judgment until you've had more opportunities to try using it for more favorable results.
Take a toothpick or something and gently rub off those scraps of paint bleed on the rear right windows, other than that, nice metal finish and build.
I thought about making the books as a weapons joke, but thought better of it. Litigator?
Honestly, I've been a bit out of touch with my modelmaking lately, so I was practicing to decide whether I want to go with preshading which requires much more precise work, or use a black primer base and then just fill in, which is more tedious, but less precision painting required (as you can fill in by dots of paint). Yes, the Mirage 2000 is one of my favorite designs; it's very aerodynamically clean looking and to me is the ultimate evolution of the delta winged platform, at least for a fighter. I'm undecided, though I have to decide soon; once I dissolve and finish sanding the filler I'm going to have to lay down primer, and at that point I'll have to commit some choice.
Ah, fair enough. Transactional myself, but I would prefer to be litigating; I actually didn't see the pile of reporters on the right, but saw the texts on the left. Well, I dunno about that. if they fall apart you can fling it in their faces as chaff until you can pull your glock or throw the other more recent volumes at them.
Not entirely true, but it's harder to do and even *more* tedious than traditional brush painting. https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/
Yes. In this case since he said acrylic paint from Testors, then it's Model Master Acrylic, most likely, or some rarely seen testors acrylic, because most of their line is enamels.
Haha, me too. Me too...
It can be done with alclad and judicious masking.
Nice work!
I have to admit, it takes some real hubris to design single link/length tracks when you can't even build a square hull.
I used to almost always hand brush road wheels in Nato black. Now, I spray the tops, but use it for the rims.
Model Factory Hiro. http://www.modelfactoryhiro.com/new/en/archives/14225
Many countries have laws against promoting smoking now, so they don't include them. It's also a touchy subject because models are considered toys (and well, they are, albeit difficult to assemble and sophisticated). Other logos are often omitted for trademark licensing reasons as well. For example, there's a reason in many countries now you no longer have candy cigarettes (yes, that used to be a thing).
Never mind. Look on youtube for videos of modellers who use these instruments. Several people here produce youtube videos that go through builds which will teach you how to use this or how they use it. 1. u/sergiotron 2. u/boomer583 3. Plasmo Scale Modelling on youtube. 4. Paul Budzik. Look up these concepts, which I don't agree with the names for them, but which are what they are referred to as these days: 1. preshading/postshading. 2. black basing: see Doog's Models; his blog is also an exhibit of good builds. 3. color modulation 4. Scale lighting. Depending on the price of your airbrush, this is a quick and dirty cleaning guide for Chinese airbrushes that I wrote: https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzw9o/master_g23type_airbrush_takedown_and_cleaning/ Much of this is going to require learning on the job; you won't know exactly how to set pressures, thin, etc, until you actual use it and learn, not entirely via trial by error.
Looks better and neater than your last effort, unless this is just a repost with things tidied up. Consider doing a silver/metallic gray drybrush along the machine gun to make some of the details pop. Mud on the wheels seems a bit heavy, but that's up to the builder, or it was just a way to eliminate the overspray problem without actually repainting. Works as long as the mud looks right. Neat detail for the unditching logs; you can in the future tie in little knots to emulate barbed wire. FYI, you can drop a dark wash around those bit rivet heads on the face of the turret.
Mineral oil will do in a pinch. I use labelle oil also used for model trains, the one that is plastic safe so it won't eat any o rings or damage seals.
No, I mean does the joint look good? I'm not worried about scribing. It's weird, sometimes it looks fine, sometimes it doesn't. Yes that was exactly the plan with acetate or sheet styrene as the frame. As it turns out, what I thought was the projector lens was treated as the HUD but others but as some have pointed out that the wrong shape.
See Italianhorses.net and look at the tutorials section. Look in particular the tutorials on priming and body spray.
No. That kit is notorious for fit problems, airbrake, intakes, etc. I hear detail wise it's not bad, but it's a kit that takes a lot of work. They do have a new tool eurofighter in 1/72 that is supposed to be better. I mean..I'd still buy it. It's one of the few games in town aside from Hasegawa and Trumpeter (don't bother with the really old airfix one), only in 1/32. And the qualifications are correct. The kit is not bad for 20 pounds. There aren't really any fantastic options for it. I hope zoukei or meng, etc comes up with one. It's one of the modern German revell kits that just doesn't hit the mark in terms of fit, and stands out as one of the most troublesome, even thought their new tools are generally decent and in some cases quite good. I'm actually one of the people who think revell Germany is often good value for money and with decent kits, and this is the one I always list as an exception. New tool build/review : http://www.themodellingnews.com/2017/01/building-new-172nd-single-seat.html
You should ask him about the one that is wrecked and half sunk. Far right.
Much appreciated!
No, that's about it. Armorcast made some kits back in the day, and there are some 3d prints on Thingiverse, and a few cottage producers. Example: http://battlemechclub.blogspot.com.au/ But no, generally speaking there are no additional kits aside from that. http://www.scalemodeladdict.com/SMF/index.php?topic=11205.0 The rest are paper models that you can find online, and were previously distributed through the forums at MekTek.
Pretty good, notice a fair amount of green overspray on the yellow, and what happened with the front right canopy?
Hey, nice job regardless. Congrats!
There's a smattering of it all over the internet. http://www.revell.com/news/brand-history.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monogram_(company) https://www.revell.de/en/company/history.html Currently, Revell Germany is a subsidiary of Hobbico, itself a consolidator of a number of brands. You can find all kinds of plastic under their brands: Frog, Hasegawa, Italeri, ICM, Zvezda, Matchbox (if you see an unusual subject released from them, you'd be well advised to research the kit because they own/have boxed so many companies' molds, and they re-release Matchbox regularly for the more esoteric subjects. There has been significant consolidations in the last few years. (For example, if you're into model trains, Hornby owns Airfix, Arnold, Lima, Hornby, Jouef model trains, Pocher, Rivarossi). Revell/Monogram used to be separate companies. A downtown in the model industry a few decades ago led to all kinds of strange consolidations. At one point, MPC and Airfix kits were sold by General Mills (yes, *that* General Mills, which later got out of the toy business). It leads to some interesting histories of kits. Frog - their molds have been all over the place. Some are still owned by Revell Germany, and have been issued by Novo (Russia), and other eastern european manufacturers. Heller - Once owned by either Airfix or Humbrol, maybe even General Mills, now again a separate company that declared bankruptcy yet again in the last two years, but is now again making kits (or really, has never really stopped) Airfix - Also long and complicated; became part of general mils in the 70s, divested, had some tie-up with Heller (for a while you could get Heller plastic in Airfix boxes), a few other ones I can't remember or don't know, then bankrupt in the early/mid 2000s, bought out of bankruptcy by Humbrol and which has led to their current resurgence. Revell and Monogram were separate companies, Revell Germany was a subsidiary, Revell Germany then became separate, and now isn't again. There are a lot more others (Japanese molds from extinct manufacturers like Nichimo, Otaki, LS, Bandai (yes, they used to make kits and they are still making the Star Wars stuff, Union), the list goes on.
Agreed. The endless Revell bashing is just tiresome, and means that good subject that could be had at competitive prices are just being ignored, or esoteric ones that while harder to build, but which are comparatively unique. (Like who makes a DHC Beaver?) Blanket statements about kit manufacturers are rarely accurate anyway; Hasegawa's older kits with raised panel lines and stuff like that are notorious for fit problems, for example, with their split ejection seats for their F-18, raised lines for the F-15C, and a bunch of older offerings that do not live up to anywhere near their reputation these days. Similarly, manufacturers who have seriously upped their game still keep getting pigeonholed by people who built them decades ago; think of yet *another* comment about "all Airfix sucks." No, they do not, especially in the kits tooled in the last ten years, and even in the olden days, they had some good kits mixed in with the bad. Finally, if you buy a kit that's decades old and expect to shake the box and get a Tamiya model, then really, who is being unreasonable? Given the enormous amount of information available about kits these days (and Scalemates.com) if you don't do the research and you're a modelmaker who has been doing this for some time, well ,really, whose fault is that?
It was known as hobby shack in the 90s, a fairly well known company then. They declined in the early 2000s and changed their name sometime then. Much bigger on RC than model making thought. They were regular advertisers in the model mags back then and at one time produced their own (probably subcontracted) RC planes and similar.
Much appreciated, thanks. Ironically, that is a layer of xf 19 sky gray as primer. That's not bare plastic, even thought it looks the part. Black will go over it next.
I don't always use the same thinning ratios, so no, I wouldn't do this. The same paint I use for a base coat I might want thicker for a detail paint or weathering, etc. If you want to do that get small bottles from the art store and mix up a batch to keep on hand. I also don't use fixed ratios unless the paint chart asks for it. It makes the assumption that you will always want that same level of dilution, which for me is almost never the case. I may thin more or less depending upon what effect I want and how much opacity I want. So I use the base color and then mix. If I think I'm going to need a lot, I leave a separate bottle or plastic cup with a custom mix and label. Some thinners also evaporate over time so I'd rather keep the paint in its stable original form and mix as needed than make a big batch with less predictable storage ability.
Make sure you buy via product number. Companies may accidentally or on purpose sell you the old one.
Indeed. The xf 19 coat was always going to be covered either by a matte coat of the same or a NATO black coat. I think the lines are actually level. Thanks again.
Same. I use xf 19 sky gray. Also mandatory if you plan to use model master acrylic or you won't be able to use masking tape without it lifting.
Try looking up the life like company's gliders. The design should be broadly similar. They were the makers in the 90s and given how ubiquitous these were you should be able to find one. It also appears that they were then produced by Guillow, the balsa airplane people. Try writing them...maybe they have one for sale or could provide you more data. Leave out the part about putting a model in a game and they might be sympathetic to wanting to memorialize your friend. Also see Rcgroups as they used to use these for rc plane conversions.
1. Yes. 2. Probably, yes.
Plus it probably agitates the paint more, as it's not spherical.
A shame too, since so many interesting subjects aren't made by Tamiya/(name manufacturer here), or come only in vacuform kits, older kits, resin, and eastern European short run kits, all of which offer some pretty unique subjects and which can make even the worst Revell/Lindberg kit look benign.
Haha, indeed.
My family still has one.
Thanks for the suggestions. I'm not so concerned about the green, but that's a good point. It just somehow looked bad to me overall.
Also, great job on the tornado!
Save up for a better one. Generally it is better also to buy one that isn't the kit makers brand because unless they subcontracted the manufacturing to a reputable company, the only source of spare parts will be revell...you are better off trying to get spares from iwata, hansa, harder steenbeck, etc. Who knows if revell will spares for this in a few years? Also, I am on my phone, but it looks like a cheap one at that, maybe even one of the really cheap Chinese made models. it will probably work but most people would be better off buying a double action brush. Also, where is the compressor? Canned air propellant is not recommended. It combines the difficulties of using an airbrush (which are more difficult than spray cans) with the pressure inconsistencies of a propellent can, which when used will cool down and eventually lower pressure. Also, canned air is expensive. Buy more than a few cans and you'll have wasted the money that would provide an effectively infinite supply of air. There are much better choices than this one.
Ah didnt see that.
Interesting idea.
Especially since as op says he has a compressor.
No, they are not. Also airfix hasn't released a new tool eurofighter.
Not at all, just wanted to make sure for all involved. But if it was a nice kit, that's all that really matters.
Good eye. Even so, better can be had for just a little more as you say, and op already has a compressor.
Actually, my usual practice is to mask the canopy at the same time the rest of the plane is painted; instead of bothering with all this stuff about sponges and the like. It also helps blend the paint shades to the airframe in terms of color.
Suggestions: 1. As mentioned by everyone here, *thin your paint*. Use distilled water, plus a drop of dish soap (only a touch of it) if it's the italeri acrylics. There are extremely obvious brush strokes. 2. Leave the weapons off, including the underwing ordnance and paint the model and ordnance separately, *then* assemble. I see that the area near the rockets were not painted. Alternatively, if you had already assembled them, you could've simply painted it without any regard for the color of the rockets, then paint the rockets with a thin brush after you got a good coat of coverage on the wings. 3. Decals are misaligned; refer to the diagram for better placement. 4. Gloss coat before applying decals. If you're US based, you can buy pledge multi surface floor care, which is cheap to buy at hardware stores/supermarkets, and then brush that stuff on. After you finish applying the decals, you can apply a coat of flat clear (in this case, Model Master Acrylic flat clear. 5. Seams that are left unfilled or show signs that they should have been clamped, adjusted, or test fitted better. Most particularly obvious is the underside of the fuselage, with that visible, very large gap. 6. Masking tape will prevent those lack of straight lines; at the very minimum, mark the line with a pencil and ruler; it'll provide a neater result than what you currently have, even if imperfect. 7. Canopy frames have not been painted, but at this point, worry about getting a consistent, thin coat of paint and good coverage and assembly before you worry about that. 8 Drop tanks and bomb seem misaligned and off center on the attachment points. 9. Propeller tips are yellow.
Tamiya's not good for brush painting, really. This is the tutorial I usually recommend if you must brushpaint tamiya, but even then, it's a real chore. https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/ Better: Vallejo, or Model Master acrylic, but only if (in the case of MM) you lay down a primer before starting to paint, or you will be unable to mask it/stick tape to it without lifting the paint.
Nice work! You might consider the new C-54 revell put out recently. I don't know if the reviews or fit was good, but it's along similar lines in terms of subject. http://www.scalemodellingnow.com/hnaircraftkits-revell-c54d-skymaster
They don't ruin it, but the solvents often evaporate, and the final product is arguably less stable than the original base paint.
http://kits.kitreview.com/italeri1146reviewgp_1.htm You might be able to find an older discounted version on ebay; Testors used to import them, which is the one OP has.
Prototype in paper and card stock, then build in sheet styrene and tubes available from evergreen, plastruct, etc. Make some kind drawings and then start cutting. It's an ambitious first project. No, don't use CA. If you're using paper, pva glue, if plastic use liquid cement for plastics. Depending on where or what part it is, yes, it may need an internal structure or armature to support the weight or provide rigidity. If it was me doing it, I might create a frame and bulkheads, then cover in thin plastic sheet, filling gaps with model filler putties or Bondo. For other shapes like the engines, I'd use tubes. Canopy, I'd either find a usefully shaped piece of packaging, or heat form it with sheet plastic on a wooden or other temperature resistant master mold.
Good, but take a look at the rear of the car with the copper colored pipes/exhausts, whatever those are. The paint is overly thick. Same with the gold portions, but a bit less so. All in all, not bad. Congrats.
This is better than a lot of first builds, congrats!
How is the lightning? I have it in my stash and have not gotten around to starting it.
Ah, do feel better. Yes, I opened it up to inspect it. Planning...whenever I get to it, to do a bare metal finish. Not looking forward to that substantial set of stencils though, must be honest.
This may also give you some guidance. It's a very old article. http://www.starshipmodeler.com/tech/my_scratch.htm If you're any good with 3d modelling, you probably should consider having it 3d printed, or at least certain components.
Pressure looks too high or paint not thinned enough, leading to that dusty effect and grains of paint.
Honestly kind of both. The final paint layers are also a bit more textured than I would expect. Look at photo two, see the big and small droplets on the white?
3d printing may be helpful for the areas around the engines. Those little bits would be very tedious go construct. As for that model photo you included if shows signs of 3d printing.
Try thinning your paint more, lower pressure and spraying a bit closer. Not too thin or it will run.
See the faq, and also: Still in beta/copy editing and additions still need to be made, plus formatting is a mess, but maybe it'll be helpful. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/wiki/airbrush I wrote this and it's somewhat opinionated, but the suggestions under the list (i.e. the short and sweet list of airbrushes marked low/high end) (particularly the Iwata CN, Hansa Ultra, etc, are widely well regarded here.) As for the chinese airbrushes, I would not recommend them for most new people **(edit *with caveats depending on how much you want to initially spend, how much you can afford to spend, and how much maintenance and extra work you're willing to put in to a cheaper airbrush)**, simply because they require significantly more maintenance and are less reliable and precise. I actually agree with u/HughJorgens, as I still use the very cheap "Vogue Air" nail art compressor with my expensive airbrush, but that's definitely the minority opinion here, and if you have the money, you are better off buying something nicer.
I actually recommend the Master G23 instead, as it costs only a little bit more, but there is something to be said in what you recommend, as it's pretty basic. Also, my writeup recommended it as a Chinese brush because I have personal experience with it (three years of it, in fact.), so I went with what I know and what's generally considered good among others here. Note Don's airbrush tips also gave it a qualified "this is not bad" review. Specifically: https://www.amazon.com/Master-Airbrush-Multi-Purpose-Dual-Action-Professional/dp/B002KJDXHQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1484956781&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=master+g23 It can be had from other retailers for as low as 15 USD, and as high (particularly in Europe) as 50 EUR. Since you actually use it and are familiar with it, perhaps add your impressions to the writeup under a new budget category on top of the Chinese airbrush section I wrote? If not, let me know, PM me, I can add it later.
We're a bit opposite on that (regarding single v. double action). I started on a single, swapped to a double (with that airbrush) and never looked back. I still have a single action (well, okay, it's a coast away), but have never felt the interest in picking it up again. It was a single action, external mix, siphon fed brush. I greatly disliked using it, in fact. On the other hand, you, and indeed, Adam Savage of mythbusters fame has said he prefers the exact single action brush I disliked so much. Specifically (and it's also just a good video to watch) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBHQ7lQGOf0 Although mechanically more complex, I vastly prefer the additional control, but that's just my opinion. You can certainly add in your own thoughts on it, and I can add them in (if you send via PM) or you can take a crack at it too. It would be good for example to provide a list of budget, reliable airbrushes that are single action for newbies, particularly for teenagers and the like (it wasn't that long ago for me either) who are on very limited budgets, but I would defer (and prefer) that you provide your much more substantial expertise on using single action, because that's definitely not me.
Also, I would seriously consider wood, for components like the fuselage.
Haha, I guess we're definitely in agreement there. Very much disliked it. It's also apparently an ancient design dating maybe as far back as the 30s.
Nice, and congrats!
Try soaking in simple green cleanser.
What kind of paint is this? If it's tamiya acrylic, soak in alcohol to strip, then redo.
Nice work!
Use a cardboard template for the slicing wire on both sides of the sphere. Same for the second cut. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ombv3lS4fS4
This ratio is very helpful, thanks.
Nice, I've been looking for the Lufthansa one.
EPS styrofoam is made of little balls of foam. You try sawing that and it'll make a huge mess. The knife needs to be razor sharp or a hot wire.
It is okay to use Tamiya primer then mm. No, it's lacquer.
Fair enough. Bottom line is that it must be razor sharp to basically cut through the little balls of foam. Note: most serrated blades will be far too rough and coarse grained to do anything except leave a big mess. Edit: also, the username symmetry is hilarious. u/Chthulhu, meet u/TheGreatCthulhu!
Tamiya strips with alcohol. Mm acrylic doesn't. You'll need simple green, or brake fluid. I could suggest spray oven cleaner but that's really nasty stuff.
It's not my tutorial, just one I found ages ago. But yes. We really should rewrite a version of this and put it on the FAQ.
Yes that too. The main problem right now is that the mm primer is no different than the paint. It's a primer that ironically needs another primer to work, defeating it's purpose.
I really wish they'd redo this one. It's a beautiful plane. It's from *1957*. The same year Sputnik, yes, *that* Sputnik launched. Hell, I'd bet a good number of people here had parents who hadn't even been born yet. https://www.scalemates.com/kits/123614-airfix-00013-dh-comet And you made an awful kit real nice.
I just bought one. If I decide to stop doing the Strike Fighters group build or finish it, I'll do a build along using the same paints as a tutorial or something. Or at least, I got a corvette C.6 or something like that. I actually don't like them, but I need something to get out of this funk I've been in lately. I have not been enjoying that Mirage, even though it's one of my absolute favorite designs. In the meantime, PM me what you're doing and I can give comments and suggestions if you want.
Really? (Re Microsol) If you can't get MM Acryl in the UK, and a quick search suggests that's difficult, you might want to get Vallejo paints and the equivalent color. Those are supposed to be brush friendly. https://www.hannants.co.uk/search/?search_direction=asc&amp;product_type_id=1850 https://www.amazon.co.uk/Microscale-BMF128-Micro-setting-solution/dp/B0006O9K5Q http://www.scalemodelshop.co.uk/microscale-modelling-solutions.html If you must use MM Acryl (though I guess I wouldn't recommend it seeing as it's hard to get in the UK), this is a good store in the Eurozone that you can buy from. (See the inside links; model-making.eu or whatever.) http://www.britmodeller.com/forums/index.php?/topic/234977197-model-master-acryl-paints-source-for-the-uk/ Given your difficulties sourcing it, I would suggest Vallejo's line instead, as that stuff is supposed to be quite brush friendly (i personally don't like it, but many do), and it will be much, much easier to get. Microsol is also readily available in the UK online.
Decals. Assuming you can apply them correctly and they are well printed, it'll do a better job than what you're able to brush paint. This is what I managed to do with very small brushes, drybrushing, and future for the glass screens instead of decals. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/5nok4o/148_mirage_2000d_cockpit_wip/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage Same scale.
You can, but I've never done it and it some ways it's only a stopgap. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpfGdCOd6aY http://airbrushdoc.com/discussion/fix-bent-needle/ But check and clean first. That's the last possibility and it'll be immediately visible if it is.
Fair enough. For Tamiya acrylic both are overkill. Alcohol will do it. True, toxicity is not the same as being caustic, which is what the oven cleaner is. Both are nasty to use.
Very nice. May I ask what you use for the rigging?
Some comments. 1. You already know about the canopy. 2. Paint on the front console looks a bit thick, as does the paint in the landing gear bays. 3. There seems to be stray black paint along the canopy where the joint line is to the fuselage, on the left side. 4. The white with the national flag on it seems a bit rough textured, suggesting (as that's probably a decal) that the underlying paint texture could've been a bit smoother. 5. Next time, test fit your canopy. That's a fit problem that could've been solved up front with some judicious sanding or other adjustments. 6. Paint on the brake actuator also looks a bit thick (the hydraulic component in the back). 7. Visible running seam line along the bottom of the aircraft where the fuselage split is, unless that line is intended to be there in the future it should be better fitted or filled in. 8. Otherwise, pretty good. Note that you don't really need to drop a ton of weathering because as airshow planes they are kept in pretty good condition overall. Note: Had you not applied the decal to the canopy, you could've easily stripped, remasked, and then redone it.
This is very helpful, thank you.
Aww, thank you for the gold! Look, if you want to build the eurofighter, it's still one of the main choices in town, you just kind of accept the fit issues. I would strongly recommend you read the many buildups of it previously that will highlight where the issues are. 2/6: You could have also simply thinned your paint more. Don't rush. 3/5: In the grand scheme of things, comparatively minor. White is one of the hardest colors to paint, as most paints have a hard time getting an opaque coat. In that case, it looks like it was drying as it was hitting the surface. Painting usually emphasizes, rather than hides unfilled lines.
1. Mask your lines a little better or use the surface to your advantage (yellow/upper green demarcation line is messy. 2. Decals near the engine intakes look silvered. Apply a gloss coat next time and then apply. The german crosses also look silvered, but they might also not be, but the "13" number seems to be fine. 3. You can improve the joint between the upper and lower wing halves, and the joint where the wing joins the fuselage near the intakes. As I recall, this is a pretty good fitting kit. 4. Splinter camo looks fairly good, straight edges, decent coating. 5. Walkway/red warning lines look silvered. Hope that helps.
Nice work!
Visible clear film around the decal that is not actually part of the marking itself that remains visible after the decal is applied due to air bubbles or imperfect surface adhesion. Good decal applications will minimize the visibility of such outlines so that the marking appears as if it was painted on, as it would be in real life.
Maybe it saved on short term tooling costs of the initial molds, plus less waste. By making a single weapons package to fit all birds they dont need to keep tooling the same missiles over and over again. You want ordnance? Buy this hop up set.
True enough. At least in the kits I built, they do tend to include those.
You'll need to sand it and polish back to clarity first. That fogging is etching in the canopy. Future is unlikely to clear that by itself.
Generally, but if you have recommendations for Zara cruisers, I would appreciate it. Or recommendations of ways you conduct searches for sources or good archives you've run into. The French national library for example used to have an archive of naval architecture drawings.
Again, much appreciated.
So after a disappointing last attempt, I redid the Mirage 2000D's gray coat. The shading is exaggerated, but that's because this is the first pass. It'll be followed up by a post shading of a slightly more blue/gray color, more paint on the radome, and then a layer of dark green. Barring a really slow week at work, it probably won't be done in time for the close of the Strike Fighters groupbuild, but it'll probably get done not long after, work commitments depending. While the Mirage 2000 is one of my favorite planes, I have to admit I haven't really enjoyed building this kit. More flash than there really should be for such a new mold, some fit problems, and an instruction manual that has the most errors I've seen in a while. I will definitely be building another one (a Mirage 2000B, which has the more interesting blue/gray camo), but definitely not for a while. Thoughts are welcome as always.
They regularly repop a bunch of stuff, and own the Matchbox molds, or a significant portion of them, particularly for aircraft and some 1/72 or 76th scale armor. Those molds are older, fit less well, and have large engraved detail. The upside: they usually are of more esoteric subjects that haven't been made by other companies. (For example, a DH Twin Otter or similar, 1/32 Tiger Moth, DH Sea Venom, Canberra PR variants) The downside: you have to contend with much older, 1970s/80s era kits that were previously made by Matchbox, which were not all that detailed even when they were new. Revell US also reboxes some Revell Germany kits in US packaging. In most cases you are better off buying the Revell Germany version. In any case, ALL ROG kits must checked against scalemates.com before buying and research done. Finally, ROG also reboxes eastern european kits, including Zvezda and ICM. Their TOPOL-M, Hind V, and some BF-109 or other are russian toolings. The first two are very recent. At various times in their history, they also reboxed: FROG, Hasegawa, Italeri. Note however, that if you are looking at reboxings of Zvezda and ICM kits, at least until recently, you were better off buying the Revell Germany version because the decals were of better quality.
Much appreciated. It's a first pass, I definitely plan to tone it down in subsequent passes as mirages don't have this kind of heavy shading. It's using a black primer base instead of shading...haven't been able to precision paint lately. The gray is also a few shades off to me, but that was purposeful. Once I add in a second layer, post shading, the panels should fade into the background more. There will likely be another pass with a different shade of gray, plus a final post shade and touchup. Then on to green. And thanks for the comments! Very helpful. And yes. The left wing (with post shading after) is the level of shading I'm looking for. For now, the initial pass is just to define the starting point to do additional work. Nice work on your mudhen build, by the way.
They're not the only ones who do this. Tamiya regularly does this with italeri kits for their market.
You should consider reading up on the software errors that were discovered later that essentially suggest that the reputation they got was rather inflated. It's interesting stuff. Also, quite a bargain. Looks like a nice kit.
u/Pukit, think you meant u/WhatsMyLoginAgain....
No worries at all, just wanted to make sure the right guy gets the message. Thank you, and thoughts on it if any are welcome of course.
Tamiya offers more than one panther. One is relatively recent and modern. The other is from the 1970s. Look on scalemates. The 1970s version will be less accurate, simpler, and was originally designed with motors.
Decent, however, the following comments: 1. Chipping and scratches seem a bit overdone, and in arguably illogical places. 2. Unclear why the wheels have "pie slices" of mud on them. 3. Track dust layer is actually pretty good. 4. Some of the scratches or whatever seem like...well, drawn on with a paintbrush. Why are they randomly curved on large flat surfaces, for example? 5. You can drop a dark wash into the headlights with the covers on them to indicate the shadow that would exist because of the recess where the light is versus the cover. 6. Could use some washes on things like the rivets, bolt heads, etc.
Significant overspray along the bottom where the blue/silver separates on the fuselage.
Not bad, but some comments, as this could be significantly improved. 1. Thin your paints. I'm not sure what paint you're using, areas look overly thick, some places look like they didn't get enough coverage. If this is model master acrylic, you should have been able to lay down a very even coat of paint. Use a wider brush for those wide metal areas and a thinner one for the areas leading up to the red trim. 2. Neater painting. You should be using masking tape or a small brush for those areas between the silver and the red. It's frankly, quite messy. The prop tips are a different color, but the lines aren't straight, which they are supposed to be, nor are the red wingtips, the olive drab anti-glare panel on top of the fuselage, etc. **Edited** It appears that upon closer inspection, you used tape. Well, regardless, the lines are not that well demarcated, there are areas where the paint lifted (see red on the wingtips), and the masking is less than neat (see the red sections on the back towards the fins). 3. Your decals don't seem like they silvered (visible film, that is) which is good. 4. I'm not sure what's going on with all that gray/black grime all over the entire airframe. First, if you're doing weathering, you should look up reference photos to see what they actually looked like, second, it looks well, like someone took a diluted mixture of paint and then just deposited it all over the airframe. See: http://www.diseno-art.com/news_content/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/F-82-Twin-Mustang-7.jpg. Weathering is nice and all, but weathering covers up less than perfect work only to a point. At some point, it'll detract from the look or just make it seem even less neatly built. 5. Canopy is not masked. 6. Bubbling in the paint layer along the rear stabilizer with a very obvious texture that shouldn't be there. 7. Visible joint lines along the bottom of the fuselage. 8. Given your other post, I'd say concentrate less on weathering and damage and the like, and focus on doing a factory fresh, clean build, and *then* do weathering. Also, your weathering would have been more subtle if you used a panel line wash (what is referred to by people today as a "pin wash") consisting of diluted paint (enamel, if your underlayer is acrylic) carefully applied with a very thin brush.
A clean first real build. Nice work. A few suggestions: you can emphasize the panel lines by dropping in a wash; scratches with graphite pencils, that sort of thing. If you have any old watercolors around, that should work. Other than that, this fairly clean work. I did see that rough joint along the middle of the left side of the turret, the curved portion about 1/3rd of the way through. Can also drop some silver into the outside lights on both sides of the headlight clusters.
Yes, I would like to emphasize that these are meant as constructive comments, not simply for the sake of being mean.
Try a pencil.
The Nashorn is a nice kit, if a bit fiddly. Definitely should try it out, and for the price it's a bargain.
Wow, an EB110....
Comments: 1. Not much to comment with respect to assembly. 2. As a more meta comment, you've kind of created considerably more difficulty and work by not working in subassemblies (e.g. teh turrets, conning tower, fire control directors, etc.) by assembling the entire model before painting. For example, it might be better to paint the deck and turret rings before installing the turrets, superstructure painted while not attached, to make life easier for you. Other than that, paint and there's more comments to be had.
Nice in either case, and very small scale too. Do you like the GHQ miniatures generally?
Wet coats are learned, but they can be done. Also, look into a good gloss coat. You also have an arguable advantage that a spray can doesn't have. Control. The new airfix one? Nice...
There are frames on it. Use a very thin masking tape like Tamiya yellow tape to mask it off. http://www.swannysmodels.com/Canopies.html While some will say it's impossible to mask a canopy and paint by hand, it's not. Just damned difficult.
Tiny strips; worst case you can buy a premade/precut mask.
You apparently are not the first person to discover this. http://www.britmodeller.com/forums/index.php?/topic/234980783-canopies-why-not-use-extra-thin/ https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28xmpt/questions_about_gluing_clear_parts/ As a matter of best practices though, I still treat solvent based glues as potentially fogging the canopy and take care to use as little as possible. Of the three, CA is the most likely to cause fogging. With Testors tube glue, however, you can cause fogging. It's also just kind of messy to use. The solvents used might differ, perhaps which may account for the difference but I have no independent proof of this.
Very nice, given the size.
Yeah, I know people who do that, but for me it just creates considerable additional work.
It's somewhat better. Streaks along the blue portions of the S-foil/wing still look kind of artificial, but from a distance it should look fine. Look at the laser cannons; if there's any one area that I would spend more time on, it's those. There are a lot of nooks and crannies along the laser cannon (particularly that round section that connects near the wing) where you can drop a dark colored wash into it to emphasize the hollow areas/vent holes (whatever they really are; it's sci-fi after all) and bring out the detail. Right now, the entire laser cannon is white. Some washes and chips there and the like would be good. Paint the torpedo launcher ports (those oval things along the fuselage) a darker color or even have streaks/thinned paint sprayed) running along the rear of the launcher away from the port. Or, use a dark wash instead. Some of your laser cannons are dirtied up for the tips, but interestingly are not for the part where it connects with the wing. As for the paintjob, well, the model is prepainted.
You should be fine; the only exception to that is that I would avoid a gray primer coat if the final color is white. Just makes it more difficult to paint a very white layer on top.
For example: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/0/01/X-wing_KX9_laser_cannon_battlefront.png/revision/latest?cb=20160704064823 This is from the T-65 X-wing from the original movies, but the same vents/holes are present in your version.
1. Pressure too high. 2. Paint probably not thinned adequately. 3. Spray cans are typically sprayed 6-12 inches away. That's too far for an airbrush. The paint is drying halfway to the model.
For brush painting: https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/ It's still not generally recommended.
1. Don't use tube glue. Use something like Tamiya Extra Thin, Plastruct Weldene/Bondene (or whatever, it's liquid) 2. Clean up the seams along the gun barrels. 3. If you have to use tube glue, use a toothpick or something to very carefully apply the glue to avoid the fingerprints and glue marks I see on the model . 4. That seam on the pipes to the muffler or water condenser or whatever it is shouldn't be there. I made the same mistake on my build (well, I thought I'd scraped it off, but I hadn't.) 5. Either that's glue marks or that's paint/wear effects. Focus on buliding a clean model first. Weathering is best done after you've mastered the basics (as you said you're just starting out). Weathering doesn't cover up mistakes. 6. Dry fit. Dry fit, and then dry fit again. Not shamelessly plugging or anything, but I built (well, 90%) of one quite recently. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/61mj3e/when_a_simple_fun_build_bites_back_stuart_light/ More practice and you'll get something like that or better at some point not too long from now. Most importantly, have fun.
Several points (sorry for being terse. It's been a long day at work): 1. Adding more layers (particularly on car models, where paint essentially has to be perfect) almost never, ever solves a undercoat problem. If your previous coat was bad (i.e. it wasn't a mist coat that wasn't designed to cover everything in a gloss candy finish all at once), adding more layers really just adds more things to go wrong. 2. Primer isn't supposed to be gloss, but what it *is* supposed to be is smooth. Like satin to the touch, ideally, or just dead flat. The point of it is to create an even substrate to apply the final coats to, so if it's pebbly your final coat had better be really thick, or it's going to show. Pebbly primer will show on thin/mist coats and probably even after a "wet" coat. 3. Well, I tried looking up the chemical composition or at least some idea of the chemistry of Zero paints. Given that they don't encourage using acrylic and other standard thinners, I was concerned that Zero paint is too chemically reactive/corrosive when applied to the Mr. Surfacer. Mr. Surfacer is very good stuff, but it's also (at least in the Mr. Surfacer 500 version) dissolvable with alcohol and lacquer thinner. What you're seeing might be a chemical reaction more than just a simple issue of airbrush technique. 3. You should strip it; compared to the cost of a new model and learning from it, the extra time is trivial. I would look up and see if Simple Green cleanser can strip Zero paints (I don't use them, so I really can't answer that), or you can go with good old fashioned spray oven cleaner, though that stuff is nasty. 5. Your issues might be unique to the paint. Do they recommend a particular primer (well, almost always they will, so they can sell you more stuff but it's not always just for that reason)? 6. Clean your airbrush and check to make sure there isn't residue on the nozzle and other parts. That can be affecting the spray patterns and or introducing yet another point of failure. 7. Zero paints have a very good rep, so there definitely is something weird going on.
No, or at least, not in any size you would call a model. You'd need balsa, ideally, or if you were like the kids in the WWII wartime era, using basswood or light spruce.
I remember (well, I'm not that old, but I guess I bought really old kits) the ones that didn't have "hopefully" cut parts, just prints on wood.
Try this. http://www.italianhorses.net/Tutorials/PerfectPaint/paint.htm
if that's tamiya gunmetal, it's not dark enough. Tamiya's gunmetal is a bit too silvery to really work well. If that's some other paint,you need to mix it more thoroughly.
Before the era of premade weathering powders, people used pastel chalks, and other chalk in order to get the same effect. That's originally what many of the purveyors of those products used to use too, until they also figured out that you can buy the pigments from a supplier (presumably, in some cases, ground to specific specifications and color tones), and then package and resell. Some others used clays, I believe Andy Wilder's products (since I don't buy his, and don't currently use them, don't quote me on this, but I think his are the ones that are made of certain clays, which some say have superior working properties. He builds very nice models and is a good spokesperson for the hobby from what I've seen of his videos.) They're a convenience good, and they also may not have the adhesives that traditional pastel chalks are held together with. They offer some benefits, like you don't have to worry about colors, they come in shades that might be more appropriate and don't require you to mix your own, and they're ready to go the instant you buy the bottle instead of having to grind up your own. This wasn't that long ago. Same with oil paints; often weathering is done with repurposed artist materials. I own maybe two bottles of weathering powder, and I've rarely found a use for them because over the years I've built up my own collection of cheap pastel chalk, watercolors, and the occasional oil paint. I use watercolors usually because they are even easier to remove than oil paint if you mess something up, and because it doesn't smell, isn't sticky, etc. I just seal it afterwards with a coat of flat. Don't get me wrong, those products have a place and they're useful, and they are often coupled with them trying to sell you their techniques on how to build things. But prior to say....2005 you didn't see as many products like these. Similarly, preshading is a relatively new phenomenon. Until recently, if you had done that, some of the more experienced and older generations of modelers would've roundly criticized you for painting unrealistic tones and variations on a model. Like all hobbies, this business has trends, and right now, that's heavy color variations, shaded panel lines, and premade goods. It's rather interesting that many queries about weathering isn't about *technique* these days, but "which product do I buy for X effect." Also a trend these days is prepacked paint sets, weathering sets, and a "set" of canned techniques on how to do specific things on models. It is very helpful when you're learning, but as you learn more, you learn to do your own stuff occasionally to solve specific problems. /endrant. Black and white chalk is going to be too harsh in most cases. For washes, I use watercolor (the tube variety) mixed with water, and a drop of thinner, alcohol, or dish soap to break surface tension. For oils, I use what everyone else uses. Odorless turpenoid or similar stuff because I hate the smell. For weathering "powder" I use very find sandpaper and knife blades to grind up some, put it in a small jar, and then use as needed. Because it still has remnants of binder in it, it's not as smooth as pigment out of a bottle, but it's still workable.
Nice work, by the way, aside from that long exposition up top.
Several points. 1. Buying models has nothing to do with buying "sets" of paints. What you *should* do is build up a stock of useful colors. If you build a lot of Luftwaffe aircraft, for example, buy the most common RLM colors you're using (RLM light blue, gray, dark green, whatever). Look up conversion charts so you can continue to use the same paints you were already using. Third, Hobby Boss and companies that don't sell their own lines of paint generally provide multiple conversions (Hobby Boss and Trumpeter often do so). Hobby boss I've usually seen includes conversions. Trumpeter, hit or miss. 2. Look up a conversion chart. Seriously, they are not hard to find. http://downloads.hobbico.com/misc/rmx/TES_Revell_Paint_Match_Guide.pdf. There are multiple sites and places that provide or discuss conversions. You have some legwork to do, but buying a kit just because it already has a conversion chart in it is...I'm not going to answer the rest of that. 3. No, you will not need to buy new sets of paints, unless you're building wildly different subjects (see the luftwaffe discussion above). If you build mostly german modern tanks for example, buying a Hobby Boss 1/35 Leopard 2 isn't suddenly going to make your NATO Green, Black ,and Brown obsolete. 3. Read reviews as usual. Trumpeter kits are not created equally because they have a positively huge back catalog, and when they first started making kits and went mainstream, they were copying other companies' kits. 4. If the company sells their own line of paint and is affiliated or in a corporate umbrella with a paint manufacturer, they will usually ONLY specify their paint. Airfix, Revell, Italeri, Meng (in coopration with AK or Mig, I forget which) will flog their own brands of paint, but if you think most modellers always buy new batches of paint for models...no, not unless you're tremendously wasteful and can't do some basic research. By the way, even Humbrol (of Airfix) offers a conversion chart because as much as they want to flog their line of paint, they realize that they don't supply the entire world and it's not as easy to get x or y paint here or there. https://www.humbrol.com/uk-en/converthumbrol 5. One minor point is that NATO Green as interpreted by AK, Vallejo, Tamiya, Testors, and Humbrol WILL NOT necessarily be 100% the same. Most people don't care about that. Some people debate about "whose NATO green is most accurate?", but for the average out of the box builder, this is being needlessly pedantic. Do some research, save some money.
If so, strip and redo. If your underlayer doesn't work properly, your upper layer is going magnify the problem . Acrylics dry to the touch fairly quickly, but they also need time to fully cure. Looked at the photo: honestly, i'd redo this. That orange peel like texture pretty much can only be sanded out.
The best answer is from now on, look at reference photos of combat damage. In my *opinion*, without further research, it's a little too neatly patterned. Presumably, what you're going for here is that the two guns (or three guns, or whatever) on one wing got strafed from up top by a fighter. I get it. But it looks excessive. Something like this doesn't look like it would survive long enough to get back to the ship, and it mysteriously misses the windows. Most photos I've usually seen show flak damage, which usually is spread out over a wider area than tightly dispersed like this. A pattern this tight suggests a very short distance from the firing point, which makes it all the less likely a plane like this would've survived the attack unless someone happened to run out of ammunition. Here's an example of widely (but fairly closely packed) damage: https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-F--JKHJr_Xk/VxQ4CZMrG6I/AAAAAAABxJ4/7wN4n45ui18yEs_7U8xmDOiRpp_K6dAGgCLcB/s1600/Barely_survived_worldwartwo.filminspector.com_10.jpg Also, the size of those holes are possibly a bit large for a machine gun, but if it were from an autocannon (Japanese fighters often carried these), autocannons inflict severe damage that would be more significant than what you would see here. It's simultaneously too small, and yet, too large. Also, I would check and see if the SBDs were skinned with what materials. Cloth and metals do not react to bullet damage the same way. Again my opinion. One reason battle damage is hard to model is because it's hard to find that balance between "what looks right" and "that's excessive." I think the most "weird" thing about it is high tight the dispersal pattern is. Air to air guns in WWII were't particularly long ranged, and a number of them also are set to converge at a certain distance in front of the plane. See e.g.: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_harmonisation
Disassemble parts 1, 2, 3, and 4. http://www.iwata-medea.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Eclipse-IM_REV8.pdf Soak part 4 in thinner or solvent. And clean the rest too. Avoid soaking o-rings and make sure part 5 is seated properly. If you use future, make sure also to soak part 4 in something that will get rid of that. Check front end of 1 to make sure no dried paint. A bent needle will be obvious upon visual inspection. The tip will be bent, mutiliated, or slightly off center but obviously so. Take a solvent soaked q-tip to the needle and run it along the length of the needle to make sure there's no invisible layer of dried paint.
They should not be mixed. MM uses their proprietary brand of thinners or clean water. Tamiya uses alcohol. Alcohol doesn't react that well with MM. Using them on the same model? Yes. I do it all the time. Tamiya acrylic paints are not "standard" acrylic paints. Mixing their respective thinners? No.
Both. Use your judgment. Part nearly impossible to reach or paint with any precision if you put it all together? Paint, then assemble. Scrap the paint off areas to be glued. Part that is easily reached, not hard to paint, and can be painted after assembly with minimal fuss? Assemble, then paint.
I usually go with light gray, unless I know the top layer is a light color. White is difficult to paint, so I use gray unless the final layer is a very light color (yellow, light blue, white, pink).
Where are you going, out of curiosity?
Whole. It's too much bother to try to apply it just to the area that you're putting it on, and you're risking uneven/different coating results if you don't coat the whole thing.
Several of those are a type of acrylic-based paste, so they actually work rather well. And others...well, they seem like wall filler.
Dump the entire thing in alcohol or use an alcohol soaked cloth. That will strip it entirely. Don't waste thinners on this. https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/
As promised. First, very nice build, and from a not so easy kit given how much additional work you've done. I echo a fair amount of the comments above, but for specific reference. 1. Washes. Right now, the paint is well done and shiny, but strategically placed washes along door panel lines, bonnet lines, even in the tied up rope section of the exhaust pipe will be nice. 2. Use some washes along the engine components as well, including that brass color you worked so hard for. Consider where the shadows/lines would fall and that will make the details pop out a lot more. 3. Exhaust pipe staining: a quick google shows that the pipe isn't a single shade of black, but multiple shades of black, dark gray, gray, and that will make the monotone pipe seem more three dimensional. 4. I would look up reference photos of the glass. One suggestion is that if the glass edge (along the windscreen) is actually not "clear" but a different color, one way to impart that same effect is to mask off the pane, but leave the edge exposed, then airbrush it with a heavily thinned clear blue/green (or whatever color is appropriate). Look at my SAS jeep for an example of that. In your case, it'll be more visible (i'd use very, very little blue with clear) as a form of edge highlighting. 5. Chain and sprocket are oddly shiny, and arguably, a bit too perfect. 6. Might be worthwhile to mask off the tires and spray a mixture of NATO black/dark gray in patches to create worn/road used tires, at least on the working tread. 7. Again with panel lining (use watercolors, perhaps, to see if you like it before committing), e.g. on the brass colored manifold or whatever that is. 8. Even if you don't wear down the tires, you might use a dark gray wash for the inside of the tread to indicate use.
You would be better off with plastic assembly tracks. They're also much cheaper. https://www.scalemates.com/kits/149013-academy-1357-panzerkampfwagen-iv-individual-tread-blocks
Wire, masking tape, foil.
70-30 through 50-50. Really depends. Use a test piece. The green is paint residue.
You need decal solvent, and even then, this is probably unfixable. What you have here is what /u/Fortunate_0nesy is describing. Several points. 1. Academy Decals that aren't specifically stated as being printed in Italy or Cartograf are notoriously thick and difficult to work with. 2. What you have is "silvering" of the decals, not as a result of application of the dull coat. That's the result of surface imperfections on the painted surface or the surface the decal is applied to that results in what essentially is imperfect adhesion of the decal to the surface. 3. For decals to look painted on, surface preparation is everything. What you need to apply is a gloss coat prior to application of decals. Some people skip it, occasionally, but that's basically a gambling that your finish is smooth enough not to cause the microbubble problem. Your model is brush painted. 4. The main way to avoid this outline problem is to avoid having it in the first place. It's very difficult to fix. One method is to try to soak it with decal setting solvents, or carefully poking holes in the decal with the point of a knife blade (hard to do without denting the paintwork) and then flooding the area with solvent.
Actually, painting camo is pretty standard practice for most aircraft modelers, particular ones who don't model USAF/RAF aircraft, since they are the ones that almost always tend to be some variation of gray, gray, and oh yeah, gray. It certainly does not require oil paints to accomplish (if anything, that's the first I've heard of anyone trying to create gradients using oil paints (with their accompanying slow drying time to paint a camo scheme). What it *does* take is either good work with a brush using three different colors, or masking work using rolls of putty or an intricately cut mask for the various areas. Typically, this is done in layers. Lightest color on the whole airplane first, through the darkest color last. As for the OP, if you're planning to brush paint this, I would not suggest Tamiya paints. They're much more suited for use with an airbrush.
Aftermarket isn't going to fix your problem. The problem is that your surface prep isn't smooth enough to allow for good decal adhesion. If you want to go aftermarket, you're going to have to strip all the decals and paint and redo it. The problem was the surface you applied it to, not the decal itself. As bad as Academy decals are, they *do* work. You need a good gloss coat, an even coat of paint underneath that, and for good measure, decal setting solution like Microsol, Mr. Mark Softer, or Solvaset (I'd avoid this one, it's too strong for most applications.)
Assuming you buy a good spray primer like Tamiya, model master acrylic. Model master acrylic cannot be used without a primer. And no, not their own brand primer either. It has to be something else. Usually Tamiya is what I recommend. Otherwise, Vallejo is well regarded. I don't personally like it much, but it works. Others should chime in. Tamiya is uniquely difficult to brush paint because the thinners used can dissolve the prior layer of paint much more strongly than other paint brands.
Nice work. I rather want one of those (the F-5 is one of my favorite designs, just because of what a brilliant piece of engineering/design it is). Did you like the AFV kit?
1. The box will have included paint references. So what exactly are you asking? 2. You have a lot of research and prep to do. This isn't your own personal model. Someone is entrusting their model to your care so that they can have it built, presumably at a higher level of skill than they can manage. I'm less inclined to think that what he meant by "paint it whatever color you want" is really that, but instead just a polite way of saying "I expect a good quality model that is reasonably accurate, but since I don't exactly what that means, I will leave the finer details to you." 3. I would make sure he's seen what your work looks like and whether he's okay with the craftsmanship of that project compared to the one you're taking on for him. 4. Don't expect to make a lot of money doing this. The amount of time relative to what people are willing to pay is minuscule, e.g. it's below minimum wage.
Since you asked. You are not ready for a 1/350 ship, especially not one with photoetched parts nor one as complex as North Carolina. You still need to work on the fundamentals. 1. Your model's top half is clearly split in a major seam that is very noticeable. 2. Clear parts are not masked. None of them, in fact. 3. If you rushed a comparatively simple build like this one, a 1/350 ship is going to be even more trying and tedious. It requires a lot of repetitive, small, and part sensitive subassemblies, and vastly more detail painting than what you have here. 4. Paint. You say you're using an airbrush; you still need more practice. I can see visible texturing all along fuselage of paint particles. 5. Masking: Cowlings are not masked, leading to non-straight separation lines. 6. Seam cleanup. The bombs have a clear, running seam all along them 7. Inconsistent brush painting work on the interior color. 8. The instrument panel looks good, but it's a prepainted item. 9. Visible glue residue attaching accessories to the cockpit walls (e.g. the medical pack, and so on.) 10. Flat coat is also something that could've been applied after the final coats were laid in. 11. The decal work actually looks pretty good, no silvering from what I can see or visible film. 12. Propeller tip masking looks pretty good. 13. You said that you rushed. Don't. We can tell.
Camel. And that shark, and a bigger boat.
https://www.academy.co.kr/eng/5d/5d_main.asp
Model factory hiro. (in 1/12, 1/9, and larger scales. Some of their kits are "simple." Others are very, very complex.) Their race cars are horrendously expensive, not designed for beginners, and come with a plethora of multimedia parts. Only experienced builders need apply. Also, wooden ship kits. If you can still find them, Pocher model car kits of vintage cars, and some late 80s/early 90s supercars. Good hunting. You're not being silly, but unless you have a lot of prior experience, I suspect you're going to find that it's not nearly as simple as "oh so there's just some bits I need to stick together and paint then?" If you haven't built before, I would suggest you try out some of these "lesser" kits, get a picture perfect, textbook perfect model, and then go from there. Most people's first builds are less than impressive. I'll confess more than a *slight* level of skepticism towards your request, though the above suggestions would fit the bill. There's plenty of new builders on these threads. Every once in a while, a brand new builder turns out something amazing on their first build. The chances that's going to be you? Not particularly high. The chances that someone will, statistically speaking? Nearly 100% certain. See e.g.: http://www.modelfactoryhiro.com/new/archives/19044 Otherwise, you may find you're being somewhat optimistic. Few even moderately complex builds take a few days. A museum quality wooden ship model, including all the complex rigging, is known to take years. Also: https://www.airfix.com/uk-en/forum/a19002-typhoon-builds-124/?p=1
Simple. Don't use black and white. What you can do is use the final color you want, spray it in patterns all over the black undercoat. https://doogsmodels.com/2014/07/03/technique-black-basing/
Your'e going to want a work mat or something else. That paper won't cut it. For the rest, see the detailed discussion below. The brushes won't serve you well, you need at least one or two smaller brushes for detail work. An art store will provide good quality brushes at a reasonable price. That glue should ideally be replaced with something closer to this: https://www.amazon.com/Tamiya-87038-Extra-Thin-Cement/dp/B000BMYWYC That blue tube stuff isn't going to work so well. As I recall, that's the non-toxic version, which smells like lemons, and is darn near useless.
These are four wright cyclones for Revell's B-17G. Not much done to them, just a gloss black undercoat, two shades of alclad, and then black/sludge colored washes, and the gray crankcases. Not sure if it's worth the bother to detail any further; some last things to do might be to paint some parts gloss black, put on the decal placards. The engines will be hidden behind props, cowlings, and the prop hub, so I'm not sure it's worth much more bother to detail (and they aren't that well detailed anyway, though they're good for the time period). Thoughts and suggestions are welcome.
I flatten them, but the idea is eventually (when I have time) to spraymount them onto foamcore panels or something and display them here and there, at least with respect to the box art. The rest goes into spares; the decals are kept, as are the instructions, and then the sprues are cut up to make paint stirring sticks and putty applicators. Airfix points get saved for the day where I decide (which is likely never) that the Airfix "club" points are worth the ludicrous admission fees if you're not in the UK.
You are out of line. Part of putting something on a public forum is that you may be subject to comments. If you don't want comments, don't post something publicly. Further, devolving into personal attacks is frowned upon here. And before you say you didn't: " I am just curious as to why you give piss poor criticisms and produce mediocre quality stuff yourself. If you were so astute." You build for yourself. **Great. You also were the one who was critical of other's work (corrected: busy telling us what your opinion was and repeatedly reemphasizing it when it was not asked for) for taking the time to put in additional work in cockpits that wouldn't be seen because it is in your opinion a waste of time. You didn't seem too keen on keeping your comments to yourself then, did you?** I may not always agree with /u/starwars_and_guns, but he is a good model maker. He didn't personally attack you (though that last thread posted above wasn't exactly diplomatic). He offered a suggestion, more bluntly than I would have put it. You were free to take it or ignore it. Taking that as an opportunity to call his work mediocre (regardless of whether that's true) is again, out of line. I read the statement above. "You should" can be charitably read to mean as a not particularly polite suggestion or a comment. Or an opinion. Your *response* was to then make a sarcastic remark about the seeking the respondent's acceptance, inviting his less than diplomatic reply, followed by your reply, which also consisted of a personal attack. Neither of you are exactly winning the moral high ground here.
Much appreciated for the comments. In this case, the engines aren't really detailed enough to be worth the extra trouble, I think. (I also don't have any wire) I think on a future build, I might actually do resin and the like, but in this instance, I just want to get something done. The comments regarding how it looks is definitely helpful, though. thank you.
Watercolors also work; you need to add a drop of alcohol or thinner to break surface tension. They're easily removed, making them idea if you're just experimenting. Working properties are not quite as good as oils.
Future floor polish.
Basically, there's no market. Look at what people drive these days. Ultra fast machines that can be bought for comparatively little money (and not even kits, most of the market seems to be RTRs unless you're a more serious racer or was around when kits were the norm). I recall someone tried to bring out fuel cell power too but haven't heard about it in years. Even buyers of older rccars...often the first thing they ask is if they can retrofit with brush less. Often, sure, but you're going to rip up the gearbox. The solar eagle is the only example I have seen of a commercial product, and it's really more as someone said a proof of concept. It's true panels are more efficient these days, but even so. The solar eagle is so cool, I want one too. But as a rc car, it's slow, probably handles like a pig, and is only really for the die hard collector or enthusiast. I'd totally buy one though. It's interesting in that the real life limitations of solar racers (i.e. they're usually ultra light, in no way road legal/consumer grade tough, stripped down cars) translate pretty closely to what the Solar Eagle or other race cars are...precisely because even with improved relative efficiency of solar panels since the 90s, in order to have reasonable performance you still need to prioritize low current consumption and are operating with much tighter constraints with respect to available electrical power. Also, a good audience for these, e.g. the mechanical engineering students compete in actual solar races. I did see a few years ago there was a competition involving rubber band powered RC. Worth looking up just because it's a novel idea. The solar eagle is little more than a lexan shell, a low voltage motor, some capacitors and a radio system. It might well the worth the effort to design your own. The manuals can get found online if you want to figure out a more refined version (and more efficient) of 1990s era electronics.
I always use a fresh blade to mask canopies. The blade has to be razor sharp to create a good cut and prevent bleeding. Burnishing the tape with a toothpick or similar tool is also helpful to prevent bleeding.
It just occurred to me that you might have a favorite tank...Shermans, perhaps? Kidding. Nice work, and it's quite a display.
You might look into the Rye Field Models Abrams. The one that comes with the power pack.
Nice work. That looks....time consuming.
