How would you like your coffee? Do you want any male tears in there or just black?
&gt; Why I do say sir, that is preposterous! &gt; When I dubtly[?subtly] play on Xbox live ~~and~~ speaking the queen's, ~~son~~ I usually chant "your mother revealed thine ~~her~~ shins to ~~myself~~ mineself last night!" yes? I think this is what you meant.
Are you trying to say that feminists are more likely to be fat, or are you saying fat people are more likely to be feminists? This graph indicates the former, though typically probability sits on the y-axis.
ah well, either way good effort op.
Yeah oh man. That was a long worthwhile read. Holy shit that woman is crazy. For a moment I almost thought she was a troll. But I don't know...
Its still almost 6k calories (~3 days) for one pizza. Kind of crazy...
please don't kill the honey bees. They are gentle creatures, unless you are in their nest.
Do you have any evidence?
see my post above, but yeah probably...
it's all ok, that is what the internet is about.
the way liverpool plays a bunch of porks might do better.
we must grow this sub, like a pheonix from the ashes of pao's cunt
then we shall post in the shade!
little of column a, little of column b
Ah yes, IIRC CERN in the 90s, some of the worlds also some of the worlds largest trolls. /s I agree with you and the above isn't quite sarcasm. Honestly some academics are huge trolls. Source: Am a academic
We should have public baths in America.
this was relevant when posted. so sorry you got downvoted.
Unfortunately yeah, he seems legit. This entire article is rage inducing though. I kind of want to take this guy out into the dessert and beat him over the head for a while until he regains his common sense.
&gt; but I do know my fruitloops are going mushy. Can you explain? Is your Toucan missing as well?
This is the last straw!
&gt; You must focus on my intentions, which cancel out the impact of my behavior So if I'm not intending to be racist?
No shitlord, women cannot harass
I thought the original post was cute.
Yeah but don't do a good job or they will trade you for picks
No, for Eichel
yeah... not a mistake you want to make
Rheinhart?!? Well... Ok I guess...
Do we actually need more Forward talent? I guess that might be a sign someone is getting traded soon...
Maybe that is why they broke up, so one of them could play for Montreal.
I'm sorry... I shouldn't be so mean. I know how hard it is living in NJ :P
&gt; That would actually be the most sensible solution for the Greeks. So they probably won't do it then?
I hope they don't pay Poulin too much, like at all....
Oh ok nevermind then. I for some reason thought Cronin did both.
[Need to Go Downtown for the New Years Win](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGhoLcsr8GA)
With strait in we are damned if we do damned if we don't. He should be limited to like 15 minutes per night if possible... but cappy plays him over 20 usually...
and without Halak. Greiss is good, but he does not control the puck well and leaves a lot of rebounds.
Dayummmm that was painful. Better luck tomorrow.
You are right, reddit would be way more sympathetic.
Pelech in, Greiss in net. Clutterbuck is a game time [decision](https://twitter.com/NYIslanders/status/683737915369848833)
It takes Pi times longer to complete a task than you expect.
&gt; unless Garth pulls a rabbit out of his ass He has been doing a fair amount of that lately. I would not be surprised if he did it again.
Wilson isn't even worthy of honky's tread marks on his ass.
These guys need to get what's coming to them. We need to get the MC^2 line out there after this pp.
it's ok I'm too tired to deal with that thread either, just come have a nice enjoyment of the game with us.
if you mention it to them they will say 2 things. 1. What? Are you still mad about that? and... 2. It was a legal hit.
[There we go](https://i.imgur.com/hHYJKeI.jpg)
[That's how you score a goal](https://i.imgur.com/JfdyM0T.jpg)
depends on what happens and what is said in that locker room but I agree, a comeback is not out the question.
They have been pretty awful tonight in general.
yeah ok, I'll join the fuck tim peels bandwagen... he got at least 3 wrong tonight.
&gt; Volunteer at brewery? Sounds fun. Sure is! Just an inconvenient time this week.
It's worse than that, once strait finds the puck he passes it to the other team. We might as well have hickey out there alone.
I hope we are so lucky
Nah I got it, just wanted to make sure the PHI fan knew it was humorous.
Unless you are sitting behind Cappy your ideas probably won't help...
That Pelfield D pair is something else.
I know that was hit hard, but greiss should save that one.
Boychuk and Hamonick come back fast and we squeak in because Brian Strait never plays a game again?
Well I have a theory. See Cappy is confused and thinks strait is a good or decent defender. S Cappy uses him as the metric for if other defenders are good. So he plays Strait with someone else like Pelech to size them up BUT they can't be everywhere so they don't look good because they are busy covering straits ass. But then strait looks better than he is because he's never in on the play when the other team scores so Cappy thinks strait is good and hence we will never be rid of strait.
If I win the powerball (1.4 billion) I'm buying this team and firing cappy day 1.
Kulemin doesn't take many penalties... I can forgive this.
OMG Did Brian strait just almost score?
Third strait penalty....
Lunquivist has no stick.. Strait falls down... yup that's how this game will go.
JAR-O!
considering the whistle was blown when Halak touched the puck it's a good call. definitely late after the whistle but it's not martin who's still skating.
Strait does many things, most aren't good.
Yeah but if Tavares pushes him it won't end well.
2nd most wins and games coached. But he is MILES behind Al.
He needs to pick between a beard and a goatie.
Ok but you have to take Strait as well.
[ I love this](https://i.imgur.com/hHYJKeI.jpg)
yeah but then it would be out of market and not on centerice/ whatever I have.
[yeah there are a lot of assistant coaches though](http://www.usahockey.com/news_article/show/599451?referrer_id=1327756) So it's not entirely like those two are solely responsible for calling the shots. Let's just hope Cappy is not in charge of the PP
Bullshit, I've seen Strait fall for no reason. If you go at him 20-30 times he's going to turn and trip at least once.
Watch him not score a goal... Seriously he needs to wake up, maybe this will do it.
I'm in Atlanta... I don't think I can make it to that one because valentines day and all...
Some say he's still in bed because he stayed up till 4 am again.
Ryan N-H would be great but we really need a D man.
WHAT'S THE TELEGRAPH SAY ABOUT THE RAPE THREATS!? #**THEY'RE OVER 9000!!!**
i'll be clapping for the rest of the thread
Is fishing code for sex? Seriously that's a lot of kinky thoughts even for me.
I might do this as well. Plus then I can couch co op all those sweet sweet coop games that I don't know about
I'm always surprised when a new Ethiopian food place opens up.
It's been pretty good. Kessel and the Penguins have shown they are legit the best around. Unfortunately the Sharks haven't lived up to the hype, I really expected game 5 to be played with 2 wins a piece. It has a real david and goliathe feel
That projected first line gave me chills.
Something everyone can agreebon
Sure, you just can't let it happen near the net.
Basically yeah. Lucic probably isn't ideal and neither is Lee but I think that those two playing with JT every night could make that line productive. All this being said, the numbers that Lucic wants I think make him a fantasy for us. Too expensive honestly.
Currently we have 70k subscribers. Perhaps if we each chip in 20 bucks 1.5 mil might pry jezebel from them
&gt;MFW I answer my own post from a different account.
'he says, you didn't think an islander could take that good a save in goal, would ya?' -- 19s left in the period then 'Cizikas was near by'. so just some cheap shots at us for no reason I guess?
Just like Martin Jones.
This offseason is going to be crazy with the expansion draft.
given this is a year away, I would not be sureprised if we didn't protect Boychuck if he has another bad season.
Makes way more sense than a world class hacker releasing information on a wordpress...
Can I just reuse the my hockey playoff beard for this? It's pretty nice actually
Installing tonight and seeing how my steam controller works with it.
I run all amd and it works fine. Just use the FOSS driver and you should have no problems
yeah, nowhere did OP say my post had to be true. but still for the money he makes I see him as only underrated by fan. Management didd a goodish job assessing him. 30-40 pts per year at 3-4 million is a not bad. If you consider this year a slump, which it seems to have been for the team, his CF% rel hasn't been too bad over this contract... 2.7 .2 -1.7 ok yeah he needs a solid 2+ next year but otherwise i think his number are fine. If he gets 50 pts and a cori rel of like 3 I think everyone will owe him a huge 'sorry mate'.
Came here to post this as well. Somewhat sad that this is how it ends but whatever. He's asking too much money. The question is will they find that kind of money in the market with Lucic and Stamkos
well, at the price he wants KO is out. We will probably get a decent FA, not stamkos but somebody similar to KO. My guess is Nielson wants to see what his market value is. If the isles match he will be back (again &lt;6 mil sign him &lt;5 mil sign him for more years than best offer). A lot of guys had slumps (Strome, Nelson, Lee, the entire D at time). I expect scoring will bounce back regardless of who we sign. BUT to improve (truly improve) we do need a top line winger. Honestly, best bet is to trade for one. Datsyuk is leaving Det. He's old has a big cap hit but maybe if we traded an expensive piece for him and a mid tier prospect it could work. Though I'm not totally sure why he is looking to leave Det with 1 year left. 50 pt guy though who could be good on JTs wing.
he wants 7 mil 7 years. If he won't take a reduced price for JT he won't take it for a team that is still in the basement.
sorcond
&gt; THE RANGERS BLOW THE TEAM UP TO TRY AND START A REBUILD I mean... that's going to happen so not that bold.
Frnas is probably going to get an offer as a UFA from us regardless. He just wants to see what other teams off and I think htere is a chance we match anyway
Nielson Tavares Stamkos line confirmed.
What about windows 10?
Stamkos spent the past two seasons scoring 60+ pts, and only spent 2 years since '09 failing to do so. Put down your crack pipe, I like lee too, but Stamkos belongs on the first line.
Taskbars are overrated, go take a look at /r/unixporn for some non task bar oriented inspiration.
You're fault for using materials on your craft that are highly volatile in the presence of H2O
Halak.
It would be great, that 4.5 million would free up money for Fransie
I swear, when you see josh bailey pass the puck from in front of the net, it's a thing of beauty...
GO BU!
I feel like I should make some derivitive of Debian or something where all these awful alias ideas are built in by default... Ayyy-lmao-OS will be a huge hit
I like your answer about the ~~all shitting monkeys~~ schedule makers, but I think OP might have meant what happens with like how many times each team plays each other.
I think they are both great goaltenders, I just also think that the market isn't huge for goaltenders right now.. there are 3 or 4 teams that could use a goaltender but only one or two that really need a goalie. I think the lack of demand is what really will drive both prices down.
I agree with your first paragraph, BUT your second is a bit off. I'm pretty sure the SPC is standard for all drafted players and applies until their ELC kicks in (ie they actually play for the team that signed them). Where the issue gets fuzzy for me is in the wording now of the rules. According to [NHL.com](https://www.nhl.com/news/nhl-expansion-draft-rules/c-281010592) &gt;All first- and second-year professionals, as well as all unsigned draft choices, will be exempt from selection (and will not be counted toward their club's applicable protection limits). The term professionals is not defined in the CBA, so does someone playing on loan under an SPC (Pulock in 2014-2015) before the ELC kicks in count as a 'Professional'. It is not defined in the CBA. Now the terms 'Professional Game', 'Professional Season', and 'Professional Experience' are all well defined in the CBA. So really it hinges on whether or not he was a Pro in the year where he played 30 AHL games on loan. Based on what I've read, no he is not and if he was then at the end of his ELC he would be an UFA (based on the definition given for professional experience). So I guess the point I am trying to make is, although by the CBA it would seem like Pulock should be exempt, if the wording on NHL is correct he could still be not exempt. This would however require the league to basically define a professional as anyone who played in the NHL/AHL regardless of contract. Finally, sorry for the long reply thanks for the thorough reply I think this conversation will help us to gauge expectations going forward with this expansion. I think you are correct and he will be fine, despite what AS says but I do see an argument for him not being protected.
I agree, but I think I can interpret. A does not apply. B applies because Pulock turned 19 in October and all it says is that for that first season the junior team has first rights to him still but can loan him to the organization upon request. No idea how loans work (in sports). Then C seems most relevant... &gt;(c) During the seasons set forth in (a) and (b) above, the age 18 and age 19 Player, respectively, may be Loaned to the minor league team affiliate of his Club when his Junior team is no longer in competition and provided he has been listed on the Club's minor league eligibility list. This really just stamps out the term for how long these players rights are held by the major junior league. I am guessing this means for any season that they are 'on loan' they aren't professionals....
Very good piece. As an Islanders fans I have mixed feelings. His down falls can really be terrible some times (he puts the puck into the crease a lot...) but when he is on, which he is about 80-90% of the imte, he is ab absolute brick wall.
Can you cross post this to /r/newyorkislanders they would enjoy reading this
I kind of imagine the mix of people at the games being tourists and locals. If this is the case it could be that the tourists (think families who have kids, hockey fans on vacation, and old people) buy lots of merch and souvenirs keeping revenue up. I know once the schedule is released I will be planning a Vegas trip around the Islanders game there. Sucks for the home team but whatever.
&gt;"never forget" on they did wrong &gt;Hiroshima/Nagasak &gt;never forget Vietnam wow, of the three things you listed one was only wrong in hindsight, one was misguided but forced based on the political climate of the time (though individual acts varied) and yeah Iraq was wrong but post 9/11 the US is not the US anymore.
you got me there...
&gt; Dallas Eakins what league is he coaching in now?
26, it's only 5 pm and draft starts at 7.
For gaming Debian and Ubuntu are your best options. Debian is a smaller distribution, it is older and more established than Ubuntu and in general works really well and has a great support base. The Steam OS is Debian based (I think...) so steam installs beautifully and linux games look great with the FOSS drivers
In Russia you can buy Oscar for 50 ruple
I hope they have enough scooters for the hambeasts
I imagine the actual presser will be in English, hopefully they don't dub it
Yeah... damn I am not going to know what's going on am I
Something is happening for sure, it doesn't take this long to tell someone to go fuck themselves...
it's the dude though, not the nice old lady with baldness issues
Pan Traded, PK Stays #PanWatch2016
The English stream is like 1 minute behind and still in French
Twitter #Isles, they will lead you wrong every time but you will be excited
&gt; haha yeah we've fucked the economy In what way does leaving the EU fuck the economy? Nobody in the private sector is losing a job, London is still the Major banking hub of the world, and if anything British manufacturing should benefit.
A one day or week selloff globally does not mean anybody's economy is wrecked. The market does not equal the economy.
if it was 52-48 the other way would you still say that?
Can we get a draft day Game Day Thread?!
Bankers will go where the tax policy is favorable.
I don't think NFL will ever go to vegas because of gambling. The owners just like to use it as leverage for better stadium deals
Agreed, none of us will like losing players in the expansion but hopefully the NHL doesn't bust in Vegas like so many others have.
My guess is if anything happens before the draft we will hear about it in the afternoon. Snow is most likely on the phone with player agents this morning then meeting scouts/cappy after lunch before headed to talk to gms at the stadium. Probably around 3-5 we will hear the first rumors of any draft day trade. So grab a pint and relax until then
Australagarian Empire
[Something Something Unfounded Rumors](https://imgflip.com/i/16dkfo)
they aren't that frequent and my guess is all vegas players will be read the riot act preemptively
&gt; Like..did they really just vote themselves the North Korea of Europe? that is not fair. North Korea is isolated completely, they are economically insignificant, their people are starving and they have no democracy. You are being alarmist sir. Please calm your rhetoric and be rational.
For all we know you won't be alive to see what happens. Frankly you could end up dying of your own stupidity but that probably won't happen. Instead you will probably live a long happy and more prosperous life than the previous generation and you country will continue to grow compared to most including large portions of the EU block. You will never stop to think and thank them for voting this way, and it is a shame. Even if you life turns out perfect at this point you are so blinded to the other side of the argument you will never thank them or acknowledge they may be right.
From what I've seen the Remain campaign is made up of a bunch of sore losers who react in a completely alarmist way.
it wasn't just the pound, the Euro lost a few cents to the US dollar. So pick an argument and argue I guess, reservation and patience be damned.
not to be a heckler but if you have a source I'd like to take a look. I definitely saw one that had that age group favoring staying by like &lt;5%
I assume the lack of race riots is because you kicked all the black people out?
I thought rule number one was we don't talk about Leafs Club
[So much going on at our Table right now](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ClvpIQmWMAESsAF.jpg:large)
[link to original tweet](https://twitter.com/Schwartzee524/status/746446501119934464)
that is exactly how I feel. I don't think Garth will pursue him though, not after the offers we made him 2 years ago.
It is not normal to date multiple people at the same time. There are people who do it but they are the minority. It is normally among young people to casually be sleeping with multiple people at the same time, but this doesn't count as dating my book.
[RUMORS FROM THE MAN](https://twitter.com/StapeNewsday/status/746456815488073730) Snow and Ducks GM had a long talk. Probably about their golf swings, possibly about a trade...
Rags are moving Girardi and Staal, seen talking to Snow. #PleasenoSnow
Yup, regardless of if we get Stam or not moving him is purely good business. We have 3 players making 4 million+ who don't deserve it and one needs to go. We have 3 other goalies who can step in (Greiss Gibson and Berube). Grabbo will be worth it if he stays healthy... Kulemin his pk is good... well... Regardless one of the three should go and I have to think we lose the least with Halak
what hashtag?
They could be talking about literally any trade...
#4 projected pick, the Dman EDM probably would have taken is still on the board.... I would be working to trade up and trade that pick to EDM
I've got it, I share it here as I read it...
Of course there is a commercial break
Snow probably won't go for it. He didn't even want to get Moulson back after it became clear he was leaving Buffalo... Plus Vanek sort of left despite us offering everything he wanted, my guess is management and maybe some players don't want him. He didn't want to be here when we were losing to play with JT, why should we let him be here now that we are good-ish? He would need to be dirt cheap, think 2 million or less.
A russian in the 4th round is anything but a sure thing. We will ahve to see how he works out. My guess is he won't be coming over this year
&gt; Let's just build a wall on the right side of the rink You mean Boychuk Hamonic and Pulock?
I don't think DiPietro was a terrible pick, just had a terrible series events...
Yeah, I don't know how much I trust Murphy. My guess is Garth is trying to land Stamkos but he needs to make some moves to make it happen. He needs to make some cap space or not sign Nielsen... Maybe both to be honest. Stamkos won't be cheap (think 12 mil)
Sign him for 3.5-4 mil and I'm sure he will go there
Don't use a direct quote in a headline if the author didn't say exactly that. Staple didn't say brooksie is full of shit, he never even mentions who wrote the report today. All Staples says i that 5.5 wasn't the number that he heard and that both sides were closer than the other report indicated.
damn I missed some hate mail :/
I just threw up in my mouth...
John Tavares swap for the plot to the room
I was half asleep and a bit drunk so yeah... Not proud of that one
psssht, men can't be raped.
&gt; the NCAA, and Olympic hockey not pro leagues
Wait, What. None of this is real!!! AM I FUCKEN DREAMING?!
Nielsen is staying on LI
8 years 8.5 AAV?! for Stamkos in TB 1. How do we not beats that play with JT, 10 million, 8 years. 2. At least everyone else's price might go down. Who is paying Okposo 6+x6 after that. might highlight just how unreasonable he is being/
Word on the street is Ladd wants 6 mil 6 years, so basically okposo money
according to supply and demand, yes. However if Ferrrari is selling cars for 10 million are you going to buy a honda for 7?
We could definitely extend an offer sheet
neither is an upgrade...
[It's fine, everything will work out](http://www-static.weddingbee.com/pics/342067/this-is-fine-meme.jpg)
yeah... He might be able to fill in but I think we need to solve the topline with young talent at this point...
Get ready for 7 years of 6.5 million dollars paid to a guy who won't play defense and has one move in the offensive zone...
yeah... It's been a while since I bothered to look at that contract, I remember it being a flat 5 but apparently goes to 6 for the 2017-18 season. Still the cap hit is 5... so i dunno something might be workable
Send them Halak and picks maybe :D 1st round and Halak with a conditional 3rd. Halak would be an upgrade for them...
Was expecting Kevin Poulin losing his stick...
In this thread: Minnesota and Buffalo fans lament the possibility of signing Okposo to a huuuuuge contract.
How much should the legislature regulate regulate ministry
Thanks for posting this
In on beer 10 I think, why we do bad?
😂😅😥😢😭😭😭
On a 5v3 PP
I will sign the petition but I think this is silly. Speaker is simply a manager of the legislate. It's not a directly ejected position so I really don't think dual mandate would be upheldb y any sensible court. E: this amendment is needed, how this was overlooked I don't know but it should be fixed regardless.
I wonder if Tavares knows his season is shot. Was it All him or the wings? Imo the wings situation isn't new, he was off his game immediately after returning from the world cup
They are worse in a worse division, we just are clueless. The talent is there, the skill is there, just not the coaching and chemistry
Yes. Do you not? Leddy and hammer look crap this year but they also show flashes of their talent and brilliance
too*
IF you posted this on facebook you would probably be banned for hate speech and sexism.
I am officially running for Mayor of Dur-Kur.
I don't think I've achieved it yet. I want to achieve it, but you have to give me a chance. I shouldn't run for mayor, I should run for legislature. But I won't because I want to make sure our cities are dynamic and able to handle whatever challenges faces England. So far, I've voted consistently for a handful of elections. I've watched the streams. I've contributed to my parties. I lost an election within my first two weeks. But you know what, I know civ. I know how to play the game and I'm not the worst at politics, or so I think.
Do you get to ask two questions? Fine, because I've played over 500 hours of civ. Because, I will listen to the people who elect me. Because I want to win this game for England. I pledge to enact a system where the people get to voice their opinions in Dur-Kurigalzu.
What is your end game if a world war breaks out?
Fuck, even the bot is drinking now.
Are you aware every time you announce your lines they get deleted on this sub for being a shitpost? Are you invested in bleach and is that the reason for the teams poor performance? Are you trying to get fired? E: A word
I would like to be considered.
uhh, hmmm Lets go IslanderS?!
butch making some excuses about 5 days rest... Not sure that's why the Isles lost
they play in Gwinett &gt;.&gt; aka Atlanta
Fuck that man
Or perhaps throwing horshoes at them in the locker room
Right, since nobody has any questions I want to clarify my idea for a forum in the city of Dur-Kur. Really it's a simple idea. There is a subreddit for the city where anybody can go to discuss and debate topics relative to the city. There would be no mechanism for legally binding resolutions initially but with time I could see allowing it. It will be a pure democracy where every participant has a vote in any suggestion made. There will be one thread per week with discussion. Topics can be submitted before the start of the thread. Each topic will part of a single comment in the thread for simplicity. So if for example, person x submits topic y prior to the thread, then person x comments with their stance on topic y and all discussion of topic y is limited to replies of that comment. This is really just to keep discussion organized. Any topic not submitted and put on the agenda may be commented in the thread and added to the agenda, but everybody must still discuss the idea as a response to that first comment. There will be a forum head, whose job it is to post the thread and run the session. Rules and bylaws for elections will be determined by general consensus in the first session. I will be the first forum head (if elected) and then a new forum head will be elected in no more than 3 weeks from my taking office. This way the forum will be independent before my term is over. There will be bylaws for proposing and voting on a referendum. These bylaws will all be determined by the forum after it is formed. The entire point of the forum is not to run the city but to instead discuss the city, what the goals for the city should be, and make recommendations on how to achieve those goals. The reason I don't want a Memechester style city council is twofold. First, I want to experiment with other forms of democracy, cities can be test grounds for ideas the same way states are test grounds in the US. Second, and I will be very blunt here, I don't like letting a council decide production order and being required to follow it. It feels too much like I am ignoring my judgment in favor of the judgment of a crowd. The forum, I believe, offers a good compromise between the unilateral decision making present in most cities and what best seems to be the organized chaos of a city council. The forum allows for large input in times where it is needed and next to no input when the city is running smoothly. It allows for people to discuss the direction of the city and what they believe the goals should be, without getting too bogged down in the business of running the city. You decide what you want to see from the city and let me achieve it for you.
Yes it was me. I am not getting anymore involved though then I am. I think it was the right move to make it, I am willing to give you the benefit of the doubt. But I do also remember you building a wonder in time of war. Why you aren't running for reelection in York is beyond me.
We should also reintroduce ourselves to the sub. Maybe give a short blerb about who we are and why we do this. Apparently we are both grad students. I live in Atlanta so I do this to help stay following and involved in the team and uhh yeah I really want to help more these days but I find too much time is consumed drinking and watching my poor islanders
I would do Hammer, 2018 1st and DalColle for Landeskog
Could've had a 1st line of Hall JT PA ...
As I pointed out to Mr. Jovanos, there is no indication that those are British soldiers on that ship. Perhaps you are projecting your own feelings about our military onto them. It is after all members of your party who hindered the war effort with Babylon. You sir, share the blood of our fallen soldiers on your hands, as well as the hands of your entire party for not fully supporting the war effort. I will forgive your dismissal of the Pirate Party, but I will not tolerate your slandering of my work.
Ignore what game it is from. That doesn't matter. The point is the same, the Pirates have the iron balls that the GSI lack.
well. yeah, on the meta level. I never played the game and thought it would work. I suppose I can forgive and forget, for now.
no sorry, I actually forgot that. E: I can add a correction to the next issue
If you download the file the links to the legislature documents and the such should work. This is the edited and fixed version with Ministry elections and the proper parties.
Jesus Fucken Christ I am happy we are scoring. I am confused though, is this real? Or will they fall back asleep in 25 minutes?
Strome and Ladd both took them tonight
that's always nice to hear
Luongo is a great PK guy. Seriously playing pretty lights out
I don't see why people hate on Alan Quine.
Butch agrees, it hit the glass a bit
Seems like FLA is looking for it a bit
WOOHOO TAVARES HAT TRICK!
EVERYBODY GET IN HERE! THIS IS AN HISTORIC EVENT! 501 PTS ON 3 GOALS IN THE GAME
hopefully some of them stumble in then and we can help them out.
Honestly, rogue one is probably the only movie that is worse than the islanders season at this point.
location doesn't track with political affiliation. Also I made this at 2am local while drunk. Almost didn't release it because it might accidentally rustle some jimmys. Sorry there was gingerale to represent OMNI but I didn't think anybody would care or notice so I took it out...
if nothing else the 8000x1500 resolution is good for a chuckle, probably could have made it a wee bit smaller
Tried to be Neuer, so german that man is.
We may need that again later tonight
And MAyfield is on the ice so much..
ooh that was a bad 4 on 3
for a million per year I wouldn't complain.
I just bring my own
Our 4th line has looked terrible the past few games...
bad news, that's his fetish
wisconsin?
ah ok, yeah I've seen you kick around the /r/collegehockey I think once or twice
Anything the Rags do is ok by the refs.
I alternate throughout my code, just to piss off whoever looks at it next.
that dangle between his legs, oh man. If he elevated he would have the goal
Shittiest PP ever... Embarrassing.
Totally worth the 4.5 million, that's down to almost .5 million per goal at this point. /s But seriously, Kule works hard, glad it finally payed off.
I wish he was a bit faster and more physical. Then I think that one, he would score more goals but also he would really gel well with Casey and Clutter.
Bailey is 1 goal away from 100 goals?! Nice...
I didn't even realize he was playing until the last minute or two was trying to figure out who was there instead of ladd. Honestly, the two are interchangeable in terms of notice-ability.
The bruins are a good PK, would be nice to get a goal to warm this team up a bit more.
PP lines featuring Gianta and Kulemin... The game is over guys, lets just let Kulemin get the hat
nah always watch the game, worst case scenario you get black out drunk and forget that you watched. Then you can watch the next game without the paralyzing dread and fear of the islanders laying an egg
The board is not elected so they can't be recalled. They fall under the moderator's branch but the moderators, I don't think anyway, broke the constitution. So no, I don't see a lawsuit coming from this. However, this certainly should draw some scorn.
I gave you what I though was a valid reason not to... I'm not ashamed to say I think I lack experience and I don't fully know my way around[....](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2475)
Chills, tears, an some great feelings. What I want to know is, who puts the entire series highlights to that song with that little climax now?
no that's the one you mash up with his draft day
Could be worse, Snow could have thrown him out in the snow before the holidays
nobody disagrees that point. But what would we talk about if we were high ranking members of our respective parties? I don't think it would be the Pats Steelers game coming up... My guess is it's who is running for what, who will probably win and what we plan to do to keep people not at the meeting out. At a minimum.
sorry but I don't see conversations of c-level dudes from companies being on par with even A level guys at those companies let alone the most powerful group of people in the world. And there are plenty of people who refuse to acknowledge the US is an oligarchy. So I think OPs point holds.
You Doug your own grave with that pun...
Man I miss seeing him on the ice. He was always happy... This injury sucks hard
It's called being in mourning
I thought that was a goal for sure
Yeah but they are shooting the puck and that's better than not shooting the puck
They are playing different and better. And Beauv having so much time is interesting
Also a strange game because there isn't much scoring
Of course against us their goalie shows up lol
It happened during a commercial
Taft's captions are superior in every way to all other captions
ah yes 2004, good times.
He is terrible.
4th line should be Ladd Gianta and... Chimera? No, he actually does stuff
Chimera needs an assist
3/4 of islanders lines scored. Only the Ladd line failed
This is why Clutter and Casey may be stuck at 99 for a while
Big win, well played. Still no answer to the elephant in the room. Where do we hide Ladd's body?
This could be a great madlib
But he has been lights out otherwise
I'm pretty sure his ridiculously expensive contract was insured/payed off
Well, at least it wasn't another resignation.
Yeah, I will certainly be on the list. There aren't many who won't be
we need an allstar game weekend shitpost Megapalooza so we can all make dank memes while watching JT do JT things
Currently we are only paying him $500,000 per goal. That's not excessive... Right guys?! RIGHT?! no but seriously, is he has a hot second half he still could be a 30 goal scorer and then we all are going to have to make some dank 'I'm sorry I ever doubted you memes'
I'll sign this.
Question 7 does not accurately reflect the modern pirate party stance towards city states. E: Also question 10 is offensive to me as a Pirate.
No ministry i got it wrong
Would make the Fuck Kate Murray chants more epic
some people probably only read the headline and have no context for the discussion. I have no idea what is going on for sure, but the whole set of news this week (NHL statement at all star game about Barc + today) sounds like they are negotiating for something. Maybe renovations, maybe a contract extension or solidification with different profit sharing etc. &gt;Who has said one single word about the team moving out of state? Somebody *did* make a post about this. I just downvoted and moved on to rational discussion. Malk/Ledecky want nothing to do with moving the team.
&gt; now they're leaving Brooklyn. maybe, maybe not. The NHL made some comments this week about Barc and the ice, about wanting the team out of there as well. I wouldn't be surprised if weird negotiations were going on about a contract extension/renovation deal. Or both sides are really unhappy and the Islanders will move somewhere else. Probably still somewhere on the Island. Ask any Isles fan, there are tons of rumors about a new place over by Citi Field. Kate Murray's backyard is also available so I'm told. One NY Senator had some campaign about bringing the Isles back to LI (Though I didn't read this because it sounded too much like crazy senator begs for votes). Regardless, probably not going to be the worst thing in the world. Barc sucks for hockey, management sucked from day 1. It was a money grab and a stop gap and we all knew it. Seriously thoyugh
I think the Wood Buffalo Islanders would be very fitting tbh
good eye, we will get somebody on that asap...
In this case I agree, but remember the Ladd injury issue? It might be Staple is willfully ignorant about stuff or maybe more of a team mouthpiece than reporter some times. Though the ladder certainly could indicate that this is just a war of words between the big guys
but I miss you :(
I hope we ask Andrew Ladd to waive his NMC. Seriously I know it might hurt his feelings but idc his numbers were awful and he's paid too much money. Unless McFee and Vegas are blackout drunk 24/7 there is no chance Ladd gets taken and he should know that. Lets say Ladd does waive his NMC. 1. Tavares 2. Lee 3. Boychuk 4. Leddy 5. DeHann 6. Pulock 7. Bailey 8. Nelson/Strome Trade Hamonic and maybe the team comes out better for it. For the record, none of the above will happen because Islanders...
Seriously I love the Vegas offense but they absolutely lack defense. Can't see them competing with this current roster, even with the news of this signing.
I dunno, the 100 billion/yr to developing countries seems like a scam to me.
This is why I don't understand why we need things like the paris accord or federal intervention. If the will is there it will happen in individual homes, at the community level and at the state level. This is frankly the best example of states rights and popular will being enacted that I've seen in a while.
they don't use the Euro so maybe the favorable exchange rate will help?
That stick with the two flags over the state is sick as hell.
not to be a grammar nazi or anything but you used strait and meant straight. Strait is a noun (think passage of water between two rocks) while straight is the other thing.
well played
I have the high ground!
The key is they need a top line winger to compliment JT and maybe another top 6 forward. It's a shame Grabbo got destroyed because frankly him on the 2nd line seemed to work when he was healthy. They actually sort of have the money to do it if they put grabbo on LTIR (5million) and buy out him or halak even (please save your stones halak supporters until after I'm done, then throw away). Over all they could conceivably have 10 million in cap space to sign a big name. Then next Year Kulemin's contract is up which frees up 5 million for the pay raise to JT and another 12 million on contracts all of which could go either way. What it comes down to is the owner may have to spend some money to win and keep JT here. Hopefully they are willing.
I don't watch either of these things, but if they are like most of what is on netflix they just aren't very good.
Could it be a time cap more than a turn cap maybe? 1-2hr for a play session? I understand where you are coming from with the short turns at this point but also realize many people are just starting to come back and pay attention probably.
It's definitely a gamble to run Greiss as a number 1 for the year. But we might be able to find a backup somewhere who doesn't cost 4.5 million. And there is no doubt in my mind there needs to be another elite player (winger or 2c) for this team if they want to win now.
I'm sad because game 3 isn't until tomorrow :/
&gt; better secondary players mainly a 2c I agree with that. I do think an upgrade to bailey would not hurt though either. Love the guy and so glad he had a great season but him as a 2nd line winger seems like a better fit imho.
well yes and no, note the bandwagon part of the flair. I just want to watch and enjoy the game.
They will
I'm just basking in all of it
Have you heard the tale of Darth Melrose the wise
Do those work if you are not in Nashville
$6 bucks for a coors?! Also what is a bomb, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas?
I love the idea, but the licensing on the Sunday Night Football theme is through the roof. No way ***COULD*** they do that. Also she might be under contract for the NFL in such a way that forbids her from doing that. Now, they should go all out and embrace the country, game 6 will be huge and I can't see Nashville losing if they do it right.
No I agree with pruning the hedges but on the flip side, even with the clutter/cizikas contracts we have cap space if only in the grabbo LTIR deal. I get clutterbuck is over paid for his on ice importance but I think his connection with JT and his off ice leadership are why they paid him. Otherwise the bad contracts either can't be unloaded (Boychuck is a bit over payed for his age and Ladd still has yet to prove he earns that money) or end soon-ish. So I would say cizikas to vegas would be a good one to try to pull but I wouldn't be surprised if a goaltender deal was worked out to move halak. Lots in play, could be a fun second half of june
Speculation is definitely speculation. More comfortable with the direction is good and all but that sounds like reaction to the coaching changes. I think he signs on July 1st if the isles get a deal and trade for a forward in the top 6 role.
/r/TheGalacticFederationdidNothingWrong
You deserve gold for this.
Is that necessarily a bad thing?
That first sentence...
I remember that actually.
Anybody know where we can get the full ratings for other markets?
Weird, that's what normally works for me with women.
This is a sad day for Democraciv.
What's strange is this sub hated that third 2 years ago
Iwanttobelieve.jpg
But did he go back for seconds?
In the US if you pay by the month it is 25-30 USD with no playoffs.
That's a sick wrestling move though tbh
No, you are proposing an agency to oversee one bill, and that agency creates regions for which that bill applies to, which is ridiculous. Mind you you create an agency of 5 people with nobody in charge and no way of actually achieving this goal. 5 people are appointed, how do they decide? A vote? A fight to the death? When do they vote? who is in charge who brings order? What decides a quorum for decision making? You create this body of government, with no real accountability, that has no way to organize itself. Let's also skim over where you require an additional election after the government election (for no good reason mind you). That just seems dumb, hold the election congruent with government elections. What do you lose form that? You then, for reasons beyond my comprehension, want to give the legislature an override on this, of a 70% vote. Why not 2/3? why not 67%? 70% seems rather arbitrary. Also fix the damn typo in that sentence.
Probably just that it grew on most people or something. After we leave Brooklyn this albatross will be dropped faster than you can say Crosby sucks
Fuck the refs
ITS GREAT HOCKEHY
My liver cant handle it
Ugh only watch the last half hour of the broadcast (2 min of play)
That's just the Mike... He's FUCKEN awful
I agree since to me it's sort of like making a save, so long as part of him is in the blue paint
Maybe O Canada?
good kitty
I'll run out of beer
Better team won TBH. Congrats Phil Kessel
yeah tbh, congrats to him. Right place right time. Hope he enjoys his day with it.
I agree, I can't wait for the offseason, with no real dog in the race I was watching and enjoying but also just waiting to see what the hell happens between now and July 1st.
I expected a bit more from Kessel in the finals. I also didn't expect Rinne to get pulled twice in the finals
24 hours is the wait time correct?
They should redo this series tbh
Nice try McPhee
OK poorly worded, I meant last of the current teams to lose a game to Vegas. Ie who will it take the longest to lose a game against vegas
&gt;And, as Diplomat, I'm still useless... Not true, if we go to war you can carry the flag! :P
It's treason then
I agree and I'm taking the pessimistic approach, I believe no good will come of this offseason.
they certainly have my attention
HouseThisIsATerribleIdea
Good.
[according to this tweet islanders are near top of the list](https://twitter.com/NicholsOnHockey/status/875352429960626176) also from the article E: [Here is a side by side comparison of their stats](http://imgur.com/a/CaWy7) This is for all play, but if you filter 5v5 you see some fairly interesting differences
That's a terrible name LePig
JTs contract happens by not resigning Halak and Kulemin (9 million) That being said the odds of both deals working is implausible AND they both will be up for a new contract in 2018-19 as well meaning we would never be able to keep both long term unless we work some serious vodoo
Matt Duchene is slated to be more expensive next year at 6.5 million. The key is he might be worth that much more than Eberle depending on how you break down the statistics. I see Duchene as a barometer for the team, team plays well he plays well, I don't know what to say about Eberle but my impression is he needs a change of scenery.
yeah I was going to point out their divisions are not right.
Eberle and Duchene, it looks fine on not mobile :P try zooming in?
That wouldn't be the worst thing in the world, we would risk losing him in the expansion otherwise.
It would basically require us to send nelson or strome to Vegas in return for them not taking Eberle.
Duchene is definitely a 2 way forward, great 2c pickup. Put Ho-sang on his wing and they both will put up points.
In my math Grabbo is bought out this year to pay Eberle/Duchene/both E: Or put on LTIR
dank
He's from Quebec, English is not the poor blokes first language.
Don't forget to add the McLeod Lowen trade to this.
it was posted right before this post
You now have more upvotes than chicago had goals in the playoffs this year. You're welcome.
THIS IS NOT A DRILL ISLANDERS FANS! I REPEAT, THIS IS NOT A DRILL! WE ARE ON \#HAMONICWATCH2KJ17
[hmmm](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/035/591/1263396694326.jpg)
Fuck Colorado's GM, they need to shit or get off the pot with Duchene.
The deadline passed and the Islanders didn't ask him so it's a moot point but no, Vegas would not have taken him I don't think.
Very unpopular but JT for Stamkos, just for fun.
Less now
Stop this! That king of convenience will allow us to get along with our lives and NOT waste all our time waiting for news here!
TBH a week's worth of groceries (meat included) costs closer to $40-50 but I get the point. Also tofu is cheap as Fuck
Also if you have a favorite community server feel free to share
Working on it. Ie was a dumb 2fort that had this song welcoming you back
Drop him off in the middle of the woods with just a knife, tell him it's just like his vidya. Problem solved.
Well, it will be interesting to see the protected list at 10 tomorrow
If there is war this will slow down game play immensely. Don't get me wrong, I am all for handing out cool Latin titles to people and roleplay but I am hesitant when these are roles, that presumably will crowd the already crowded gameplay and hold no power. For instance: &gt;A Centurion must follow all orders from the president regarding their Unit, but otherwise they are free to move wherever they wish. so they can move around except that they have to go where the president says? Makes sense.
I enjoyed this article about as much as the islanders action at any trade deadline.
I dunno, do you really think Price can win the starting job over Greiss/Halak? ^^^\s
[Like This?](http://imgur.com/orwf3v1)
Hamonic should be exposed tbh. I think the reason he wasn't traded is his trade value crashed with injuries and poor play. It sucks since he was a piece of the team for so long but we still have a solid proven core for defense: Leddy Pulock? deHaan Boychuk? Hickey take your pick of the 3 below. Mayfield/Pelech//Seidenberg.
I plan to be hungover, sleep till noon and figure shit out then.
Eberele is also expensive as Fuck compared to Nelson.
I'd be so sad
I think MasenkoEX has done a fantastic job as speaker of the legislature,. Sessions have been organized and effective, with useful bills being passed. I would like to see more participation from some legislators but there are efforts currently being made to address that as well. If elected, I will continue the work MasenkoEX has done by working with leadership in the legislature to create a legislative body that produces quality bills and works in an organized fashion. I will also strive for cooperation between parties and compromise, as I did in the legislature during MK2. There are many tough issues to come that will need answers from the legislature, answers that won't always be easy to agree upon but I am somebody who can help bring vastly differing viewpoints together.
It's the score dude
It should be repealed. Simple as that. I would be open to working on an amendment to the bill, however it would need to be strongly edited. There are currently 2 bills before the legislature or in the writing phase in the legislature that aim to amend the WPA. One of which adds even more regulation and offers very little in the way of compromise. The other one effectively repeals the WPA and creates a EPA (environmental protection agency), which is a better form of compromise but still needs work from what I've seen. Regardless I would call for the repeal of the WPA, if elected.
You're as baffled as we are.
&gt;If JT signs anywhere else... That's a full year away, last year of the contract starts July 1st but yes we would ideally see him sign on July 1st. &gt;how does Garth Snow still have a job There historically hasn't been good accountability in the management chain. Wang was a lazy owner. If this year is anything less than a playoff birth and decent run I think Snow is gone.
We don't need to unload grabbos contact he can go ltir if we need the cap space
How do you think the role of treasurer could be affected by the introduction of a banking system? Are you prepared to adapt to changing responsibilities that may see you bridging in and out of game economics?
I mean it is only fair that the team captain controls the team twitter...
Could go for a threefer
Florida: Even Jagr retired there
Itshappening.jpg
If he doesn't ltir could be an option
That might be a bit early to tell... December?
He wants to though, and playing with kulemin in a contract year.... I want him to be healthy but be smart too I dunno.
Remember Mcphee knows the islanders, he knows kulemin is expensive but a solid Workhorse. If it is grabbo that could mean he's coming back (mixed feelings). It is known Grabbo wants back and is skating. TBH if it is the two of them Vegas will overpay but only for one season and if it is both with a healthy grabbo that could be 30 points on his own
Not with the team but back home, it was in a translated article iirc. Let me try to find it. E: [bingo bango](http://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/hockey/news/islanders-mikhail-grabovski-looking-to-put-concussion-issues-behind-him/)
This article reads like BS. 15% stake for 500 million when they bought the team for 485 million? I'm no economist but that seems way off.
Is there a plane we can track /u/dl2316 ?
This is like when you spill the beans about a surprise party then try to play it off.
He had a hat trick in Atlanta IIRC E: a word
I think he's still drunk. How much of that bottle do you think he got into?
I think that's why it's the worst case WTF scenario.
While you increase the number of lumber mills allows and allow for construction of mines (things that should have been in the original bill) you regulate further where a colony may form and add a ridiculous requirement about replenishing tiles after wartime construction. This is a compromise in the same sense that comcast offers customer service. There is no compromise here you take what you want while putting in what should have been there in the first place. A compromise would be removing the restrictions on road building or restrictions on strategic resources.
Absolutely, you are added to the registry
In a race where democrats and outside groups spent over 30 million dollars to make it close.
that's not the point. I even commented I want people to go read them because making this was hard. But it's also important that there is something easier to digest than a 120+ comment thread for people. Feel free to answer unanswered things here an ask more questions. There is still time!
Update from~~ Afarteta~~ femamerica13: &gt;Every group of people needs to compromise at least once, even if it is a group of friends in a causal setting. Being on a council makes compromise and different ideas even more relevant and prevalent. Being a politician means serving the public good, not just your supporters. Compromise is better for everyone instead of always having a deadlock. I may have stretched what he said a bit, again ~~/u/afarteta93~~ sorry about that, boiling paragraphs down to phrases is hard. E: it was /u/femamerica13
The islanders one is not complete. Grabbo hasn't been cleared to play and is on IR so he can't be their selection. Vegas has to choose another person, most likely Kulemin/Cizikas/Halak most likely NOT deHaan, Bailey, Strome, Nelson. E: [Sources so OP can update #1](https://twitter.com/StapeNewsday/status/877166952665546752) [#2](https://twitter.com/StapeNewsday/status/877167720911052800)
There is more to the rumor, the rumor is Grabbo and the pick go to vegas to lay off the big 4 left open. I sourced it per staple, see the update.
your meme is not the worst thing in the world. I am not trying to say we can't have memes, we certainly shouldn't takke ourselves super seriously. However, if a candidates only posts memes that is a problem. Also don't be offended I called out probably ~1/2 + the candidates with this post in some way.
He won a Stanley cup that season
I dunno if I can make is all the way through but here goes. Got a super of lagunitas
Two hours of this, oh boy fam
Dumb joke, drink
This is great
George isn't allowed to speak anymore lol
This post is close to top all time...
Is there an intermission iguana?
Woah I was undrafted in 2008! What are the odds!!!!
Who is Jake biscuits?
2019? We can trade back for it with a bust
Yeah the guy we traded in D is a potential Nhl d guy. Ppg in NCAA and 3 pts in 6 AHL games do not a sure thing but not top talent either
They wanted BERUBE. He is UFA, we didn't need to do anything to dump him.
The feels
true, but they could have taken quine or prince and we would lose basically the same amount.
nope, expectations now set. We get THEM ALL
We are sending you kulemin the SUV and Cappy's tie collection
2nd line with bails and Nelson around duchene would be nice. Now we just need that second trade
No cap retention? Also strome is in Chicago fyi
Change of scenery can do strome good. Expect 40 - ish points from him. He was hurt under Cappy's Reign of Terror.
No, we won't do it. Well... Maybe but it's not super likely. Pulock is a top pairing D man in a few years and PP director.
We still have the Cluttertruck so it's ok. Plus they will need Honky's wonderful spacious interior for all those trophies McDavid will win!
Could be Beauv, but C has some defensive responsibility associated with it so it could even be Casey with them for part of the season. That being said Ladd is a good 2 way player so having him on wing with them would help lift some of the beauv responsibility on D. IIRC that exact line played together a bit and looked good this past season.
Let's chip in and fly him to Hawaii for the weekend.
Ryan Nudgent Hopkins (RNH) is a professional ice hockey player who plays for the Edmonton Oilers.
Sorokin won't come over unless he is starting (from what I've heard) but Gibson might be a cheap and effective 2nd net-minder.
My hope is this is snow playing hard ball but he will soften at some point. tbh compared to AVS wanting Pulock Barzal + for Duchene this is not that unreasonable. Hammer is young, on a team friendly contract, and a solid top 4 D.
Car NYI and Col are all asking kings ransom. If one blinks and takes a lower offer the others might as well, or we are stuck in a 3 way mexican standoff
absolute game changer.
Seems like a reasonable idea.
They will have less than 2 million in cap space. Last year Oshie commanded 4 million, can't see him taking a 3 million pay cut. Chicago also has to make offers to 3 RFA and sign a 7th D Man or bring one up from the AHL or something. They are a mess with 27 million tied up between Kane, Toews, and Sadd
69 it is then.
Islanders, but I hear we are getting 2 for Hamonic^^^^/s
it would be much worse if they couldn't put hossa on LTIR day 2. If it went on for a few days or they tried to go over cap mid season (with the exception of the fine) it could be much much worse.
the NHL pays the insurance premiums. If the number of LTIR retirements increases I'd assume so would insurance premiums? I dunno, the league are a bunch of cheap ass hats so I can only imagine.
I bet there is a trade announced during the draft. Highest bidder probably gets him (their 1st most likely+ )
Pulock is considered to be a top pairing D man who can run the PP. Hamonic just came off a bad season riddled with injuries. Yes, Pulock would have more value on the market if we were willing to trade him. Also forgot to mention, Duchene is a 2C for the islanders because JT is the 1C and he will most likely have Lee/Eberle on his wings. Duchene would probably be a 2C for us with Bailey/Nelson/Ladd on his wing 3rd line of Chimera/Ladd (depending on 2nd line) with Beuvillie and Ho-Sang and 4th line of Kulemin-Cizikas-Clutterbuck
Do you think any person would suggest that ESPN.com had good hockey analysis?
Crap nissan
OTTOMH should sit around 90-100 million
Expansion will slow that, also it probably won't grow with a constant percentage
Reddit app, you're drunk go home
Yeah... maybe we should offer a 3rd round pick contingent to become 2nd if something happens. something like that to try and sweeten it. Of course what I've heard is Colorado wants Pulock and Barzal, which is just insane.
he has 2 years left, which means Sakic is going to play this game again at 2 more trade deadlines and 1 more draft.
I know it won't happen but those need to be on the front page.
oh yeah definitely. But I don't think what COL was looking for changed at all since the deadline iirc, so with Sakic in charge he'll start askng for Pulock BArzal and Ho-Sang come deadline time.
2 firsts was a dumb price. A 1st and conditional second would have been a better choice.
Barzal might do well to spend a year in the AHL. No guarantee he makes the team, partly because you don't really want him playing 3rd line minutes. Which means Beauv will center that line and Ladd will be on that wing most likely with Ho-sang on the higher line (maybe or they might move lad over and put him with the kids to mentor them). The other wing will be a rotation of the three forwards. I know everyone has a hardon for Barzal an we want to win now but seriously a year dominating the AHL (like with Pulock) would do him well. Also Pulock will not play 3rd pairing D. He comes in top 4 tbh or I can't see him on this roster. He needs to play lots of minutes and more minutes in the AHL is better than minutes here. To be 100% honest he should play with Leddy. Then 2nd line DeHaan Hammer 3rd line Boychuk Pelech/Mayfield and Seidenberg can step in (WHEN NOT IF) Boychuk misses time with an injury. But look, as you or I described it the team is not winning a cup. Need to make a move. Moving Hamonic is alright becuase Boychuk can play 2nd pairing and Seidenberg can mentor the kids (also we forgot hickey in all this oops) but withot another top 6 guy.... Ho-sang might be able to take that wing but I rather Nelson on the wing there along side Duchene, and ultimately Nelson moves down to 3rd line when Ho-sand is ready to move up.
I don't think you are right, I see where you are going and I would be totally FUCKEN PISSED IF HE WENT TO MOTHER FUCKING NASHVILLE. That being said, if the price is roughly the same (young D man + prospect +) Nashville doesn't have it I don't think. If he goes there for less than we are offering I don't know what to say, I will be MOTHER FUCKING GOD DAMNED PISSED. Now all that aside, a lot of people talk at the draft, so let's pop a beer and not read too far into it.
Yes please share
Leddy -- Boychuk deHaan -- Pelech Hickey -- Mayfield 7th man Seidenberg. In the AHL we still have that toews kid But here is an interesting thought, extend deHaan and trade him with maybe Pelech and DalColle for Duchene. That might be fair, though they want Barzal or bust from what I saw
sorry, no idea what he actually said. BUT the point was more AVS fans (assuming you are one) are as frustrated with this as we are. One guy over there was arguing Duchene is a human being and dangling him like this perpetually is a bit of a dick move. Of course he's a professional, but that doesn't mean he's a robot.
S T E A L T E A L
traded to colorado.
Remember that 9 million is before we sign deHaan.
[Future Islander Hall of Famer Arnaud Durandeau](http://www.hockeydb.com/ihdb/stats/pdisplay.php?pid=186201)
Pelech might have the most value. Might get a 3rd for him but he can be bottom pair D man. Mayfield is similar but probably 4th/5th. Kulemin we would need to GIVE picks to get rid of, that contract is ridiculous but only 1 more year so it's fine. Quine /Prince the return wouldn't be worth it tbh. They can just bench sit and fill in for injured guys imo.
Ah ok
B E R U B E E R U B E
I like Ranch
would you be willing to release this as an excel sheet?
No.
Kenlane - Yea
What is your stance on constitutional amendments aimed at giving the judicial branch (or any other branch) power ( review or otherwise) over the moderation?
We should chip in and buy him a case at the trade deadline
!RemindMe 5 months
Right but recently somebody came by the discord who hadn't been here in a while and they complained that the first thing they saw on the democraciv twitch was a killing floor video. Something that can be very confusing for casual members. I don't think I agree either that related sort of games belong on their. Again, somebody who doesn't knock around discord a lot, somebody who maybe has been gone a few weeks, somebody who just wants to hop over and see what they missed needs to be able to easily and readily see the gameplay videos without there being other videos in place.
I am definitely pushing the limit of what might be legal in MK3. Section 7: 1. The duty of Moderation shall be to the overall **maintenance** of the community of players and their methods of communication. a. Decisions relating to the **community and communication methods** shall be the sole jurisdiction of Moderation without unsolicited input from the government emphasis mine. I'm 99% sure this means sole decisions relating to the... in terms of maintenance and I think I can win that in court.
That's fine though, let him spend a year in BPS dominating the game there and learning to play at the NHL speed.
Ehh doing it this way makes it more formal and helps prevent bias. The bill started because I was taking to house who really wanted to advertise to grow the community. I think that's a great idea. I just want someone or a group of people to be in charge of it. The complicated process is so that we don't end up with 5 dvp (or dsp or any other party) controlling advertisement. The worry I had was that if one party primarily controlled advertising they could use it as a recruitment tool, not something I want
So I worked with Charisarian to make edits to LC-2. Take a look at it. Ass was actually something I came up with while talking to House one night, basically we need some form of organized advertising to bring in new blood and keep the community healthy. House wanted to just appoint a cabinet position but I felt it should be more distant from the actual government. So naturally I added government regulation to sort of make a semi autonomous group that presumably given the appointment process would be reasonably well driven individuals who are good at distancing themselves from politics. It's also worth noting this is not a violation of dual mandate if someone holds this position I believe. So in theory Solace could appoint Masenko/Charistarian/UnlikeBob and that would be completely fine. Though I should probably check that in the constitution before claiming it.
