usually pick up what i can after the headliner &amp; on my way out. sometimes you find something good for your efforts.
yeah people were trying to crack the code a while back to no avail
i'm waiting till the official release. no disrespect meant for those listening now, but for me it's like getting a fake id. gonna celebrate friday like it's my 21st.
we did this last year. just make sure you're together when you roll through security check.
it got taken down. maybe someone at /r/bassnectar ripped the files.
only friday's general sale is local time
big g &amp; nectar 2 years in a row?
the nh code is for the venue's presale which is tomorrow.
PL TICKETS ACQUIRED
that's pretty good given the lineup
this will be my first pretty lights show. my absolute favorite, i am ecstatic right now. live free or die.
definitely. second time seeing atmosphere &amp; tipper. first tipper show was pretty special (https://www.reddit.com/r/prettylights/comments/4kqiwd/pls_dropping_tour_announcements_on_twitter/d3hohf9)
any chance we could get a tracklist without downloading anything?
👋
gopher! (for fans of aesop rock)
and i'll probably end up missing that "interactive listening party" since i'll be at aesop rock that night fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuu (unless it's at like 1130)
did they play bonfire like always?
enjoy the granite state. i'm not a resident (from mass), but i've spent a lot of time there. definitely stock up on booze while you're there, it's dirt cheap (bring some home). some of your questions are answered here: https://www.banknhpavilion.com/?page=policies idk about glass, but i looked at photos from the venue and didn't see any...might be better off playing it safe: https://www.facebook.com/BankNHPavilion/photos
i'd kill for purity ring. bassnectar playing flood on the floor last year ruled.
i'll assume this is only for the summer. need the full toby (hair and all) for the start of next season.
why not both?
stare at my calendar counting down the days till i'm in michigan
if only
i hope to find someone doing the robot at forest. the worse the better.
i guess i should've said someone ELSE. i plan to get funky for 4 days straight.
i don't disagree with most of what you said, but telling him to suck it up is hardly constructive.
we agree on the general message which is what counts.
i only left off the all good folks since op called them out. wanted to spread the love. yep, lnr will be at forest. one of my favorite discoveries from the lineup.
this sub - and wanting to be part of it - is 100% why i joined reddit. can't wait for forest!!!
can't wait to listen to this. saw him a couple weeks ago and it was crazy.
if we ever share a supreme pie i will give you my mushrooms. then we'll both be happy.
late night radio &amp; daily bread have been getting a lot of love on this sub, and rightfully so, so here are my *other* top 5 undercards not to miss skratch bastid shooka eprom russ liquid bass physics
i don't have an answer to either question, just wanted to say welcome!
someone in my crew went to tulane so that kinda counts for nola.
last year single day tickets were available after the headliners were split up. i remember buying a ticket for saturday only knowing bassnectar would be playing that day.
spotify as well. great friday treat.
no disrespect to your post, because i completely get the idea of fomo, but forest is the one time of the year where i am not constantly checking the internet. i let the forest guide my journey.
fomo = fear of missing out totally get the schedule thing, i use hard copies to keep track of who's where/when &amp; word of mouth for the "hyped sets" (obviously that's ahead of time &amp; you're talking about in the moment)
never really listened to tipper until i saw him in the fall. now he's one of my absolute favorites &amp; i'm super pumped to see him again with pl in august. highly, highly recommend catching him if you can.
i'll be at the nh show as well, can't wait!
came in to say shambhala
good find
it was a mistake to leave him home. probably the biggest snub after kessel.
an admiral ackbar-themed trap music totem would get a real chuckle from me
i'll probably check out floss pending conflicts
a question on this: would "resident dj" status mean bassnectar's a staple of the lineup or would it result in special sets, longer than other headliners?
carry the spirit of the forest with you into the real world
and the people
saturday around 4:30 there is a trolley that leaves the bar Doyle's and does a sightseeing tour around boston. unlike all the other tours you can drink on this one, they even stop for booze at the beginning. Doyle's is where they take you at the end of the Sam Adams brewery tour so you could do that first.
doomtree, houndmouth, earphunk, dumstaphunk and evanoff
a fully staffed puppy petting station would be awesome if it was more doable
sorry to hear but forest is medicine for the soul
this past thursday
i'll go one better than "this week." guessing tuesday, wednesday or thursday.
nah man, 21 jump street is based on real life events from forest
i'll share my own experience. last year i was in a real funk around this time. the demands of my job consumed my life and just had me constantly feeling blue. i hadn't taken a day off for 2 years other than for a doctor's appointment. aside from having the best four days ever i found a lot of comfort in being able to shut out the real world. it allowed me to not only recharge my batteries but refocus priorities on what actually mattered in life. i am in a much better place a year later. as far as assumptions go, expect nothing. don't worry about meeting the expectations you've set weeks before you go. enjoy every moment of forest and try to take some of that with you. and ps - i hope you have a wonderful forest and it's beyond what you could hope for.
printed one out and stashed it in the ol' fanny pack - still have it. i'll do the same this year, but i'll also make a few back up copies.
this might be too long, but it's my favorite. i even wrote it up on the whiteboard in my office as a reminder. idk where it originated but here's a copy of it: http://www.southbayriders.com/forums/threads/126551/
works for me. i also like "pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness."
hmm. i'd be okay with missing adventure club for porter.
last year was my first year so i'll just break it down by day: day 1: shpongle, odesza, flume day 2: minnesota, lettuce day 3: sci, slow magic day 4: snbrn
s'all good
nah man you're thinking of floss
how so?
cheese into sts9 would be awesome
(((just playing off floss' song crowd ctrl)))
2015 had kaskade and flume on night 1
me
whoa first concert, enjoy!
sh'ea boiiiiiiii this is gonna be a hot one right here
same!
i have the same concerns but once the grooves hit you may catch a 3rd wind
was this a reaction to what i posted? or just the overall thread?
the only thing i can think of to consider is if that person calls and says that wristband was lost
guessing tomorrow for no reason in particular
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
skrillary was one of my favorites from last year
kazoo it up instead. you can do anything with a kazoo.
moonrise how you feeeeeeeeeeeeeelin /starts an earthquake with that sugar cube drop
feel ya. i was practically in sherwood.
i think they're bigger than forest stage although maybe not in this crowd
you best come correct linda
that'd be me too if i wasn't too busy boogin'
DIVIDE THE SOUL, MORE LIKE
saw tipper in the fall and this was part of the visuals android jones put together for the set
this made me question the android attribution and upon further review the visuals for that show were done by jonathan singer
i'm not camping with reddit, but if i was in your situation i'd definitely go that route. you definitely have the freedom to do whatever as others have said + you may find yourself in need of the help of others (supplies, an extra hand, etc.).
sorry for the confusion - saw tipper in boston, not at t&amp;f
i feel this. i've used the same iphone headphones for 4.5 years. they're starting to cut out so i'm staring down the inevitable right now.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4mgbbh/i_swear_to_god_linda/
highlight from his moonrise set last year mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm droppppppppppppppppp
to answer your follow up question - yes i do listen to night bass. saturday cheese is special.
bassnectar - unlimited preview
sinclair is my favorite venue in boston (even though it's cambridge)
umass boston isn't a competitor school. and neither is the flagship, umass amherst. as far as how bc stacks up, it depends on what we're discussing specifically. best/worst students? quality of specific education programs? job placement? athletics/campus life? also, for everyone in this thread it's nu, not neu or ne.
overwhelming but just remember there's no right or wrong way to forest. go with the flow.
at this point i am starting to question if you really are a sponge
imho a better way of dropping hints would be to list the schedule and replace the artists with anagrams
some people may have to choose a late arrival or early exit. these would probably be an extreme minority but i'm sure there are a few.
didn't their lineup come out a week or so ago?
we did this last year &amp; it was awesome. shots were candid af with no do-overs. plus getting them developed and reminiscing is like a second christmas.
would've really liked to see yheti &amp; support a local fest but i just don't have the bandwidth unfortunately. keeping an eye out for next year for sure.
obviously kane scores
makes sense but so does waiting till bonaroo ends
because there are a limited amount of opportunities for hype outside of the festival dates - and hype is not just about selling tickets. forest is run by a promotional company after all.
has big griz happened before? i know grizmatik &amp; big grizmatik have, but just big g + griz? (i'm not counting their collabs eg power, good times roll, etc. but maybe you are)
linda = lies, incorrect &amp; no dang additions STAY WOKE
specific programs, sure. school overall, no. that's not a dig at umass whatsoever, it's an acknowledgement that they offer different things to students.
some artists keep prices low to ensure more people are able to afford the show. dunno if flume is one of them.
we all have our gripes about the t but it's the only way i get around (besides walking).
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4nbpd2/women_game_changers_in_creativity_panel/
thanks just added her
ALL BETS ARE OFF
all good jam location/time is set, i don't think they'll announce who'll take part ahead of time
flairing is caring my dude
not listed on the roster on their website. saw opiuo a few weeks ago and it was so dope so if he got added i would be so happy.
i hope they just drop it at 3 am so people get to wake up to it
did the public intoxication happen at the campgrounds or outside and they're just attributing it to bonaroo?
more important than michael jordan, a million tomorrows, hot like sauce
it's a very balanced lineup. i'm gonna have acts i want to see from start to finish every day.
freddy todd will be added. others, who knows?
carry some tylenol, advil, ibuprofen - whatever you use. i can't tell you how many times i broke out a bottle for someone in my crew and had people swarm me for that last year. i was more than happy to help but i went through a whole bottle in two days with the hand outs.
not releasing the schedule until we're a week out is hq's response to all of the "about two weeks before the festival" responses
dank...ass...memes bruh
i think what you're looking for is the entire area around the stage. if this set doesn't make you feel you might not be human.
maybe they changed up the plan for it? you're probably right though but sesh thing sounds a lot better imho
give yourself plenty of time to make the flight
smart...enjoy
they don't pass out schedules but it would be fun if they did follow your plan (and stressful for some)
CCCCCCAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLLLLLL
we're like 8 months ahead of schedule then
is there anything more on this other than that snippet
some magazines put out stories online prior to the print issue publishing at the very least i'd like to see the context before i pass judgement on this. i don't even know if it's a full quote or just a "scintillating tease."
i posted the link here for all with an assist from /u/ssswerve
i love kanye like kanye loves kanye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE7PKRjrid4 (yeah i know it's backwards)
works for me
of course the schedule is coming, but when is the $1m question
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
am both.
we were all new at one point my dude
i want one to commemorate the fest of /u/i_am_linda
everything
THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST
daily bread - a cloudy day
no worries just hope you weren't too hyped for flume or skrillex
*running
this takes me back to my friend's basement
sheets for the campsite?
didn't see skrillex with cheese but i love the idea of a non traditional pairing. forest is where jam &amp; electronic collide after all.
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA SSSSENNNYAAAAAAAAAAA
totally rad...happy forest!!!
in fairness to linda she only said "soon" so it's up to interpretation what that means
linda is the ultimate hypeman
referring to this: https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4nhrpz/i_have_something_to_say/d43zel8
could just be the standard "use the first day of the fest as the stand in date," although he probably needs a day for travel/set up for gorge too... i see logical arguments for thurs &amp; sat so i guess i'm in the same boat as /u/dtrain405 - wait for the schedule drop
interesting. where'd you see that?
yep, here's a list of what's known thus far: https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4nbygv/compiled_schedule/d42k5p0
watched the floozies stream. that encore was so dope.
maybe 2sday
well happy birthday jerk face head
nice teeth - interesting descriptor
it would be a dramatically different approach compared to past fests. for starters, they don't even give out hard copies.
same
RELEASE THE KRAKEN
porter &amp; nectar are my top 2. they're above everyone else on the schedule so having to choose between them (especially with the speculated scheduling) would be awful.
you could ask for some extra space but you won't be able to reserve a spot
i buy into forest not wanting to "share" the hype with another fest.
it's like experiencing that thursday line all over again
6 pm est &amp; i think that's probably optimistic
guess not still hyped tho
it's perfect. that's what my coworkers think i'm doing
best of luck with this thread
this would've been so much better if it wasn't spoiled by the thumbnail
use carpe diem instead then
some artists, like tchami and eoto, were missing from the lineup in the app when it updated yesterday. they are showing up now. all is right.
also check out the remix album! the odesza and slumberjack tracks are my favorites.
only planning on going friday due to nectar but i'm really happy with the rest of that day's lineup. pretty much everyone that i wanted to see except goldfish. sucks that i'll most likely have to miss datsik but it should be a great time start to finish.
no you're absolutely right. and if i had the option to go back and unlisten to the album i would do that - i've avoided videos of worlds for this very reason.
quite a few acts i like but i would prefer to see them at a club where it's more intimate
H Y P E
could be one of the "create a schedule" contest entrants
it also has tba listed in the all good event spots
real talk if he did an electric glen workshop that place would be packed af
ENOUGH OF THIS "LOGIC"
wish it was using the bacon test. i would happily take that test.
traditional bbq &amp; sriracha mixed has become my new go-to
near the top of my to-see list
screw bassnectar, see ya there
check the megathread. should be sticky-ed.
say hi to neighbors, ask who they're excited to see
make sure you get proper accommodations. your injury will bring good fortune for friends. +1 on the marker thing, although you gotta wear that when you get back so...
steer clear, tuna. head for open waters.
no thank you. it's gonna be super hot &amp; i'd rather stay hydrated.
$90 after fees
jauz would be awesome since he's playing boston next week while i'm at forest
tried out downbeats for the first time last night and loved them. highly recommend.
they're friday (but maybe that's your opening night)
do it before. yes it's more money (and maybe that's a more significant factor for you) but you won't have to think about it while you're at forest so you can enjoy it fully. plus, if you're in rough shape when you get back you run the risk of doing poorly on it.
4. 3/330 is when they get serious about kicking people out.
this sounds awesome hope you &amp; your fam have a great time
here are mine day by day (except saturday which looks pretty good other than a wee bit of overlaps). any suggestions are definitely welcome, particularly if you can speak to the live experience. thursday polish ambassador vs. ott &amp; the all seeing i (leaning ott) savoy vs. 12th planet (leaning savoy) disco biscuits vs. bonobo vs. eoto vs. scratch bastid b2b jazzy jeff vs. ott (f me...leaning bonobo) friday nghtmre vs. scratch bastid (leaning nghtmre) sunday frameworks vs. sunsquabi (leaning frameworks) evanoff vs. rufus du sol (leaning rufus) floozies vs. tchami vs. bass physics (leaning tchami)
this would be fun for after the fest. who you expected to see &amp; who you *actually* saw.
same. but a bit more comfortable after my experience last year. i would just practice "i think this child is lost" in my head a few times before i actually speak (when it'll inevitably come out as "i think i lost a child")
same thing as a dorm room
was leaning savoy because of frickin lasers but /u/znns brings up an excellent point. i might split this 50/50 now.
ott to savoy to 12th planet for me. after that is when things get complicated.
i too will be parked at tripolee friday
i've seen odesza 3 times in the past year &amp; every set was great but basically the same. you could see bassnectar 30 times and not have that reaction.
and their status as a headliner is foggy
i think slander hinted at it in his ama (anyone else remember that?). maybe it'll be good life though.
i don't think it'll be during either's listed set, it'll be an extra
this was only in reference to the coming out mentioned above. i think i misread the comment as the coming out being recent.
feels like i'm gonna get minimal sleep after setting up camp thursday morning if i don't want to miss daily bread.
happy birthday mang
last year we lost our friend in a bear suit after nectar and went around to people in the forest asking if they'd seen a bear. after 5 minutes we realized we needed to clarify our questioning.
you never know
love griz but i've seen him a couple times so i'm okay missing 15 or so minutes.
question was sherwood or jubilee to tripolee. that'll run you about 15-20 minutes if you're focused. fyi this was asked earlier today. don't forget to use the search bar, op!
can you elaborate? what kind of storm?
designate a meet up spot. either centralized or stage by stage depending on your planning/how much new info you can process. i'd also add that forest is gonna be packed with people who'd be willing to help you two find each other if need be so you both should feel comfortable asking for help. most importantly welcome &amp; happy forest!
you have the right idea. have him park where ever he's sent and bring the gear to your crew.
my opinion has never really gone beyond "this is fine." nothing against him, just never got into him but i usually check out new stuff to see what's up.
frameworks
actually saw a lot of negative reviews of zd.
opiuo rules and i dread bringing more conflict into my forest but it would be a (very) happy problem
yes but i don't care how tired you are it'll be impossible to stand still when he's on
gonna try to catch a few minutes between db &amp; lnr. conflicts am i right
really enjoyed that set last year. technical difficulties &amp; all. destiny's child remix ftw.
you could do a lot worse for a fest than moonrise
that is beautiful and i just by the username that you are a big lebowski fan - my favorite movie, i can and will quote the whole thing. the short answer is a combination of liberation from the constraints &amp; responsibilities of daily life and adventure with friends that i no longer get to see as much as i would like to
if i do indeed spot that i might miss a significant chunk of artists because i am too busy quoting the movie. this isn't nam, there are rules.
i can't wait. that intro mix turned me on to him!
my first
welcome to the forest!
the hype is only gonna grow once you've had a taste. glad you're finally making the trip!
i'm actually happy about this. i'm a fan of both porter &amp; nectar - these were my top 2 must sees - but i saw a lot of people disrespecting cheese fans in an effort to get close or whatever for nectar last year. didn't sit well with me &amp; the high level of community i've come to expect at forest. never seen porter so i'm gonna stay for the whole set. sucks missing 15 minutes of nectar (hopefully he's late going on again), but i was worried about them going head to head so this is much, much better.
seeing the expected attendance of sets would definitely help me decide on conflicts
it's also super greasy and will sit in your stomach.
we were all noobs at one point in time
i'm looking forward to being in the second wave aka the people who are staying for all of porter before making their way over to ranch
my hope is that this would be left to a separate, surprise set
yeash
some of us are in boston but our crew is from all around the mid atlantic area. i was pretty hyped for doomtree but i can't miss sts9. looking forward to atmosphere at pretty lights though.
W E L C O M E
home of that crazy weird turtle statue! and sorry no extra tix, can't sleep on aes, homie!
nah. it's only offered as consecutive years.
as a person who can pretty easily get to queens, i approve this
still on the schedule
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4odd8v/who_would_you_like_to_see_replace_ott/
omnitempomaximalism
i would probably drive as far as michigan to see something like that
cage the elephant tweeted the link prior to pl
curious what old tiesto was like. care to point me to a particular set you really liked?
S H O O K A
i wear a safari hat for sun protection but at night i can stick glow sticks in it
forest can be a cathartic experience. live in the moment. i am sorry for your loss and hope you find the peace you are looking for.
last year was beautiful. don't give up hope. maybe there's a little forest magic around the corner.
first forest? you'll have a blast that is for certain.
just saw gza last week so i think i'm gonna pass. all time favorite mc but conflicts, man.
we've already had phase 3 as well as phase 3.1 pal
much love
you can do anything with a kazoo ...partner
blueberries
came in to say rufus, louis the child and hermitude but after looking into odesza's no sleep playlist i will add: alina baraz, bonobo and lane 8 (they have an AWESOME remix of bloom).
oh yes pink elephants
bassnectar sts9 (friday) porter robinson daily bread griz
after savoy i saw a person that was stiff as a board get stretchered out. simultaneously saw a spun guy push over a light post and walked toward the light with his arms out.
saw both of these...really bothered me. glad to know she was conscious at least. and i did see security speaking with that guy afterwards.
did all of this after getting sick af last year. feel great today as a result.
that's how the curated events are structured
cannot say enough about the improvements to the lines to get in. waited maybe 40 minutes to get in day 1 (much better than 4 hour wait last year) and less than 10 minutes on the other days. handing out water on friday was super clutch too.
please, please do. left tchami after 40 minutes to catch griz but he was killing it to the point that i forgot my legs were dead.
it was exceptional. been a fan of porter for a while but i'd never seen him. there was a strange sense of nostalgia and connection that really moved me during that set. just a wonderful experience. plus he ended ~5 minutes early so i didn't miss a second of nectar.
i kind of wish the music in camping changed at 5/6 in the morning. play as loud as you want but downtempo would be nice.
same
pretty lights, aesop rock, emancipator, my morning jacket, tipper
best nectar set i have seen
thanks!
walked by it on my way to bonobo. heard almost no music, just diplo yelling instructions. not for me but i hope those that attended had a great time.
made my way to the observatory for the tsis secret set on friday and had a couple come up to me to ask who was playing. when i told the guy he was so excited he high fived me and wouldn't let go. he had a pretty intense look on his face and just started going UHHHHHHH as he was shaking my hand. it kind of caught me off guard so I told his gf to put her hand on top of ours to join in and the shaking got more intense. as soon as he snapped out of the trance he started apologizing. i told him not to worry about it and thanked him for adding to my forest experience. he thanked me for that and then gave me a kiss.
got tix for nh since i'm in mass. thinking hard about chicago too.
i have seen good/bad with all of those
heard panda at least 7 times. heard that song that has flux's i can't stop a couple times during bassrush.
that's awful. our group was in tesla as well and we were fortunate to avoid that garbage for the most part (one of us got a backpack/phone swiped early saturday morning).
skipping this for savoy was p much my only regret of the weekend. savoy wasn't bad but i really could've gotten down to this.
thank you! this set was an incredible experience so happy to have shared it with you all. so many people hugging and crying around me.
yes, yes, yes. plus that 300 sample in the opening song? good lord.
this was incredible. savoy had one too but sorry daily bread's took the cake.
couldn't have been worse than lindsey sterling last year
we watched that storm roll in and didn't/couldn't do anything about it till it started pouring. by then it was too late. rip canopies.
lmao
it'll probably end up costing the same as 2 slices
wish i saw this live. griz rules. i can't believe my friends bailed half way through his main set for beats antique.
wow love at first sight! saturday last year was my first set. unfortunately didn't get to see the extravaganza again this year, but i caught some of friday &amp; sunday to chill out in between all the electronic madness. always a good time.
hey there. i have a journalism degree myself and have had the very same feelings you're experiencing in the past. the wonderful thing about good writing is that everyone needs it! find an organization that speaks to you and that you're passionate about and inquire about positions in their news or communications department. it's not quite as hands-on, but capturing and spreading the message of people doing good can bring a sense of fulfillment. happy to chat on this further if you'd like!
everyone else was at griz?
i walked by on my way to bonobo and definitely had that thought
pure elation. from the artist. awesome.
i have it in a little chest with valuables. mine got really dirty and the fact that it was yellow didn't really help. it'd make my day to come across someone wearing a wristband, though.
me either. at a certain point it's less of a set and more simon says.
i was at that philly show too. caught him in boston on his next tour. each of the shows were great, forest was just the best for me.
no one personifies spurs under poch quite like lamela imo
agreed except for the last line and the reason being that bassnectar is a lot less accessible than griz (especially if you live in the north east).
one of my favorite players when i started following spurs
need this
eriksen was no slouch prior to joining spurs
being english only inflates his price in england, surely
chelsea bid 40 for modric &amp; he was sold for 30 iirc. dele being english doesn't have value elsewhere. and then there's the notion of directly strengthening a rival, which real is not.
pretty lights - so bright
this is a 2016 review (so part 2 of last season, part 1 of this season) but a good one https://www.spursstatman.com/articles/2017/1/2/tottenham-hotspur-2016-review-fighting-and-fairytales
rose is at least a strong candidate for spurs poty
true. i probably should've left off an o.
public relations
i would absolutely love some sort of orchestral music at forest - especially during the day when i'm not as hyped on hearing the womps and wubs. a disney tribute set would be dope.
this was a rather cruel piece. that being said, i do find watching janssen somewhat painful. i really, really, really want him to score...i am starting to feel bad for him.
minnesota wasn't at last year's forest &amp; neither was ott. i believe golf clap was a super late or unannounced addition so does that count?
imho there should be 11 in every week's
and forest too. aight lemme see those sweatshirts. here we go. one...two...three...zippppppppppppppp
i thought i heard them on my way to griz from tchami on sunday
totally fair. i wouldn't have complained either way.
you went to forest last year &amp; didn't realize there's more than electronic music?
yes yes yes
you're missing out on what makes mmj special if you don't see them live. i wasn't into them either before i saw them at a fest.
basically, lamela feels like the odd man out being the only spurs player not playing. fair. “Some of our staff is out there with Lamela and we hope that in a few weeks maybe he will be available again to be involved in the training sessions with the rest of the group.” ...few weeks? damn
saw him twice in '16 &amp; would put ef ahead of ezoo
personally i am hoping he makes up for it with a 2 night event in the north east this year
guessing there might be some noise ordinance restrictions up here that other areas aren't inhibited by
dembele's injured every other week &amp; yet when he's on the field he's super influential. coco's return will be a massive boost.
ok but any interest in loaning isco to spurs?
was simply comparing fitness. lamela would be in my 1st choice xi if spurs lined up 4231 &amp; possibly 3421 depending on the opposition. even if you don't think he's starting xi material why lose a potential impact sub who's proven to be effective &amp; is only 24?
i hope there's basically wholesale rotation...something like vorm trip - toby - wimmer - davies sissoko - winks - joshy son - janssen - gnk
and i will be voting for her to continue representing the commonwealth
is this the new to dare is to do
saturday was chris lorenzo b2b getter b2b ac slater iirc
you can never reveal the wu tang secret
possibly because pj stock promotes adult diapers
i like the way you work it / nodoukou i gotta bag it up
someone needs to inherit that hair throne
dele's 1st v chelsea or winsky v w ham. celebration's the reason for both.
when he's running he reminds me so much of messi (the manner in which he runs, not necessarily skill level)
he's no wanyama but lamela's no slouch at tracking back to break up play. i do think the opposition would have to come in to play on the formation/personnel decision, so fair enough.
i love the electronic/funk stuff but i'm not as crazy about big g as i was a couple of years ago. not really jonesing to hear the old stuff &amp; didn't dig the new stuff (listened to the album &amp; caught their lolla set). i imagine i'll be elsewhere during this set. hopefully waka flaka comes out for this.
u2 seems like a huge get but it seems less spectacular with them doing a tour...why go to bonaroo to see them when they'll come to your town?
someone tweeted at bassnectar network complaining about a lack of nectar tours after deadmau5 announced one. bass net replied something to the effect of "wait till you see what's in store for 2017..."
okee's the closest thing we got to basslights homie
or he just means at the various events he'll put on throughout the year
how many us teams do not celebrate their pennants/equivalent achievements with banners?
forest was my first fest
ah okay i misread then - thought all of it was describing the mets. definitely holds up now that you've clarified. sorry bout that
agreed. but sts9 &amp; griz were subheadliners last year so i wouldn't rule out someone of zd or pl's stature
they've been telling people on twitter all day that IF they're made available it'll be near the event date. i'm optimistic/pessimistic that tickets won't do well enough for them not to offer single days.
confirmed
also from mass. i'll definitely be there at least one day
i don't ski but i live super close so i'll likely be there. hoping he's playing saturday.
probably nothing in the first team but maybe they take a punt on a kid for the future
it's nice to finally have *something* but a fest =/= special event in terms of quality of the set
what a snowflake
no doubt
i think he'd fit the vibe of weekend 2
so we're due for one
advil
i'll be crying too...because it means they're done
people demand they make the nets bigger in hockey ever five minutes
yeah i was there for that crazy
the bar was fairly low
initially i was pretty critical of parents that brought kids to forest, mostly due to the adult activities that go on. eventually i realized that the kids were exposed to a lot of really positive things - community, empathy, compassion, openness, etc. - that you don't normally see in every day life. not sure i'd bring my kids but i fully support those who do.
https://twitter.com/Electric_Forest/status/823644061768806401
u 2 doug e fresh
number 1 seems a bit silly to me (the others i can understand). i go without my girlfriend because she's not into any part of forest. i'd love to have her come but i understand she wouldn't have as much fun as i do. i just consider it another layer of freedom from normality.
personality isn't super important to me but it definitely holds some weight. i don't bother with deadmau5 for that reason alone.
sweden, eh? i'll shut up about my 15 hour car ride then.
true. but it's 9 hours without stops, plus the hassles of the airport &amp; whatnot. are you by chance a fan of tre kronor?
leicester &amp; bayern seem off to me
i would welcome bronsolini...let him film an episode of fuck that's delicious in the camp grounds &amp; have forest fam feed him.
get coys tattooed on their foreheads
not crazy about this but you don't see aesop rock on many festival lineups. would love to see him do more.
sorry you feel that way
jealous of tipper &amp; friends
do you have anything to support that or just an educated guess?
shiba san is the only weekend 2 act giving me fomo but it's a hard fomo
hmm wishful thinking on my part i guess. and sure, if you're willing to share that i'd definitely appreciate it. i've only seen bits &amp; pieces of it.
he's close to returning to TRAINING
uh wow got a link?
ah well the extra time should account for getting through security. 6.5 hours...that's impressive.
i just want to hear him drop dark matter. that track is 2 hot 2 handle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynS1MjRC54E
i was blown away by her shamb set last year. can't wait
meanwhile im just sitting here waiting for that ep to drop
link isn't working for me
levitates
im gonna be so sad if yheti's there for weekend 2 only
gimme the easiest draw - allows spurs additional flexibility in rotation while still taking the competition seriously. yes i know this past weekend was a struggle, but if poch can rest some key guys for the benefit of the league campaign it's a win-win.
i'm the opposite. and it's excellent by the way.
always does a northeast event?
i was really hoping zd was the tbd act that turned out to be dillion francis
it is not a big concern to me - however i acknowledge that i am an american who's never visited whl &amp; most of our sporting venues have corporate names
how about somewhere that's not colorado
cheers
most likely...hoping he gets announced for saturday soon so i can buy my ticket
i consider you all my friends
bassnectar's catalog + tracks he plays is massive. that can't be the reason
yep that's fair. i can get behind that.
w1 gets breaking biscuits
electric forest hype just got kicked up a notch
and the celebration after the first one
plus mija &amp; nghtmre
catch me at ranch, crying my eyes out for 2.75 hours can't believe they're like 38th most popular for w1 on the forest app
cannot recommend them enough.
don't forget your toothbrush
same
if you don't look at the schedule or lineup every set is a secret set
i'm not a drinker so this suggestion was more for body soreness from all the dancing/walking/etc. but good addition
you talkin' u2 to me?
youtube
wasn't gjones &amp; bleep bloop on friday?
if you're sure then i believe you. just figured it would've been friday due to bassrush.
that is exactly how it goes, too. source: me
i've seen both &amp; would recommend lotus. flume is also playing forever so you could definitely try to catch (at least some of) both.
skipping odesza mostly because every set i've seen from them has been like 2015 (but not as magical). i know they have new music on the way but i haven't heard anything that makes me HAVE to see them &amp; i know i'll have plenty of opportunities in the future. i've only recently started getting into d&amp;b so i'm not super hyped on andy c but i want to see nero so i might as well be at tripolee.
ott has worked on most/if not all of shpongle's releases
after last year's observatory incident i hope all of the structures can support the crushing weight of the hype train
i differ with you since all of the odesza sets i've seen have been very similar. as much as i like odesza i'm probably going to skip them for that very reason. but different strokes &amp; whatnot.
was out of town and so bummed i missed this. lineup was STACKED
same. he's so goofy i can't help but laugh when he talks
i listen to this set like once a week
surprised it's that many with lotus + a&amp;b going h2h with this. but sj at the observatory is a no brainer for me.
figured as much but thanks
go to my morning jacket, which is at ranch
geodome
i agree with you. i like being in the back as well. i was just speculating on what op might be interested in.
lmao
thanks - i believe that's who we're renting from
ott, ott and ott
WHERE IS PAULINHO AND HIS 9 GOALS
during flume's set in 2015 he dedicated a biggie song to a friend whose birthday it was. as it so happens it was also *my* friend's birthday. it was as if flume was giving him a birthday shout out. forest magic at work.
yes. in poor health, though. missed the whl finale as a result. bit sad.
that wasn't my experience when i saw him a few months ago
i would also go with ott. one of my most anticipated sets
more like tooth tooth
ah okay i see what you're saying
definitely disheartening but it just seems like every time they churn out a tune lo gets excited and opts to include it on his next release.
do you live in a city?
crosses are a definite weakness though
same
one of the best undercard acts without a doubt
loved the decentralized set up too. i don't think i looked toward the stage once that weekend.
he mentioned that in his ama here as well
woolymammoth. if you like g jones &amp; eprom you should hit this set up
if he doesn't - friendship ended. now jim james is your best friend.
is, was and forever will be
hoping we get to hear this bad larry https://soundcloud.com/woolymammothofficial/woolymammoth-ella
dier also increases your likelihood of landing dele
absolutely
or leviathan. would love to hear aqua dementia at forest.
no
s'all good homie. just helping to clarify for those who want to know *how* soon
whoa whoa whoa dele at the pivot is not advised. why would you take one of the most skilled/creative players in the country and NOT put him in a position that maximizes his impact?
it'd be better if rl &amp; dj snake swapped. nectar/snake wouldn't have as much overlap and rl on saturday night sounds pretty tasty
ganja white night, youngsta, clozee, etc
not to pile on but you can love something and not know a lot about it. clearly op was trying to expand the knowledge.
rather not have thousands of people watching me get forest wild. if i knew i was being streamed it'd put a massive dent in me feeling liberated
use it freely my dawg
genuinely not remembering vs. ignoring
it doesn't matter if it's girls on shoulders, totems or tall people, i can't see much any way
yeah that's the breathless part of the equation
in my experience the people whose job it is to ask you not to set up a hammock in certain locations do so very nicely. it's all very civil so don't be a dingus if you're asked to move
love lamela but i hate that his progression has somehow planted false hope that it's repeatable/normal even when situations (i.e., his and sissoko's) are apples &amp; oranges.
if you do this, ef staff &amp; fellow foresters are really good about allowing you to caravan so you can set up camp next to each other. definitely a good option.
sherwood. it never seems as packed as ranch gets for the big acts, plus if you're lucky and can find a spot you can sit on the edge of the forest and listen to the music.
never had an issue with that. i usually bring a bag of meds in.
i thought the unreleased tracks were better than the ones he put out in the previews...waiting to hear them live before i further my opinions, though
this is my favorite type of nectar tune. hits these ones out of the park
correct. he was just commenting on the leak disrupting his planned 'unveiling' of the music.
park the rental wherever and then meet up with your friends. seems like the easiest option.
if you're solo, yes. but it seems like you have a dilemma.
upon further thread reading u/dirtymudder92 i thought you meant the single occupant pass when you said parking pass. parking comes with the camping pass &amp; if you got a homie with you it's no additional fee.
the weather forecast changes very quickly. what you're seeing now could be massively different from what plays out. hope you didn't actually sell your ticket for that reason.
yeah, weekend 1 is lucky to not have conflicts during bassnectar
up: voodoo, down: dubuasca
don't obsess over the schedule. you won't see everyone. you shouldn't plan to see everyone. pick out a few (and by that i mean *a few*) acts you really want to see and spend the rest of your day checking things out - whether it be new music or a spot off of the beaten trail in the forest.
welp now he's got deadlines to meet. so at least three more nectar releases this year - reflections pt. 2, naux faux &amp; g jones collab?
group camping is in ga so no issues
hopefully the first part indicated i knew what was up but i hit send early...meant "no issues"
they swapped it looks like
i'd be sad if i missed this. hope i'm in the venue in time...
how? they played in string cheese's usual spot
he was beatboxing in a golf cart on main st in front of maybe 15 people around 7 am on sunday morning. best surprise to stumble upon.
basketball hoop with the accompanying nerf ball
look at pretty lights' schedule. he's in colorado that weekend and is not flying out to maryland for the sunday date. sorry
after day 2
i'd love to see more talented, underground mc's get booked vs. those focused on energy
california...not sure where specifically, but ill.gates lives down the street
ayy we were too
really hope they do a better job updating attendees than they did last friday. had the app open with service and didn't get any updates. would be nice if they printed schedule updates and posted them at the entrance &amp; within the venue
do it with a sharpie on a sheet of paper. i don't need fancy, i just need info
i got the push notification about the update...just not what was updated (beyond the venue opening time). but a lot of people didn't even have that option due to phone issues (my friend with tmobile had minimal service all weekend).
i plan on spending some time outdoors hiking &amp; in a hammock. congratulations on the engagement! best wishes to you &amp; your finance.
dang, my condolences. two people in our group got phones jacked (out of tents they were sleeping in), another got a tent slashed.
can i offer you a nice egg in this trying time
yeah she's dope. excited she's on the basscenter lineup.
