Did you see Mark Henry last night? Dude must have lost like a hundred pounds!
#2
DMC went to UK. The most un-chill place in America for basketball. NYC won't phase him at all.
Ah yes, shut down people who like to continue talking kings basketball during the offseason. Brilliant idea!
Well then, my bad! Fuck that guy!
A neutral look should also have positive statistics
It's called the front page
He's disrespecting his team, the fans, and the game when he does that shit
School, healthcare, housing, and they pay zero tax. That is why people say that. They take more than they put in.
Give it 10 years, every single destroyer will have a laser and rail gun so all ICBM/S2S/A2S missiles will be rendered completely useless.
Of course you lost the weight, you put that alligator down!
If he had enough of a sensitivity to the force to use it, I'm sure Snoke or Kylo would have sensed it.
Except it literally says "MFW"
Are you seriously trying to claim that a government agency isn't bureaucratic sprawl? What world are you living in?
rekt
no ROH unless he gets elected into the HOF. Thems the tradition therefore, Thems the rules!
no way Pagan bats 3rd * Span * Panik * Duffy * Posey * Pence * Belt * Pagan * Crawford
better than an [ass clap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_nlQGGtNDM)
Fingers crossed for Battlefield: Spanish-American War
Remember that time she wore a sweater?
Bay Area? I think you are thinking of the armpit area
good, get that scumbag out of here
Cap is going to die, then get resurrected during Infinity War
He is not a citizen of the United States, he is a guest. He lied to authorities, he needs to be deported. The end. We need to have a zero tolerance policy about this shit. Edit: It also says, in the third paragraph, that he went to fight with TERROR groups.
Chris Evan has said recently that he will play Cap for as long as they keep asking him
Do you know what you are talking about? Assad is bad, but he's not our problem.
The National Guard is not a police force. The FBI is what you want.
He needs to prove that he can stay healthy and be more consistent at the plate. Then their relationship will improve.
That is very well written, and statistically correct. But it doesn't solve Belt's problem. His problem is that when people hear his name, they think "is he still hurt?" and "Is he hitting well or is he in a slump?" The biggest problem for me, is that from the second he came up, all we've heard is, he's the future, and this is going to be his breakout year. His other problem is that he is in a division with A-Gon and Goldscmidt. Compared to those 2, he is underachieving big time.
I get it, I hope he does well.
http://youtu.be/SYUEjtCV1Gc
Knowing Fox, they'll cancel both shows after 10 episodes.
As long as the classic eight teams don't want it (SF, STL, PIT, CHC, LAD, CIN, ATL, PHIL) it won't ever happen. Only the new franchises would vote for it(FLA, COL, ARZ, MIL, SD, NYM, WASH.)
Ah yes, local government, destroying free enterprise one city at a time!
We're talking about Denmark. Pretty much everything is a waste of tax dollars.
If I remember correctly, there is no love lost between Obama and Hillary. I think he'd let her burn.
No way, what-so-ever, does Rawlins come back. He is out until May at a minimum.
DB was cleared by doctors! Good chance he comes back.
They look like they are for a projector
Don't call them animals! Muslims are people too!
What's so stupid about this whole thing, is that the population of the United States that is African Anerican is 12.6%. Guess what percentage of Oscar winners since 2000? 13%. Zero controversy what-so-ever.
Avery jersey, Awesome!
Watching Avery play and antagonize was the single most enjoyable period of Rangers hockey in the last 10 years. So bravo!
Exactly, when I was 10 I could do 30 pull ups easy. Once I hit puberty, I was down to 5.
It's really bad actually. Politics should stay out of the Judicial branch.
lol, I agree, but you are in the wrong sub! Hive mind liberalism here. No room for conservative ideas!
It's no secret where to find tacos y burritos
Rick Santorum was in 6th place the week before and won Iowa. That's why they are all still in it.
National polls mean nothing, they call people who have never voted and will never vote. In likely caucus voter polls,Cruz is winning.
It's not racist to not want people who will not contribute a thing.
There is also no way the SCOTUS will take this case, so this should be law going forward
That's a lot of muslims
Gypsies
Yeah, I've known disable people who were dicks and could be like that because they knew no one would do anything. I guess you get a girl to smack him?
https://www.etsy.com/search?ref=auto3&amp;q=oasis+t+shirt&amp;order=most_relevant&amp;view_type=gallery&amp;ship_to=US
Were you saying that about Trayvon Martin and MICHAEL Brown? Because the media pulled that shit with those 2 also.
That's a screwball
Un-congrats to Crosby. Douche bag.
Gay
Try to put aside your feelings and look at the numbers. He also doesn't seem like an unlikeable dick.
That one might be inappropriate!
I can see that, but the guy takes batting practice every day just like everyone else. Plus in BP he rakes.
Where is Arias when you need him?
Reliable when he is not using knives you mean
Aren't all pictures of clouds once in a lifetime?
Just use the time to make a pof and okcupid profile and start the healing process by banging some hotties!
Waaaa, get a new job. Flipping burgers is a starter job, for kids. Not a 30 year career!
They haven't. Do you know how much of a need there is for welders, or plumbers, or electricians? After 10 years they'd be pulling down 60-80k easy. But by doing that you have to work hard. By doing that you aren't perpetuating mediocrity.
What? if they serve breakfast they are open from 5/6am and dont close until 10/11pm. That is if they arent already open 24/7
I think so, if anything it's just because he married Steph
The point is, that a kid that hasn't graduated highschool can do the job. Literally anyone can do the job. Since anyone can do the job, the job has NO value. That is why it isn't worth any money
No, it will basically stop illegal immigration by crossing the boarder.
He did follow through http://www.conchovalleyhomepage.com/news/trump-to-account-for-veterans-donations
I'll have "molested by my uncle" for $200 Alex!
Oh god, so many things. The burger makers do have value. The bare minimum. Just like a bagger, just like a buss boy. Any idiot can do the job, which means any idiot will do the job. Because anyone can do the job, there is zero training involved. NO SKILL which translates to NO MONEY! It's how life is. If someone is too dumb or too lazy? It's not the governments job to pick winners and losers. It's the governments job to make sure people have equal opportunities, not equal results. Your argument about not going to places is a fallacy. I go to an establishment based on the product, not the people working there. I could give 2 craps about who or what is making my burger. Your cry for a living wage, which can and will be done by a robot, is literally going to make thousands and thousands of jobs disappear. It's already cost hundreds of jobs in Seattle. https://www.aei.org/publication/minimum-wage-effect-from-jan-to-sept-seattle-msa-restaurant-jobs-fell-700-vs-5800-food-jobs-in-rest-of-state/
Gibraltar belongs to England. They even had a vote on it in 2002. So Spain or the EU would have to physically take Gibraltar away. And that's not going to happen.
&gt; Copy paste from other reply to this; &gt; Because Catalan want's to secede from Spain and become and independent nation. Spain will do everything it can to stop this, and independent Scotland joining the EU would give Catalan a precedent - the Spanish will not allow this, thus veto Scotland.
Gibraltars importance is not its connection to Spain, it's that it is the entryway to the Mediterranean. Britain would gladly airlift supplies to do this. Plus, Spain does not have a big enough pair to try a blockade.
I doubt it's gone from 95% remain to 51% leave.
That's what they said about airlift West Berlin. Plus it's only a 1300nm boat trip. All I'm saying, is that it's possible. And that the UK has zero to worry about.
There are 40,000 unelected beaurocats in Brussles
Of course it's true. With free movement, the U.K. was accepting 3x as many immigrants as 10 years ago, with the majority of them coming from the poorest of the member states.
All of the financial stuff is a knee-jerk reaction due to the unknown. It will stabilize and the U.K. will be better in the long run.
My point is that those are British bureaucrats dictating policy to other British people. Not non-British people dictating policy to British people.
I agree. I'd like to know how many of those M-E immigrants come directly from their country, or gain citizenship to an EU member state and move to GB for the benefits.
Writing their own laws reason is stupid because I believe the UK has veto power. So any law coming out of the EU could be shut down if the big wigs wanted it to. The UK will be stronger fiscally because they will not be on the hook for Greece and Spain, and Italy, and whatever other country decides to run their selves into the ground. The EU and Obama threatening to pull away financially is all mumbo jumbo. London is arguably one of the financial capitals of the world. That is not going to just disappear. And like I said, the financial problems of the Pound dropping and the markets dropping is just uncertainty of the future. The security question is easier. The UK won't have to be the de facto protector of Europe any more, just because they have a military and aren't afraid to use it, even though they will continue to do it. Plus now their borders will be more secure because people can't just come and go anymore. Plus, lets be honest. There is zero logical advantage to allowing a 30 year old man who has lived off the governments teat in Greece his whole life, to be able to move to the UK and start living of their teat just because the benefits are better. The last reason is the most controversial but true. Culturally the UK will be stronger. A national identity and culture is a very important thing to a prosperous nation. So stopping the influx of 300,000 immigrants a year and cutting it by 60-70% will allow the UK to continue to be the UK and not just another part of Europe. I think a huge part of this whole Brexit thing was that English people started to no longer recognize their country any more. From KFC changing to all Halal chicken, to the thing in Rotherham, England where they turned their back on the child sex ring out of fear of being called racist. Then there is Londonistan. When people see huge changes really fast, they freak out. I hope this helped explain it a little
Exactly, So the UK decided to not participate anymore
In 2010, the House of Commons library published a [comprehensive analysis](http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/RP10-62#fullreport) of the variety of ways this percentage can be calculated. There are difficulties with all measurements, but it concluded "it is possible to justify any measure between 15% and 50% or thereabouts". So, I mean, the 60% wasn't way off of what could be true? lets look at it objectively and meet in the middle. 32.5% of British sovereignty was decided by non British people. To me, that's a huge problem. Not as much as say 60%, but political lying is literally the way things are done. I have a bigger problem with the stay people crying racism as the reason for Brexit.
Private or home school. If they go to public school, it's over
well, they do.....
What's a dick butters?
And the US military seems to be 100% of the worlds policing force. THAT, is disproportionate.
The problem with that is If the US doesn't police the world, then Russia or China do it and the US loses power and influence
Anti-fascists? Causing physical harm against people to stop them from expressing their permitted right to assemble is fascism at its core. Edit autocorrected fascism to racism. Fixed
Hate speech is protected under the first amendment. Who told you it wasn't?
the fascists were caught on camera chasing reporters, beating people with sticks, and more than one Neo-Nazi got stabbed. The fascists came looking for a fight and found one.
I'm sorry, were they looting, harassing anyone, fighting people? No. I completely do not agree with their message, but they have a constitutional and god given right to liberty. In this case, liberty is represented in their freedom of speech and freedom to assemble peacfully.
Way to pick and choose. The fighting words doctrine applies to one individual saying something to another individual. The court has continued to uphold the (fighting words) doctrine but also steadily narrowed the grounds on which fighting words are held to apply. In Street v. New York (1969),[3] the court overturned a statute prohibiting flag-burning and verbally abusing the flag, holding that mere offensiveness does not qualify as "fighting words."" Also, "In R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul (1992), the Court overturned a statute prohibiting speech or symbolic expression that "arouses anger, alarm or resentment in others on the basis of race, color, creed, religion or gender" on the grounds that, even if the specific statute was limited to fighting words, it was unconstitutionally content-based and viewpoint-based because of the limitation to race-/religion-/sex-based fighting words." And, "In Snyder v. Phelps (2011), dissenting Justice Samuel Alito likened the protests of the Westboro Baptist Church members to fighting words and of a personal character, and thus not protected speech. The majority disagreed and stated that the protester's speech was not personal but public, and that local laws which can shield funeral attendees from protesters are adequate for protecting those in times of emotional distress." So do a little reading before you spout your utterly biased bullshit.
Having an off shore tax haven isn't against the law but it's morally unsound at the least.
I'll give her the ole "downward dog"
Shut up, loser
Of course it looks like that to you because you are a fucking douche
That reminds me. I gotta go take a Develin.
If I were the pope I'd be free-ballin it every day
I don't think anyone is talking about having it revoked. People are voluntarily giving it up.
Shut up
Yeah, Its fucking Buffalo. Enough said, douche bag
We invented the telephone, we'll call it whatever we want.
It's gone away. It was super common in the 60's
It still primarily means pound if you are older than 25.
Yay, I'm a llama again!
Where did this come from. It isn't part of the fappening is it?
Why would they be inexperienced?
Does this mean Chinese men are actually niggers?
Just this one?
Nice try, mr small hands from that Burger King commercial.
What a salty fucking douche. Did this idiot get turned down for an interview or something? He even resorted to, "oh yeah, well, you have stupid hair." Fuck off, asshat.
Let's be honest. In 2010 Wikileaks did reveal internal classified cables from diplomats that could have really damaged the US. To me that wasn't a liberal vs conservative issue.
Shit! Ground and pound like a mofo! Not saying it was the right thing to do, but dayyyyyyyyyyumm!
Good find. But "Shooter" is not a Netflix series!
Whatever, Dr. Evil. I'm on to you.
It became political the second they released any documents. I don't get what you are saying.
It's decent. I'll just leave it at that. A solid 6/10
It was a hoax because he painted pro-Trump graffiti on the church.
What do you say to the 200 million Americans whose insurance rates have tripled and quadrupled because of Obamacare? Id say, sorry. Medicaid existed before and it will exist after. Obamacare literally Fucked over the vast vast majority of Americans so a select few could be covered. Not to mention, men have to pay for woman's care and women have to pay for men's care. Not saying that good things didn't come out of it. I think anyone under 18 should be covered, and I think that no one should be turned down because of pre-existing conditions. But the entire thing is a mess that could have been solved with a simple Medicaid education program.
Oh, were you able to find the sources?
No. They will be just like the government. Once they have their hooks in you, they won't let go. And I do disagree with taking out the profit. When you take out the profit, you also take out the competition. So now instead of extremely smart people becoming brain Surgeons, they will choose another career field. We live in a capitalist society. More competition will theoretically help drive down the cost. So will Price transparency from insurance providers and hospitals/doctors, and opening up the possibility to get less from overseas. It's all about competition. People also won't be thrown off healthcare. Block Medicaid grants to the states will be made so these people can be folded back into the state system. The individual states know what's best for their own citizens. Also the Feds can threaten regulation if the prices don't go down. I know that is anti-capitalist, but the prices have to go down somehow. Any time the government backs anything, it gets more expensive. Example: Student loan backing caused school prices to skyrocket. Health insurance backing caused prices to skyrocket.
I think they should find a way to have Kylo kill her
What CNN are you watching? It's gotten as bad as MSNBC
She is so tiny and adorable I just want to put her in my shirt pocket
What the hell are you talking about? He hears a couple a week, just like Obama does.
A micro penis for her micro vagina. Perfect match!
Those are the rate hikes that have everything to do with what is wrong with Obamacare and nothing to do with what is going on in the picture above. In some states the rate hike was 100%
Awesome
You are so full of shit. This rate hike was scheduled years in advance. Stop fucking lying.
This is how I know you are full of shit. The rates have gone up dramatically every single year since Obamacare was made into law. EVERY YEAR! This year is no different. Jan 1st is when all healthcare rates change. I'm sorry you were in 6th grade when this law was passed, and know no other way but with Obamacare. Health rates have always gone up by a few bucks a year, as far back as I can remember, and at least since 1998 when I was 18. But the second Obamacare became law, everyone's rates skyrocketed. Mine went up 300% in the last 6 years. So don't sit there and act all high and mighty and try to blame the current outrageous cost on anything but the fact that because of Obamacare, everyone suffered so that people can have coverage that can't afford it. If you still don't believe it read these: From April 26th 2016: http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/04/21/Get-Ready-Huge-Obamacare-Premium-Hikes-2017 Here is one from DEC 8th 2015: www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2015/12/08/obamacare-premiums-are-on-the-rise-but-dont-blame-insurers/ So fuck your smug attitude. I've actually felt and read all about this shit monstrosity called Obamacare.
Tens of billions for a tangible thing is a cost I'm willing to take. Better than the hundreds of billions wasted in the form of the stimulus package.
Your are not going to read the facts? Then you are not only a fool, but a closed minded asshole too. Good luck living in your bubble, lying piece of shit
Healthcare, school, and food are taken care of by the government until the person is 18. Then it is their responsibility to fend for themselves. Why is there a seeming lack of personal responsibility on the left?
Can you imagine how expensive items would be world wide if our military wasn't as big and bad as it is? We are basically the only ones enforcing international maritime laws.
But why are you going to school or learning a trade? To benefit your neighbor? No, it's to benefit your self. So you should incur the costs associated with that. And, if it is so expensive to go to school, and you will never be able to pay back your student loans, maybe you shouldn't have gotten that LGBT studies or philosophy degree. Those benefit not one person but the person getting the degree. I feel we do work together for basic things. That is why we are ALWAYS there for each other when things go bad and why we are without a doubt the most generous country in the world. But working together for basic things and giving people things for free are way different from each other. Do you get what I'm saying? Sorry if it's convoluted.
We'll have to agree to disagree. I don't think we should screw over the vast vast majority of people to help the few(Obamacare)
His entrance music is epic!
What does that even mean?
US government: it was a routine exercise by a weather balloon. Nothing to see here. Chilean Government: We don't know what the fuck this thing is. Anyone? Comment below what you think this is.
This article somewhat explains the economic impact http://www.aei.org/publication/5-ways-the-us-navy-marine-corps-and-coast-guards-global-presence-matters-right-here-at-home/ I'll be honest, it's difficult to actually give a cost/benefit analysis because the US Navy has been dominant for 80 years now. So all we can do is guess as to what the impact would be. I've always been a firm believer in expect the best, prepare for the worst.
Agreed. The average salary of a federal civilian is $86K. Times that by 2.1 million and we spend $180 billion a year on wages. $86 K is waaaaay too much. I would love a 30% pay cut across the board. If the workers don't like it. They can quit. I'm sure they can find replacements from the approximately 20 million working age people who have given up looking for a job.
Who's celebrating?
That is still on the other side though.
We need to take all of these Christian refugees. The rest of the Muslim world can harbor the Muslim refugees.
Anarchists are on the far right of the spectrum
Appropriate Adjectives are against the rules? There's your lack of free speech
There was a dude on Tucker Carlson on thurs or Friday night trying to start a campaign to get Trump impeached because a) he isn't admonishing Russia, and b) he doesn't fully believe the intelligence reports. So yeah, it is a smear campaign
I remember watching that live. First time I realized what a cunt he is.
Friendly female? Does that mean she's a hooker?
Here's an article about 20 times that it has happened: http://whatculture.com/wwe/20-times-wwe-title-changed-hands-on-a-house-show?page=1 And the guys need to sell shirts. 1 live event = 15-20K fans. 5 house shows = 15-20k fans doubles their merch take.
No, anarchism is on the far right. The further left you go, the more you want government in your life. The further right you go, the less you want government in your life. Anarchy comes from a Latin word meaning "no ruler." So self rule is in the far far right
Anarcho-communism? That's an oxymoron.
I know that the soviets and Cuba aren't true communists. But what you described as what anarchists want is akin to the soviets calling what they had as communism. Anarchy is just that. No laws, every man for himself. Community be damned. Also, main state be abolished and have local communes govern themselves? That is a very conservative point of view.
I called him a cunt, not a fucking cunt, jeez
How old is this photo?
Dude, the only reason conservative people want to live here is because of the weather. It has a terrible business climate, the nanny state is everywhere(between 700 &amp; 800 new laws on Jan 1st), crime is out of control, and environmentalists have taken over the legislature to name a few. I don't know what you are smoking, wait yes I do.
If we don't, they can't do dick
Since when do union dues go to pay your own pension? The right to work laws are great because you now have a say as to whether or not you support an organization who only leans one way politically, and you have zero say in the fact that they spend that money on political ads supporting a candidate you might not agree with. Unions had a place in history. An important place. But those times have completely passed us by. The Feds now have regs in place.
The only parts I want saved are the pre-existing conditions, and children being covered but only till 18. The rest can get thrown out.
No, NPR was defending the black kids that kidnapped and tortured the disabled kid. They have gone off the deep end. PBS is full on the PC train. Sesame Street has a trans character for god sakes. So yeah, they are pretty far to the left
The only answer that matters
Here is an article about how we should have a discussion about if they are racist or not. http://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2017/01/09/508607762/a-dscomfitting-question-was-the-chicago-torture-case-racism I wish I could find more but I'm busy, but any site that post a semi-serious article about white guilt is not conservative in the least
Here is a poll from super liberal VOX about LGBT rights: www.vox.com/platform/amp/2016/5/24/11746086/transgender-bathrooms-poll-survey Here is a poll stating that the majority of Americans want TG people to use the bathroom of the gender that is on their birth certificate: reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKCN0XI11M http://www.gallup.com/opinion/polling-matters/191774/disentangling-attitudes-toward-transgender-bathroom.aspx It is a mental disorder. And should be treated as such
What the hell does that have to do with race relations?
She is 43 and a mother of 4. My mom had 4 kids and looked like a dumpster fire at 43. She is perfect
Nah, our sub fleet would stop any invasion in its tracks. With 290K active personnel and a mandatory 1 year conscription, it would be a tall order. Taiwan has literally been prepping for this for years.
Honestly, because it's your choice to go to college. You could go into the workforce.
I don't know. I just know that the only part of the pre-Obamacare insurance situation that sucked was the pre-existing issue. Or an insurance company being able to drop you after you have cancer or another major illness. That's fucked up
Not too different than before. You had no insurance, you have to go to the emergency room, you get a $100K bill, you can't pay so you file for bankruptcy, the hospital passes the cost onto the consumer
Because at 18, you can also join the military, or enter a trade. I should in no way pay for your decisions past my natural duties such as paying taxes for national defense
Im not saying we wouldn't be in a pickle. I'm just saying that there is no way that would happen
True, let's wait and see how he performs once he is actually president.
Still, not my problem.
Take California out of the picture, and Trump won by 3 million votes. So yes, it was an absolute landslide for Trump. The leanings of the ultra liberal most populous state in the union is not indicative of the rest of the country.
I'm ok with a pendulum. It's important. If one party or ideology controls power for too long it corrupts them. Just look at Europe. In looking at the political landscape though, this election for me was more about that Supreme Court seat more than the Presidency. A conservative/constitutional SCOTUS has been the only thing keeping us from going off the edge for years.
I think Trump gets a bad rap for a lot of things. His charitable work for inner city youth in NYC is amazing. His rapport with the construction workers on his building sites is great.(something he learned from his dad.) But in General, I think that if he was less bombastic and more like able, he would have never even got the nomination.
Technically, the Senate is out of session for 5 minutes when the new people come in. During that 5 minute recess, Obama technically has the authority to appoint someone to any open position. If it is for the SCOTUS he will eventually have to go through confirmation, but it's not immediate.
The point is, dickhead, that the system worked. So suck it. You better hope to god that Trump doesn't treat the office with the disrespect that Obama did.
Every single thing you mentioned, happened before he has taken the oath. You are trying to write history before it has happened. I'm talking about once he is in office. - Obama spent the first year in office apologizing and bowing to foreign leaders. - He rammed through a bill (ACA) that 60% of Americans didn't want. - Crimea happened - His Lind in the sand over Syria - Benghazi and Libya in general - worse Race relations caused by him. - the ransom he illegally paid to Iran - Hillarys private email server that he lied about knowing of - Ising the IRS and DOJ to target his political foes - $1 billion Solyndra debacle - the record high number of people who are no longer in the workforce but able to work - No yearly GDP growth over 3% for the first time since WW2 - Turning the military into a social experiment. - unconstitutional use of executive authority to write laws to purposefully circumvent congress. I can name you a ton more that happened under his watch. WHILE HE WAS IN OFFICE. Who gives a fuck about before he was in? He has no respect for the American people, the office, or the Constitution for which he has sworn to defend. After Trump becomes President, I'll be the first to stand up and cry foul if it needs to happen. Until then, calm your tits
I also brought up dumpster fires
Him?
Word
It's kinda faster at the federal level. 15 years as of 2012
That doesn't happen much these days. Because of shows like CSI, unless there is an eye witness or DNA evidence, it is nearly impossible to get a capital murder conviction
Good thing the death penalty will never go away at the federal level
I'm sorry, is this news to you?
I wish I had a source. I heard a prosecutor talking about it on tv a couple years ago.
That's a lot of lgbtbbq studies degrees out in the wild
No, it isn't in line. It was a shit political move meant to symbolizing the end of race politics. He fucking failed.
If it wasn't for Gerrymandering, minorities would be at a distinct disadvantage
That's who gerrymandering has benefited the most, so of course it's a factor
The pee story itself didn't happen though because Trump was in California with his family on the date specified
I believe in an earlier Horizon trailer, we find out that it takes place a couple thousand years in the future. Kill one takes place in the 24th century. So it could be leftovers from that war for sure.
Billy May-ness here for elbow surgery!
That's one sexy bag 'o' potatoes
I'm not your buddy, guy
My bad, it was Cohen who was supposed to have been there, said that he has never been to Prague or Russia.
I can't believe how bat shit crazy r/politics has become. I wish for a civil war sometimes to cull the degenerates.
I hear you, but there is a huge difference between protected speech, and what buzzfeed and CNN did.
"There are several ways a person must go about proving that libel has taken place. For example, in the United States, the person must prove that the statement was false, caused harm, and was made without adequate research into the truthfulness of the statement. These steps are for an ordinary citizen. For a celebrity or a public official, the person must prove the first three steps and that the statement was made with the intent to do harm or with reckless disregard for the truth, which is usually specifically referred to as "proving malice". Check, check, check, check, and check
The climate causes droughts, and politicians cause water shortages
Absurdly strict? I think it is 100% a disqualifying factor
They can't stop, because Foxnews, WSJ, and conservatives blogs will take all the traffic and make all the money.
It is so huge, it seems more like an interceptor
I thought AWACS had counter measures. Like blocking signals that basically create a dead zone. The enemy would know something was there, just not what exactly.
Being a vegan
Let's start with the times he wouldn't have died, that will be faster
Are you really using a poll from 6 years ago from a tiny New Jersey college as proof?
It's really not about that. What it's about is how we all now know how unreliable polls about politics are. Most of them have completely lost credibility in the eyes of the majority of America. Also, I did a Google search too. And the majority of those polls, come from Huffpo, or The NY Times, or CNN. Of course they are going to say that. It's like the Yankees coming out and saying that they did a poll and the majority of Americans hate the Red Sox more than the Yankees.
Because of the gains at every level of Federal and State government. That's why
Since 2008, democrats have lost almost 900 seats nationwide. It's a complete repudiation of liberal ideals. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/jan/25/cokie-roberts/have-democrats-lost-900-seats-state-legislatures-o/
I'll continue my policy of telling them to suck on one.
Only the hard numbers. Percentages aren't
Basically, the F22 replaces the F15 and The F35 replaces everything else. Including the F16.
I saw her in the Tonight Show. She is starting to look like Skeltor
Oh really? Don't you mean 33%?
No, it will be rainbow colored, homos
You want Swagger to be relevant again, let's start with him getting his old theme music back.
I really wish reddit would kick out the mods of r/politics. They actively push one side of politics. It's pretty ridiculous.
It's a mental illness.
It's medical term is called vegan-itis
The major part of the VA scandal happened in his district. He served his country, but it's time for him to go
Even worse, they had to change the plans, and it is now just a regular train.
When is the last time an anti-Muslim hate crime turned out to be true?
Jesus Lauer, grow a pair already.
CAIR is about to be kicked in the ass when the Muslim Brotherhood is labeled a terrorist organization. I can't wait to see them try to defend them.
It is getting taken down. Nbd
Reagan said "he could answer to charges of illegality but couldn't answer to the charge that 'big strong President Reagan passed up a chance to free the hostages'" That's the difference. There was zero chance the sailors last year were going to be long term hostages. And Reagan's actions didn't give Iran nuclear weapons.
Some posts? Try all posts
Here is the thing about that. Every time there is a fake one, it's national headlines before it's proven fake. So a real one would be an even bigger story.
But if they are going to do what they do (delete any post that shines a bad light on any democrat) they don't need to be a default sub.
They need to start allowing posts that put democrats in a bad light. Sticky one of each at the top and let the readers decide.
You like hard hitting news.....like CNN. Give me a break.
Going out kicking and screaming like a fucking baby
There is literally zero chance that voters will approve of a hike like this. It's political suicide even in this state.
I think I've heard her say that a bunch Edit: oops that Laura Ingram. Different blonde chick, same network
Funny, but not appropriate
The bow tie was holding him back
They could honestly do this by cutting redundant programs, and consolidating others
And that kids, is how we get lice
R/gifsthatendtoosoon
He also yelled that we are "not a compassionate country." Apparently he doesn't know that Americans are by far the most generous in the world when it comes to charitable donations. "Charitable giving by individuals as a percentage of GDP in America was recorded at 1.44%." That is not only the biggest amount, but the most by percentage by almost 50% over NZ which is next at .77%. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/america-new-zealand-and-canada-top-list-of-world-s-most-generous-nations-a6849221.html
I never said it was capitalism, but Major financial success isn't for the average. it's for the exceptional.
As a business owner, I do what is best for my business. Long and short term. I don't have the time or money to worry about my employees situations outside of work. If they don't like the wages I offer, they can go find another job. Just like any employee.
Do it! Don't let their political beliefs dictate your response. If they shun you they weren't really your friends in the first place.
By ravishing, do you mean high as a kite?
Right back to race. Broken fucking record douche-canoe
Every single one of those women recanted their claims after it came out that they were paid to accuse him. Take your shit somewhere else
Wait, the reality TV guy? The hotelier? That same Trump?
You have to have 2/3 (64) of the senate vote for the Supreme Court. The secretaries only need a simple majority(51).
You can't remove that without amending the constitution. That's why they didn't do it.
You are right, you just need 2/3 to prevent a filibuster
Have you ever played qbert? That's how.
Here, dickhead. Here is a source from your beloved NPR. She used I'm with her as an official campaign slogan but replaced it: http://www.npr.org/2016/08/08/489138602/trump-comment-gives-clinton-a-campaign-slogan-with-layered-meaning
There's your problem. The double decker doesn't need a reboot cause it's fucking bomb-diggity! In fact, off to Taco Bell!
Carters biggest flaw was that he came right before one of the greatest of all time.
Neither is 99% of what they do
I never said it was ok.
What do you mean soon?
Probably strategy. He has 4 years until reelection, the house has 2 years. He can and will take the heat and it won't affect him.
Planned parenthood pulls a huge profit every year. Like $120 million. They do t need government funding to operate
Nonpartisan? What the fuck are you talking about? The dude is a fucking socialist. He is actively trying to destroy suburbanite living, so his socialist utopia where everyone lives in the city and takes the train or rides their bike to work, can come to pass. He has also done nothing to stop the exodus of businesses leaving CA. It's now at 10,000 since 2008. He is a fucking train wreck
On their own. That's where.
I have an easy solution. Fund NPR and PBS. But every dollar they make over the government funding gets refunded to the treasury.
It is because it is not the Federal governments job. The constitution dictates a mandate for the government and spending money on art is not in there. Let the States do it. The other part is that I personally don't want my tax dollars spent on something objective as art.
That's horse shit. Because the profit doesn't come from the government means it's ok for it to exist? It doesn't matter where the profit is coming from. If there is a surplus at all, just like any federal program, they should lose that funding the next year. But especially in this case, the Feds and the people of America should not be forced to fund an organization that does abortions. We can spend that same money on organizations that give cheap women's health care who don't do abortions.
They? How dare you assume the pronouns of the marchers
HA! The average Federal non military salary is $86K/yr. they can afford to pay what people in the private sector pay.
Thank you. Not one person I've ever met, hates immigration or immigrants. It's illegals that they hate.
How can you even know that? You state it as a fact, even though it's all supposition. Trump will just make individual deals with individual countries.
Why can the power not still be in our hands with individual deals?
Add in potential growth to that and if the growth is strong enough, it would work
Why do you say he distrusts other countries? He does deals all over the world. That's his thing. Let's try to see what he does to judge him? I predict that he will just make individual deals
r/politics is so far left, they make Che Guevara blush
Ummm, just call the bank and cancel the check.
Bat flipping has no place on this team
Is that what you would have told the railroad in the 1800's?
So an environmental argument? Blarg
Unfortunately it was a body double:(
But it's Fox! That means it will get cancelled after 12 episodes
That is authoritarianism
I'll say this every single time. Bat flipping has absolutely no place on this team.
To me, that's what downvoting is for. It's ok
Your not changing immigration numbers comes from where? Once people realize that it isn't as easy as walking across the border, and knowing that we will enforce immigration laws, the flow will all but stop. The last 8 years, they have known that all they have to do is get here. That has driven an exodus. http://www.fairus.org/publications/the-fiscal-burden-of-illegal-immigration-on-united-states-taxpayers Just educating the children of illegal immigrants costs $52 billion a year. So just stopping that pays for the build and $500 million maint costs for the next 50 years.
His website used to say a complete ban on sending money to Mexico. It was to force the Mexican govt to pay for the wall or lose their de-facto welfare system.
Stop the anchor baby policy
The main issue isn't being ignored. Part of the executive order is new biometric visas to make sure we know where visa holders are And here's the source: dailycaller.com/2016/09/14/new-estimate-shows-it-costs-nearly-44-billion-to-educate-illegal-aliens-annually/
Congress can pass a law and the case can be heard for the first time since the 1800's. their verdict at the time was widely panned.
All crimes are already published and available. He is just aggregating a list of the ones illegals do.
Seriously, if the UN doesn't like it, you know what they should do? https://youtu.be/084irEAQrLQ
If the US had political influence in the UN, North Korea wouldn't have ever been on the human rights council
So everything just falls apart?
They all live in Oakland, duh
But, obstructionism is congress' job.
Who the fuck is the wall keeping in? Are you retarded?
Lol, in CA they don't ask for shit when you vote. Just your name.
I'd say at least a million. In 2012 North Carolina announced that they found 35,000 cases of voter fraud or 7,777 per 1 million people. Average that out over the 128 million people who voted, it comes to a little less than a million. Not enough for Trump to claim a popular victory, but more than enough to bring a heavy spotlight to more restrictive voter ID laws
Well good. Don't let their principled door hit them in their principled asses on the way out.
No shit
The Untouchables kicked ass and took names while tearing down Capone's business.
The tariff would be temporary, I think it's mostly to extort the money out of Mexico for the wall. Also, I don't think we should make our policy based on whether or not it hurts Mexico.
HA, you think the US gives a shit about the WTO? They care until they choose not too. Then they tell them to go fuck themselves.
The WTO has no say over what goes on in the US. They can bitch and moan all they want, but who cares
Because so far he has done nothing of what he said he would do? Bro, all he has done in the ONE week he has been in office is do exactly what he said he would do.
It's like you don't know how to listen. Trumps executive orders are mandates to the departments u see his direct control to start or continue programs that exist. Obama tried to actually write laws. Big difference.
Call the waaaambulance and get this guy some fucking French cries. Go back to r/communism
Uh, no. Congress is, if they would just grow a backbone and defund the executive branch when they overstep
It's all guessing. Don't make proclamations like you can see the future.
My grandparents on my moms side couldn't be more different ideologically. But they fell in love with the person the other was. They realized a very long time ago that politics were just one thing they would never agree upon so they stopped talking about it. They were happily married for almost 60 years before my grandfather passed.
Saying that what she said is bullshit isn't exactly cursing her out. Now, if he called her a cunt, then there's a problem.
Build a fucking wall, duh
More Christian refugees, no Muslim refugees.
I'm not talking about just refugees.
Anything will be better than his terminator entrance https://youtu.be/_v6qGfZj14k
Because the vast majority of Muslims from other countries believe in some sort of sharia law. http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/22/muslims-and-islam-key-findings-in-the-u-s-and-around-the-world/ Their customs and their way of life is not compatible, and as we've seen, they will come here and demand we change.
Christian biblical law, in regards to the modern Judeo-Christian value set that the US has, closely matched the beliefs of 75% of al Americans. http://www.gallup.com/poll/187955/percentage-christians-drifting-down-high.aspx Also, Christian law doesn't make it a point to make women second class citizens, Doesn't make it a crime to not kill gays people, and doesn't make it ok to have 9 year old sex slaves.
You think the crazies are running the Republican Party? Did you see the debate for DNC chair? That's the definition of crazy.
First off, it would never happen. Mostly because of the constitution, but also because of the strategic importance of CA to the Navy. The poll says 1/3 but the poll was done by someone in Berkeley. So put that real number at 15-20%. To your second point, if it ever became a reality that CA were to actually leave, you'd have 25 counties, which hold all the water, willing to fight to stay. There is no chance in hell the police would strong arm anyone, and CA would no longer have a military to enforce anything. It could very well become a boiling point of sorts. It was just announced that if Trump withholds money from the sanctuary cities, CA might look for a legal loophole to withhold all tax payments to the treasury. This is how governors get arrested and martial law imposed. It could turn into an absolute hell hole.
I can just imagine Hardwick at the urinal, pants on the ground, shirt up above his nipples, looking over at you next to him and saying, "So, do you have Comcast?"
That's kind of the reason. You are basically giving this kid a free pass. Neither the child or the parents are legal and you just have the kids an easy path towards a green card. With that green card can come citizenship and the parents can get a green card too. Now that they have those, they skipped a huge line and skipped paying a lot of money. It really is super unfair to the people doing it the right way.
Why is choosing who you want in the country pathetic?
It is the same thing, we can just hope he won't puss out and undo it when he leaves
This. I'm sorry, but Muslim values do not correlate with American values. I'd rather we put pressure on the Saudis, or Egypt to take them.
I see this as an extra layer so people can't go "visit" Syria or other countries and get radicalized.
Here is the problem. If you give blanket green cards, you just massively tipped the political scales in this country.
He has 2 4 star generals in his cabinet. I think he feels he can just rely on them.
A) dude has been in office for 1 WEEK. We have no idea if Mexico will pay for it in the long run. B) He has completely drained the swamp. There are no lifelong federal politicians or lobbyists on his cabinet. That's what a conservative considers draining the swamp.
I guess I just look to the fact that he isn't beholden to donors. That's the reason that other presidents make the shit decisions that they do.
The potential trade surplus war with Mexico has more to do with how shit Mexico is and the 11% approval rating the Mexican President has. TPP was a joke and doesn't need a replacement, Trump will make individual deals. The green card thing, I agree with you for the most part. I think that they want to keep current green card holders from returning to places that are terrorist hot beds. Obama, in his first week, spit in the face of 60% of Americans who don't agree with abortion and funded international abortions, put 2 lobbyist in his cabinet, and tried to close Guantanamo even though no one wanted it closed. That's a fucking terrible week.
Compelling proof that Obama wrote policy? The entire DACA is him writing policy. http://www.salon.com/2016/06/23/in_a_blow_to_president_obama_supreme_court_blocks_immigration_executive_action/
He very much had a choice. The entire reason it was deadlocked was because Obama said it goes entirely his way, or nothing. The second he stopped working with congress, was the second they stopped working with him. He just would not compromise on anything.
I do, especially when you look at the reason the obstruction was taking place.
That's a different story. DACA isn't about naturally born citizens. But it is the reason anchor babies are crap
Good quality service. That right there is the absolute reason why Uber thrives.
Most of them are, but there is still a lot of people who agree with suicide bombings: More generally, Muslims mostly say that suicide bombings and other forms of violence against civilians in the name of Islam are rarely or never justified, including 92% in Indonesia and 91% in Iraq. In the United States, a 2011 survey found that 86% of Muslims say that such tactics are rarely or never justified. An additional 7% say suicide bombings are sometimes justified and 1% say they are often justified in these circumstances. So, 14% of 3.3 million is 462,000 people. That's 462,000 too many. The problem with a small minority's beliefs in this case, is that their beliefs include killing innocent civilians
Of course you can. Mostly because all of those countries completely rely on us. It is in their best interest to work on a deal.
In this case, fine.
Green cards lead to citizenship
They can seek all the alternatives they want. No one can match the buying power of the US. If they outright tried to replace the US, it would hurt them.
Depends.
So? These people know the financial system inside and out. They know how the system is gamed. They are perfect for the job.
No, people were on Hillary for trying to be anti-wall street, and wanting to tear it down, while also taking millions from them. People were mad at the blatant hypocracy
No, the Supreme court isn't. Liberal judicial activists are. https://i.reddituploads.com/03ccb5d117ae4e418464c9e790501730?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=bda636525f2adcd53a78509fdcd1d46e
I saw the "but, poor people" argument coming from a hundred miles away
An extra 1 snuck in there. Fixed
I hear what you are saying, but trade is in the executive branches wheelhouse. I saw this explanation on Quora that I liked: "The President, through the USTR and through the Commerce Department DOES have authority under Title 19 to change tarrifs said based on predefined conditions. The Supreme Court has upheld the imposition of tariffs imposed by the President where such tariffs were delegated by Congress to the President (something which I think is Unconstitutional personally since a Tariff is essentially a tax, but the Court found tarrifs regulation essentially to be an act of foreign policy and interstate commerce). The Commerce Department of the United States and the US Trade Representative are the primary organizations of the Executive Branch that implement US Tariff policies. US Tariff law is a hodgepodge of nonsense... Protecting some industries... Mandating others behave in certain ways... Etc... And it covers a span of time of tariffs from the 1850's to the 1990's. It's so freaking complicated, the United States has to publish what's called the "harmonized tariff and trade schedule" that is basically the BLUF version of what taxes are imposed on what industries... Where a President might have a free hand is in cases where industries are allegedly suffering "market disruption" or in cases where safeguard measures are recommended... The President has tremendous authority under Title 19 to act. So for example, if companies are arguing that China's markets are non-functional, that US goods are being uniquely discriminated against in the marketplace, and that to safeguard industry blah blah blah... Something has to happen... The law empowers the President basically to take any action he sees fits in levying tariffs or other trade remedies against China. That power comes from these cases I mentioned earlier about Congress being able to delegate the power to the President. While the International Trade Commission would make its recommendations, and the USTR would weigh in, and Commerce would way in, the President can more or less do what he wants... There is recent example of this type of action. In 2002, Bush imposed massive tarrifs on steel imports into the US in order to safeguard the US steel industry from imminent collapse. While the WTO ultimately ruled those tarrifs to be in violation of the WTO Treaty obligations, and gave the power to the EU to raise tariffs on US goods entering, the fact of the matter is Bush had the power... He used it... And when finally faced with retaliation.. It was Bush who made the decision to end the tariffs... But by the time all that had wound its way through various legal machinations - Bush had accomplished what he wanted - he gave steel about five years to get its act together... The mechanism usually used to do what Trump is talking about are the provisions of the countervailing duties and/or the anti-dumping provisions of Title 19. That allows the President to essentially punish countries that favor its own goods versus US goods as well as remove the profit motive to sell goods in the US at way below the costs of production. Trump could argue both of those with respect to Chinese imports... And probably successfully levy massive tariffs... While ultimately the WTO would be a check against massive Trump 45 percent tariff across the board... Those machinations take time. Just like in the steel case... If Trump wanted to punish China... He probably could for a period of time... Arguing that the countervailing tariffs were necessary to respond to currency manipulation. Would the US win that argument at the WTO? It might... But even if it doesn't... It would take years to sort out - and China would suffer in the meantime... Honestly, however, I think Trump's policies if enacted would likely start a trade war we haven't seen in nearly 100 years... And the WTO might collapse under the weight of it all..." https://www.quora.com/Does-the-U-S-President-independently-have-the-power-to-raise-taxes-on-imports
I kind of agree with you, but the argument against is that if we do tariffs, then they raise theirs, and so on and so on and we have a trade war
Christians yes, Kurds yes, Jews yes. Proper Muslims no. Their value set is too different and detrimental to American life.
There is absolutely no chance that Bill Clinton would be able to run on the Democratic ticket if he ran today. He's more like a RINO.
Anecdotal fallacy – using a personal experience or examples to extrapolate without a statistically significant number of cases that could form scientifically compelling evidence Just because you might know some Muslims, doesn't mean that all Muslims are like that. I also bet that they are ok with one form of Sharia law. It's as a part of their religion as the 10 commandments are the the Christians and Jews. Any form of Sharia law, doesn't belong in the United States under any circumstance.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is it's natural manure. Thomas Jefferson, November 13, 1787
yeah, there would be an immediate war here if the Government actually tried to do this
Because half the citizenry can't be patriots?
Oh ho ho yes! Is funny because Trump! https://youtu.be/NdQQjfDUBLY
There is a saying: "Compared to the unbeliever, the Kurd is a Muslim" They have mix gender dance parties, they drink, they don't have to wear head covers and beards, women aren't second class citizens. Their culture is more like Eastern Europe. Muslim Proper is every other country in the Middle East besides Jordan.
I know, I get it
I throw it back at them. I never, ever back down. If they call you racist, you call them racist, if they call you a fascist, you call them a communist. But, no matter what, stand your ground! "Doesn't matter what the press says. Doesn't matter what the politicians or the mobs say. Doesn't matter if the whole country decides that something wrong is something right. This nation was founded on one principle above all else: The requirement that we stand up for what we believe, no matter the odds or the consequences. When the mob and the press and the whole world tell you to move, your job is to plant yourself like a tree beside the river of truth, and tell the whole world -- "No, YOU move."" - Captain America
Does Reigns sell a ton of merchandise or something? Or is this Vince's continuing obsession with Samoans? If it's the merch, then I get it. If anything but that, makes no sense.
What narrative?
I wasn't pushing shit.
This whole conversation needs to just stop. The poll that ignited this new conversation is from some firm in Berkley. Of course a poll from there is going to find 36% of people want to leave. In reality it will get less than 10% and disappear. Outside of sports teams and Texas, tribalism is non-existent here. People in Californians don't consider themselves Californians first. They are Americans who just so happen to live in California.
It's not unprecedented, Obama did it, Bush did it, Clinton did it. The Dems blocked thousands of Vietnamese refugees after we left Vietnam. So in fact, it's super common
It doesn't, it just wasn't clear
It's not infectious. It has started to become the boy who cried wolf. And the longer it goes on without the world blowing up, the worse they look and the more they push away moderates.
Making fun of someone for a mental illness makes you an asshole
Where do you get your news? Buzzfeed?
No one asked for it, no one wants it, so why not get rid of it. If some cars want to have it fine, but that is a perfect example of bureaucratic over reach. "We know how to drive better than you so we'll take all decision making out of your hands"
And Gisele Bündchen to come home to. I'm sure that he'll wipe away the tears he gets while reading this article with their estimated $480 million.
The people who designed the software and lobbied the NHTSA to have it be mandatory. Not the regular folks!
"So hurtful, no longer a fan!" "I won't be buying his book now!" And my favorite: "The interesting thing about him calling people 'snowflakes' and telling them go get a job is that one can say he was being a snowflake in 2012 by being on DL for mental reasons when everyone else sacked up and did their jobs." - r/sfgiants Making fun of mental illness is a new low for the liberals
Wrong, because seat belts didn't take away freedoms like automated cars will because the next step after this is all cars have to be automated. No driving allowed. You let the government into your life, they never let go
Racist
Calm down. It was nagger
Yeah, and they did that to bush
No, they didn't do anything wrong. precedent was set years ago that the Senate will not hear Supreme Court nominees in election years.
WHERE IS THE PROOF?
Wasn't the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka about Ned and Jimbo? Do we really need another? I'd rather have more Randy episodes.
None of those are illegal, or incriminating. So, where is the proof? Not 1 single person, in congress or and agency has even seen proof of any wrong doing what so ever.
Make the restrictions imposed on the US the same as the ones imposed on EVERY OTHER COUNTRY in the world, and I'm down. But as long as China and India get better deals, I'm out.
His ass. Wait....that's a different joke.
Why exactly is that not good?
They have been, they just blew their load on Fox.
The real question, is whether or not you need a new tin foil hat.
So we are suppose to hurt ourselves to help them? What?
I like how liberals think Trump is all powerful. For the rest of Trump's presidency, every time he does anything, it is going to court. Not only that, but if he ever did anything truly bad, like saying it is now ok to dump toxic sludge in school yards, congress would reel him in like they are suppose to.
It's almost like thats the way our government was set up!!! The Feds were never meant to do be doing about 90% of what they do. It should be a decision of cities and states, not the federal government
Actually, no one cares. On the list of things that America cares about, Climate change is at or near the bottom EVERY SINGLE TIME!!
Is it just me, or are the plane designs getting a little ridiculous? Two planes you say? Disregard previous question.
You do realize that we were required to lessen our carbon footprint by 14-16% by 2025 and send $3 billion a year to poor countries right? While China doesn't have to do shit until 2030. So we hurt ourselves to help China. In no world is that ok. Our shit climate policies have already put thousands of people out of work. But it's ok, let's hurt everyone so nothing can change. Cool plan.
Facts to disprove a falsehood? what? The burden of proof lies solely on you and you have proved nothing
Honestly, in the eyes of the world, Impact, NWA, and NJPW are the minor leagues. The only thing that matters to his wallet and his career is what he has done in WWE. And so far, it's freakin excellent. He should have been here earlier. But pointing out those other titles as an accomplishment is like pointing out that a guy has the most AAA titles of all time. Who gives a fuck until you make it to the big leagues.
Lol. A comment removed on a post about comments being removed
Ohhhh, whooosh. Over my head. I was thinking"Irony man, far out"
If the NSA won't release, just have the FBI raid that shit. They are too powerful right now and need to be taken down a couple notches.
They have to keep him up, so their Latin player quota is met, because that's what this team is missing, according to someone.
Born in Florida
I don't see how they could ever give him the belt again after this run. What I want to know is, does Brock really make more people want to watch the WWE? I doubt it.
Someone needs to draw "WASH ME" on the side
The only time a government ever gives more freedom is after a bloody civil war
I din't think he is an ISIS sympathizer, but he is a Muslim apologist, and since ISIS are Muslim, it can be construed that he is an ISIS sympathizer.
What are you even talking about. Not one mayor or governor or any normal person ever defended abortion clinic bombings or killing people because of abortion. Also, this isn't about America, it's about Londonistan
"I had 4 or 5 pints, nothing major." Epic
The temp has raised a half a degree since then?
Serious science is being done on this now. The "consensus of scientists agree argument" is [starting to vanish](http://notrickszone.com/2016/12/22/the-hockey-stick-collapses-50-new-2016-scientific-papers-affirm-todays-warming-isnt-global-unprecedented-or-remarkable/).
This is why you guys are jackasses. It's all or nothing, and heaven forbid anyone blasphemes the church of man made climate change. You have zero concrete evidence, only guesses based on incorrect models. Models that have had to be adjusted all the time because they don't fit the doom and gloom narrative. Grow the fuck up, and realize there is room in science for dissenting opinions. Because until it is a law, it is just a theory.
Yeah, she was part of the newest celeb hack early last month
All you have to do is turn it the other way around and imagine if someone at FoxNews did the same to Obama, You'll realize how disrespectful it was and how it is not needed:)
Does it bother anyone else that he tucks his glasses into his hair?
Are these the PS Pro DS4s?
The Yankees have an outfield glut too
This is, by far, the worst one Sony has had since I started watching these 10 years ago on G4. Makes me wonder if Sony is giving up on E3. The same shitty presenter from last year, the lack of new content, and the underwhelming show. Just lame.
Yeah, but is t that a problem with pretty much every open world game ever?
3 days after Black Friday is Cyber Monday?
Cuttrefish*
I know. I'm just letting you know that 3 days after Black Friday does make sense because of Cyber Monday.
I'm starting to think all of these aren't really news flashes.
Kind of what you said, but less faggy
This is all good and well, but you are forgetting one thing. It was Anakin's destiny to do what he did. So, no matter who you pair him with, the outcome would have been the same: the destruction of the Jedi Order.
I'll make this argument once again: Why would they? It is in no way, in Sony's benefit to cross play anything on any other console. They are absolutely dominating, so why would they help a lesser competitor be in any way equal? That's just plain stupid business if they did that.
It's only raw and Smackdown recordings. All other shows on USA are fine, and all other recordings on all channels work fine.
ok, cool
who cares is the answer. It is not in Sony's best interest to kowtow to fucking Rocket League players. If you are going to go buy an entire other system just to play one game, it's no skin off their backs. They make their money off of people buying PS Plus subscriptions and donkeys buying DLC for games that haven't even come out yet. But, the question is still there. Why would Sony, in any way, prop up another system?
I feel like you don't understand what the word destiny means. No matter when he was brought in, who was his teacher, the outcome would have been the same, because it is the reason he was even brought into the world by the midichlorians. His life was decided before he was even conceived.
grow your own gigantic fucking spider nest
It's weird they have a racist fuck standing next to the Black Panther.
We want to see a winning team. Can you help with that?
When you are 15 years old, and slurp on the worst president we've had in my life time (36 years), of course you think Trump is somehow a terrible President.
Racial like they are minorities and she is white?
VI has like 4 of those categories
They have sold 60 million concoles at this point. The people who are in your shoes are maybe in the 10,000 range? Maybe a bit more? Sony would never jeopardize their standing to appease a tiny, tiny minority.
But he couldn't bring balance to the force without destroying the Jedi. Balance is equal sides. I feel like that is always over looked.
bro, you did s twice. Loki's sceptre (and now visions forehead) is the mind stone. Also, how was the power stone an orb? its a stone.
I always felt that this was a misreading by the Jedi. One of the many flaws they had that led to their downfall. Until we go further into this new trilogy, we won't know how many other Sith were around, but hidden like maybe Snoke. But Luke is always in that fight, right in the middle. Constantly battling Light and Dark. once he is the only one left, the force is completely balanced. Only one left that sits in the middle. Then Luke creates a school of new Jedi, and what happens? They are all killed by a Sith and his master so all that are left are 2 Jedi, Luke and Rey. Balance
To me, it's really weird to expect a company to hurt itself to appease you.
So you lived through Jimmy Carter and you think Trump is the worst? I'm surprised you can even type coherently with so much. I'll shut leaking out of you.
It could be another Brassard/Zibanejad deal where the Rangers give up a proven talent and get a cheaper contract and a player who is growing that plays the same position. If they do this though, it makes me feel like they are going to go all in on Shatty.
No, one of the reasons the UK voted leave is because Poles were taking the low paying jobs and they wanted to stop this. So there is no way they would just move to a different system that essentially does the same thing.
My bad, I saw "emigration AND self determination" when I first read it.
Or the sign of a shitty E3?
ordered
Stahp
The EU is threatening countries with withholding funds if they don't take in refugees
No shit. They literally murder albinos for their bones because they bring luck. They also arrest goats for witchcraft, so....good luck Monsanto
Britain would be fucked. No more adidas track suits and Slav squats? No more eating at kebab shops. Muslims can't drive cars, or use electric, or bath themselves. Wait.....strike that last one. Can't stop something you don't do.
Sevenhead
That right there is the problem you don't seem to understand. The only thing exacerbating Muslim terrorism, is Islam itself. These animals will attack innocents in the name of Allah whether their own get run over or not. Hopefully this will start to wake up the Muslim community and they will finally start to police themselves.
Nah, Amazon will get too big and they will get broken up by monopoly laws.
Exacerbating is the proper word to use in that situation. Of course it was senseless, all attacks on innocents are, that's not the argument though.
autocorrect
That's true to a point. I think that McDonald's didn't find automation a necessity until this drive for 15 crap started. Same could be said for the Auto industry too. Paying unskilled workers $23/hr for a factory job was just too damn expensive. They were forced to do it by the unions.
Well, realistically, no one is in monopoly territory yet.
Good luck with that Russia.
A change.org petition? How stupid is this guy?
A license plate is considered Govt. speech, so it can be regulated
That's easy. The destruction of the nuclear family in black society. 73% of black kids are raised in single parent households. And with stats like this: 85% of youths in prison, 71% of highschool dropouts, 71% of pregnant teenagers, and 85% of children with behavior disorders come from homes with no father. It's no real surprise that they are falling further and further back. https://thefatherlessgeneration.wordpress.com/statistics/
It might seem unlikely, but it's not out of the realm of possibility.
No thanks to the Giants
Guy on the left looks like Wolowitz with a mustache
You mean they only get 9 months pay for 9 months work? CRAZY!!
Oh god, I hope so. It could be 3 if Ginsburg kicks the bucket!
Honestly, I don't think anyone who isn't a citizen, shouldn't be allowed to protest or participate in political activities. In the US, or anywhere else. In fact, it is illegal in Mexico to participate in political protests if you aren't a Mexican citizen.
It was a reaction to terror attacks by Muslims, dick
As much as I hate the federal government taking power away from the states, the solution is to pass a law that makes its mandatory to run and report resident status. You can also make a 72hr hold mandatory on all illegal aliens that are arrested. If you do that, then, not following the law will be a federal offense. Another idea is for the justice department to mandate that an ICE officer is to be stationed in every single county and city jail in America.
Word. I only want them to be able to vote if they've worked a total of 1800-2000 hours in a single year.
A. This is old shit. B. This is to protect the police from lawsuits in the event of a violent protest or riot where an officer would have to put his/her life in jeopardy to protect someone.
That judge is a fucking coward
[Here is your proof](https://www.skepticalraptor.com/skepticalraptorblog.php/glyphosate-causes-cancer-apples/) that it is fake news
wasn't that obvious by the fact that she does roller derby?
No, she was fired since that piece ran.
There was a civil war of sorts during the campaign. /r/thedonald was taking over the front page and sub-reddits like this one were pissing their pants
Millennial didn't start it, they just normalized it.
75% this is a hoax
They didn't sue. The state of Hawaii and another state did.
Decent outfield prospects
As if we aren't gonna suck for the next few years as it is
So does your wife/girlfriend
Because they speak the only language that matters: MONEY
Did we forget about: "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor?"
He is at the same time a hero and a traitor.
WTF is this garbage? This isn't news.
You know what would be great? Lets evacuate all the Kurds and take them in as refugees. Then we can move them all to Dearborn and watch the ISIS supporters there shit themselves.
Have you heard HRC talk. You'd get that idea from her too.
I don't know. A 2 year deal to both would be very interesting. Marleau would have led the team in goals, and Thornton second in assists. Spend 12 million over 2 years for a possible 200 pts.
No, Western Judeo-Christian culture is under attack by atheists and the political left edit: words added
That's fake news. The founding fathers were religious, and went to church. [They were just Deists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Faiths_of_the_Founding_Fathers). They didn't believe that god had an active way of interacting with the world. &gt; They believed in little or none of the miracles and supernaturalism inherent in the Judeo-Christian tradition. Holmes finds a spectrum of such Deistic Christians among the founders&gt; The United States and most of the western world were founded on Judeo Christian VALUES, not ideas. For people to state otherwise is just ignorance.
my bad, word fixed
Read the article, bro
I have not ever, one time, seen anyone in this sub decry a racist getting fired.
Liberalism was built on the backs of slaves
Not if those directives violate federal law.
Can you even imagine what a full on US alpha strike would look like? Thousands of fighters, bombers, helicopters, and drones from the AF, Navy, USMC, and Army, bearing down on North Korea. Barring something silly, North Korea's air defense system and artillery batteries would be wiped out instantly.
That we were in a massive war with. WWII, never forget
I do it EVERY TIME
150,000 fake voters X 50 states = 7.5 million fake voters. Trump was right again
