&gt;So, is Xiaomi really working on a 4.3-inch iPhone SE competitor? Well, **it might be**, but the device is certainly not the one we're seeing below.
Sony has a mole in their ranks, and that skunk is calling/influencing the shots.
There will no Note 6.. .. Sammy gonna go straight to Note7 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Comes in chocolate brown color?
**Limbo** Monument Valley The room 1/2/3 This War of Mine Facility 47 Framed Counterspy Jelly Defense u/Genio88
Lightweight stuff.. Threes and Lyne. Limbo is a must for any mobile gamer imo. It is plain brilliant.
&gt;and mabye I'm a loser and just doing it wrong.. Doing things wrong makes you a loser? That is utter tripe.
The flash sale may actually end up the whole process coming off worse than what it was with the invites. People falling over each other without any stabilizing norm is a sure shot way for chaos. Apart from server crashes ie. Good luck genuine buyers. Scalpers and others will make it a heck of a harrowing time.
Ofcource it does (the idiots who allowed pok to maintain its pak boots be damned) but once inside Afghanistan, we can have our trade plied there without any issues. We are trying to reach the Chabahar port for the very same reason.
chinese supporting 2 rogue nations of the world is fine by them. Making false claims and threatening smaller nations is also good by their logic. But India doing anything to increase their footprint is def OBJECTIONABLE? :D
&gt;Behind the story of how the Salma Dam was built lie extraordinary sacrifices by ordinary Indians and Afghans — extraordinary sacrifices of sweat and blood, tied together by an extraordinary history &gt;Invisible, in the mountains above, stands the army of Haji Saeed Wali, a dam site truck driver turned bandit turned warlord, guarding the site from Taliban assault. Lower down the road, Abdul Ghani, a project cook, is dishing out vadas — a delicacy that, though mystifying to many Afghans, has found a niche audience. &gt;S P Nair, who had the dangerous job of laying over 500 pylons to transport power to Herat, says the job would have been impossible if it wasn’t for Afghan security forces, who lost over 50 lives, sometimes knowing they were deliberately giving up their lives to keep Indian staff safe. &gt;Local transport contractors sometimes made their own deals, spawning something of a private sector industry. Haji Saeed Wali, who could not be contacted for this article, left his job as a driver and decided to set up a militia, providing security services to dam-linked contractors. &gt;“I’m going to switch over for ground rocket attacks in Ghor right after I’ve dropped you back,” says pilot Toryelai Azizi. “For people like me, this war is 24/7, all year around.” &gt;“The young people in my village, they asked why our land should be submerged for the dam,” said Sufi Zafran. “I told them I sacrificed my youth to bombing things and burning them, and thus I gave them the life they have. Their sacrifice, I told them, would bring us something better.”
&gt; I'm curious why you would use that after he died. You certainly made the query as if you had no idea about the connection.
Now be ready to see poultry farms be named after you. Municipality naming manholes after your family name maybe..
First of all you post about niche content. Then, you merrily forget to mention whether you are after music files or movies? Casualness to the max?
... Welcome to India?
Damnit! Now we ll see the fertilizer hitting the fan at a new level..
Biggest does not equals mettle. All it takes is fan following/sheeples to rack up the numbers. apple cheats its own loyal customers with loads of white lies, and the crazy people do not mind being taken for a ride.
The water damage issue. India's climate is pretty much carrying enough moisture to turn their paper's color. They repeatedly tell their customers that the device has been water damaged to avoid honoring warranties. Even while at the addressing of antennagate, they made ridiculous excuses and made it a point that their devices were not defective YET offering antenna bumpers to boost the signal strength. They advertised the pinch and zoom tech as if they had built it, whereas it was stolen blatantly from mitsubishi. Their touchscreen tech was purchased from a firm which had invented a defective tech. apple implemented it as it is, and if the defect showed up after warranty period, they charged premium amount to 'repair' it. Many more. (fappening leaks due to their rank idiocy etc)
They ll fly, create counter scorpio transformers in air.. get the rogue scorpio destroyed by the new contraption, and land inside the good scorpios.
SUPERB!!
Jamia would have thrown an eternal hissy fit
If only the animal from Nirbhaya case was tried this way..
&gt;kshamta Props for using proper angreji to depict the Hindi word mate! And then I read, instead of Sari/Saari- &gt;saare
Arey naahi bhaiya.. Kaahe gadbada rahe ho
I was planning to go for it, even if it was censored. I did not knew it has been turned into a shadow/caricature. Maybe will not go for it now :( Thanks for making this post. Pahlaj n co needs to kicked in the ribs. Them trying to bring back cultural values from Ramayan times is as idiotic as it gets. &gt; 'This break has been strategically placed to enhance your movie watching experience' Honestly? This takes the cake (from the reg bakery ofc.. None of that overpriced food from pvr) As if those subtitles, the SMOKING KILLS, and the insensitive aka dumb movie viewers with their cellphones and kids and chit chats were not enough already. Movie viewing in India is becoming a mission these days.
Err.. Sahi boley hain!
And these people are/will stand first in the queue if they are offered quotas.
And amazon wont disappoint
&gt;Remembering how Indians speak woefully about the partition of the Motherland and listening to Pakistanis talk about India’s hegemonic intentions, I’m reminded of a dysfunctional family. The parent, India, keenly feels the loss of one of her children. Pakistan, an uncooperative child, ran away from home, disrupting the homeostasis of the family. He left, hurt and infuriated by real and imagined abuse.
Not the revenant either. :|
http://indiafacts.org/pakistani-travelogue-i-the-other-face-of-pakistan-welcome-to-multan/
Superb news! :) Well done! &gt;Sartaj, one of the very few Sikhs on the Mumbai police force, is used to being identified by his turban, beard and the sharp cut of his trousers. But "the silky Sikh" is now past forty, his marriage is over and his career prospects are on the slide. When Sartaj gets an anonymous tip-off as to the secret hide-out of the legendary boss of G-Company, he's determined that he'll be the one to collect the prize.
ie IF we have options. We gen go about choosing the lesser evils.
&gt;It is in our national interest to demolish the logic of the two-nation theory. We accepted it at the time of Partition, but we no longer believe in it. Our enemy — the people who hurt us — is Pakistan. Pakistan says Kashmir is the core issue. They have instigated some frustrated people to indulge in militancy. They claim Kashmir on the basis of the two-nation theory. This theory was demolished in 1971 when half of Pakistan seceded from Pakistan. It first got demolished on the day when more than half the muslims stayed back in India.
Going by what pak has been doing all their life, it really does not seems like biased.
Heartening to see this! :) Meanwhile with some other people- http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/30/family-planning-not-for-muslims-says-turkeys-president-erdogan/
pffft :D Seems like scripted success has actually gone to his head. Sala phattu! ROFL :'D
&gt; just to prevent him ??
Going by the history of people here asking such stuff.. pics or (whatever it was) never happened
Will the poms now learn from their masters? Those buccaneering brits ought to learn something from here.. surely?
Curious.. reason for the hate?
She has a lot of reasons to be hated for. And I asked about what YOU dislike about her. AMA can be interpreted in various ways by diff people.
Nope. She has good amount of flaws in her.
Who said anything about going to Turkey? Was only pointing at people (esp who are in imp positions) doing this sorta BS stuff
china frustrated over Uighur skirmishes, or obvious thing to do in the face of the facts? Or Are they trying to prepare the chinese population's psyche for their volte face?
china finally printing a piece to mobilize their lab rats/aka chinese janta.
paalitix ofc.
&gt; Pak also plays a role in dealing with their Uighur population They backstab the cheenis there as well. Just like what they do to the USA in Afg.
Pehle yeh sab Hindi mein likhne ka.. Samjha kya..
To name a few- Fake accent Stupid tweets about her stay in Kashmir, depicting amply that she lacks brains Ran off from the AMA when challenged/queried and worst of em all.. Endorsing fairness creams!
&gt; China is throwing them under the bus Not really. They have accused them of terrorism earlier as well.
Appease us? That ll be wishful thinking. They have increased the border incursions even when we had plans to not award BSNL/MTNL contracts to companies like Huawei/ZTE (or so I read here).. Appeasing us to coax against selling the missiles will be a huge change in protocol from their perspective.
There was a pretty good 2 page coverage of Lee Kuan Yew in the Hindu when he expired. Anybody got links to that? It was very informative, and I forgot to archive it. :|
Errr... WHAT?!?
I think it is nice that he is releasing it as a power point representation. He had released Panch's review copy via torrents, and this diff approach is going to have a better recall value.
How old and how many books? What is the online library like? Membership take?
Hyperistan na kar dein? Idiot.
&gt;never uploaded OC You wont be even able to access the recruitment thread. So def no.
pffft.. What delusion! :D
&gt; has reportedly created a sort of fear psychosis on the other side of the border That has been there ever since 1947. India aa jayega, aur kha jayega hum sabko!
I thought islam actually did kept the females subdued and devoid of parity?
51 not out ie.
As anurag kashyap said. "That ijj BilackMale"
And which company would this be?
He simply has to unselect the file in the client's content tab, and the downloading will stop, and seeding will carry on as normally.
fir chaalu ho gaye bullies saley :D
Err.. this thing moves the charging chips to the power adapter, and thus freeing the phone from overheating. One also gets to use the phone w/o slowing the charging down.
Yep. seems like DB crash. Upon going to the home page, it is asking to sign up again.
Something like alpharatio, torrentshack, rutracker, BB, Scc etc. These are all good gen purpose trackers. AR is open quite a few times for open registrations. Keep checking the relevant reddit sub. You can also seek invites in the giveaway sub. Remembers, ipt has 5 other sister sites as well.. operated by the same scum owner. He uses the sites for generating money. If in the future, you try to use the ratio from those 6 sites as a proof of being a good member, you wont get any traction @ any of the good trackers.
The dick you are, you also cannot use the search feature it seems. Else, the dick bot would have been able to verify every thing mentioned in my post. But then, your creator certainly was not too adept it seems. Using caps and single lines is only thing your sorry life is capable of.
cuz the open signup window doesnt lasts. Pretty obvious, innit?
Dont bother. The idiot (u/spanish_dick)is def from ipt.
Search the sub here for the stories. I am not making this stuff up.
&gt; I've been on this page for several months The thread was created 6 hrs ago. :D So that makes it amply clear how clueless you are even while writing simple stuff, leave alone observing the past threads about the concerning news which came up in droves earlier. &gt;these types of comment bother me. Easiest way to get into a good private general tracker? Clearly it is you who has a warped way of things. And by extension, it is people like you who makes things worse for the community even. Since you ll exhaust the lil brain you got, will make things easier for you - First up, these sharing communities are NOT supposed to be for profit making. Before you bring a sorry excuse, DONATIONS are different than an entry fee. Thirdly, any tracker taking money is bound to attract more attention from the feds, jeopardizing EVERY MEMBER AND THE TRACKER. If you still cannot put two and two together, then you clearly are a lost case.
If you are an ignorant person and as you say you been here for MONTHS.. I cannot really convince myself to educate you by spending precious time for your enlightenment BECAUSE ANY SANE PERSON WOULD HAVE NOTICED WHAT WAS MENTIONED ABOUT IPT.. WITH SCREENSHOT PROOFS! Secondly, you are the sort of a person who is fine with the idea of paying to get inside the tracker?!? That sort of bend of mind really is to the extent that classifies the brain as badly twisted. Again, if you have been here for MONTHS, you would have educated yourself that getting inside via paying is AS HORRIBLE WAY AS POSSIBLE. A person who purchases his way into a tracker NOT ONLY jeopardizes his and the inviter's account, BUT ALSO PUTS IN DANGER OF EVERYBODY IN THE INVITE TREE. Now, if that is not ringing any bells with your selfish ways, then I hardly will bang my head for you to gain some common sense. All these things should have been clear to you if you had been here for MONTHS. That is if common sense had not eluded you vis a vis this whole pay for invite concept justification. Even if I spend few hrs here trying to convince you with proofs and what not, I am pretty sure you ll find ways to discredit them. Either try to search, think, or read what other have/gonna say. People like you are not wise to invest time with. So feel free to think w.e about my refusal to amuse you with links to proofs which are scattered in the sub. All that rank bull shittery about proof from founding member to from the source whatwashisname only further clarifies how badly warped your thinking ways are.
Basically it is a thing that ll happen to a random person the moment the staff thinks that it is payday. They ofc cannot block all the users one fine day. People who have not had the misfortune can consider themselves as lucky, but also should remember that they havent been sniped down.. yet. Maybe after all the brouhaha, IPT has gone slow.. or even removed the idea from their rabid minds. But there are other ways by which they ll keep conning the members. Fake raffle/lucky draws? They award the goodies to fake/staff members' accounts. They may simply increase the price of the ticket, or increase the frequency of the fake lucky draws. They can always revisit the disabling of accounts after dust settles. So they have plenty of ways to come up with, through which they ll try to get inside the members' pockets.
&gt; and they shouldn't have any issues There are far too naive people to fall for that trick of theirs. People who do not even know how to force recheck their torrents, people who just want the content and get out, people who think pay to leech is a fine thing. Those who have half a brain, I think they should not take a risk at all with the likes of IPT. All the hardwork will be shot down in a matter of few clicks. Spending time and effort on trackers like alpharatio/BB etc is much more worthwhile. Besides, it only will help userbase of IPT to wane a little bit. IPT wont vanish cuz there are too much of sheep population around, but the small steps can help in educated more and more people.
&gt; The amount of content on IPT is undeniable. And that is something I acknowledged first thing up. TL is utterly stupid to make the downloaders wait. Else, it has HUGE potential. BB too has got good thing going, but is overflowing atm and a bad thing for the fresh users. TSH never really took off after the initial promise.. I do hope they do get better members and content. IPT can only be curbed if other gen trackers up their game, AND there is good information about their dirty ways in the open. People who keep looking for invites in the relevant sub reddit are gen not aware, nor are the member people who dole those invites out.
ipt and td.. Not the types of trackers to be mentioning about even. TC is a good one though.
ipt banning people for 'cheating' is one heck of an irony :D
alpharatio, tsh, BB will be good options. BB has been overflowing since quite sometime, so it ll be a task. TSH allows one to enter via IRC application, so that is easy. AR has open signups every month.. so getting in there wont be an issue either.
&gt; how can i complain? how can anyone complain If you are from ipt staff, and trying to make a case for that scumbag site.. Sure you cannot complain. If you had half a brain, you would have understood the concept of file sharing and not advocated to pay money like the way you mentioned.
People should understand that this sub is not an inquiry booth.
DDoS after that thread about IPT banning a member popped up. Cant be a co incidence..
Basically, stay away from IPT unless it is the end of the world. That place is the reason why many good trackers go offline as they are relentlessly attacked (DDoS). IPT's members get their accounts disabled on false charges and are asked for money in lieu of enabling the account again. The member's pass/username combo is tried on other trackers and if they click, stuff is download and peer list stolen, only to be added in IPT's own swarm = Exposing IDs of users from other trackers = Getting them notice from ISP about piracy. Last but not the least, they 'organize' fake lucky draws and raffle tickets costs actual $$$. Winners are all dupe accounts.
&gt;These scientists should pe paid at least more than our stupid politicians Woh sab toh theek hai, lekin yeh be ka b latak ke p kaise ban gaya? :D
Friend always says simply this about WCD - Seedbox city and the ratio whoring. Everytime the picks come up, people are salivating more about ratio building than ENJOYING music.
Precisely! The content on offer takes a back seat, and people are rushing in to get hold of buffer, that makes it defeat the entire purpose. People are concentrating on survival/leg room than the actual content.
&gt; It's both. ofc you can say that. But the whole exercise gets ridiculous. Just like how some people use WCD to get into other trackers ONLY, and would not use it.. Similarly, grab the content to get ratio first and THEN think about looking for something else/relevant is not the ideal way to go about. It ensures seeding, but there can be other ways exercised to keep the seedboxing to levels where any normal user can think of getting decent ratio count. Works in other situations where X gets his favoured content, seeds it&gt;gains bonus points&gt;proceeds to grab content without fear of busting his ratio (cuz it ll be mighty diff to get it healthy again).. that whole thing plays negatively on the psyche.
&gt;**Speed.CD** Zek's evil corp is evil.
6 sites.. All owned by this gfn zek guy, are known as the nadirs in the pvt tracker world. He indulges in all type of bull shittery which not only jeopardizes the id of the users, but also will go attacking good + reputed trackers. It ll be in the best interest of the pvt tracker community to stay as far as possible from these 6 sites.
Well the MO is: They ll let people use the accounts as normal, but one not so fine day.. they think that they need to tap X user for money, they ll disable the account. X goes over to IRC, and is asked for $$$ for unblocking. The guy pays. Kaching! Else, there are *lucky draws* happening in the sites which are ofc won by dupe acc holders. These raffle tickets are purchased by gullible users via actual money.. so more cash. The staff would try your login/pass combo @ other sites, anything clicks, they ll download stuff.. copy that site's peer list, and will add them to their own swarm to drum up some numbers. Effect? Your account compromised at other site, and those other users sitting there have their IP exposed. Talk to them about this = Instabanned! Lastly, they ll attack other sites if they speak about this in the open. So blackmail galore!
&gt; that just comes across as a lot of rambling So be it. Not really here to convince about how things are for a good chunk of people. Not an issue.
&gt; I meant to reply to the people who were saying it's very difficult to get a good ratio I am one of those persons.
When an iphone lover's beloved device couldn't capture details and my phone, which was 1/3 of what he paid for, produced the snapshot with the required details.. :) Ofc the rooting, custom ROMs, and the launcher + set preferred default apps made things sweet on many occasions.
Name/link/review/other details for the controller? :)
That is very handy info in all. Thx again :) Cheers!
As always, samsung being samsung. Idiots have this ritual of placing these phones at a ridiculous price point.
Get me a 4.3-4.5 inch screen device.. with FLAGSHIP SPECS.. PRETTY PLEASE! Secondly, there is NO NEED to go ridiculously thin with the phones. Enuf already. And dont forget to include the 3.5 mm jack. Like it usually has been. Seriously.
&gt; I'd say earning money is smart More like the money being made is out of desp people. Not everybody is interested in purchasing a chinese branded handset. I would never trust em after the reports of chinese apps/handsets have been reported to be reporting back to servers in their countries.
documentarytorrents?
doesn't works.
&gt; I don't know how regularly they do that That is what I would like to know :) Was that act of pulling in the active members a random case of a staff being generous/logical, or is that a policy. Cuz people may well clog the pipeline owing to their high queue wait times, and others who are active there religiously, but only recently joined the channel, will be mute spectators.. and this could go on for a very long time.
&gt; let you jump in the queue I am not advocating that. Maybe something like x members from queue + y people from active chats to ensure the backlog does not builds over/queue time hoarders do not clog the slots. That is why I asked about this. :) &gt;At least there's a form now for simple cases. That is def a good thing to have happened.
Adding to hackerpcs' suggestion.. ipt has been there since a long time, and the ignorance level of the users there has ensured people do not feel the need to move and power another tracker like ipt (they use/praise/offer invite with good level of ignorance and glee). Thankfully, there are some decent options still. AR has come up quite nicely, and should keep on rising. TSH has earned praise by many, so has TL. Scc's staff is ridiculous, but still has got merit vis a vis the content. MTV has been praised since it started to cater to movies as well. Another gen tracker which goes by the name Bb is good contender as well. IPT has a vast library, and was not built in a day. People who are on ipt and are aware of its BS ways should try to lend support to better and reputable tracker along the sides, if not going for an outright shunning of zek's quicksand trackers.
Yaar.. Kyu yeh alfaaz bhaari padh rahe hain aaj aur bhi zyaada :(
Paurush means manliness, and palda means the place where you put quantities for weighing in a balance.
Sootradhaar/Narrator for the serial Mr Yogi as well.
Tons. He was a fantastic actor.
Havent seen these two. He was there in The Ghost and the Darkness, and other movies like City Of Joy, and AROHAN too.
&gt; Kakkaji kahin Thx for this..
Too many good performances in that movie. But yeah.. Om Puri setting the scenes up w.e he appeared.. It was pure treat.
Because that ll be too logical AND these OEM people do not like to gift obvious features to the customers. There has to be a headslap moment in their phones generally, else their phones will become... the perfect stuff.
I near about choked on my own laughter :D
More than that, a decent 4.7 inched handset is what many would want to lay their hands on. I do not think there have been many in the android sphere, leave alone from Samsung.
&gt;My ratio is 0.007 You did well James. Now you should seek something like AR/TSH/Scc (despite the latter having a horrible staff) I am hoping you ll do well on these trackers. Just don't let ur frustration make u drift towards the likes of ipt and its evil+shitty+scamming 5 sister trackers.
Anybody heard even a whisper about an S8 mini?
&gt; with you there? I think you meant 'with you being there'
Looking for a non chinese OEM device.
&gt;I said Sammy Do tell me about their capable phones with 4.5-4.7 inched screen size pls. May have missed the news. &gt;and I don't know where you going find a non Chinese made phone. They are all made there You clearly do not know the diff between OEM and outsourced stuff.
I just hope they bring out the news of keeping the 3.5 mm jack, AND getting a flagship compact handset. That is all the common sense I am hoping from them after the blunder of Note 7 (apart from tightening up their quality check ofc).
&gt; no one wants a compact phone anymore Many do. Unfortunately, for the handset makers this number represents a fraction of the total target base. They are just playing the % game
used to be good for a good bit. Dunno about the current stat. You should try it.
Reminds me of the step water reservoirs constructed by aztecs or mayas.. or was it the incas.. Long time since that documentary, but this pic reminded me a lot about that feat.
Thx 4 this.
This is pure gold! The guy was natural and spontaneous with his reaction. Should try standup/movies/theater/whatever.. :D I liked the reaction of the blond lady in the later part as well.
Aww man.. That is a gamer's dream. Congrats.
S7 is one of the best devices out there. I do not advocate the edge variant as it is still a gimmick for me. At this point in time, reports have suggested a 20% mark up in the pricing of Samsung S8 phones, so that is concerning. Add to it the news about the screens being bigger (some say that the screen to body size ratio will be bigger). I too am aiming for the S7, just waiting for some official news abt the S8. They maybe doing away with the 3.5 mm jack, which really would be a pathetic move. S7 at a discounted price is seemingly the best possible deal to rough out another few yrs till these manufacturers get some sense in their billion dollar offices that big screens and copying some idiotic 'courageous' move is not the way to keep 'innovating'. If I had a sale going on near my place, where the S7 was being offered for $400.. I would have snagged it in a jiffy. :)
Hathway at times gives 200 GB free over 150GB of reg quota - just FYI ;)
better post this as a standalone reply. I am not subscribed to Jio bband.
m sure due to reliance's prev reputation
&gt; Dont these ppl checks what ads they are getting paid for I am guessing if they did.. Then they won't be paid.
A *skewed* pole through a curved hole
Really important question- **So where is rocksteady?**
Any idea what ll be the best way to source the EU version?
How come you are so confident about there being a mistake? There was a another member who specifically pointed out excerpts about a 4.3 inched screen variant when the A3 2017 article started to break out.
Well, quite possible that its a mistake, but you think that a reputable site wouldnt have corrected its misreporting by now? Plus, this was not the only site to have mentioned it either.
Torrentday belongs to the scum-6 group, and their ratios are not really much of a yardstick. They are the dirtiest trackers possible. TL on the other hand is good and should get u traction. Best of luck :)
iptorrents, torrentday, sceneTime, torrenTing, speed.cd and deildu are owned by a single person. Regularly indulges in fake lotteries which basically is a mean to grab real monies from the participating members. Prize winners are fake accounts. Then the owner attempts to hack the accounts of his own loyal users on other trackers to steal peers from other trackers to bring in number to his own swarms. In the process, he exposes and jeopardizes the IP addresses of people who have no idea as they are on diff trackers. When confronted, the scumbag owner DDoSed other reputable trackers so they ll stop telling people what this dog is upto. A large part of the money obtained by begging/lottery from the user goes in here. Users can purchase ratio, get out of hit and run scenario and build high ratios. All these practices are looked down upon in pvt tracker world. Thankfully, reputed trackers do not accept these 6 trackers as reliable proof. Last but not the least, that slimy owner will ban/disable account on false charges, and will force the loyal members to fork out cash so as to be re enabled. Oh, and Mention any of these on these tracker forums, and get permabanned instantly. So, nothing under the sun which is considered as dishonorable that the shady owner has left out.
U r welcome mate. Should try for AR instead. Pretty good tracker imo.
iptorrents, torrentday, sceneTime, torrenTing, speed.cd and deildu are owned by a single person. Regularly indulges in fake lotteries which basically is a mean to grab real monies from the participating members. Prize winners are fake accounts. The owner attempts to hack the accounts of his own loyal users on other trackers to steal peers and bring in number to his own swarms. In the process, he exposes and jeopardizes the IP addresses of people who have no idea as they are on diff trackers. When confronted, the scumbag owner DDoSed other reputable trackers so they ll stop telling people what this dog is upto. A large part of the money obtained by begging/lottery from the user goes in here. Users can purchase ratio, get out of hit and run scenario and build high ratios. All these practices are looked down upon in pvt tracker world. Thankfully, reputed trackers do not accept these 6 trackers as reliable proof. Last but not the least, that slimy owner will ban/disable account on false charges, and will force the loyal members to fork out cash so as to be re enabled. Oh, and Mention any of these on these tracker forums, and get permabanned instantly. So, nothing under the sun which is considered as dishonorable that the shady owner has left out. ------------------------------ I hope people will learn more about this shitty tracker, its 5 sister sites, along with its scumbag owner. u/Waphire, u/poekrose
It's a fabulous community + tracker. Cheers!
OP playing the game, the dog playing the hooman.
*binge watched
Will keep an eye out for their announcement. Maybe an S8 mini/compact will surface.
I hope u aint donating to the likes of shit trackers like ipt/torrentday/torrenting/speed.cd/SceneTime/Deildu.. u/StarbuckPirate
&gt; I was ejected because I didn't post messages in their chat regularly Which stupid tracker was this?
Hmm. Can understand.
No limbo purchase?
Maybe he is hinting at a compact/mini/reg sized screen? And with all the stupid trend/craze of screens growing bigger everytime, now is the perfect time to introduce a reg screen version with flagship specs.
&gt; maybe you should invite others to the trackers.. Oh do not worry on that front. I help people plentifully wherever I can. Equally (maybe more) important is... &gt; I prefer this be someones first tracker ... that I do not direct/encourage them towards ridiculous trackers which jeopardize the very pvt tracker world we all celebrate. Not warning others about trackers which ll try to swindle them off their monies is the reason why shitty trackers exist.
&gt; Sony already offers this They used to. With them killing the z compact series, there is a big void now.
If LG puts a sane pricing on their G6, maybe then it could have been viable for some. Their bootloop issue is colossal though.
[Those eyes..!](http://i.imgur.com/VRKn2sv.jpg)
I was startled to see how close the dog's eyes resembled [these!](http://i.imgur.com/VRKn2sv.jpg)
Yep. Them dog eyes looked like borrowed from somewhere. Now we have the answer!
Rushmore modern style?
&gt;iptorrents sacking staff *and* stealing their accounts First they hacked their own userbase's accounts on other trackers, and now they are even using up idle/disabled x-staff's account? Well.. These guys really are messed up. :D
Jio ambani ke laala..
not till chortel is nearly grounded into fine dust.
I read that it tries to rip off Narcos.. ..And still fails to shine. The trailer had a scene where haklu twirls and punches a guy a la Akshay's 90s *action* movies. Understood there and then that this ll be another stupid srk movie. Thankfully, people are saying that Kaabil is better.
Try AR/Scc for firstly getting off ipt. They are good and get the job done mostly. Slowly, u can move onto specialized trackers.
Too logical for money grabbing chortel. They have an image to maintain afterall
Second screen for branding is still acceptable. A black insulation tape will do the needful.
Dude, India or any place else,apple Fandom ensures resale value.
I think the eternally clueless u/Ieatbabies154 needs to read this. The fellow merrily goes about proclaiming that these trackers are good as the first for ppl looking to jump in to PT world, and doles out invites without even mentioning the perils of the scoundrel Zek is. Either ppl like him are utterly ignorant to the pt of being stubborn, or are Zek's alt accounts.
Should have complained at the least. That way you would have had an official word from these people.
I was saying that to u/joeanthony
One of the 6 cheating sites which, apart from swindling money and hacking other accounts of their own users, encourages installation of a custom browser which basically is a back door to ur pc. OP should be more responsible while choosing his words. Saying that this should be first for people new to pvt tracker world puts a question mark either on his intention or his intellect. This is being stupid of the highest order.
You are being crazy. They ought to let the pack be tuned according to the customer's specific handset and not according to their own whims. chortel is ofc good for competition, but only when Jio has made sunil bharti mittal grovel and made em realize that his company has been a pig for far too long. When the above mentioned happens, then Jio will again become good for the competition with its renovated pricing/policies. The cycle will ensure that the customer is not looted like crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkZdQBc3VGM
seems like a trigger happy member who wants to ask publicly about questions which would have EASILY been answered within the tracker's forum section. Ridiculously lazy.
poor riposte. Try again, and maybe come up with something original? u/Rikvidr I hope you get some sense in your head now that the thread been removed.
yes ofc. Without explaining what pitfalls lie in this tracker, and blatantly advocating this as an ideal first pvt tracker, there is nothing wrong in this. Care to read about this: https://www.reddit.com/r/trackers/comments/5q4s1f/iptorrents_sacking_staff_an_stealing_their/ ??
From a 4.5 inched device to 5.5.. :| Edit: Specced
&gt; I didn't have the answer for one or two of them ??
&gt;I personally enjoy having hands Who'd have guessed that.
After reading the title, I thought for a second that u waited for 13 yrs to try this thing out. Congrats on the new found freedom and bonanza. :)
Thanks for all the fun games. Rest In Peace Sir.
&gt; This just shows again that even a device with close-to-stock-Android software isn't guaranteed to get better update support. Eh? I understand the hate, and truly justified too, but where does it say that a phone running on close to stock android HAS to get newer updates for X no of yrs? Either you are too desp to add another reason to slander lenovorola, or you havent understood the concept of OS on phones.
**TL;DR** **January – March (Q1)** - Samsung Galaxy A series (2017) - HTC U Ultra - BlackBerry Mercury - LG G6 - Nokia flagship - Huawei P10 and P10 Plus - Moto G5 series - Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA, and Xperia X Performance (2017) **April – June (Q2)** - Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Edge - Xiaomi Mi 6 - ZTE Axon 8 - Asus Zenfone 4, Zenfone 4 Deluxe, and Zenfone 4 Ultra - HTC 11 - OnePlus 4 - Moto Z and Moto Z Force (2017) **July – September (Q3)** - Honor 9 - Samsung Galaxy Note 8 - Sony Xperia XZ2 **October – December (Q4)** - LG V30 - Google Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2 - Xiaomi Mi Note 3 - Huawei Mate 10
There isnt any compact phone listed in there. Any news what's going on in their heads?
People who cannot think beyond a certain level often take refuge with such *convenient* thinking ways. No issues.
&gt; xcover 4 Didn't even knew about this one. Thanks for the heads up. I too will keep an eye on this one. :) I got no charm for Quad/full/hd screen. Just something which ll bring out a decent display, combined with flagship proccy or if I have to compromise, an SD 650-652 will be workable. But yeah, the camera is a top priority. That has to be impressive.
&gt; Podcast Addict Pocket Casts?
&gt; I've been using PocketCast on Android and even bought the desktop version this year, still happy with both. How is it compared with podcast addict?
&gt; advanced features of Podcast Addict Like? I have recently purchased Pocket Casts, and am trying to get as much info about pod casts as possible.
&gt; in China, big screens are the way to go. In china, nobody denies that maybe. But calling it a mini is plain stupid &amp; misleading.
&gt; I think the days of 4.7 in high end smartphones is gone now the normal device is 5.5+ and larger ones reaching 6.0+ That doesn't means a 5.2 inched thing should be called as a mini. People's hands havent grown than what they used to be.
joining DT has been massively difficult iinm. They made the entry only possible after a donation long time ago.
Yep.. They made 'Framed' as well, and it was a pretty good game.
Maybe the squeeze action popped the poor thing out.
Fabulous news! :) Thank u for sharing this. I am a huge fan of Noir genre, and this game really delighted me. Hopefully, u guys will attain more success and fame. Cheers mate!
Do not forget to update pls :)
&gt; I miss huch Hutch*
postpaid or prepaid? Cuz postpaid ones have got their own horror stories..
Even ahead of Relay and Sync (Pro for both) ?
Were the invites freshly issued/topped up?
Anybody else getting price shown as USD 0.11 even with EUR country set as address in profile?
Not the original one, but yes.. HMD with the old guard.
I havent purchased it. The reports of wrecking the game after v1.1.4 was enough for me to steer clear.
The comments/review section were filled with such opinions. Hence I decided to wait. Even now I see mentions of some or the other issue cropping up.
Thanks for the inputs man. Appreciate it :)
American Vs English thing.
Got any recommendations?
I approve. It is indeed a worthy pack!
Thanks for the insight ☺
&gt;When I commented in the annoucement thread how they were using that as a excuse to ask for some money and how I had torrents from 2011 (I mainly download music there) I was outright banned for hit&amp;run and lies Oh wow.. They pulled an ipt on you. Didnt knew that they been inspired by the scum tracker Inc in more ways than one. I tried to get in there, but after they refused assistance to a friend whose country had recently been included in the banned list.. I stopped respecting them. The friend had been a member for 3+ yrs iirc , and had no rule violation against his account. And it was a system glitch due to which his account had been disabled.
Polite/helpful u say? - https://www.reddit.com/r/trackers/comments/6il9dc/slug/dj8b0qd They maybe &gt;30, but they are mentally not there tbh.
If you value your penchant for art house movies, you def will value your account at kg,while steering clear of the sticky situations. Heck, people put up with a BS tracker like ipt (and it's sister sites).. this is KG we are talking about :D
Congrats OP.. That looks tempting :) You think you could get the pics of the instructions mentioned on those boards? I would like to suggest this to my locality's association.
Fa-bu-lous..!
Anybody got an idea if these games have earlier gone on a sale? And the lowest price they have been on...? I was expecting one of those super sales on Rusty Lake Hotel..
I think LG G6 really is a good phone to own/recommend from amongst all the flagships. They'll also have to be updating with extra vigor to keep up with the 835 SoC holders.
Thanks for the info. It seems the sale now is as good a time to grab this game.. Esp the Hotel one. But I was hoping for the $0.10/0.10€/0.10£ sale on these.
Mathemagic.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Thanks mate.. Much appreciated. :)
Then you didn't really lost those hrs..
Get hold of somebody's newer device.. Get the game on sale so that you can play it later?
Yeah, I know about that. And my suggestion was just for the case of the guy getting a new device in the near future, and/or had the means to play it on another device.
Ipt's ratio proofs are useless. It is a scum tracker, and the same goes for its 5 other sister sites. Sorry to be breaking this news to u. Scc def should work.
I meant that Scc's ratio proof should work :)
Thanks for this. A few mentions of the features missing would have been great.
Thank u for putting in some details here.
Yep. He was a despicable con artist.
TD is a bullshit tracker, belonging to the shittiest bouquet involved in scamming+cheating+jeopardizing its own members.. You should look for some reputable tracker instead.
Let's see some reciprocation.
Truckloads of details being asked for. 😕😠
Def Relevant. Good to read abt that.
A country becomes shitty cuz of non availability of an update? :D
I am not accusing you of being a cheater. The tracker of which you are offering the invite, that place is a den of cheats. Staff of ST and it's 5 sister sites is infamous for duping their own loyal members off money/hacking/scraping etc from time to time.
Australians*
XZ1 Compact with SD 835 is expected to be announced soon. (fingers crossed)
Waiting for Xperia XZ1 Compact. Still use my Moto G2.
If you got an atrix as well.. Then yes :p
Lifetime? :D Nah.. M sure this ll go for that 0.10 USD sale someday. But when will that be, is anybody's guess.
Oh shut up will u.. We have already won twice over.
A link here for the video would have been good :)
Free?!? (in India ie, amongst others I am sure) Whoo hoo.. This is a good new yr's gift!
I hope u/Money_may will also make an effort to inform people about this shitty tracker's shady stuff, and how the staffers hack n steal its own user base's accounts on other trackers and how the accounts are locked up on drummed up charges for extracting mo-ney..? U/cannon1707 U/xpeedmclaren
It is actually a very good game. The only complaint is that it is a bit short. So giving it away for free takes care of the only criticism it recd.
You sure are uncouth, ignorant and stubborn.
&gt; pay them for every terrorist attack the foil , terrorist they kill etc Just like how musharraf was able to 'survive' an attack by hafiz saeed's lashkar, with the bomb planted on a bridge exploding after the cavalcade had passed safely? Or like how low-value terrorists were supplied to the USA while they kept OBL cozy in a compound with a garrison for deterring people/agencies?
USA needs to be careful here. If china gets to do this with other countries as well, the USD will be in a tight spot.
Keep giving $$$, we keep up the smokescreen.
&gt; After all Pakistan is still a sovereign country, not a puppet state pakistan has been a lapdog ever since its inception. It has had different masters, but the mentality persists. The chinese do not have absolute control, but geographical proximity of china (useful for bringing in assistance and to counter the percieved Indian threat) combined with chinese money and the corrupt military + political elite, the final result is a wee bit more than just plain old leverage.
&gt;If Pakistan is a lapdog, than it's a very bad one, considering it follows it's own foreign policies pakistan has not got any foreign policies. Its foreign policies are majorly knee jerk reaction, and many of the decisions revolve around India, and how its elites can make money. Everybody sitting with access to gravy train has properties in either uk or uae, or both.
This is just not my opinion. Many analysts sitting inside pakistan have stated the same. You can start listening to them, or keep trying to defend the elusive honor of pakistan.
How come you are so sure that I have downvoted you? &gt;Elusive ~~horror~~? And you keep harping on with words and narrative which have echoed from overtly patriotic pakistanis. Have seen and heard the same rhetoric where people either are ignorant about their own realities, or go about merrily forgetting the facts. From school subjects taught/endorsed within pak like 'pakistan studies' to systematic brainwashing via movies, there have been numerous instances where people have been kept in a utopian world, and if you indeed are going to tread the same path AND not even try to listen to your own country's analysts (cuz people from diff country are obviously not reliable for overtly patriotic pakistanis).. then there is no pt in carrying on a convo with you.
Insults and contempt for basic intellect eh? You do not care about punctuation, nor do you have a penchant to learn about basic stuff, ofc the person reading is gonna feel riled. These are not just one or two slip ups, rather a clear sign of you having issues with your poor attitude towards learning. &gt;corruption like this exists in most countries Ofc, allowing foreign people to drill your woman for money exists (It has a specific term). Exploiting and plundering natural resources is fine too. Allowing people to mess your country's social fabric for money exists, followed by claims of no compromises on soverignity. Letting people know not to share credit while deriding the masters for PSA exists. Giving away parts of occupied territory for long term support exists. Only in warped minds and lands this is justified. &gt;First off, which analysts. Raoof Hasan. Regularly appears on your tv circuit, and his opinions are sought after. The writer is a political analyst and the Executive Director of the Regional Peace Institute. You can read about Hasan Nisar's columns as well. Hamid Bashani sitting in canada does a good job as well. Then there is Rauf Klasra too. There are 3-4 others whose names were not flashed on the screen in the snippets. &gt;Do you know what happened when the US killed Pakistani soldiers? Pakistan closed the supply route, and forced the US to apologize, after the US specifically saI'd it wouldn't. The closure damaged US operations, and severely hurt Afghanistan's economy. Good that you mentioned this. The whole blockade was another knee jerk reaction when things with the pakistani establishment and the USA reached loggerheads. Now, I hope you know that when USA re routed their supplies from uzbekistan, they were paid hefty sums for transit fee. And I am pretty sure you ll again exhibit ignorance when I mention that pakistanis allowed US containers to cross over to Afghanistan for free, while the economy has been in the doldrums since quite some time. What was termed as a 'goodwill gesture', was basically another gesture of pandering to their masters. For a country which desp went about manufacturing claims about arab ancestory, and re wrote everything under the sun to deny their Indian DNA, your attitude is pretty much in line with the phenomenon observed. &gt;Telling me to get lost is funny Abs not. You have shown ample proofs of making stupid claims, ignorance, and lack of willingness to learn/correct yourself. Hardly the sorts with whom one would waste time.
Specifications: Dimensions: 148.8 × 75.8 × 8.15 (mm) (8.6mm camera bump) Mass: 172 g Screen: 5.5 inch, 1080×1920 pixels, 2.5D Gorilla Glass 3 Processor: Snapdragon 630 (Octa core, 4*2.2GHz+4*1.9GHz) RAM: 4GB LPRDDR4 Internal memory: 32/64 GB eMMC5.1, microSD up to 128GB Camera: 16MP back + 8MP front, Bothie supported, OZO Audio (2 mics) Battery: 3000 mAh, fast charging Connectivity: USB Type C, Bluetooth 5.0, 3.5mm headphone jack OS: Android 7.1.1 (will update to Android 8.0.0) Price: €191 for 32GB, €216 for 64GB
Fingers crossed that the pricing is not gonna be messed up. Keep thinking if they ll get a 5-5.2 inched handset with similar config or not. (Would be even more awesome if they launched a xperia compact-esque handset)
Yeah. I can see the justification with the non transferrable points, but not letting people purchase gift cards via carrier billing is just ridiculous. An online payment platform here allows people to purchase playstore gift cards of lower denominations.. something which are not offered even by google certified brick n mortar stores. So not having similar option enlisted on playstore is baffling.
Pricing is on a different level I believe
&gt; Join is probably the best purchase I have made since Nova Launcher. That is high praise for the Join app indeed. I recently got the app, and I am mighty impressed as well.
I think the reward points do get expired a full yr after they are sent. It is only for the latest rewards that the msg is flashed that (the latest sent) rewards will expire one yr from that particular date.
Could it be possible that you been using the balance little by little, and in the process consuming the credits which were supposed to expire before the lapse of 365 days' cut off time?
&gt; people (ketchapp/king) stealing your game. Elaborate pls?
&gt;Add to that the fact that in low cost geographies (India etc.) Google Play store has the ability for the Apps to charge PPP equivalent prices, and the apps generally do take advantage of the same. I have bumped into truckloads of devs who have not considered pricing their apps according to PPP. One was even adamant that most are not doing it, so I am not willing to do it either. And here on reddit, I keep hearing about how people don't wanna purchase apps even if they are costing like a (USD and not INR) cup of coffee. u/mannabhai
Well, I do hope that what they keep showing as 'deduction due on..' turns out to be as invalid msg. There are quite a few apps/s.w which I need to snag off the playstore :) Thanks for a detailed reply!
Thank u! :)
Well, directly or indirectly- Ajit Pai.
**Games**: Limbo, Threes, Hitman Go, Sparkle 2, Mini Metro, GeoXpert (nice educational tool) **Apps**: Nova Prime, Join, Solid Explorer, Alarmy, KLWP, KWGT, PowerAmp (Black Player is very popular around here), Mx Player Pro, Pocket Casts (pod cast addict is an equally popular and free alternative. Both are worth using), Moon+ Reader, Greenify, Sleep As Android, SD Maid pro, Sync Pro, Office Suite Pro, Tasker, App Dialer T9 Pro, PopUp Widget 3, Xposed Edge Pro, Advanced Download Mgr, Root Explorer, Ex Kernel Mgr, Cameringo+, Paper Camera, Weather Time Line, Flamingo (same dev for the last two, not responsive on e mail)
Oh darn! Thanks for pointing this out.
Replying to a msg/post instead of the thread.
So, asking the obvious here- how long does a male has to receive the sunlight for to get the vital Vitamin D replenished ?!?
If you are aware of the issues, then yes, you can manage things in there. The tracker owner has effectively stolen user's accounts on other trackers and has been DDoSing reputable trackers due to spite and even locks em out on flimsy charges and asks for money to enable the account again. Exposing IP addresses of people is pretty shitty move. So I firmly believe that getting to support such trackers even with bandwidth is not on. But as you said, the content is what draws most people. The last straw in this whole BS business is that certain few inviters do not care to mention about these problems, and go a step further and refute the evidence. I suggest you also seek admission to MTV and AR. Both have been consistently good, and should only improve further.
Too much science in the post itself.. much catching up to achieve! But Thank u for the link! (https://www.foundmyfitness.com/vitamin-d)
care to elaborate the two instances..? (kinda what happened and the actual extent?)
Looking at the BS attitude you got (pak doesn't support terorrists while picking n choosing which one to cull during zarb e azab), I wasnt expecting anything else out of you either :D Relationships with afghanistan? iran? India? BD? laughable state after 70 yrs of existence.
Run over by rss :D Seriously, grow a brain cell before asking somebody to take a login on your behalf? We do have issues, but not a 'beyond clusterfuck situation' as is with pakistan. We ll do just fine. I quite like the fact how pakistanis dodge the mention of pakistan studies and keep throwing in idiotically the logic of zarb e azab while also steering clear of the topic of picking n choosing of which terrorists they got to eliminate. I am well aware that how people like you (too much time, delusion, say no to facts, avoid answers types) proceed with mindless discussion. So you can keep blabbering to your heart's content. Nothing will change facts of your country's ridiculous ways. You can ofc keep thinking abt India being worse off. Whatever gets you guys to breathe easy.
I am all for it. The amount of money and time which has gone into securing/defending/propping up the borders has been no easy feat. It has allowed other countries to wedge in and make merry as well. But there will be issues. We all know how the incidents like Kargil war, mumbai carnage and the attack on the Indian parliament shored up when there were good measures on the horizon. The country called as pakistan was created on the false pretence of Indian muslims being in perpetual danger from the non muslims of India. That being the nucleus, a harmonious relationship with India will cause serious questions to be asked. Moreover, the pak military captured the reins of its country and they will do anything and everything to hold onto their position of influence.
I keep hearing this about trudeau. Seriously hope that not a majority of the political top brass thinks like that.. :|
So any situation where the population wouldn't have been like 1:1, or muslims being in majority would have been an issue for them? :) And quite frankly, the creation of pakistan had the ulterior motives of the feudal lords who understood that Indian govt will abolish the zamindaari system. They first rattled the notion that muslims are in danger in a free India, which got laughed off. They changed track and got the abstract entity as the subject instead - islam is in danger.. and that proved to be a master stroke. The way jinnah's speech was doctored, how the muslim league went into an overdrive along with maududi.. a bungling bhutto (the east bengal genocide and losing half of their country), and finally capped by the army (dictators) taking over.. the whole lapdog syndrome leading to catastrophic policies and mindset/ruptured social fabric/schoolbook doctoring.. it is too much of a mess. A country formed on the flimsy excuse of the possible ill treatment of the minority has literally turned the scenario on its head by doing much worse to its own minority folks than what they pelted to gullible people back in the day.
&gt; how much religion and desire to maintain power has split so many people who had lived together for centuries... That is actually the saddest part. :(
Trudeau needs help.
I was expecting more details and instances. Any book which I can read and find out more?
The problem here is, that pakistan was more than willing to let their country be used as a trampoline to repel the soviets in afghanistan. The pak elite have had a stellar record of keeping logic aside in order to appease the powerful masters and them acceding to get involved in this war was just a way of naturally progressing onto the next step. The fact that they had OBL well hidden and kept taking money while pretending to be doing their job, and assisted groups which killed their paymasters is a new low. They really could have played smart, if couldn't have/never wanted to say no. The pakistani establishment decided to let the US supplies be taken through their land for no transit fee. The rationale behind this was given as *goodwill gesture*. The rhetoric of 'not our war to fight' conveniently keeps raising its head whenever relationships go sour. Hilarious it is cuz when they took the money to get into it, they made it their own war. Even more glaring is the fact that these terrorists have attacked pakistanis as well, and it is in their best of interests to carry out operations like zarb e azab without cherry picking. To lump all their messed up foreign policy's failure as something they were forced to agree to just doesn't cuts it.
What a descriptive heading!
Reminds me of a Disney toon
Perks of being a mallflower..
Thanks for spoiling an entire series 😠
That is super frustrating 😠
Just when you thought they couldn't go any lower
Well done guys! Proud of ISRO's achievements :)
Poor stuff. But not exactly unexpected tbh.
Unfortunately, ipt has the sort of content which cannot be rivaled at the moment. That is what allows the cheating scum site (and its 5 other sisters) to get away with scamming and other shady stuff. Maybe try for AR and/or MTV ?
RED is indeed a good option. MTV does interviews as well at the starting of months. So you can get into those. r/invites may rescue you sooner.
For somebody with 0 accounts atm, a lil something to show as ratio proof is advisable I think.
Nope.
o.O
Will try it out. :) It would have been better if the code would have allowed unlocking of any character of choice, while being applicable only once.
&gt; If your looking for free try Podcast Guru Why not podcast addict?
Amit shah is included or not?
Terms and conditions.
&gt;"Very irresponsible," tweeted Pakistani Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif These people know the meaning of irresponsible?
Which email address to use?
Found it to be pretty good. Stuff like this keeps my phone interesting during wait times.
Behind the back, or in front of the back?
Friend installed it on his phone a while back. Seemed to be okay.. Anything specific to be wary of?
&gt; Small displays are a bug, not a feature Err what?
&gt; Looks like G5 Plus will be the last compact device in the G series 'compact'
A hero rises with his Excalibur!
Sync doesn't needs to.
**Limbo** Hitman Go World of Goo Sparkle 2 Slayaway Camp Threes
Really thankful to the dev (would leave a feedback in due course of time), and in the same breath and sentence would like to say that I feel like kicking the butt with red flaming hot iron boots of those assclowns who just do not have the basic manners to at least mention the codes they have taken up. I took the top most code in the below mentioned list. The other codes following it ofc are used up. 28NLUELAY6QAGEHFTPYJ4PB FYN8VMW65LSRYNRZ4W753CB HN5LHCBGXP7VVA3ADJDF0EN D9Y45D19K54STZUPDH0RCFR SZ10S2088VSZ764UJPB8R1T LN1S8GCYMV7AWMLEYB8USU7 MTSVKH1P4WVC1PJH78CY4SB MQCEK1FPEUKE1L3YYJV7V27 629KX2CYBF2DVHGBSBCRVTU 669S56JG4CUJYSDRNL8L1N6 FDJ16RNFCHJBAK75K7FGZYG GFU6PUY6E8QK6JBHS3UCKG2 89EKY8R8WQWWZTAV6F9CNTF LBKXC4X24DEXAVYKZLRMR21 Z7C0YQGNCBGJY7E5X6V70ZQ
The idiots not only increased the screen size, but even have that ridiculous brand stamp as if they picked up a guy who flunked mkting course. Cost cutting to the max! Hopefully, **nokia** will bring a good competitor, and I won't have to recommend/see this hideous handset in person.
I hope you all are aware of what all sorta scams and all the shit show goes on in that tracker? u/alexkaps u/fishyslish u/wholeshow u/Digchrono
I hope you are aware of what all sorta scams and all the shit show goes on in that tracker? You ought to know that the tracker belongs to the family of 6 scum trackers (IPT, TorrentDay (TD), Torrenting (TT), Deildu, Speed.cd (SPD) and Scenetime (ST)) which have a single owner and the slimy fellow regularly indulges in scamming people by locking them out on drummed up charges and later would ask those ex members to pony up some cash to get their accounts unlocked. Apart from this, there are fake lotteries held, which are nothing else but means to again grab cash from the members. They even sell locked accounts apart from selling invites. This ofc is looked down upon in the tracker community. The owner also attempts and hacks user's accounts on other trackers. The owner scrapes seeders from the reputable trackers, and adds to his own swarm, not only making em seed files for an unrelated tracker, but even exposes their IP addresses as well. When the reputed trackers exposed these dirty tricks, he DDoS attacked the good trackers to exact revenge. Ask on the tracker's forum section, and you ll be insta banned instead of getting a reply. &gt;Especially when I'm on it and haven't ever had a problem or heard of anything "sketchy" Even a low level mod was not aware of what was going on, and one of my similar post helped him get the info about all the scam being run by that owner fellow. You ll easily find proofs on r/trackers about his scummy ways.
Looks more like a pic of a bride waiting for that perfect groom to arrive since eternity.
The fast food T20 era's mentality of "Come over to my home grounds, and we'll see what you are made up of" is the epitome of mediocrity.
Remington Steele
Horrible stuff that was meted out to you. Glad that you got it all behind now.
An attempt to get deeper into the pockets of the gullible. Not surprised really, cuz it is ipt. &gt;Ninja change, no front page announcement. You would expect ipt n co to do stuff like this.
Any *respectable* tracker/site will make it a point to communicate such changes to the userbase. Their other option is to seed for 2 weeks iinm, which is grossly unjustified. If there was ANY doubt whatsoever, the no announcement about such a major change only confirms their shady ways. Seeing how ipt is a scum site, it is pretty logical and natural to start linking their changes and moves towards getting more people to pony up cash.
That is a ridiculous way to be looking at the problem.
Care to mention what is the requirement on other (and more reputable) trackers?
Try some grammar based/related games?
He had to refund the money somehow after sticking at the wicket shamelessly..
The cadaver is posing as well!?!
The tweets are mindboggling... &gt;“Rape by, say, Obama is rape. Rape by, say, Tom Cruise is everyone’s dream come true. All subjective.” . . &gt;“The sexual abuse of children will always exist. You can never eliminate it. Sometimes it leads to great art. So there’s also that,” . . &gt;“On the bright side, at least he’s (the suspect) straight.”
Oye, never say Never..
A *user* named North Korea.. With an underscore to boot!
Apart from the tech advancement, filters/lenses and techniques.. Color Correction maybe a factor. Earlier movies had colour as the new 'in thing', so they went with a more saturated look. Cheaper, high-speed film stocks lent a distinctive soft and a grainy look as well. --------------------------------------------- And.. &gt;70's and 80s Vs &gt;70s and 80's Make up your mind man! Hint: Neither is correct.
Parantha hi kyu na hatwa do? (Imported) Cornflakes zindabaad!
ad for what? Need youtube/any viable link!
Ab kya batayein ~~mausi~~ mamu.. Apna toh dil hi kuch aisa hai..
Well, I purchased it a few months back.. have the bragging rights that I was there as a legit user before TOI company ruined it (still expecting that to not happen somehow)
Time to note down the usernames who are backing up the apks me lad!
Why does it appear that the cleavage is getting wider ...
china exclusive till date.. :-X
&gt;Torrent day I hope you are aware of what all shady stuff that BS tracker and its shit owner have pulled off?
That is a downvote?
Sly Cooper!
Limbo?
Plot twist: The camera fellow has a bigger bag of treats with him.
&gt; ~~to~~ too
I hope you did peeled the gorrible thing first?
I am not a fan of either of those dick moves.
&gt; it just reduce the number of notifications icons you can have? It does. One of the review esp pointed out this stupidity, and it keeps begging the question.. that are the makers so dumb, that they wanna milk every fad apple brings about? Including the shaving off the 3.5 mm audio jack?!?
What abt those who use less than three.. ??
Surely captain obvious.
Based on what exactly?
The owner def has had kids.
Stingy
Yep. It is a scorpion.
I got reminded of the windows screensavers somewhat :)
Man.. This is fabulous. Oliver we know abt.. But who is the model, who has been immortalized here?
Dibs on trump coming with - "I DOUBLE dare you!"
I hope they scored the bull's eye(s)..
~~bo~~ boo
Vlc has been doing good of late. Personally speaking, I have not updated the Mx Player pro app ever since TNN took over.
Looks like the icon pack is not available in India.
Dhoni has a very different role to play, and he excels massively. But you got to be out of your mind to be claiming that he has the same skill set as premiere batsmen.
Different era = different meaning to the gameplay, and very different set of bowlers/pitches.
&gt; The Android sales for larger devices have only been so high because of the lack of availability of flagship smaller phones. And yet, we do not have a way to make those profiteering phone makers notice that there is a substantial market for small screen devices.
Couldn't see any George Bush jr's head(s) on any of the pikes.
Can somebody get me more insight into this thing? And esp more about Cable Vs Network drama stuff... (Non USA fellow here)
They actually were going to use 'American Pie' song, but then opted for the U2 one.
Okay, what the bloody hell is goin on over here...?
Lousy excuse.
Can we have the name of the superwoman in one of the comments? Deserves it after that feat.
Can you pls pass the link for that scoring system? Seemed to have missed it... Edit: Is this the one- np.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8aovfb/china_has_started_ranking_citizens_with_a_creepy/
Thank you :)
Not all plans at KFC go through.
"Sorry Ma'am, you ought to dry your dress at the laundromat just like the others."
Where is the NSFL tag?
Take heart. At least it is not Jupiter.
Kitty laviosaa!
Men can wear burqa too!
Your brother seems to be okay.
To grab the lootbox
Bunch of idiots cheering another idiot who seems to be a bit too much into uncharted games
**"Yo Adriennn!"**
They should invite the good boy over more often.
Hitman GO was Rs 20 in India a while back. Second yr in a row that the game went on sale for that price.
https://i.imgur.com/iAavQ7v.mp4
Ever yawned real hard?
That one should have featured in Troy movie.
And it is Top Class. Well done! Lemme know if you intend to make more for commercial purposes.
Dont be silly. That is the moth's excalibur.
They must be *enforcing* the 'no triple riding' + 'no driving without helmet' rule. Maybe even punishing them for jumping the signal. As an Indian, I can tell that we do have utter idiots.. Esp the two wheelers who go about jeopardizing not only theirs, but the lives of others as well just cuz they do not give a fuck to anything rules. They drive in the wrong lane, without side view mirrors, do not indicate before making a turn, will drive with high beams all the time, overtake from the wrong side, block the free lane etc. Police/traffic police too are a part of the problem. They gen do not enforce the rules regularly, nor do they do it strictly. They themselves are out of uniform many a times and are found to be violating the rules as well. They only put their backs into it when the public and govt in general feel that the violations have exceeded the tolerable limit and the police people are issued certain 'targets' which they have to meet in a given time. The govt would simply state the reason for lax rule enforcement being due to lack of funds, but in reality, they are just lining their own pockets and gobbling up good amount of the funds.
Where did I ever say that the police is right with that kinda approach?
\&gt; Agar JIO bola na, ghar ke andar ghus ke maartu. Jio.
I have quite clearly spelt what is the attitude of the police as well as the officials. There is no confusion to be even asking if what they are doing is right or wrong. You also are not seeing the italicized word 'enforcing'.
Woo doo expert
I am planning to get into one.. Over parking issues. Anybody got any tips? 1) not using their garages to park their cars. 2) parking outside the marked lines/diagonally 3) letting outsiders/relatives park in the reserved parking areas meant for the other neighbours' cars.
Jio doesn't gives data roll over. And if chortel was offering that for that 349/- plan, then it is very lucrative.
Toothless resident welfare association + indifferent local authorities towards the plight of citizens like me :(
Sorry to hear abt your decision to sell the condo.. I now know that I am not alone in facing this predicament. :|
That dog got intense eyes.
Sly Cooper collection I believe.
.. As we speak.
So is this photograph.
Woman: Mission accomplished.
Let SCO scuttle plans of political mainstreaming of terrorist hafiz saeed and hiding dawood ibrahim a la osama bin laden.
Cut off the internet. Pick up a book.
Pehle youtube per hi spelling galat milti thi.. Ab yahan per bhi Yeh bimaari Aa gayi..
Looks like a granny bird wearing a scarf complete with a knot
Now you gotta dig more into the old stash and share more. :)
Too rugged to be bothered.
Fantastic! Well done.. :) And thank you for sharing it here.
Man o man..! That is one heavenly looking Pizza..!!
👍👍
A hornet landed on me and I crushed it within the minute. Never wanted to fan its confusion that I was a pin cushion.
To hard..
Need more recommendations of great games. :)
Danny Devito haircut?
Just don't show em Sylvester n Tweety movies.
*In* his allowance?
**PILLOW FIGHTER!** Or is the technically correct term **PILLOW WARRIOR**??
This is indeed a fabulous pic. Could have been easily from a varsity movie.
Nice woofer.
👍👍
Vids or it didn't happen..!
Dang! I thought it was MILF sauce.
Idiots not even wanting to stop for a while and thinking about obvious stupidity they been committing. Like parking issues, driving with full beam 24x7, not indicating before making a turn. Most expensive of the cars, and yet they ll chuck trash out of the window like reflex action.
I would have been praying under my breath: Don't you dare take a dump on me hand you lil bird..
~~VPN's~~ VPNs
Speaking of games: Limbo, Threes, Sparkle 2, Hitman Go, All of em are quite phenomenal imo.
Suggest some good code editors pls? :)
I had purchased the flamingo s/w way back in Jan. So I got that covered up. Just wanted to read up on that thread/post for more information.
Those who have seen him play ridiculous loose shots to be getting out.
This is marvellous! Def top 3 that I have seen. Thanks for sharing this.
South America as well. I remember Chile passing a real badass law supporting NN.
Looks like art installation.
Annd ofc imgur removes this one as well.
That cat belongs to the movies!
If somebody really cares, it doesn't takes too much to clarify the doubt. Then there are people who would 'conveniently' assume things and will proceed to downvote/spew ~~non-sense~~ nonsense. Entirely depends what the intentions/mental setup happens to be.
Quite honestly, I do not mind it one bit. It will make me more careful the next time on. I have been using a Grammarly on my desktop and that has pointed out a few mistakes I used to commit. One of em is the missing hyphen and I have become more conscious of using it more often. Since I do not have it on my phone, the unnecessary usage slipped in undetected. Instead of feeling annoyed, it is a good thing that somebody did for me what Grammarly has been doing on the desktop. In the end, I get to improve my language and that too by an anonymous person.
And I have already mentioned how it is all about the person's mental set up. I have bumped into people who happily make the acknowledgment and do not mind it at all. I understand that there maybe issues like non native speakers (I am too), and other issues pertaining to medical problems, and that is the reason that my post was pretty much devoid of any sarcasm. I am fine with pointing issues to make OP/random fellow notice. If a person is too rigid and thinks it is for any other motive, I am prepared to clarify things.
And as I have already mentioned, I am fine with people pointing out my mistakes. It will help me. And that is the basis of me doing similarly. If any body has an issue, I will clarify my stance.
Take that anti vaxers!
Price point of phones have immense potential to make em magical again.
Compare your experience of Sony Vs Nokia pls?
That is quite odd. Here in India they have priced the Nokia 7+ lower than the 8, but they are quite closely priced.
More of a Compact series fan. Sony has a decent track record vis a vis the updates, and that is matched by Nokia atm it seems. Both are providing good OS on their handsets, and treble is ofc a very good aspect. If only Sony hadn't abandoned the sub 5 inch screen size + had come good on the camera front, it would have been great. Still eyeing the XZ1Compact sometime in the future. Only other handset which may come close to induce excitement like that one would be (a possible) Nokia 7.1
Aren't the updates an important factor while choosing a handset?
You lucky fella. Copying notes without having to pause for deciphering gibberish is such an invaluable gift.
CALC"
Yeah he did. But I thought that I will mention the factors which make for or dismisses a brand's case. Saves time and maybe will give a better direction to the discussion. :) &gt; I do agree that Nokia is killing it in the midrange, and Sony is also doing well. Nokia has been bringing up the matrix phone, or the banana phone for nostalgia+publicity. Hoping for a good old sub 5 inched handset as well. (fingers crossed) Sony overprices stuff with a horrible after sales services.
Thanks for confirming your prowess at being clueless/lost. BT may be the future, but still is half cooked and there is enough evidence to merit that. Your line of 'live in the past' tells quite nicely how lost you are. Incapability to actually do some basic comprehension is seemingly your forte and I do (thankfully) lack that feature. You can continue to be all futuristic, just do not assume that the other person is not doing his homework before deciding against forking out extra cash every now and then.
"LED only on paper".. what do you mean?
Get a case/cover. It ll solve the issue post application.
Yay for country specific handsets..!
Many thanks :)
Seems like the advent of mobile cameras has spiked stupid reactions from people.
At least it is not *application's*.
Ditto!
&gt;but fuck off and bring services to the 1st world already. What sort of a rant is that..?
Whatever be the case, the language and the attitude exhibited an acrimonious mentality. Poor and disappointing stuff.
Get a blood test done already. And don't worry, you won't flunk this one.
There is nothing here that I was expecting. Imgur removed the pic.
He would cry instead.
This thing gets proven.. Then it really should be the last straw.
Such stuff needs to be reported to proper agencies. Longer the fake stuff remains on shelf/circulation, the higher the chance of it harming a person, esp the kids.
Those love bites!
It was fun when he bowled. LOADS of variety, and he was pretty cunning as well. The way he got a 5fer against aussies in an ODI after not delivering with the bat, and grabbed the Man of The Match award.. stuff like that kinda made it official that whenever he was playing, he is the one to most likely get that award. But every now and then he would slip in a loose delivery and that would erase the aura off his bowling. IMO His bowling could have been used more though.
Just do not say that aloud while in pakistan. [Mera Vishwas karo on this](https://tribune.com.pk/story/438587/vishvas-a-word-that-threatens-pakistan/)
When you show up for selection in two different sports team with a single audition.
Ah, a classic loving man. I would like to take the discussion fwd. My entry: 12 Angry Men.
I liked the sounds the coil and the human made.
Kinda reminded you of the bear traps huh?
Till the charges of sexism are formally brought up.
The Snapchat filters are getting crazier by the day.
Righto!
Oh darn.. A friend was robbed of the security deposit he gave for the STB. Chortel will remain chortel.
The heck you deleted that awesome vid for??
Hmm.. This is a trick question.. Right??
Cumulatively speaking, he will remain unsurpassed I think. But I have heard the haters levelling laughable accusations like the two inns formula was suggested by him so as to keep his ODI record safe.
Basically, the hardworking bubble dweller smith failed the fans, and that was cuz the aussie system failed smith n Co. Things were always poised to go bad as you had a cunt of a fellow as coach.. And things right now may still be hanging by the thread cuz the replacement is a cunt, smaller and less smelly maybe, but still a cunt. One of the two investigation team is a sham company, other one may provide results. Took me 4 sittings to go through that wall of text.
I hope you know about the red flagging of ES Filexplorer?
It has been discussed earlier that paid ES explorer is not clean either. Besides, any s/w with chinese connections of any sorts ought to be steered clear of. As you said, Solid explorer is a fabulous option. Then there is MiExplorer, total commander, FX, amaze and a few more to make use of. Spoilt for choice really.
'Wrong solved'.
"Onwards O mighty steed!"
So why ain't the lil fella looking around?
You can start using phone booths and internet cafes etc again to be saved from bothering about taking care of the thing called as a mobile phone.
So that you could be hung up easily if you didn't finish off your veggies.
RIP cranium
Man.. That is so so good. Thanks for sharing. I seldom get the itch to purchase something (which I consider a VERY good trait), and I can say with abs conviction that I would have purchased that lamp in a heartbeat. The makers should re introduce that thing in the mkt again. It looks a classic!
Need pics mate!
Happy that somebody with fond memories got it. :) Get us some pics about the maker/manufacturer/supplier pls? Would help me or somebody else source this magical stuff.
&gt; We need this in the ~~states~~ everywhere!*
I hope people asking and doling out the invites have the knowledge about this tracker belonging to the scum 6. Not a reputable tracker by any means as the owner indulges in every shady stuff under the sun. He is known to hold fake lotteries, hack user's accounts on other trackers, randomly disabling accounts on drummed up charges for extortion later on, and DDoS attacking other reputable trackers.
Sorry to be breaking to you, but the first tracker you enlisted are gen no good for proofs. Entirely upto the other fellow to entertain it as something worthy. Secondly, I hope people asking and doling out the invites have the knowledge about this tracker belonging to the scum 6. Not a reputable tracker by any means as the owner indulges in every shady stuff under the sun. He is known to hold fake lotteries, hack user's accounts on other trackers, randomly disabling accounts on drummed up charges for extortion later on, and DDoS attacking other reputable trackers.
If you are aware abt TD n co's shenanigans, that is indeed a good thing. Never donate and ofc never let disabled acc be of a worry. Tried on other truckers like MTV/AR/Filelist/TL?
Post this on their twitter handle. Screw em over with their own screw driver.
Here is what you can do: Ask abt these claims at those scum tracker forums and let us see how long your account stays valid. That slime ball is messed up in his head, that is a fact. He has DDoS attacked reputed tracker for mentioning facts like peer stealing. For the likes of you, exposing IP addresses is nothing serious but it is something grave. You will disregard documented facts cuz maybe you are too attached to those places or maybe you are zek himself (the owner is known to visit reddit and defend his trackers with BS stuff) One of the lower level mod was not aware of what was going on at the top tier management and my post got him this info that I mentioned here. So with that experience, I am hardly surprised at your ignorance. Lastly, You needn't have written all that wall of text. The first few lines told me it is futile to go ahead in this convo with The likes of you. Have seen loads of such disoriented replies. Stopped reading after the first paragraph.
I hope they ll release a sub 5 inched device as well. If they can pick up from xz1 compact's cue, it will be great.
I agree that Nokia has a lot going for it, but if there ever has been a blunder, it was of releasing the 'missing link' Nokia 7 in china only. Hopefully the Nokia 7.1 would be an SD 710 refresh with a global release. Secondly, if they are that much into creating the buzz and going after the obvious virtues (near stock OS, Android One, timely security updates etc), the locked bootloader is the biggest stupidity by them ever. It could have garnered them immense goodwill + instant publicity. Last, but not the least, they should seriously try to hammer a point by not overlooking the sub 5 inched handset category. At the moment, the chinese handset makers have quite a bit of a headstart+funds. To be making waves by releasing a reimagined 3310 and that banana phone is good for nostalgia purposes, but going and mimicking something like the Xperia compact handset will not only make people feel rightly abt nokia, it will be a product which ll be usable in today's times as well.
I wonder how long before somebody actually kicks neymar in the face for his antics.
AR gen grants invites on Sundays to higher class people iinm. But shd you get into any of the scum6, do not donate.. Nor let yourself hyperventilate if they ban you/your a/c
She has such consistent texture.
A decent bit of people def do. And it is a valid demand as well.
Problem still persists: Unable to access the corners of the screen without having to adjust the grip.
ipt, td, deildu, torrenting, scenetime, speed.cd
And I concur!
Don't B@ me.
Might as well ping Sony that Oz be the wizard that they need. They been doing horribly otherwise.
