I'm the guy (One of the guys?) who uses lenny face as a name. I'm not sure whether I have to apologize or not.
A translation would be nice.
It's a small b8, but it's a b8 nonetheless.
6 fire salamanders. Narrow exit. A fire trap. A sniper. 4 crows. 3 health. A surefire way to not reach the Nuclear Throne. **Edit:** Pun not intended.
Step 1: Go to http://csgo .steamanalyst. com/users/(SCAMMER'S STEAM URL) or in this case, me; http://csgo.steamanalyst.com/users/76561198054428727/ Step 2: Click the big button that says "Missing Float? Click Here" http://i.imgur.com/1sJz5su.png You now know the float value of all of said person's skins.
I did [this](http://i.imgur.com/i8XE22D.png) in ten-ish hours. Double melee with steroids, (sledge + shovel in this case), give or take mutations like Long Arms and Trigger Fingers, has consistently carried me to the throne even though I only have 15 hours total.
I mean... his nickname is One Punch Man. Logically he can one punch Goku when he can do stuff like [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVqS0ntI_GU&amp;t=1m49s)
Nope, just an average boring white male with short hair and no glasses. I might try getting a new stylus eventually; thanks for the suggestion.
Steroids + double melee + flair checks out is op af.
And you probably couldn't hear the [amazing music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd8ZHV_fedE) over all the bullets and explosions.
I'm sorry, but why do people even buy Nuclear Throne on consoles? ^^^(Pass ^^on ^^Vita ^^for ^^being ^^portable) It can run on a potato and the mouse and keyboard are much better for flicks, or aiming in general.
Mouse by far. Better accuracy.
ayy lmao
I wouldn't say it's huge. Even dunkey showed it off in [Dundertale](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtplRk6BdyA)... the video that's coming on to 3 million views.
Yep, that's basically me. Check out my flair.
I mentioned earlier that I would recommend switching to PC **unless you're extremely in love with the (PS4) exclusives.** That's fine, of course. If you want to go off pure numbers, however, PC wins by a long shot. For multiplatform games, PC also wins in that regard. Look at games like GTA 5 and any bethesda game ever; a huge modding community, with more options to change and control your game. If you play your cards right, you can get better graphics and FPS even though your rig was [less expensive than your average PS4.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZR-a35sxLg) Going back to Nuclear Throne, the game has had more support than console versions, with the subjective but extremely common opinion of keyboard and mouse being better than controller for aim intensive games.
I legit thought this was NTcirclejerk when I was on frontpage.
you need to kill the trone with screwdrivr before you get drop
For a good 18 or so hours, I've been rolling with bullet weapons because I feared of running out of ammo for all other ammo types. Then, I watched Star and seen that he did combinations that I found odd for the time, like shotgun and crossbow; replacing bullet weapons like revolvers and rifles. So, I started using the non-bullet weapons more. I performed far better, and realized that you can get ammo hella fast. I can never go back. Stuff like that tip really does make some people not pick the weapons.
At first glance I thought that was a colorblind test.
All you need to do is pray to rngesus to get the [super crossbow.](http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/359527056828781676/48FC052471EB6E1EE8754E065A7ACA867DAB24FC/)
I almost wish I wasn't spoiled before the throne fight. **Almost.**
You could've picked absolutely anything else, including something from the Halo soundtrack... but you chose pop music.
Lil' Hunter is hard as hell when not properly prepared (not having good weapons, bad spawn, too many bots, too many cars, combination), and when you are somewhat prepared, he's pretty annoying to fight.
Try out double melee steroids. You won't need to dodge much when you can just make the bullet hell disappear with a simple click or 2.
I've actually had NT for quite a while; I got it from a friend for free on March 25, 2015. Clocked in 3 hours and forgot about it. ...and now I am completely addicted. Played about 20 hours in 2 weeks.
Lucio has both very good healing (in one match I managed to get nearly 12k), and decent damage. In maps with pitfalls, sometimes he can outperform a zen damage/killwise. No wonder why zen's are still considered to be the most underpowered.
It's the exact opposite of mercy; from an angel to a devil. It fits.
By your logic, mei's firefighter skins wouldn't fit either; or reaper's mariachi skin (from serious to silly).
That's a pretty lengthy explanation to why you would like a skin, but alright. I don't see why you wouldn't like the mariachi one though, that's just hilarious for me and many others. Like putting a swedish dwarf in pirate gear as he stereotypically shouts out "Arrrr!" from time to time.
This is a post from nearly a year ago. I'm pretty sure valve won't be adding any of this anytime soon, and reposting will not convince them any further.
Well, I know that. It's just it's so improbable that it's pretty much irrelevant. I'm just wondering if anyone else has got low level legendaries along with blues and greys in later levels; guess beginner's luck exists for a reason.
I'm 27, and got Daredevil 76 and Symmetra's Goddess at level 8 and 9 respectively. I seemed to have used up all my luck, because now I only get the classic "white, white, blue, white" other than like 2 pinks.
Personally, I got money for upgrading my parts by selling my PS4 that I never used.
I got it very early, like a month after release. There were pretty much nothing but trash/mediocre exclusives back then; Knack, Killzone, etc. The only game I legitimately enjoyed was Black Flag, which was a multiplat anyway. Soon the PS4 was collecting dust and I decided to go more into PC gaming due to my friends recommending it.
The boost was extremely overpowered, and the other team didn't even know the spot existed. It shouldn't have been allowed even if there was no pixelwalking involved.
Frankly, [everyone](https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/2nosb0/insane_boost_from_fnatic_on_overpass/) in the CSGO community agreed that the boost was extremely overpowered; even game breaking. Valve patched out the boost in a few weeks. **Edit:** Also, this became a big scandal about Fnatic (the team who used the boost) asking [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nIf6J8_n7M) person to take down the video of how to do the boost; this was made 8 days before the match. You can see nearly all the major choke points from this one spot.
And i'm just sitting here being salt at your comments because [I used to be addicted to CSGO.](http://i.imgur.com/UiUxgb7.png) Well, addicted till Overwatch I suppose. You'll really need to invest a good amount of time into it to see how ridiculous that particular spot is.
He is absolutely hilarious; every single video he makes is good. From making virtual dildos to a berenstain bears conspiracy.
&gt;Zarya: I have destroyed more of your kind than I can count. &gt;Bastion: *Sad beeps* --- &gt;Zarya: I've got my eye on you, Omnic. &gt;Zenyatta: And I shall watch your back in turn. My favourite hero is an omnic-ist :(
I am currently "running" the game at absolute lowest settings at 50% render scale. 50 fps in spawn, usually ~30 in battles, and it becomes a 20 fps slideshow if things become a bit crazy. My poor Pentium G2020 can't run games like it used to anymore- hoping to get an i3 soon.
Actually I was in a similar situation as Mei on Lijang. A roadhog was coming up the stairs in one of those small corridors and decided to wall him off; except then a friendly Pharah came to try and ult him. I put my wall down but it was too late; the piggy was already gone. I felt bad for him but he didn't complain in chat or anything.
Overwatch is probably the best game i've ever played, enjoyment wise. Even in crappy conditions the game is ridiculously addicting and fun.
Am I the only one who thinks her face is too similar to Mercy's?
That sounds... [incredibly familiar.](http://i.imgur.com/Ls8UdP6.jpg)
I might be going against the norm when saying this, but I don't actually like any of Tracer's legendaries. I'd much prefer one of the epics, even rares. I like Violet Zarya, her epics and Arctic/Siberian Front.
I'm just chuckling to myself by the fact that you're being downvoted because people think you're serious.
Well, thanks for correcting your mistake anyway.
The thing is, double tracers is nigh impossible to fight against. You only have 1 flash as McCree, not 2. And that's assuming the tracers don't keep their distance.
[Filthy casual.](http://i.imgur.com/6mUNoCP.jpg)
We need a louder loud nigra for the true experience.
I'm not telling you what to like or dislike, but it's pretty hypocritical if you only dislike unfunny videos if they have specific memes in them.
Most are snow themed, not all. In that regard it's like flintstones; it can show up in anything and anywhere. I'm fine with it because it always keeps you guessing.
I'm just replaying all it's great exclusives. Mainly PS2 remasters.
I'm just waiting to get a better CPU so I don't have to play at lowest settings with 50% render scale and 25 - 35 FPS. Certainly feels a lot harder to aim when you don't have 50+ FPS.
I got the Horde icon, but i'm not into WoW. I set the one with the guitar and hat instead; reminds me of Mariachi Reaper.
I seen this on /r/Overwatch a few days ago, but I can't find it.
Does lucio switch to healing mode or speed mode when he has explosive diarrhea?
The first couple times I played Winston, I kept leaping off a cliff trying to get a health pack... especially in KOTH maps.
He could of just replaced everything with the [video he was referencing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZEaJT-lw5c&amp;t=6s) and none of this shit would of happened. What a prick.
I'm the same with Jontron and GradeA, more so with GradeA; he blew up fast. I haven't got into h3h3 until a month or so ago, and I might sub to papa franku soon.
It's probably because he started talking about more "current event" drama and such, while also making really good points with great humor. Love his content.
D.Va's ult delays pushes for 5+ seconds. That can literally be game changing. It's not supposed to wipe out the entire team; getting a kill or 2 is just an extra bonus.
I seen a post of this a week or 2 ago, and it was a completely different article on a different site.
Look at this team! We're gonna do great. - *3rd Hanzo*
Yeah, but it's so incredibly unsatisfying waiting for the inevitable.
Suspended already? It's only been 1 or 2 days :(
So far i've only used G2A for COD. It's extremely overpriced on steam.
Ah, yes, I love it when I get some golds/silvers and the only thing to show for it is 50% hook accuracy.
His left click does 2 less damage than McCree's revolver (4 less damage when headshotting), with 3x the clip size. Right click does 150 max damage; 10 more than reaper. It's a brutal weapon in the right hands.
That's odd, considering I had the same FPS throughout from launch until now.
Personally I always keep frames unlocked. I don't see the reason to limit myself to 30 when I get, at the very least, 40 fps. Also high framerate really helps for fast paced games like Overwatch; there's a reason why the devs chose 60 fps on consoles with the equivalent of low to mid settings, rather than 30 fps at high to epic settings.
I forgot how sastisfying it was to get huntsman headshots in TF2, whether or not it was luck.
Nah, they're alright.
Yeah, I thought that was obvious for most. I already have a GTX 750 Ti, and 8GB RAM (2GB uninstallable due to the size of my current mobo). I just need to upgrade to the i3 I posted over my G2020, install my 2GB stick of RAM in my new mobo and get similar performance.
I didn't take that into consideration as i'm not getting any problems with the servers. Still hurts a bit to lose a great game, though.
Level 40 with 233 games here. If he wants to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on a feature that most consider to be pointless, so be it. If he can afford to do that, I'd assume he has a great life.
It's really only useful for turrets. In every other situation, discording and spamming left click is better.
I've had a polar opposite experience. The free mod still has 3x more content than the standalone version I paid $35 for, and I never see any players on 40/40 servers. Even then, the 2 or 3 players I encountered in 30 hours of playing killed me on sight. The gameplay devolves into holding the W key towards different towns and cities in order to find something to do.
I was wondering why the colors looked slightly off. Though i've heard complaints about many finding the colorblind options useless, sometimes actually worser than regular settings.
Thanks for the quick answer. This has been annoying me for quite some time.
Technically, you're a furry if you enjoyed movies such as Zootopia and the Lion King.
I don't need to use anything but a rogue special to kill a gun nut, maiden or shambler without taking damage, and in my experience the other 2 bosses quickly get out of the fire goop, either by sliding away (trigger twins) or jumping away (gatling gull).
That's the thing though. The delay makes it very difficult to actually negate an ult in my experience. I'd say transcendence is much better other than large bursts of damage because of being instant and having a longer duration.
Dude it's literally a guaranteed instant kill on more than half the heroes in the game, as long as it's not countered with zarya/lucio. I'd say that's good enough. Compare it to junkrat's ult: it's also fast charging, but it's also one of the easiest ults to counter in the game.
I'd hardly call anyone a bullet sponge in a game like CoD...
Is this a bug though? He missed genji, but got the hook through the window thing to grab a barely visible hanzo.
Every show that has ever been transferred to nicktoons has been killed off.
swole bird
But the unfinished gun has penetration, a decent fire rate and a large magazine size. 5x better than the rogue special, that's for sure.
No limits is a quarantine zone to contain cancerous OP stacking strats. I hope to never fight against more than 1 tracer or dva ever again.
1v1 is heavily flawed IMO. Most matchups come down to complete RNG, or trying to get every last bit of random tickling damage across the map to kill the enemy faster, like in the reaper 1v1. The only real fun ones in my opinion are mccree, ana, junkrat, hanzo, widow, zen.
Actually funnily enough usually the hanzos are the ones who get picks and do work in my mystery hero games. Like every person that gets the hero is actually half decent with it. You know... except me.
How about it just transfers a reduced amount, like maybe 25% of the ult.
It is, without a doubt, thoroughly difficult, and principally taxing on my brain. Notwithstanding, my ambition is to additionally fortify my vocabulary using this sub.
&gt; Just like Torb being married, having kids, and Reinhardt being his babysitter. Or Pharah having dinner with some guy (might be a date?). The point is that they were showing that the characters have lives outside the main story. But again, somehow her home-life is treated differently. Does Torb being married and having kids any anything that Tracer having a girlfriend doesn't? That's a good point, but i'd still argue some of those plot points could be expanded further upon. Pharah's date could be her father that we haven't seen yet, for example. Tracer's significant other? Eh, not so much. Maybe blizzard'll make her more interesting, like Brigitte or something. Give her a role, or a reason to exist outside of just being a friend or a part of family. &gt; In the cases of ever gun named that and the characters I listed it implies killing some other woman's husband. Though still, it's definition on google is "a thing with the potential to kill men", therefore having the potential to make someone a widow, but not directly stating that it only kills husbands. It could very well fit into the name of an assassin who killed her own husband.
&gt; So how you make it so it's not fan service? Well, again, i'd really like to see her get fleshed out more. Something to keep her from being the one token LGBT character to accompany one of the heroes. &gt; Of course not, just like a bunch of other fluff, like Torb's wife and kids. That most people who complained about Tracer's GF didn't complain equally loud about Torb's wife shows that for most the "this character doesn't interact enough with the main story" argument was not what drove the vast majority of complaints. That's a good point. I think it was because it was a more recent event, in the middle of overwatch itself growing into mainstream popularity. Personally i'd like as much story as I can get, but i'm not sure how far they can go with things like torb's backstory other than "he's an engineer and has a wife and kids".
&gt; how would you differentiate a minor side character who happens to be gay from a "token" gay character? Why isn't Torb's wife considered a token wife? Well, first of all, "token wives" aren't a thing because they are common. The point of token characters is that they are the minority forced into media to symbolize equality. So, things like token black characters and token LGBT characters work, while "token white guy" won't work because it's generally a lot more common and not the minority. Other than that, emily's a token because she fits within 2 things that make a token character; she's a minority, and there are only 2 confirmed LGBT characters in the overwatch universe so far. &gt; Torb's wife and kids were literally shown in the same comic. There was no inkling that he was married in "Destroyer". So that's clearly not it. I was talking about the tracer controversy, and why it was made a big deal of. It was the main plot point of the comic and it happened to reside around the time when overwatch was becoming very popular.
&gt; Maybe not where you're at, but I'm Hispanic, so I've been on the receiving end of plenty of slurs. Well, I certainly wasn't saying they were not getting any hate whatsoever, just that they may have been getting less than the other minorities. I wouldn't have any first hand experience regarding the topic anyway. &gt; So all minorities have to have well developed stories? That means you can't possibly have any minor characters be minorities by your definition. Again, it's all opinionated. Minor characters can be fleshed out too, or at least fleshed out to the point where it's satisfactory. &gt; And this is starting to reverse that trend. Also, the complaints had nothing to do with Lena an Emily being the main focus of the comic, but rather that they were gay. If it had been the other way around with Torb and his wife being the focus and Lena and Emily getting a single frame the complaints would have been the same, that Tracer was gay, how terrible that is for some people. Well at that point you'd need to make an assumption. It could've been just a friend, a lot of people would tell themselves. It would definitely still get attention considering LGBT people in games is pretty rare so far, but not as much attention, especially because it would be so vague.
&gt; They can, but this creates an unreasonable double standard where where every minority has to be fleshed out and non-minority characters are allowed to remain minor, unfleshed out characters. Doubly so because people differ and what counts as a sufficiently rare minority. Is Lucio a token minority for being Afro-Brazilian? It creates a double standard, but not for people who care about all the side characters. It all differs from person to person. &gt; Not if the one panel had them holding hands or kissing or being affectionate, kinda like how Torb was depicted with his wife. At which point you'd still have the same mouth breathers complaining there was a gay character in the game. Well, assuming blizzard was going to use something more vague, like [this](http://i.imgur.com/KXyDByt.png) (without dialouge) or [this](http://i.imgur.com/Vgpw7J3.png). It would certainly be more obvious if it was the one where they were kissing, in which case the picture would get more attention.
It's funny because the more people reply to the troll the more he has a reason to continue. Same goes for upvoting and downvoting him. There is no winning.
Too little DPS and ammo. It'd fit better in B tier IMO.
Poe's law
It seems to change from subreddit to subreddit. I seen it downvoted to hell in /r/ComedyCemetery (quite fittingly), but other subreddits still aren't tired of the joke.
I'm not sure what you're trying to get across here. You're comparing some text on a subforum to a mental disability in order to invigorate your ego?
I'd say tracer was pretty damn broken when you could stack her in comp. Turns out being shot at by 2 glass cannons from 2 different directions was quite powerful.
It's a beautiful sight to behold. Perhaps the rock slime had to be transported to somewhere for the greater good.
Wow, this theme looks fantastic. Probably the best i've seen so far actually.
Thanks for introducing me to another great let it grow edit
Nope, I did not.
OP did not know there was a 2nd link available, as did I.
Yeah, that also really annoyed me. If you want to shovel in some more nostalgic trash into the sub you can at the very least try to do it properly.
Though to be fair even with 1.0 the hook fucked me over as well. It was inconsistent on both sides.
It's not the time that matters; it's the entertainment. There's a reason why Bonesaw's Jak run is universally loved and considered to be one of the very best, despite nearly going past the estimate.
Unfortunately I don't have the game (I wish I did though); I ~~stole~~ found this on /r/GamePhysics and thought it fit under this sub. The mod looks really great though. Loved playing the JC2 multiplayer mod in the past.
Teacher shot up school next door 🔫🔫🔫 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
They didn't suspect a thing
Top #48
PURPLE MAN IS LUCAS IS GOLDEN FREDDY IS ALPHYS IS ASGORE IS SANS IS NESS??? **BUT THAT'S JUST A THEORY**
He was pretty good before he started with his FNAF theories. He got more attention, developed a fanbase that's more cancerous than pre-2015 pewdiepie, and became a lot more unfunny. It's a damn shame.
Funny, i've had the opposite experience. The least amount of items I got for one hero is dva, and she happens to be my most hated hero both in playing her myself and playing against her.
Eh, not too bad. Joke doesn't make much sense but the art is really nice.
Ah, yes, a classic.
Honestly no limits isn't any fun for me because the only way to stand a chance against cancerous stacks is to make a cancerous stack yourself.
The difference between archer and bob is large enough to the point where it doesn't bother me personally.
Yes, I had to use aimbot to earn the kill. It was literally physically impossible otherwise.
Thanks.
Personally I think VIP is hilariously overpriced. I'd honestly value it at $10 at most. Think about it; all it does is arbitrarily remove progression, disable the need to watch ads, barely increase your coin income and save a few seconds of your life when using the elevator. You could buy a Triple A game for $50 on sale... or you could get 4 extra features in a mobile game.
Ah, I completely forgot you were even charged to stock items. In that case, thanks for reminding me of a shortcut that was hiding in plain sight.
That and aren't genji and hanzo's skins generally considered to be pretty nice?
Dang. All the new skins look super nice.
Though to be honest I think Eichenwalde is still much better than Hanamura. Pharahs can go over the roof to backcap/distract, others could go on the bridge to make people chase him, etc.
I'm pretty sure you have to have all foods.
I seriously thought this was a photo for 15 seconds and that you were joking about it being a painting. Well done.
I've noticed that blizzard has a tendency to make almost legendary tier skins down to epic. Stuff like pharah xmas and rein halloween were amazing.
Holy shit those are horrifying. Imagine waking up and seeing a person with that mask at midnight.
I meant a gold bitizen as in a gold star bitizen with dream job + 9, not a golden ticket bitizen.
Essentially, it's a subreddit that gained a small following, where you're supposed to go off to bold e's in your comments. It also formed an opposition sub, /r/AVoid5, based on not using "e" at all.
Well, to be fair, there were a handful of e's here and there (about 5 or so IIRC) but it's still incredibly impressive considering it was published in 1969.
Taken down again, youtube account terminated.
I don't know if I want to thank you or hate you for introducing me to assigned male.
The last thing i'd expect to see in far cry 3 too. In the 50+ hours i've sinked into the game over PS3 and steam, playing through the campaign about 3 or 4 times to completion, i've never seen such an odd bug like this.
Yeah but that makes bastions even more susceptible to people peeking in and out of cover and mobile heroes like tracer and genji. Sounds like more of a significant nerf than a buff to me.
Gave an apron bitizen
You'll have to build it together, but usually prebuilts are more expensive anyway. You could get someone else to build it for you, albeit for a fee, though.
Fresh meat intake
Literally unplayable
There's a subreddit for pretty much everything. And if there isn't, you could always create one yourself.
Torb's gold gun is really ugly too. Deletes the designs of some guns and replaces it with an ugly fading out gold. My condolences.
Lots of weapons have infinite range
The more pairs of sunglasses you wear, the higher authority you have.
It is not, thanks anyway.
Solved! Thanks.
I can run Overwatch and Titanfall 2 on low. That's all I need, really.
In perfect conditions (i.e. the enemy is standing perfectly still and wide open), it is still inconsistent as to whether or not you can combo some 200HP heroes. Take a look here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSzPiIbZTUQ&amp;t=1m8s In practice, where people actually use the movement keys, jump around a lot, and the general map obstacles and height, it becomes even more inconsistent to get a pick now.
It's all satire. Doesn't stop me from praising our glorious leader Kim Jong Un, however.
Feels more like a small temporary solution. A bandaid of sorts to cover the wound a bit. In general, I think the Overwatch devs should take notes from how HOTS's lootboxes work.
Gotta move that gear up!
Why do you sugges not taking the level 7 shield talent when I haven't picked the previous ones? It casts untalented versions on everyone else so it shouldn't necessarily matter. Also, I can see the slight usefulness of poke with needlespine, and healing towers, (i've picked both, except mule for morales rather than aba), but I still think shields would be the best option. Depending on where the teammate is, it could shield a whole minion wave to help them survive, or shield multiple heroes when in a teamfight for a trinket/nuke/etc.
I never said I wanted to throw. Just that it would be a more fun experience and give a net gain of lootboxes unless you get 3 or less losses.
A healer, I hope.
In my experience, a decent portion of console players have absolutely no gamesense/reactions. This takes into consideration the countless hours I invested into the COD and Battlefield series online before I even owned a PC. I still vividly remember the time when 5 players were defending a door in operation metro and I went behind them to knife all 5 in a row without any trouble. So is this phenomenon just happening to me or is everyone else afraid to admit it? I am genuinely curious.
A decent pharah would just kill her in 2 or 3 rockets though. That and sombra's weapon is just useless when pharah flies past hook range, or even a little shorter than that.
Any items that you can buy with gems always seem obnoxiously overpriced. I'm considering on just buying more stimpacks.
Fuck thats some nice animation
When you look at the worst the site has to offer it tends to be... well... the worst part. It's like being introduced to reddit by coontown. Personally hang around video game and cartoon generals from time to time and they're absolutely fine.
Getting a bit of a /r/coaxedintoasnafu vibe from this
I bet there's more than a few people who bought high level accounts though. Not sure why you'd need to though.
Recent reviews should be taken into consideration more so than overall. One tells you how the recent updates changed the game, the other can be absolutely outdated. Like, for example, the culling is infamously garbage now, and has been for a while, but overall reviews are still just "mixed". A good portion of those positive reviews that are artificially inflating the overall score are reviews from all the way back to when the game launched.
I mean, that's essentially a legendary and any epic of your choice.
The nukes are defective, they don't kill anyone that's part of the blue team
Would be a lot better if there was no totally wacky sound effects every 15 seconds. Also these aren't WTF moments, they're funny moments
I don't know when the offer expires but he's a fantastic mount for huge heroes like diablo and the butcher. Strongest goblin in the world.
Force/Ki/Energy/etc.: A central ability that makes the piece of media famous, and well loved by nearly everyone. Edited in sound effects: Very hit or miss. Could be removed entirely and piece of media would be similar. Maybe it really is just me, but videos like these make me feel like i'm watching a sitcom that uses far too many laugh tracks.
I wasn't necessarily asking to remove the sfx either, it would definitely be jarring if they did it in their 87th episode. Just a mild annoyance. Right now I just watch the videos mute.
Buying lootboxes is almost completely useless unless you're a player who has a bunch of heroes leveled 10+. Stimpacks are a much more effective way to get more loot. Gems and their prices need reworking though. Keep in mind that 150 gems = ~$1.50 USD. First of all, gem pricing vs. gold/shard pricing are really unbalanced. Take [prototype love doctor morales](http://i.imgur.com/5V67UHa.png) for example. You could buy a single tint of an epic skin for $3.30... or, you could get it free for a negligable amount of shards, potentially obtained by a legendary dupe. Or you could skip buying it entirely, and get lucky in a lootbox. Epics aren't very rare, especially considering you can reroll. There's also [Dreambreaker Thrall](http://i.imgur.com/uYgCIJ4.png), and again, pretty expensive. 70 cents more for upgrading to a legendary is decent, but the skin itself isn't as impressive as, say, azmodunk. This is more so of a problem of miscategorizing skins rather than gems, though. But, that's not all. Take a look at [kael](http://i.imgur.com/DyIjeY8.png), only $3.12 for a whole new hero to play. That, or you could get ONE TINT for an EPIC skin! For 18 more cents! What a deal. Right now, in my opinion, everything that can be bought with gems is about 1.5 - 2x more expensive than it should be. The only microtransactions i've ever got for the game was the welcoming pack, which was just a no brainer.
lol nervous
How does the butcher heal so much when fighting diablo?
And if blizz doesn't come out with new supports, at least balance them to be around the same level.
&gt; "What is my purpose?" &gt; "You give the enemy ult charge" &gt; "...oh my god"
I'd kill to get 525 shards from 1 lootbox
I feel obliged to give this a percentage-based coolness score.
Personally i've always taken a full orb build. Very spammable and at times very hard to dodge. Also Poking towers for 700+ damage at a safe range is great. Biggest downside is you're trash at close range so you should get the teleporting talent at 13, and possibly 1 too
I got about 6 days left now
Dangit now I want chen to actively slur his speech, stumble around, and flirt incessantly ingame
Solved! And as always TOMT delivers within an hour. Actually pretty amazing. Thanks.
Yeah, it's almost like their reviews for every single one of their games on steam tanked by a huge percentage, therefore significantly lowering the amount of new potential buyers.
I think i've used it like 5 times total. Crossbow and blutsauger have always been better options for me.
Me too thanks ...except I still got a TF2 inventory worth give or take $50, because i'm too lazy to trade it all away to get something else
Doesn't matter unless they do an IP ban. They can just make another account and go right back to feeding.
Explain.
Instead of a phone number it could be linked to the login authenticator as well. If they did that it would force people to get the app to play ranked, but it'd add security to people's accounts and hopefully significantly reduce the number of potential griefers.
True, emulators would easily bypass that. Forgot about that.
Welcome to the experience of picking healer in every game in existance.
&gt;Healing has always been the thankless role though. Then again, it is sorta your job. It would be like thanking an assassin for getting a pick, or thanking a tank for soaking damage.
A bad healer can really screw your team over though. It's just pretty uncommon to see one.
That is true. Healers have an easy scapegoat simply because they're a minority. I still find it to be rare to see a legitimately terrible healer though.
He drank a bit too much brew.
132 hours, got every achievement except money pit and double challenge mode
It's LITERALLY a shitty free mobile app... now on steam.
Personally I take reaching through time instead of bye bye so I can just poke enemies from a distance for all eternity. Any person looking to dive on me will be punished by a trap that I put on my feet, and/or slowing sands.
Rip me playing chromie. She was so much fun. I'd even consider buying her if she didn't require hours worth of gold grinding, or $7.50 worth of gems...
Better than flailing at enemies enemies with a wet noodle I suppose.
Aren't the videos basically commentary-less lets plays with subs though?
Where did her chin go
&gt;when they are spending time on cosmetic content for heroes (new Murky skin) Lol the knight skin doesn't even have any modified abilities. It's a rare skin for an epic price.
I'd use announcers beside default a lot more if they actually said anything about the map objective. Towers of doom just isn't the same without "gather tribute, or face my curse. Your choice is simple.", for example.
I got a spare. Do you still need one?
I assume adjusting the right analog just right. It comes with experience.
Flair
Hate tower, but theme park is meh. I'm more salty that I never got a chance to try out yacht and favela; even if they have a bad rep, i'm a little worn out from playing the same pool of average maps all the time.
It's just a number past 20. No one will care about it.
ASMR
Maybe it is good, but I find the PMM to be my favourite pistol in the game so I use that.
Boop. Boop. Boop. They never learn...
There are some actual people who seclude themselves to gay only communities on purpose, though. How do you tell the difference between a person who says "kill all straights" and another who says "kill all straights"?
Did you get renown/exp?
The attackers could be poorly prepared to face a doc who just headshots anyone running in with his acog, or they could be gassed at the worst of times, or a cav could give her team global wallhack.
He also made jokes and such in the video
It's like people don't understand that context matters
GU mines are better for vision in my experience. They can be played anywhere at a long range.
TF2 updates have been far too spread out and dissapointing to be in the rewards IMO.
Need a video of you guys running in a heist using just shotguns
All the top score smurfs I come across in bronze who are level 25 and instalock ela and ash
Update machine broke
I mean I actually play him a lot, but i'm in bronze/silver and his gun damage is disappointing so take that with a grain of salt.
Nothing is TK worthy except when a caveira is shooting down your own team
Honestly? I've had much worse. They are very inconsistent between locations but at their lowest point they settle at a mediocre level.
Doesn't queer just mean "odd/strange"? Besides how it's somehow sort of part of lgbt now.
It's on google, just looked up "person walks on lamborghini". Beautiful justice porn
I believe this is down to context. Perhaps the reaction was a bit much, but the person could've recognized the thief from before.
Definitely. Never see him picked, and when he does, he doesn't contribute much at all. Both smoke and fire bolts need a radius buff, and his weapons need a look at too.
Why is it too much? Would it make them brokenly overpowered to give some clarity? It's just dumb that you have to play "spot which mine is gone", especially when playing lesion.
You'd have to be watching a chokepoint with the trap, so you'll hear and see the trap disappear either way.
Frost has the ability to use the process of elimination when finding her traps, which will quickly lead her or a teammate to the target either way. Adding an indicator will make it go by a bit smoother.
I'm not sure what sort of answers you're expecting coming from the fan forum for the game
&gt;"Wow, that guy was an idiot, I can definitely take fuze down" *Dies* &gt;"Wow, that guy was an idiot, I can definitely take fuze down" *Dies* &gt;"Wow, that guy was an idiot, I can definitely take fuze down" *Dies* #Round 1 Lost
I'd like to see glaz's thermal scope view of this. She must have a *really* long skull.
Landing several bullets? Are you sure about that? Try working on recoil management and the like, because it only takes 4 bullets or less on average to kill anyone with bodyshots at close range. Also, headshots are a one hit kill no matter the weapon (except shotguns) at any range.
You and your teammates can still hear out for triggered traps perfectly fine. It mainly comes down to convenience.
The point is that you're exaggerating to make no point
Counting my Lesion traps doesn't make me more aware... it's just rather tedious.
That is true; it could be seen as a buff depending on a few circumstances.
Man I thought I was lucky for summoning a mithril golem on turn 1
ye
I exclusively use holo on bulkier guns like lmgs, but ash is a bit of an exception. furthermore she's like the only attacker operator rifle I use that doesn't have acog.
"Hey dude, mind if I sit in this corner for a bit?"
Lesion has the most potential mines out at any one time. You got 7 of them to look out for to see which one was popped.
This would provide a huge shortage in many male domimated jobs, including but not limited to: police, firemen, engineers, electricians, plumbers, and many things related to game development.
Woah this guy caught himself having a certain set of genitals AND explaining, regardless of context?! How horrible!
You will lose profit from 9 out of 22 items. 2 items will make you break even, and 3 items will give negligible profit (2 items &gt; 5g profit, 1 item &gt; 10g profit). In conclusion, only 8 items out of 22 are particularly useful sell-wise. You should only really break normal geodes open to get museum items or gifts.
Have you tried reading the red text?
There's no season pass for them now. There's just a hilariously overpriced rc package with all the y1 ops.
I assume it's talking of dlc ops only or he has starter edition
That's what tends to happen when the enemies are blind and deaf
Just implement a replay review system like that of CSGO; Overwatch (not the game). Basically how it works is that some randomly selected people are able to review some clips of a person playing to see if they are hacking, trolling, or innocent.
You're gonna wana see this fam.. #(NOT CLICKBAIT, COPS CALLED, SOMEONE DIES) But yeah this is a pretty bad bug
Virgin camper VS chad roamer
Should've added "Laughs at the face of death"
I have carefully examined this video and have determined that this person has indeed performed a one tap.
&gt;Anyone else Yes.
Damn. Now that's dedication
See [this wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/wiki/builds#wiki_short_description_about_each_build_price_points.3A) for multiple community-recommended builds with various price ranges. The cheapest rig listed on the site will have comparable or better performance to a PS4/XB1, so it will definitely be able to run siege.
It would be nice but it probably won't happen.
Don't get too salty. It has the potential to ruin team communication, and can affect your aim and playstyle negatively.
Definitely super risky, but I can see the potential in wasting an exothermic charge/x-kairos pellet burst
I'd slash off 8gb of ram, though. That shit is super expensive since there's a shortage at the moment, and 8gb is more than enough for most games.
If only there was some way to find it on the internet. Like some search query you could type in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrYnZ7ZxRe4
And not once did any attacker think to go anywhere else
That's the hilariously overpriced rc package I was talking about. That'll take $28 canadian to get, which is like $8 more than it should be.
It actually does scale. The only year 1 op I own right now is Cav and it's closer to 2100rc for me. That doesn't open up many new oppurtunities though; I could only get some cheap cosmetics with the leftover rc.
Something something switch the genders around
A meme about a cult of silly 3d knuckles models roaming around in a video game, no less
Mocking an accent is technically racist. Think going up to an asian person and saying "CHING CHONG DING DONG" or some shit. It's mainly about the context though, and the context is it's people fucking around in a virtual chat video game with a cult compromised of tiny gregzilla knuckles
Never forget brown being a thousand or so renown more than any other solid color
You can already get random spawns by not picking one in competitive, tho
&gt;I have never been cyber-bullied More like "I have not used the internet for longer than 5 minutes on a social networking site"
Sure.
I don't know, ash can't 3 shot 3 speeds anymore. That could be significant.
Could be delayed, and it would be a tad bit pointless to believe every leak to be fake.
Yeah, and if they do turn out to be fake, so what? You either take a brief sigh of relief or a sigh of dissapointment, and move on.
Whenever it shoots, it's so blatantly obivous. A long blue beam just came out of a giant black pancake on the floor. It's so easy to kill after that.
I want a sombra crossover
To be fair, the p90 could use buffs. Vector is good because its fire rate is ridiculous, but p90 has a much slower fire rate with just 1 extra damage to compensate.
Charge your phone. Anything lower than 100% triggers me.
/r/gay_irl
Strange choice for sure. What if they increased the clip size, so you could fire a few times rapidly, then have to reload?
No, people smurf all the time. And they will tryhard as if they're in their actual rank too.
I'm not sure why the past really needs to matter here. I'd prefer it if operators were buffed or nerfed depending on the present, taking into consideration new ops and the like. The present shows that twitch never had a large community outrage compared to that of ela and ash, so she likely didn't need a nerf to begin with.
My main point is that nearly all of an operator's weight is based on their unique gadgets. It's quite odd for generic gadgets to differ, and it makes more sense to keep the numbers similar IMO.
It has to, but it doesn't necessarily need to be so one sided that you're shooting yourself in the foot if you aren't picking it. For example, doc and rook's mp5; many people take them only for the acog, and people who use the p90/shotgun are an absolute rarity with a lower success rate.
That has absolutely nothing to do with what i'm talking about. ***Generic*** gadgets are like flashbangs, claymores, or barbed wire. They are used by ***multiple*** operators, always with the same number equipped. The only exception is bandit with one extra wire (unless this goes through), and recruit having 1 frag grenade instead of 2 that unique operators get. ***Unique*** gadgets could be anything from GU mines to a grenade launcher. They are used by ***one*** operator, and they make said operator special in their own little way. What I am asking for is consistency in generic gadgets, not unique gadgets or abilities.
Lesion main here as well. I'm just... confused. This buff really came out of nowhere, and I didn't really think he was particularly underpowered. I'd like to see how this plays out though.
He'd be invisible in sex tapes. Perfect.
4 armor 1 speed? That or even resistance to one headshot since he has that bulky helmet.
It's like netflix but green and has some ads or something
It's a lot less dramatic to live a life without some foreskin vs. living without one of the senses. I've researched the topic a bit myself and have found it to essentially be a sidegrade.
More like why you reinforce a wall that you plan on camping by.
The people doing this are toxic/salty assholes. You can't make them stop just by telling them to.
I mean technically your flair is the counter to all the damn nooks and crannies roamers can go to, but yeah, definitely
I've always thought of him as the Far Cry 3 buck, [and he likes to f-](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nexEXfCi_HE&amp;t=14s)
One bullet from the spread of a shotgun will always be 100% accurate, so I would've done a significant dent to him even if some bullets flew off too far to the left. [This](https://i.imgur.com/FteyjmT.jpg) is the frame just after I shot.
Yeah, I was taking out the long shotty for the "get 7 shotgun kills" quest. In the same game I redeemed myself by getting a 3k with the 870, so that's good
me like
I have July 28 memorized because of him
Yeah, that's what I thought too. This doesn't fit well on tia.
Honestly I always thought alpha packs had uniforms in them. Odd decision to not include them.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Loud minority
I agree; the drone is very vulnerable to anyone that's half competent. I just summarized the video if people didn't want to go through it.
Well that's oddly specific. Hooray spaghetti code
The website was hacked by dokkaebi
What really confuses me is that she has a 5/5 body. Wouldn't she still be great with less stats? It's a 6 mana mind control that can be used on any class...
When she does 5 damage to you every turn, she might as well have taunt. And good luck praying to rng if you have any fat minions in play. Even if it is slower and random, it gives so much value regardless of what you or the enemy does. That or i'm just salty because of waxmancer sturmi
I sexually identify as a bundle of sticks and this offends me, please self crit
Editor of the Huffington post ~~wants to kill all men~~ calls for genocide of 3.5 billion people, calls it "the third-wave solution"
Something something "I miss the old star, straight from the go star"
It's nothing you can look at overall. It's on an individual basis where people decide who are toxic and who are not, but ubi has implemented no system to deal with that right now besides the possibly-placebo report button. Also, yes, it is absolutely inevitable to have people with toxic behavior in online games, for all sorts of reasons. The simplest one I can give is that the toxic people stop having fun when they went into the game for that very reason, so they vent it out on others.
What does the scouter say about his power level?!
TIL glaz is handsome squidward Good shit
And it's op's fault for not having diamond-level skill??? That's literaly what ranks are for; fun and balanced games. Not this shit.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
It would become softcore porn... with lasers
Maybe I haven't used it enough, but I don't think it's too great. SMG is also super average so eh
Drop the amount of leather from 50% to 40%
Ah, okay. In the past I felt like it was a bit forced/random, but in hindsight it was christmas (2016) and the comic was pretty cozy overall so meh
Fucking please. The sight looks trash on every gun because of the color.
Your english is good enough. It gets the point across. Next time you post a lengthy title like this, you may want to move some of it to a comment or make a text post instead of a link post. It just looks less cluttered that way.
Actually I found tower to be a lot more confusing than yacht or favela. Yacht just has a lot of hallways, and Favela has a ton of filler outdoors that you don't need to pay much attention to.
The overpriced and inconsisent store economy, levels being useless, long loading times (especially for equipping operators), seeing ela every game. **Edit:** also, the lackluster leaver/griefer punishments in ranked.
rash b
Ayy, I think I played with that guy yesterday
The loading time between equipping weapons with attachments is excessively long. It takes 10 minutes to attach one thing for each operator.
At most, there would be lurkers. People stating their opinion on it would be downvoted to oblivion.
Yeah but we already got the god tier ussr headgear
You know how " I will kill a bunch of people" sounds a bit more tame than "I will commit racial genocide"? It's sorta like that, I think.
You know the most classy thing I see every other game? Spawnpeeking ela. Really gives me the true siege experience.
Bandit and Jager are already very strong. I'd rather bring more attention to literally anyone else.
You need to click only once instead of 7 times for each quest. Saves frames. Will definitely get me a better time in speedrunning siege.
Alt by default.
1. This is a crappy looking recolor that could normally be bought on any other operator for 2500 renown. 2. 108rc is worth maybe a dollar. I'm sure this is their big money maker, as with all the other people who use rc to buy seasonal cosmetics.
They likely would, but ubi is getting a lot more business from their operator cosmetic bundles that tend to be priced 600 - 1200rc. They are far more common and advertised than woodland camo for rook (and *only* rook), along with all the other generic seasonal cosmetics that can be bought with renown.
You're also a facist, a racist, homophobic, sexist, problematic, and a rapist. Those words just mean "people I don't like", right?
I mean this *is* something I could see being posted on the onion.
What the fuck? Also thanks for the fresh 4chan shitpost material
Figuratively stalin
That's completely incorrect. They lock teammates **in** objectives too.
I find it really interesting that you can spec into stuff like more damage or faster harvesting speed and the like. How many weapon mods/tools are you planning to add to the game?
Basically the battle pass adds a premium quest to level up for new items and cosmetics. This item gives you a bit of a head start in said quest, cutting out 10 tiers of grinding. (100 stars = 10 tiers. See what the tiers are on the "battle pass" tab)
[Fortnite](https://www.epicgames.com/fortnite/en-US/buy-now/battle-royale) More specifically, the free to play "Battle Royale" mode. Good game, would recommend.
The original post is [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/FortNiteBR/comments/7riij0/trash_can_is_op/) I wouldn't be confident in my ability to hit any of them, frankly.
Reminds me of pokemon
Agreed. Twitch drones are easily counterable, and lowering ammo capacity doesn't do much other than pointlessly lowering the skill ceiling.
Hey everyone! Since launch there have been lots of new updates bringing new modes, requested features, improved quality of life features, and lots more. As we get into 2018 I wanted to share what my plans are for future updates for the game and what I have planned long term for Cook, Serve, Delicious! 2!! &amp;nbsp; #v1.6 Update &amp; Future Expansions --- In a few weeks v1.6 will be released that will bring some bug fixes, additional features and improvements to some of the interface. A lot of the new features is backend support that you won't see right away, such as getting the game ready for multiple languages and some UI improvements. All of this is in part to help me with getting the game prepped for console exports, the first of which will be PS4. The nice thing about getting the game console ready is that y'all will be getting a lot of new and improved features as a benefit to getting the game on consoles, such as improved controller support, language packs, and more that I don't want to announce just yet. What I will say is that I want to do a major expansion for Steam that will coincide with the console release....more foods, new restaurants, more more more! I'll have news on that in the coming months. Of course, I have a few surprises up my sleeve too...but you'll just have to wait and see. &amp;nbsp; #Coming Soon --- An update after v1.6 will bring Steam Controller support, rebuilt to be better supported in-game than it was in CSD 1, as well as adding additional gamepads such as the Wii U Pro controller among others. I'm also looking into bringing Zen mode to all restaurants, not just CSD! Another feature that's been requested is bringing new co-op modes to the game. The standard dual chef mode will always be in the game, but I know a few of y'all would like the original chef/expediter mode from CSD 1 to be in the game, and again I have some ideas that I want to experiment with and see if I can add them in a future update. I'll be back soon with v1.6! I want to thank everyone again for all the nice Steam reviews and support, it's really meant so much to me! Thank you and keep cooking deliciously!
Damn. Thanks for all this stuff. It works really well with wallpaper changers.
How exactly do you make 300 renown that fast in lone wolf? I only get 30 - 40 renown per TH.
I find it to be more commonly called out as "secret".
Ah, ok. And you suggest playing bomb in particular? I'll try it out, thanks
Yeah, that's the joke. It always seemed hypocritical to me. Person 1: I have various friends from other cultures, such as a person from africa and another with indian qualities. Person 2: THATS EXACTLY WHAT A RACIST WOULD SAY
Literally whenever I use shotguns
Ayy, that's my first legendary too; got it at level 58. It may be pretty boring, but it's a hell of a lot better than [this.](https://i.imgur.com/3GOzRlw.jpg)
No. It would encourage "+5 enemy scanned again"
Consider using [gfycat](https://gfycat.com/) next time
Damn. That Hibana had, like, a 750ms reaction time.
The stats website is ridiculously buggy. For me, the website lists that I connected [4x more bullets](https://i.imgur.com/Dc42I9Y.png) than I fired.
Saving up for next season seems to be the best option, unless you want to get some other specific cosmetics of course.
In terms of how clear and small russian optics are, they are super overpowered. No one would use non-russian optics.
I was just about to make a post similar to this. 100% agree. My main problem is that renown gain seems incredibly random. I've got just 10 more renown sometimes in other matches when I played 8 minutes longer. Losing also grants about 3x less renown than winning in ranked, which is really annoying.
I thought it was the 1st floor of plane
600rc is ~25,000 renown. Therefore, 1200rc bundles are worth ~50,000 renown.
Just replace jager with ela
Tachanka and castle would be op af
Give moar waifus
Him moving to another chair made me lose it
Anti grav operator confirmed
I'm pretty sure it can refer to either
What exactly would those opinions be, though? It just seems contradictory/hypocritical to me.
&gt;Ubi nerfs operator when no one asked for it "You know guys, I don't think that was enough. Let's just remove her from the game"
[This](https://i.imgur.com/ao0cPtr.png) is a really popular image of himself. You can clearly tell it is a reference by the background.
People look out for them later in the round because being droned out and not moving is a death sentence. This is further incentivized when you're being shot by it.
The P12 does the same damage as the P9 -1 point, with a ~90+ higher firerate. It also has the best/2nd best accuracy for pistols in the game.
As nice as it is for the feature to be added, it's still pretty bad design for clearance levels to be *literally* worthless past 20. No cosmetics or alpha packs; just a gradually accumulating number and dissapointment.
Thanks for reminding me. I almost forgot about it in the last 10 minutes.
Is it straight when a feminine penis pounds a manly vagina
I'd like them to buff slurp juice a bit first. I'm always super dissapointed when it drops.
Isn't bisexual in the middle?
It's like valve's key+case system, except the cosmetics have no irl monetary value!
Zofia doesn't have anything. Thats about it tho
Cucked out of 3000rc of cosmetics because I bought the game earlier. Also, I wonder why they decided us to give 4 packs in particular. Like, the devs were maybe thinking of giving 5 away, then some great marketing wizard looked at it and said "nope, -1 pack for those fuckers"
The model isn't very consumer friendly until the starter edition is buffed/removed and/or renown gain is increased. Also, a 2nd premium currency means you're usually forced to overpay, especially if you have the 10% discount. The fuck am I gonna do with my 15 rc?
To provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment
&gt;Calling out downvotes on reddit Tends to get you more downvotes. &gt;Actively calling everyone and everything around you a dumb child I don't know what you expected. Overwhelming praise? &gt;Doubling down A sudden spike in upvotes... just kidding. You fail to see the argument of the other side.
God that shotgun is so trash. Nice play tho
With that said, it's good to at least get something out of downtime. Other game devs do it, such as ubi in rainbow six siege.
Since it had 6 rounds and took 2 shots to kill at point blank and 3 shots at short range (as shown clearly in the video)
This has been done many times before, but you're the first person i've seen who went into a bunch of individual rooms. 10/10, here's the upvote you get for 2 hours of dedication.
Don't worry, you'll get a whole 10% off! That means you'll save 30 renown per pack you buy... which will mean you'll have to buy a shitton of them to get any use out of said extra renown.
You're right, let's just let ubi fuck almost everyone out of 3000rc worth of shit because we bought the game earlier
Out of curiosity, what does the download link lead to? How fast and free)) is it?
In my experience, the bloom makes the dps more inconsistent than tac shottys, so I never like to use them.
Well, of course. The problem comes in that the legendary droprate is ludicrously low with no pity drops. This comes along with the fact that you may not like the legendaries; I looked at all the black ice and legendary cosmetics just now and found that I only really liked half of the stuff offered, which lowers your super low chances. Basically, you're cashing into a 1% chance to get something you really wanted out of an alpha pack. Maybe another 4% will be other skins you would've bought otherwise that aren't legendary, but some could still leave you at an overall renown loss (180,000 for 50 alpha packs = 3600 each).
Cant wait for operation well-being in season 3
Classic 1 + 3 mana 7/7
Of course not. I don't have a vm though, and I certainly wouldn't know how to work with one.
2nd middle icon reminds me a lot of junkrat
Virtual Machine.
It's a pretty crappy free item in a lot of cases. Everyone else has it, so it becomes default ash 2.0, and you have no choice as to what item you get. Frankly, I would've preferred just getting more outbreak packs...
Elite skins happen to be 1800rc, so you could buy whichever elite you wanted... instead of the less convenient answer of ubi deciding for you.
Everyone will get the skin and it'll become ash's second default skin. People playing after outbreak will be discouraged from buying the elite skin since 99% of the fanbase got it for free a month ago. It's actually a better economical decision to give players the choice with breaking down the elite skin gift to 1800rc.
It's not a solution; it's what you would call a "band-aid" fix. Ubi is acknowledging that they screwed up, but only for the game pricing so far; they have yet to go over the paid rng lootboxes, which was the second largest concern within the community.
If they came in and said "nope, just kidding!", ubi would be digging their own grave for pr.
We have yet to see how different they are. Could be a minor recolor.
If you buy any of [these](http://store.steampowered.com/dlc/359550/) bundles because you want to be a special snowflake, fuck you.
~~Everybody~~ Nobody wins!
Many people buy skins to stick out. It's the reason why there's so many cosmetics in the first place. If everyone has the ash skin, it loses its uniqueness. This could have an adverse effect on elite ash sales, since the skin will be about as desirable and valuable as the elephant skin. Because of that, I think ubi would be better off giving 1800 renown to everyone; enough to give people the option to buy elite ash regardless, but it still allows for flexibility in people who never wanted the skin to begin with.
They aren't very good op videos, imo
SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY SCAR
It's more consistent than other guns, though, so you have to use it, especially early game.
The smgs have so much bloom that i'd rather use a pistol. The rifles don't have too much bloom but will still lose to shotguns at mildly close ranges.
Have you watched more than 25 seconds of the video?
Whether or not you agree with his political opinions, i'd still give the video a watch. It still shows both sides of the argument and the like. It seems that you're judging a book by its cover.
What really gets me is that the main reasons he was banned was because of the owen wilson and air canada jokes, but neither of them knew of it or cared about it.
Understandable, have a nice day. I'd like to hear why it's stupid though.
&gt;Notice how Glink spins this into some sort of issue with GDQ being too much of a safe space for the LGBT[...] I disagree. He only says that it could be a reason why there are strict rules ([10:58](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5TGFEoidEM&amp;t=10m58s)). He never says it is an issue; just a possible contributing factor to GDQ being very PC. &gt;I see this post is already being rightly downvoted into oblivion, so I won't bother. The link post is 50% upvoted. Regardless, I don't care if you downvote or not.
Of course it is not, but the problem is gdq has become debatably too PC. No fun allowed, if you will. They have priorities like cracking down on twitch chat because they spammed emotes, or banning popular and entertaining runners like bonesaw for unclear reasons.
Transphobic? That's a pretty heavy word for emotes, man. Obviously twitch chat isn't of the highest intelligence, but that's reaching pretty far.
Looks like I was a bit late, but oh well. https://i.imgur.com/rwKHw8y.png
Most of what you name is definitely very rude, and doesn't have a place here. Still, showing your hatred for trans people by spamming emotes seems incredibly odd and stupid to me. &gt;[...]spamming shit about how being trans is a mental illness and whatnot[...] [Isn't it, though?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_dysphoria) It's still pointless and rude to point it out, especially in this context, but it is literally called a disorder, [which is synonomous with an illness.](https://www.google.ca/search?&amp;q=disorder+vs+illness)
What do you mean? It makes him U N I Q U E
"I wouldn't post GIFs of this known racist" No fun allowed, jontron is problematic and participates in wrongthink
Saying the "nigger-word" is literally up there with being a KKK/neo nazi member? Really? I wonder how triggered this person would get from watching 5 minutes of etika.
#ONLY 90S KIDS WILL REMEMBER THIS
It is something that needs to ideally be cured, so it's an illness. Whether a person gets therapy, a sex change, or anything else is up to their discretion; they all serve to come towards a "cure".
The sam and max games are hilarious, but ymmv regarding the puzzles. I certainly got stuck on a few myself.
Well, in CSGO, inspecting can be cancelled at any time by firing. You could also just bind it to a far away key that would be unusable in combat.
Your only solution is to buy vip from the year 3 pass
Actually, most of the regret comes from the genitals not being "authentic". I'm too lazy to dig up articles and all, but that's the gist of it; people with genitals they are not supposed to have create a whole myriad of complications because of their genetics.
Some of those pictures are fuckin hilarious
There's many reports of sjws promoting, enacting, and defending violent acts against their political opponents. That's a bit of a problem, I think.
Favela (MW2)
Yeah, he accepted the consequences. Still unclear exactly why he was banned (from submitting runs).
Damn, I shoulda remembered siege had a general earlier. They've got some quality memes there
Then you get to fire one shot off before dying but it turns out they got 50 shield and brushed it off like it was nothing
First of all, you should really get a mouse with side buttons; it'll really help. For example, i'm using a razer deathadder. I use F for floors/ceilings, T for traps, mouse4 (right side button) for walls, mouse5 (left side button) for stairs.
Personally i've started mapping shotguns to the leftmost slots, since that is the weapon you'd want to use if you're surprised in close quarters. At medium and long ranges, it's best to panic build instead anyway.
Wow those are some homegrown potatoes
Everybody betray me, I fed up with this worl
It would help a ton if he could place his turret faster, and make the placement of turret and deployable less finicky
Usually when I think of people with elite skins, I think "wow, this guy must main [operator]". When I think of ash's elite skin, i'll think "wow, this guy must have played the game sometime in January 2018"
Yeah, that's the problem
I really like your style. Very creative.
Patch notes: - Acog has been removed from Doc's weapons. - Acog has been removed from Rook's weapons. - Acog has been removed from Echo's weapons. - Acog has been given to Ela's Scorpion.
I just find it sad that 2/3 armor ops might as well just list "maaaaybe you'll die to one more bullet, but you're like 30% slower". I'd prefer them getting buffs to stand a chance against 5 speed ash/ela.
The technology just isn't there yet
You can select whatever map you want to play in csgo, at least in competitive; so you could simply turn off dust 2 or other popular maps.
This would overall be a nerf to her since defenders have an extra option if they think they are in a super obscure or protected area. No cams won't usually matter for anyone that isn't valk I think, since dead teammates are already taking care of that.
Hold W to pay respects
The score system works perfectly. &gt;+5 enemy scanned again
Acog on turret is dumb, but the rest seems nice. What i'd really want is turret and deployable shield placement to be much less finicky, so I don't need to place my turret 5m away from the shield.
If the pump suddenly did no extra damage for headshotting an opponent, it would still be used because it has 90 burst damage compared to what could've been a single AR/SMG shot instead.
If an LTM only has duos/squads as an option, I just won't play it ever... simple as that. I'm sure others feel the same way, even vice versa. You won't be 100% diluting the playerbase.
It's about sending a message
He literally has a 41% winrate
Holy shit thats impressive
Are you telling me this isn't exactly what thieves wear all the time IRL?
Genji and Chromie would be too difficult, I think. Others are good though.
,
Couldn't expect anything less from glogan himself.
Top all time is swamped with dead links as well
What would win, a blue shotgun found on the floor or a legendary sniper rifle/SCAR/rocket launcher/shotgun
&gt;he would have killed them with a revolver at that range. No, he wouldn't have enough time for that. No other weapons could kill that many people that fast. &gt;just because you suck with shotguns doesn’t mean they aren’t balanced What is your definition of "sucking" with shotguns? They are by far my most used weapon, and I end up getting the most kills with it (like everyone else). I also never mentioned any disdain of shotguns other than the pump. The pump is specifically a problem because it is one of the most common and powerful weapons in the game. It is one of the only weapons that can be reasonably brought from early to late game without hassle with its superior burst damage.
&gt;I have actually never come across a white person that isn't racist. Yeah, that tends to happen when you think that racism means "white people".
Well, i'd hope so. The KKK is pretty rare to come across nowadays.
Horde skins make me uncomfortable for some reason, especially junkrat/johanna
Yeah, she has no purpose to exist as long as jaina gets similar poke damage without the need for a baseline quest.
The hell was that heavy shotgun firing, nerf darts?
This is so sad. Can we hit 50 children who drop tilted?
The same thing would happen regardless if it was high or low ground.
You can't grind for a peeking advantage. You can for mats.
Yeah dude, I hate it when games become better.
Yeah, have fun trying to build in a building.
2 lane maps murdered my family in cold blood, and then they pissed on their corpses.
Decent enemies will just not give enough time for you to do that, and they are already in a position to ghostpeek so they could very well just disengage.
&gt;Now excuse me while I try to get that knot out of my brain. Why would you want to? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
2 ramps with it being 33% more rare? Sign me the fuck up!
Explosive ammo was already pretty damn rare, that didn't need a change. Nor did the pinata, or the floor mats.
Not shitty, but maybe underwhelming for such a limited commodity. You can already grind to 600 mats every time at mire.
Attention.
Can those weapons be commonly found on the floor earlygame?
Pump/Pump is far better than pump/tac if you hit your shots. It's more accurate and damaging.
2 more pumps?
I tend to have both when I have the chance, swapping pump for rpg (still keeping a heavy/tac shotty along with it) and sniper for nades. Both are very useful. If for some reason I had to choose one or the other, I think I would take the nade launcher. Shotguns already fill a close range role, but no other weapons have as much destructive power as the grenade launcher.
Yep, my point too. Not sure why I was upvoted but you were downvoted.
I am disgusted... and intrigued.
This actually looks really damn good.
When you gotta piss really bad
Taking away half their health pool is a pretty good reward, I think.
just build lol
I'm interested why Saet needs an immediate kidney transplant
