I guess I didn't make myself clear. As of now, I do believe that homosexuality is sinful according to God's laws. And I believe it is very important that God's people obey God's laws. However, it is not important that I go around telling the people around me how wrong they are. Unfortunately, many people have made it their business to tell gay people how wrong they are by saying very hateful things. That ignorant behavior has become so common that if I simply mention that I believe homosexuality is sinful, I may (almost always) get put in the same box with all those hateful people. In addition to that, my friend does not consider himself one of God's people, so for me to tell him that he's not obeying God's laws would mean nothing to him except that he might think I'm looking down on him. So what I said was not merely an effort to avoid saying how I feel. I honestly said exactly what I think. There are lots of things that matter. My stance on this issue is one of those things that matters, but there are more important things to talk about. I did not downplay it. Prior to this, I had spent about an hour consoling him about his dad (who had said some very hateful things about his sexuality) and ensuring him that I love him even if other people are hateful. &gt; That's why they asked the question, and, as you said, after numerous attempts to avoid the question, you still avoided answering it honestly. Why would you continually make efforts to avoid that question? Are you that insecure about where you stand? I did not make attempts to skirt the question. I made attempts to avoid the conversation (about whether or not homosexuality is sinful), because Christians already say far too much on the subject. But since he asked, I did answer honestly. I told him exactly what I think. And I am very secure about where I stand. I have approached the issue very torn and open-minded, and, after much deliberation and prayer, I conclusively gathered that homosexuality is sinful. But I also concluded that we (Christians) should be focusing on all the positive effects of a relationship with God - not all the things that the people around us are doing wrong. I try to focus on the positive things in life. And I believe that, by doing that, the negative will have no room to grow. That is not asinine.
I was not dishonest. Everything I said is exactly what I think and how I feel. You should know that in response he thanked me for my honesty and open-mindedness. &gt; So your stance is important, just not important enough to talk about when your friend asks? Yes, exactly. My friend wanted to know if I was going to one day reveal that I had secretly hated him for being gay like his dad did. I believe that having a relationship with God and committing oneself to participate in the community of God's people are more important than whether one is gay or not. He asked how I feel. I told him how I feel. Nothing dishonest about that.
What about [Matthew 6:10]? I am a part of the Kingdom of God, but I'm in this world. So how can you say that the Kingdom of God is not of this world? The Isrealite theocracy pleased God at times. In fact, there were periods when they were quite sucessful in doing God's will.
When I read the OT, the pattern that I notice is that when the leadership/government fails to uphold Godly values, the people stray from God's ways. But when the governors are Godly, the people follow God's ways. I would say rules/government have a major effect on people's hearts.
It's not idolatrous to have human leadership. God appointed several judges over Israel. They were given the authority they needed to rule the people as well that the tools (e.g. wisdom, kindness, patience) they needed to avoid abusing their authority.
I believe it's something like this: **Joshua:** Hey, are you on my side or their side? **Angel:** I'm on God's side. And I'm the leader of everyone on God's side. **Joshua:** Oh ok. Well I definitely want to be on God's side. I'll do whatever you say. I've heard lots of sermons where the main point is, "You should be asking God what he wants you to do - not telling God what you want him to do," and they try to come up with so many examples and analogies. I always wonder why they don't just use this story. It's directly applicable to daily life.
&gt; There's a difference between living in the world and trying to create a worldly government of the organized Christian religion, with, presumably, the enforcement of religious laws and morals on all citizens, even non-Christians. But the kingdom of God only enforced its values on the people of God, including non-Isrealites who had joined the community. But everyone else was considered an outsider and treated as such. Godly practices were not expected of outsiders. &gt; The Israelite theocracy failed, time and again. But every time the Israelites ran into trouble, it was becasue they had strayed from the system that God set up. The system worked as long as the people followed it. The theocracy was a major success as long as it was followed.
I think everyone could benefit from the Christian model of a good community. Admittedly, there are many churches that don't set a very good example. But I'm talking about the ones that do it right. Growing up in the church has been beneficial to me in countless ways, but one really big one has been realizing the power of a community in which people love and support one another despite their vastly different backgrounds, circumstances, and perspectives. It's incredible to see how a group of people, who would otherwise probably never be in the same room together, can be drawn together by their common understanding that happiness comes from serving others and their common goal of pursuing that which they believe to be good and pure. Moreover, the church community is made up of broad cross section of society, so it contains all kinds of skills and disciplines. Because of this, the community is capable of achieving great things, even with few resources, and while maintaining a humble attitude. Of course all of that I've described is not unique to Christians. This is how the ancient Israelite community was designed to function long before Jesus Christ. What Jesus brought was a reminder that this community was not meant to be exclusive. He taught that the community of God's people (referred to in the Bible as "the kingdom of heaven" or "the kingdom of God") should have an open-door policy for anyone who wanted to be a part of it (by both contributing and benefiting). I think the only thing that could be better than such a unified community is allowing others to join it. It makes me so sad that there are entire churches that don't understand this; they're missing the point completely. Then outsiders wonder why anyone would want to be a part of that. I wish everyone could experience it the way I have.
No. It's not critical to understand everything about the nature of God. For instance, we could debate for a very long time about the shape and color of God. One could argue that those attributes are part of God's nature and therefore we should know them and believe in them. But most people don't waste their time with such trivial topics, because in the end it makes no difference what color or shape God is. So simply saying that something is part of God's nature does not give it some inherent importance. Similarly, I'm asking what makes the Trinitarian understanding of God important? What difference does it make?
Of course you have to know **something** about them. You have to know many things about them. But there are also many things that you don't need to know. There are lots of trivial attributes of my nature (like the way some of the freckles on my arm almost form a straight line) that my wife does not need to know in order for us to maintain a good relationship. So what makes the Trinitarian understanding of God one of the important things and not one of the trivial things?
Which part of the gospel requires that Jesus is God?
"If only you would be altogether silent! For you, that would be wisdom." -God to Job (Job 13:5)
God's people were well-acquainted with God's forgiveness long before Jesus' death (Nehemiah 9:17, Matthew 6:12). And regardless of Jesus divinity, he lived a perfect life and died a sinner's death, which is a sufficient sacrifice. So it seems like the gospel is still good news even if Jesus wasn't God.
You said that the part of the gospel that requires Jesus' divinity is God's self-sacrifice. I was pointing out that God is loving and forgiving even if Jesus wasn't God - even if God didn't sacrifice himself.
Those are marvelous things if they are true. But even if they aren't isn't he amazing and loving?
If you read the post, you'll see that that is exactly the reason that climate change should be a priority. Rich people are least susceptible to the effects of climate change. But the poor and marginalized are the ones dying from it (in droves). It would be hypocritical for Christians to pretend they care for others by "spreading the gospel and witnessing to others," while simultaneously hurting the same people.
We know that natural disasters are caused (at least in part) by factors that are within our control. For example, the Dust Bowl of the 1930s was a series of three "natural disasters" (drought and dust storms) that were caused by [farmers failing to use dryland farming methods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dust_Bowl). The solution was to educate farmers on the proper way to farm on the great plains, and we haven't had a dust bowl since. The current climate change problem is the same thing but in a larger geographic area and over a longer time scale.
Yeah, but I couldn't come up with a wording that I liked. I figured people would know what I mean.
I would love to know why. Which of the points do you disagree with?
They differ in that one is physical and the other is metaphysical. If you're willing to accept that difference and compare them accordingly, then I think it's fair to say that the two are similar. If you doubt the metaphysical altogether, then this conversation would have to be very long.
If man is causing the problem, then what makes you think it's too big for man to fix? As pointed out in the post, man was made the steward of the world and its inhabitants. &gt; Before the earth goes beyond the tipping point and life on earth is threatened As mentioned in the post, many thousands have already died and are dying still. &gt; Instead of getting involved in the world Of all the wisdom in scripture, none advocates for complacency. We are obligated to help the less fortunate, even when we played no role in their affliction. How much more when we are the source of their suffering!
I see. To an extent, I agree with you. I was careful not to say that climate change should be anyone's **highest** priority. For example, stopping violent crime is something that requires a direct as well as indirect approach, and the direct approach may not always be resource-efficient. Same with caring for those in desperate need. However, as the post points out, almost all of the actions that we can take to help the planet don't require the expenditure of resources. In fact, most of them will actually reduce expenses, which will free up resources for helping people more directly. I can't think of a situation in which the church's efforts to help people would prevent it from also helping the planet.
That's kinda the point of the original post. It first lays out the evidence. Then it explains the conclusions that are drawn from the evidence.
That sounds like a lot of excuses to not try. I don't know the effects of everyone changing their habits for the better, though it's hard for me to imagine any realistic negative consequences. However, I have examined my own life and noted every possible way for me to reduce my own carbon footprint, and I have begun to do so. And I expect others to do the same.
What do you take that verse to mean and how is it relevant?
By what definition of religion? I do not worship it and it does not take away from my worship of God. In fact, I take care of the planet as an act of service to God.
I hope that if/when we implement some semblance of a solution to climate change, we will return to solve the root problem, which is this kind of thinking.
I think Jesus attempted to address this in the parable where a man leaves his servants in charge. He expects that when he returns he will find that his servants are working and have been working in his absence. The servants shouldn't just sit around waiting for the master.
This is a really good question and I'm disappointed that it to so long for someone to ask it. When any person suggests that others should change their actions, that person should be asked to give an account of his/her own actions. Fewer people would tell others what to do if they knew they would be held to the same standard. My wife and were typical suburban American consumers. I am proud to say that when we realized we were part of the problem, we radically redesigned our lifestyle and left consumerism behind. The only way I could share this post was knowing that I'm not asking anyone to do anything that I haven't done myself.
But I'm not the left. So are my concerns legitimate or do you think I also have an agenda? What is the the left's agenda? Getting all the scientists in the world to accept climate change and make up evidence to support it seems like a huge gamble and an ineffective way to push an agenda.
You're right that the problem requires cooperation, but the first step is making personal changes. This is true for anyone trying to get someone else to take some action. You must first be an example. Then people are more likely to cooperate.
My detailed assessment in the original post does not use any politically motivated sources. The information is peer-reviewed and factual - not opinions. I have done my best to fairly examine both political perspectives and it seems that both sides potentially have something to gain. Yes, some people use this issue purely for political gain, just like some people abuse their positions in church for selfish gain. You must look past that and assess the truth of the matter despite the human selfishness surrounding it.
There are three reasons. 1. I don't think MLK Jr. was wicked or deceptive. At worst, he was undecided. 2. Of the reasons that Jesus gave to despair or be angry, hell wasn't one. Jesus directed his followers' attention toward their neighbor's wellbeing in this life - not their own wellbeing in the afterlife. 3. If anyone is in hell, it's not because someone else caused them to go there. It's no one's fault but their own.
For the sake of promoting discussion: 1. Isn't that what deacons are for? If not deacons, then close friends? 2. You could say the same for musicians, but churches often have plenty of them, or they go out of their way to find them. Obviously, some churches would have trouble implementing this immediately, but if the church promoted learning useful skills in the same way as music, then I don't see why they would have trouble finding skilled labor among the congregation. 3. It would probably help to have an organizer. But if that organizer delegates to responsible people, he/she shouldn't have to commit much time to managing them. Even if it did take a lot of time, it doesn't have to be the same person all the time does it? 4. Why? 5. Often times the church/staff is honest with its funds and there's no reason to doubt them. However, part of being equally yoked and bearing one another's burdens means I pick up the slack when my neighbor falls short, even if it's my neighbor's fault. Even if it's the fault of the doubter, I'm suggesting that the church could help by using donations to feed and clothe those in desperate need rather than pocket some of it. 6. Are you suggesting that it would be a lower quality ministry if responsibilities were shared or if it required less time?
Thank you. I understand that you're interpreting this verse to mean money instead of honor, but why do you think that? In an honor-shame society, it's reasonable to think that honor here actually means honor.
But isn't everyone in the church expected to serve? Why not pay everyone?
That's a good distinction to make, but in your analogy, the flock is made of people who are also expected to serve, so shouldn't they all be paid?
I wasn't trying to generalize. I understood your explanation to be this: *The pastor works by serving the church, so he should be paid.* Did I misunderstand? I'm wondering why that can't apply to everyone who serves? Or, why can't his work be distributed so that anyone could do it in their free time, thus freeing the money up to help people in more desperate circumstances?
At my current church, God does (not being facetious) and it seems to work pretty well.
It seems that you have missed the point of the post. I know that some people have chosen to serve the church in lieu of secular work, and they expect to be paid. What I'm saying is that that draws a lot of unnecessary negative attention, and it seems like we could avoid that if we would just divide the work load of service so **everybody** in the church (including leadership) is free to earn their own money instead of taking their income from the donations.
What is the benefit? In what case would it be preferable to have one person do the work of the whole church (and pay him) instead of having the whole church do the work (and use the money to help the needy)?
&gt; should have the same salary regardless Yes, but that salary is usually funded by the donations of the church as I said. &gt; if you expect to have a full time pastor As I said in the original post, couldn't the workload be divided so that you don't need a full time pastor?
I understand that in some parts of the world, most people lack the education or time to sufficiently teach or help with leading. In that case, maybe they can delegate one person to get the education and commit the time while everyone else pays to put food on his table. The early church leaders would be an example of that extreme situation. However, as you mentioned, that's not ideal. And if it's not ideal, then we should avoid it if possible, right? In most of the developed world today, it seems perfectly possible. In the US for instance, most people are educated and have some amount of free time. So why not have everyone pitch in to do the work instead of paying one person to do it?
I gave two possible ways in the original post: 1. Distribute the workload so that nobody has to serve full time. That would allow everyone a chance to earn their own income. 2. People could work hard and spend their money wisely to build up their savings before going into ministry so that they could afford to work for free. Also, attending seminary is not the only way to get an education or to effectively lead a congregation. Also, people do not have to take on debt to go to seminary.
&gt; If they are doing work then they deserve to be paid. ...unless you're a layperson? As a layperson, I am expected to serve my community while earning my own income, and I am not paid for it. So why pay some people and not others? Is there something fundamentally different between the work that I do and the work that my pastor or music leader does? &gt; That's unrealistic There are a lot of people over at /r/financialindependence who would disagree. My wife and I are on schedule to reach financial independence by age 32 on meager salaries. It's really not that hard if you loosen your hold on material pleasure. &gt; How many people do you know I currently know six people who have achieved financial independence before going into ministry so that they could serve without pay.
The things you mentioned seem like reasonable expenses. Of course every necessary expense for the church to fulfill its role is justified. By "pocket" I meant the portion that goes directly to an individual for some service that is optional (or could be shared by several people so as not to require compensation).
Because the roll of a full time pastor is not explained in scripture, the term "full time pastor" has no concrete meaning to me. As I've seen it practiced, it usually means a person who leads the church (at least in Baptist churches where they don't have elders). They prepare at least one sermon per week and maybe a bible study. They are on call day and night to counsel members of the congregation. They manage many of the administrative tasks of the building (if the church has a building). They serve the community. They organize church meetings outside of the Sunday gathering. They are also usually expected to have a seminary background, even though that's not the only way to gain an education and that is not required by scripture. Meanwhile, many unpaid members of the congregation work full time jobs in addition to serving the community, leading parts of the congregation, and studying scripture/doctrine/theology. Meanwhile, many other members of the church spend their evenings eating at restaurants, watching television, and doing other unproductive things. My point is that many of the laity are doing much of the pastor's work for free and many more of the laity are available to do the same. &gt; You seemed to imply that more funds leads to a higher salary. I was not implying that. I was simply saying that the pastor is dependent on a constant stream of donations to keep food on his table.
No. I just gave that as one example of the potential drawbacks of having paid staff. There are potentially many others, and I'm not sure I could name the primary one. What prompted this post are a few realizations that I've had over the last couple of years: 1. Reaching financial independence at a young age is quite feasible for anyone in a developed country. 2. The modern proliferation of information means that many more people can gain a religious education by personal study and mentorship outside of seminary. 3. Many of the laity do less work for the kingdom because they believe that by funding the church, they have done their job. 4. Many nonbelievers would love to be part of a loving, serving community but they aren't open to the church because of money (either rumors or past experiences or suspicion or realistic concerns). 5. I have had the opportunity to participate in a church that has no paid pastors or staff and there has been a long list of tremendous benefits. 6. Some paid pastors live in bigger houses than I can afford. 7. Some paid pastors have really bad personal finance skills.
&gt; If your pastor has no training...sounds like a shifty pastor. You seem to be assuming that the only way to be a good counselor or leader or to have sound theological understanding is through formal training. A godly community should naturally produce many good leaders and wise, learned counselors. I think that's the point of, "Impress them on your children. Talk about them when sit at home and when you walk along the road..." It's nice that your Rabbi does all of those things and I'm not saying he shouldn't. My question is, how do you justify paying him to do those things? Is there no possible alternative? Perhaps: - eliminating the tasks that are not necessary? - delegating the tasks to those with free time even if that means training and ordaining more people? - scheduling a time for questions instead of allowing for the luxury of spontaneity? - have the laity spend less time studying and more time serving the community, thus requiring less preparation time? These are just some ideas. They are not exhaustive and they may not be feasible right now. I'm just trying to propose another (possibly better) way for the future. &gt; You do not appreciate the time it takes to be a proper community leader I am a proper community leader, and I am not paid for it. I also work a full-time secular job. I hear the excuse that it takes too much time, and would like to know what exactly requires a single person to commit so much time and energy that he/she cannot possibly work for money like everyone else.
My wife and I joined last year, but I believe the church has been operating for about eight years. We meet in a very small venue, so when the group grows larger than about 40 people, we have to split into separate meetings, so I'm not sure how many people there are total, but I know they have had to split several times. The group I meet with currently has about 16 people. Being so small, it's a very familial community. &gt; If you don't have someone calling the shots What shots? It's organized so that there is never an opportunity for someone to make a unilateral decision. We pray and study together to collectively decide what actions we should take as a community and we take turns volunteering to organize activities as we are available. &gt; you will soon What makes you so sure? Is it really that hard to believe that a group of mature, faithful people is not dependent on a single paid leader in order to follow God's will?
When your goals are clearly defined, it's usually pretty easy to determine what expenses are necessary to fulfill them. I agree that that will vary as the needs of each community are different. I also agree that it is not bad (it's great) if someone is able to commit all of their time to serving. In fact, that's my goal when I retire in a few years. The question here is how you justify paying a person who **chose** not to earn money in the usual way when that money could be used to help the needy instead.
&gt; It's not impossible That's the theme, that I'm seeing throughout this thread. It's not impossible to have unpaid staff - it's just harder. I agree that the usual responsibilities of the pastor are things that must be done. But scripture does not require or even recommend that those jobs be done by just one person or a small group of people. In the early church, very few people had the information they needed to fill those roles, so yeah their burden was heavier than their congregations'. If people are getting lost in the community, there must be a better solution than taking money that could be used to feed/clothe the needy to hire a "shepherd." Perhaps splitting into smaller groups? &gt; one of them is to support those teaching the word Again, it was practical necessity for the early church. That's simply not the case now. Now it's optional. I don't see how those other topics relate to this one. As for asking my pastor, I currently attend a church with no paid staff, so the answer from there is, "It's unnecessary and an unwise use of resources."
Save your money before spending it. That's the secret formula for avoiding all debt.
The difference between this situation and that one is spending one's own money versus spending someone else's donated money. I don't treat all money with that same high regard - just donated money. People give their money to the church expecting the church to spend it responsibly. The church therefore has an obligation to not only spend it responsibly, but to spend it as responsibly as they possibly can. I guess I do have a fairly low regard for the expectation to be paid for something that almost everyone else does for free. I understand that it would be an added challenge for pastors to earn their money outside the church, but perhaps leading is supposed to be more difficult than following. Or perhaps the leaders should be able to rely on help from their followers.
I have already made the case that it's different today than it was then. It comes down to the economy, and the economies in developed countries today are extremely different from the economy of Judea in the first century. &gt; why not a more democratic structure That is one solution that I proposed - if we pay one person because he/she is loaded with responsibilities, then couldn't we distribute those responsibilities and eliminate his/her need for compensation? The other solution I proposed would be to keep the same structure and simply not pay the staff. This would cause a subsequent shift where only those who work hardest, spend their money most wisely, save most responsibly, and want to lead for leadership's sake alone (rather than income) would be put in a position of leadership. I would say that the first solution lowers the bar for leadership, while the second solution raises it. A third solution might be a combination of the second solution with a slight alteration of the structure so that staff serve only temporarily so that they don't have to achieve full financial independence. They could go back to work after serving full time. And these are just my ideas, I'm sure that as situations vary, people could be more creative than me in coming up with alternatives to paying clergy. &gt; would be difficult to replicate without dedicated people I understand that it is always difficult to transition to a new way of doing things, but it's not impossible. And the fact that something is difficult shouldn't even make us hesitate. &gt; that's where the elder role is important Perhaps, but some might say that's where the diversity of the congregation is important. I've been counseled by elders, and that's good, but I've also been counseled by church members who have been though similar trials and that is just as good if not better. The poor stewardship of money is, again just one example that I gave of the potential drawbacks of paying clergy. Another potential drawback is highlighted in your example. If I pay someone to fix my plumbing, the assumption is that they do it so that I don't have to. But paying a pastor is not the same because, even though I pay my tithe to support him, I am still obligated to serve. Many church members believe that by giving donations their job is done. Jesus's teachings did not allow for anyone to hire out the work of the church. The obligation rests on each member.
I meant that (except in special circumstances such as disability) one could work to earn money until one has saved up enough to go to school without taking on debt. The same applies to paying for cars or anything else.
Which principles? That church leadership should be paid? Or that earning money from secular work is the high road?
The role of an elder is not defined in scripture, though Paul does say that elders should be righteous. Pastors aren't mentioned at all. So I don't think pastors or elders have absolute roles. I could tell you the ways I've seen those roles practiced, but I don't think that's what you're asking. I think a church body should be structured like a mustard bush. Each part has its own job. While some jobs are more central (you might call them elders) and some are out-reaching, they are all critical to the function of the bush, which is to create more bushes before it's season is finished. The parts are not supported by or organized around a solid trunk, nor do they support a trunk. Rather, all parts are tightly interwoven, supporting each other. It should not be monolithic and powerful so as not to promote corruption as there would be nothing to gain. And it should not outlive its usefulness. Mustard plants are annuals. That is, once they've accomplished their purpose, they die. Churches should be purpose-built to establish and promote the next generation of Christ followers, and when they have done their job, they should be allowed to dissolve, or at least transform into the next thing. When you have full-time ministers who are dependent on a constant stream of donations to keep food on their plates, they can be easily distracted from the church's mission, forcing it to overstay its usefulness.
I have to say I definitely did not expect someone to say that here. I'm impressed that you not only believe that, but that you are acting on it. I too hope to plant a church in the next 5-10 years with the same principles. I believe that a lot of disaffected Christians and nonbelievers will find the structure you described refreshing and welcome.
Yes, that is a valid alternative. But you asked me how to avoid debt so I told you. Also, by taking on debt, you have some major disadvantages: - It costs you a lot more money in the long run because of interest and fees. - You're debt/income ratio is higher, which means any other loans will require a higher down payment or higher interest rate, again costing you more money in the long run. Or you might not even qualify. - You risk not getting a job after graduation in which case you can't pay off the loan, so you hurt your credit and the interest grows. Again, costing you more money in the long run. Or you have to get a secular job, just like I suggested except this way you accumulate interest. - You are dependent on a constant stream of income which could put you in a tight spot if God's calling turns out not to be very profitable (e.g. homeless ministry). - You will require a higher salary from the church than you would otherwise. That is, you will be a greater burden on the church than you would be if you had just saved up your money. - Because your income will be provided by the church, all of these added costs will ultimately be paid by whatever church you end up serving. Though at that point, it seems like they're serving you. All of this perpetuates the need to pay the church staff, a problem that I pointed out in the original post. &gt; like everyone else Yes, many people do this with school, cars, houses, boats, RVs, etc. It's popular, but it's not smart. And it's not right to pass on the added costs to faithful donors.
I think this is pretty well demonstrated by people calling their dogs their children, as if the only difference is the fur. Your human child is not just a pet for your pleasure. He/she is a person.
I would love to meet my great-great-great-grandchild. I love learning about my family history, but it would be so much cooler to know my family's future.
No, a hypocrite is someone who conceals his/her wrongdoing - a subtle but important distinction for this discussion. Nonetheless, I agree that Christians should not be hypocritical. The Bible teaches that Christians are called to repent from sin and become a holy (set apart in purity) and perfect (meaning fully grown, not flawless) people. For Christians to tell the world that we are no different from the world would be contrary to the church's purpose. If we cannot offer a community that is freedom from hatred, greed and all the other worldly things, then what are we inviting people into?
I came here to say exactly this. Life after death is uncompelling and largely speculative. Generally, a witness' job is not to speculate, but to speak to what they know of the past and the present.
You're exactly right. Jesus taught a lot of very valuable lessons, but "don't go to hell" was neither the moral of any of the lessons nor the theme of his ministry. If we're to follow Christ's example, hell (whatever it may be) is not for us to worry about.
This is the only comment here that's actually based on scripture. In the Bible, Heaven is the dwelling place of God and angels, and certain very special people are said to have gone there. The belief that Jesus allows us to go there is a later formulation. It's not clear which (if any) references to hell are meant to be taken literally. There does seem to be some indication of later judgement based on each person's deeds, but it's not clear what the outcome will be.
Is that different from God assigning man to the stewardship of creation in Genesis? Or giving a human king the authority to rule his people?
Nonviolent resistance was certainly the goal for MLK. I don't think he meant to imply that nonviolence will always inevitably escalate. Rather, in this particular instance, King knew that nonviolent resistance on this scale was new, and that it was important that it was successful so as to promote nonviolence in the future. Simultaneously, Malcolm X was leading a parallel movement that embraced violence. King knew that if one movement failed, people would join the other.
Perhaps he was granted the authority to forgive sins, (or at least communicate God's forgiveness of sins) by the Father in the same way that the various judges (after Joshua and before Saul) were sent to pass judgement. A similar question for you to answer (if you believe this) might be: How can Jesus rightly take the punishment for sin? He is not the offender.
&gt; spiritual death Spiritual death is not a concept found in scripture. &gt; if you break one single law, you face...physical death This is also not found in scripture. I understand using related passages to inform one another, but you've combined two unrelated verses (Romans 6:23 and James 2:10) to create a new idea that wasn't intended by either author. &gt; you can't please God This contradicts all the times when God gave his people instructions on how to please him and then clearly instructed them to do it. We have no reason to believe he was kidding or misleading his people. In Deuteronomy 30, Moses makes it clear that obedience was not impossible or out of reach. The belief that nobody can do anything good usually comes from Romans 3:23 or Psalms 14:3 or 53:3. However, neither author was speaking about all people at all times. David was lamenting the failure of his generation. Paul was pointing out that allegiance to a particular group is insufficient to earn God's favor, as both Jews (collectively) and Gentiles (collectively) had earned bad reputations. &gt; he gave his life for us, therefore paying the fine A fine would be one thing, but taking on a guilty person's death penalty would not be considered just by anyone. That's not how sacrifices worked in the Old Testament and that's not how Christ's sacrifice works. &gt; accept him as Lord OP asked a question about Christian jargon, but you've used Christian jargon throughout your explanation. Moreover, your explanation fails under basic scrutiny. I know you mean well and I'm sure OP appreciates your time, but giving a cryptic and shaky explanation does more harm than good. It suggests that either: 1. This is the best answer available and Christianity has nothing more reliable/compelling to offer, which is not true. 2. You don't know/care enough to give a more detailed explanation in laymen's terms. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume this isn't true, but I feel the need to point these things out so you know how it might come across and so that OP doesn't buy into gospel that doesn't align with scripture.
&gt; ~~the~~ a certain church
Trump has promised to neglect the issue of climate change by either ignoring it or making it secondary to economic growth. Our neglect of this issue in the past is causing 150,000 deaths per year now. Our neglect now will cause that number to rise inevitably for future generations (who are also currently unborn/innocent). My mom asked the same question, so I wrote [this](https://believingontheedge.wordpress.com/2016/12/15/climate-change-cause-for-concern/) to explain it (links to sources included).
I build furniture and sell it online. I got started three years ago. I probably put about 6 hours per week into it and I expect to make $10k profit this year. So it comes out to about $30/hour.
I would love too. My story is the same. My dad and grandpa taught me how to build very rough things (framing the house, installing cabinets, etc.), but when I got married, we didn't have any furniture, so I decided to build some. I started with the coffee table. It turned out okay, so I built all of our other furniture and a lot of our picture frames and decorations. We lived in an apartment at the time and I did all my work on the 6'x8' porch using only hand tools. My wife has a good eye for interior decorating, so she designs everything. I just build it. People said I should sell the furniture, so I put an ad on Craigslist and I got a couple calls for odd jobs. Then a local coffee shop called me and wanted me to build all of their furniture, which wasn't a lot (a couple book shelves and display items), but when I was done I had made enough money to buy a few better tools and rent a small storage facility to work out of. I took some pictures and opened an Etsy shop, and quit doing local odd jobs. That was almost a disaster. Shipping large items is **VERY** difficult. By the time my customers got their stuff, it was trashed. So I had to redesign my furniture to optimize for shipping and assembly and come up with a crate system for packing. I put just as much time into packing as I did in building the furniture. The results were much better. I've found a niche in the affordable handmade furniture market. The high-end market is saturated and the low-end, flat pack market is dominated by Ikea, but I offer handmade, solid wood furniture that's affordable and delivered to the customer's door.
I have an Etsy shop: www.etsy.com/shop/handtiquefurniture I flat-pack the furniture and the customer assembles it with a few screws. I started on Craigslist, but go away from that as soon as I could because customers are way pickier in person. I'm the same way. If it were up to me I would have one table, one chair, and a bed, but apparently (according to my wife) our guests need places to sit.
I sell on [Etsy](www.etsy.com/shop/handtiquefurniture). There's nothing on the site right now because I recently moved across the country and I'm rebuilding my inventory. It's not very pricey. The most popular item is a dining table for about $300-$400 plus $100 shipping.
Yes, some (most?) things just happen. Naturally, the next question (and perhaps what OP was getting at) is: Why doesn't God do something to help that person? I would say that if humanity would love as God has instructed, then the diseased person would get all the help he/she needs. In that way, God has helped the person, and we have only ourselves to blame if we fail to love.
Each person (diseased or not) suffers a unique level of pain and has a unique chance of a fulfilling life and has a unique lifespan. Love is sufficient to improve all of these factors. For example, medical development and treatment are extremely restricted because funds are allotted for less loving purposes or purposes that are needed in response to sin. Imagine how much we could help people if we (as a species) didn't need to spend so much money on war.
I fail to see how that's politicizing. Seems more like trying to stop others politicizing.
So instead of discussing the current topic at hand, you decided to discuss your assumptions about one Internet stranger's past political views? Sounds like the usual approach when someone is unable to put together a reasonable defense of one's own position.
You need to be familiar with all of the Old Testament before you can make sense of the New Testament.
The goal of that comment is to show that Islam is not unique in its violent scriptures. If someone is trying to criticize Islam specifically, but supports the criticism with something that is true of all Abrahamic religions, then that person shows that he/she is intentionally limiting the scope of his/her argument for apparently no reason. When you criticize a select group for something that is common beyond that group, you must justify the inclusion of some people but the exclusion of others. Otherwise you are just targeting a group without warrant, which is prejudice, which is wrong.
&gt; it would be foolish for us to buy into what the global elites are telling us. That's true for anything. Fortunately, we can just tune out the "elites" and look at the data collected by the global scientific community. And that data tells us all we need to know - the earth's climate is changing, that change is caused by humans, and our living conditions will be severely affected in the near future if we fail to act.
&gt; enough to make sense of the NT. It's certainly enough for one to read and think one understands. But that understanding will inevitably be flawed without a solid understanding of the Old Testament.
I agree that many so-called liberals react (and overreact) emotionally and illogically in response to any criticism of any minority group. And I believe that is an excellent example of political correctness taken too far. However, in this case I believe their are solid reasons for guarding one's speech. As an analogy: If I were in a discussion about black Americans, and I was trying to explain that black people have a theft problem, I could support this claim by showing that some percentage of black people steal things. Even in context, that would seem judgemental. The vast majority of black Americans are not thieves, and the fact that a small percentage are thieves is true of all Americans. It's not a problem specifically among black Americans unless I provide some supporting evidence to suggest that this it is. Without such evidence, it's irrelevant and potentially offensive in a discussion about black Americans specifically. It would be an even bigger problem if I made such a claim **out of** context, which is what I hear more often then not, regarding violence in Islam. This thread started with: &gt;How about we start admitting that Islam has violent foundations throughout the Quran. The more general truth is that Abrahamic religions have violent tendencies throughout their scriptures. The commenter chose to narrow this truth to focus on only one group, but there was no apparent reason to do that. In the absence of a more apparent reason, it appears that the commenter has an agenda against Islam. In this case, political correctness would serve a valuable purpose by showing **why** the commenter narrowed the scope of the comment.
&gt; and God added much more meat to it When did that happen? The Jewish cleansing by immersion was a ritual originally given by Moses from God and was not to be taken lightly, nor was it merely symbolic. I don't think Christianity added anything to it. If anything Christianity has detracted from it by making it a one-time event and stripping away the meaning of ritual washing.
Exactly. Just like a parent's authority over a child, when a parent gives instructions, that should be enough for a child to follow. But that child will never grow and mature unless he/she knows why the instructions were given. And a good parent should explain that whenever possible.
I don't look at any woman in public for more than a couple seconds, even if it's just to read her T shirt or if I'm just looking in her general direction. I've grown out of gawking over hot chicks, but I won't risk my wife or anyone else thinking I'm checking out another woman.
Cancerous cells are just unwanted, living human material.
Now we're getting somewhere. A clump is cells is a baby when it has a nervous system, a heart, and/or a brain.
There are never too many variables. As long as we know what the variables are, we can put an upper and lower bound on each parameter and calculate an estimated range of solutions. Alternatively, we can use an average or reasonable estimate of each parameter and calculate an estimated solution that way.
Shut up
These conversations always seem to come back to this premise: No one is flawless. But why does that matter? AFAIK, according to scripture, flawlessness is not required by God. Moreover, flawlessness is insufficient to join God in his dwelling place. It's neither necessary nor sufficient for salvation, so why does the issue of having flaws always get brought up? (I am intentionally using the word flawless and avoiding the word "perfect" because it is ambiguous in both Greek and English.)
But in the Qur'an, belief is not just the acceptance of a set of propositions. It's a matter of living one's life in accordance with God's values. I would argue that Bible teaches the same thing (or at least most of it), but most Christians don't see it that way.
You should know that not all Christians accept that Jesus was God. As orthodox Christianity developed from Unitarian to Binitarian to Trinitarian, not everyone went along with the change. And even today there are a lot of Christians who hold various levels of Christology.
"Through me" is a rather ambiguous phrase that could be interpreted to mean "by doing the things I do."
&gt; is pretty significant in **some** Christian theology There is a multitude of differing ideas within Christianity. To talk about it as if it's one unified concept just ends any meaningful conversation. (Also, just for your information, this is a matter of soteriology, not theology.)
Those all seem equally as ambiguous. If you want to support your point with scripture, it would be more convincing if you provided some commentary of your own. Cherry picking verses doesn't really contribute anything to the conversation.
The ambiguity comes from the phrase "in him." Just as with "through me" in your previous example, "in him" could be interpreted to mean that salvation is found in following his ways (i.e. doing what he does). There are two reasons I believe this interpretation to be the more likely one. - Jesus's followers are called disciples, and they called him master. In a typical master-disciple relationship, the disciple's goal is to follow the master's ways/path by doing as the master would do (think ninja turtles and master splinter). Disciples' behavior was held to the same standard as the master because they acted in the master's name - the same verbiage used in Acts. - The author of Acts does not seem to redefine "salvation," so we are left to believe that he was using the Israelite understanding of the word - not admittance into heaven, but being brought into right standing with God on Earth. The theme of Acts is that the message of Jesus (that all who act according to God's values are welcome at the assembly of God's people) is being carried to the whole world. When he writes that salvation is in Jesus, he means that salvation for the Gentiles is found in Jesus' message.
Perhaps that is the case for most large-scale branches of organized Christianity. But a large portion of Christian and Biblical scholars do not see salvation that way. Not to mention the thousands of house churches that are not tied to a mainstream branch of large-scale, organized Christianity, and have very widely varying views of salvation. Not all Christians believe that Jesus "died for our sins." And not all Christians who do believe that agree on what that means.
&gt; We are all sinners who have violated the law. You seem to have forgotten (or perhaps never read) that the law includes a system of ceremonial washing and sacrifice as a means of redemption in response to uncleanliness. Violating the law is not an instant one-way ticket to hell. &gt; This is why we rely on the grace of God to be saved. We do rely on God's grace, but this is not why. The fact that we have human flaws has nothing to do with it, because even a flawless person is not automatically entitled to a seat at God's table. Flaws or not, we rely on God's grace to have the opportunity to enter his kingdom. The issue of being sinful and imperfect is a completely different issue that is resolved not by Jesus' death, but by the message he preached while he was alive (see the Sermon on the Mount). I don't see any reason that any of this should disqualify Muslim person from God's grace.
If accepting Jesus' divinity were an essential part of following him, I would expect each and every New Testament book to make that point. As it is, only the gospel of John (written at the end of the first century) explicitly makes that point, and only a handful of other NT letters (also written later) seem to hint at it. However, the majority of NT books make no indication of Jesus' divinity, which means that at least some of the NT authors either did not believe Jesus to be God or did not believe that his divinity was an essential part of following him. The concept of the Trinity was developed 300 years after Jesus' death. According to you, that means that for 300 years most (or all) Christians were not really Christians, including the authors of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and Acts.
I would agree with this, but only assuming you are not a fully independent adult. As long as you are child (or teen) living under your parents' roof, you are obligated to honor them and handle situations like this through them in the way that they deem best. However, if you are an independent adult, then I would agree with the person who said that your obligation to your parents is limited. In that case, you should do whatever you judge to be best (tell your grandfather).
This is the best answer here. It helps to remind myself that the Bible was created by various members of the church. Imagine if the church wrote the Bible today. You would find some fairly consistent themes, but a lot of differences because we don't all agree on everything. It was the same back when the real Bible was compiled. It represents the truths of Christ as well as the diversity within the church. Something else to notice is that the church that compiled the Bible could have consolidated all four gospels, for example, and reconciled the apparent inconsistencies to create a single gospel. But they didn't. They left the inconsistencies. I believe they did that on purpose, because they were not threatened by them. Their faith in God was not dependent on a perfectly, universally consistent story/doctrine/theology.
It's certainly possible that Paul and James were talking about the same thing from two different angles, but given their common verbiage, common subject matter, and chronology, it is more likely that James was writing in direct response to Paul or Paul's followers. With that in mind, it is more likely that James intended to oppose Paul. Of course, even then it's possible (albeit unlikely) they were writing about the same thing and James simply misinterpreted Paul's emphasis. In many cases of inconsistencies, it's possible that the authors didn't disagree, and they were just describing two sides of the same coin. But we can't be sure, and given our real world experience with disagreement within the church, it is far more likely that they did disagree.
Not everyone interprets Biblical inerrancy the same way. Not every Christian even accepts biblical inerrancy. And Christians don't even all use the same Bible.
You can stop sinning, but you can't be sinless?
Waiting to make a decision until you have all the information you need is cheating?
So it's possible to stop stealing but impossible to stop cursing? Why?
I think your heart is in the right place. But by the give-a-man-fish teach-a-man-to-fish principle, shouldn't those with money offer personal finance advice instead of (or at least in addition to) donations?
I would say it's simple. But that's not the same as easy. Learning a new skill that involves patience and careful attention can require a lot of difficult discipline.
Upvoted for raising a legitimate question. My answer: Because it's symbolic. Just as joining was symbolic of our real efforts to curb the effects of climate change, so leaving is symbolic of our real efforts to deny that the climate is changing. People will be affected by our real efforts or lack thereof. The purpose of pointing out that it's symbolic is not to say that it has no real consequences. The purpose is to show that Trump's explanation for leaving was nonsensical. That said, many people who oppose Trump's decision probably haven't read the Climate Accord and don't know any of that. There are informed "liberals" and uninformed, misinformed, and stupid "liberals." Hence your perception that liberals can't seem to make up their minds. When you lump people together into a group (like "liberal" or "conservative"), the group will be inherently inconsistent in its views because people are all unique.
Is your hatred so unyielding that it prevents you from paying respects, even by your silence, to a man who died less than 24 hours ago?
I'm 26M, married for four years tomorrow. When I got married, I was unsure how to balance my spiritual leadership with my wife's autonomy. I eventually realized that I was struggling because Paul explicitly teaches **submission to each other**, not male leadership. Male leadership is okay, but it is not instructed in scripture. My wife and I have unique strengths, ideas, and experiences. Seeing me as the authority inhibited our success and happiness because it diminished all that she has to offer. My advice is to abandon the idea that you are the leader. Rather, you two are cooperative partners with agency and equal authority.
Paul teaches that in homes where one person is the established head, that person should not regard his/her headship as a position of authority, but a position of service. He was not teaching that the husband is the head.
&gt; but rather Paul was just saying it is like this, but it's wrong I don't think he is saying it's wrong. He is not saying that husbands **should be** the heads, nor is he saying they **should not be**. He was simply stating that they **are** (and for his audience, that was true) the heads in order to frame his following statement. The point of his instruction was not whether or not husbands should be the heads of their wives. Paul gave three examples of superior-subordinate relationships, which marriage happened to be at the time as well as slavery. His point in each example was not whether the relationship **should** exist as a superior-subordinate relationship. His point in each example was to explain what **submit to one another** means in the context of that kind of relationship. [Here's my full interpretation of the passage](https://believingontheedge.wordpress.com/2018/01/04/headship/)
[Here's my full interpretation.](https://believingontheedge.wordpress.com/2018/01/04/headship/)
[Here ya go.](https://believingontheedge.wordpress.com/2018/01/04/headship/)
REMOVE FROM PHONR
He got a destabilized US. That's the goal of the Russian covert strategy - not short-term victories like lifting sanctions.
Paul says that his readers should submit, because the superior-subordinate model of marriage was the norm among them. If Paul's letter were addressed to all Christians at all times, then we could simply read his instructions and know that they were intended for each of us. However, in Ephesians 1:1, Paul addresses his letter to "the saints in Ephesus and in Christ," not all Christians for all time. So we cannot simply take the instructions at face value. Instead, we have to ask ourselves, "What made this a wise instruction to the Ephesians? And does the same make it a wise instruction for us?" **What made this (the instruction for wives to submit) a wise instruction for the Ephesians?** In Ephesians 5:23, Paul answers this question explicitly. "**Because** the husband is the head of the wife," which was true for most Ephesian households. In other words, when the husband is the head of the wife, **then** the wife should submit. **Does this same reason make it a wise instruction for us?** I would think the same is true today. **If** the household is arranged in such a way that the husband is the head, **then** the rest of the house should submit to that headship. However, in much of the modern world (especially in the West), that is not the household arrangement. In my house, for example, my wife and I share equal authority and mutual respect. We, therefore, do not meet Paul's precondition. So Paul's instruction does not apply to us.
I have made no judgements or assumptions regarding you personally. I value you and your opinion, but it seems to me that our opinions differ.
&gt;this guy said no he doesn't so I guess the matter is settled. The point of this short response is not to answer the question, but to question the premise. OP's question assumes that God punishes children for their parents' sins. This comment shows that the question can't be answered, because it's based on an assumption that isn't true.
You bring up a great point that doesn't get addressed nearly enough. Modern Christians often interpret God's (or his prophets') instructions as matters of right or wrong, good or bad, non-sinful or sin, white or black. But that doesn't seem to be how God intended for his instructions to be understood, nor does it seem that his ancient followers understood them that way. Rather than a binary **right/wrong**, a person's actions fall somewhere on a continuous scale between **more wise** and **less wise**. An example of this would be the Old Testament dietary practices. Leviticus says that it would be very unwise to eat certain kinds of meat and labels other kinds of meat as acceptable. But passages in Genesis, Isaiah, and Daniel indicate that it's even better to eat no meat at all. So we can conclude that eating certain kinds of meat would have been unwise, some would be acceptable, but complete abstinence would be best. It's not black and white. Another example would be Paul's views on marriage. He says that sleeping around would be unwise, getting married would be better, and completely abstaining from sex would be best. It's not just a matter of good and bad. It's a scale where some things are wiser than others.
So you can't be a Christian without attending church, but every Christian misses church? That seems like a delicate and suspiciously convenient balance. Exactly how many times can one miss church and still be a Christian?
It's my understanding that each member of "the body" is defined not by its tangible relationship to the rest of the body, but by its contribution to Christ's cause. By your explanation, one church congregation could not consider itself part of the same body as another church congregation unless they meet together regularly.
**Genesis** At the heart of the creation story is a description of the past ideal - the world as God intended. And in that world, humans are given fruits and grains to eat, and animals are given all other plants to eat. In that ideal world, all humans and animals were vegetarian, man was their leader, and there was no violence of any kind. **Isaiah** The prophet Isaiah (in chapter 11) adopts the same imagery to describe the future ideal - when the world is made right. "The wolf shall lay with the lamb...The cow and the bear shall graze...and the lion shall eat straw like the ox." Again, vegetarianism is a part of the ideal world. And again mankind leads them ("and a little child shall lead them"), strengthening the parallel with Genesis. **Daniel** In the first chapter, Daniel and his companions sought to keep themselves pure by eating only vegetables. Eating meat was seen as a defilement. And it was because they did so that they excelled above the other captive peoples.
You seem to think that an idea's credibility is tied to its historical acceptance. The ancestry and popularity of the idea is irrelevant when considering its merit.
Typically, the onus is on the person who asserts that a proposition is true - not the person who asserts that it isn't true, because it's quite difficult to prove a negative.
But that seems to be what you're saying. How does attending church help anyone in a way that couldn't be done without attending?
So I've heard. I'm okay with that.
&gt;clearly NEVER read the Bible Or perhaps one has read the Hebrew and knows that "punish" is not an accurate translation of the phrase *paqad avon*, which means "visit iniquities upon." To account for one's iniquities is not the same as punishment. If my grandfather was an alcoholic, and my dad was an alcoholic, then experience says that I will have a propensity toward alcoholism. That's a well-known, naturally occurring phenomenon. I am more likely to sin in the same ways as my parents. And if I do, then whatever consequences that come of it (whatever iniquities are visited upon me) are my own fault not my parents'.
I don't see why.
That's a reasonable distinction to make, but it wasn't clear. And the subject of this thread is attendance at the weekly meeting.
The Hebrew word literally means "visit," but depending on the context it could be translated "visit," "appoint," "attend," "call to account," and several variations of those, but not "punish." In the verse you provided, I think "visit" makes sense, though "attend" would work too. To rephrase Exodus 20:5 in more modern language as you requested: &gt; Don't bow to other gods, because I am your God. Don't serve other gods because I want you all to myself. When I visit each generation, I will find them making (and let them make) the same mistakes that their ancestors made. Notice that I didn't say that **all** children will have the same faults as their parents. I said that it's **likely**. That means that it's a probable outcome, not a guaranteed outcome. Our conversation seems to be inhibited by your limited vocabulary, as you misuse and misunderstand simple words like "visit" and "likely" and "prejudice." (Also, it's really irrelevant, but lying can certainly be a fault.)
This thread is about being physically inside of a church, not being part of a church.
I think your response missed the point and each reply you've given since has only gone further from the point.
I disagree with everything you've said.
No, I disagree with you and your opinion/interpretation. And I'm okay with that.
What is your goal here? Are you just bored and itching to mock something?
How do we make this corruption more apparent to Texas voters without being dismissed as anti-Republican liberals?
I think you're right about it being accepted and about people not having enough time/energy to bother with it. Though our government is set up as a democracy, our version of capitalism seems to limit our ability to actually participate in the democratic process.
I'm in the same boat, but I have repeatedly found myself lumped in with Democrats in any political conversation.
It doesn't really matter who gets to claim the label of "conservative." Especially considering that the word's political meaning was far removed from its dictionary definition to begin with. And in the eyes of most (in my experience) people who stand by the current Republican party, you are either with them, or you're a leftist.
It's not necessarily the end of the discussion. There's still the question of enforcement. Should one mod be allowed to make the decision, or should there be approval by another mod?
How did you determine that it's sinful? Who is it sinful against?
Isn't lust a strong intention to have sex with someone? Masturbating is literally the act of forgoing sex, so how could it be lust?
&gt; let the culture around them change what the Bible says That definitely happens, but I don't see that in this thread. If you read Biblical instructions in the context of the culture in which they were written, you get a very different understanding from what many traditional churches teach. Masturbation is one example of that. There are literally no prohibitions against it in scripture. Yet many traditional Christians claim it's wrong, based on a traditional understanding of the word "lust" rather than an understanding based on the culture in which it was used. I would say they are the ones using traditional church culture to change what the Bible intended to say.
Excellent answer. Growing up in a very traditional Baptist church, I sat in many "accountability" sessions, where young men "confessed" to having feelings. I usually stayed silent. It can do some serious damage to a guy's mental state when he is constantly told that having hormones is sinful.
How is question supposed to answer OP's question?
The English dictionary should not be the primary point of reference when interpreting an instruction that was given in ~~Hebrew~~ Greek.
I suppose if it's just a matter of reporting, then there is built-in accountability, and therefore no need to check with anyone else. On the other hand, if it's a matter of banning, there should be some checks.
I disagree that this is a Republican issue or a republic issue. The republic model has functioned well for many states and many countries. And the Democrats are not much better (though they are better).
I'm not arguing that you can do it without lusting, I'm saying that masturbation and lust are mutually exclusive, because lust involves the intention to have sex and masturbation is forgoing sex. What is your definition of "gratifying the flesh?" Does that include scratching an itch or blowing one's nose or stretching? How is masturbation different from those things?
Even better, the HOA can't make any rules requiring something that the state is de-incentivising, or prohibiting something that the state is incentivising (e.g. solar panels).
There would be no way I could resist the urge to hold back. I would have to put a ['83 Civic](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/1980_Honda_Civic_3-door_hatchback_%282010-07-22%29.jpg/1200px-1980_Honda_Civic_3-door_hatchback_%282010-07-22%29.jpg) body on a new chassis.
If just anybody said that, then sure, you can't just assume it's racist. And if we want to give Trump the benefit of the doubt, then sure, there's nothing inherently racist about what he said. But if [a known racist](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/65h3b6/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is/) says that African countries are shitholes and praises another country that happens to be all white, then there's really no basis for giving him the benefit of the doubt
The idea that God cannot create evil because he is good is a very Greek idea. Old Testament Judaism sees no conflict with God being good and creating evil. I'm not saying he did, because I don't know. I'm just saying that the apparent conflict (while a popular opinion today) is not all that widely recognized when looking at the big picture. It is reasonable for u/zilozi to question your premise.
When I read the Old Testament, I see evidence that God is all-knowing in the present, though even that is constrained in some cases. But I see no evidence that he knows the future. The creation story seems to accept that God did not know the future any more than Adam and Eve did. The story was never meant to stand on its own. It's a polemic against the creation stories of other ancient, Near Eastern tribes. If you read the other ancient, Near Eastern creation stories, they are very similar but there are some deliberate differences. For example, in the Enuma Elish (an ancient creation story), the gods were tired of working so they decided to create man in their own image so that mankind would be able to do the gods' work for them - men were made to be slaves. Both Genesis 1 and Genesis 2 omitted that part of the story, but they didn't replace it with anything. So to answer your question (why did God create man) we must answer the question, "Why did the ancient Hebrews ommit the explanation for man's creation, and why didn't they give an alternative explanation?" I don't know the answer.
Trump thinks we, the people, are his employees.
If we accept that God is a real being, outside of ourselves, then yes, this is just exchanging one reward for another. But if we accept that "God" (or "Father" in this case) is the word we use to describe the amalgamation and personification of our ideals, then no.
That's heartless and conceited.
The Apocrypha.
I believe y'all are on the wrong sub.
What do, indeed.
Are free, open, considerate conversations considered shilling now?
He explicitly and unapologetically disregards the concerns of his urban constituents. He is committed to representing only 20% of Texans and disregarding the other 80%.
Unfortunately, religion has historically been a very powerful tool for people who want to be shitty to one another. I wish I had a solution to that. I wish we could use the great potential for organized religion without the risk of selfish abuse.
Any actual reasons? Or are you just committed for commitment's sake?
That's...terrifying.
&gt; Do you think people should not be held accountable for their own actions? I believe the purpose of punishment (induced accountability) is to help people understand the gravity of their destructive actions. If they understand the gravity already, then ideally there would be no need for holding them accountable. &gt; Should we as a society bail out everyone that makes bad decisions? Yes, as long as we can afford to. &gt; Why on [sic] god's name would anyone support a system like that? I support this system because I believe that good decisions will result in an abundance of good consequences. And those good consequences will increase the happiness of the good-decision-maker regardless of how the consequences are applied. For example, if I start a business that earns lots of money and that money is used to make my life more luxurious, then those luxuries might make me happier. But I believe that using that money to help others become happier will also make me happier to the same degree as the luxuries if not more so. &gt; Out of some humanistic will to be "good" or "moral" because the people at hand are old? No. &gt; To appear "superior" or signal that you have virtues that polite society says you should? No. &gt; To appeal to your friends about how such a great guy you are? No. My motivation is based on a purely selfish desire to be happy, coupled with the assumption that being the source of other people's happiness will make me happy. &gt; consequences for shit decisions/behaviors I believe that everyone who falls into this category (making shit decisions) also falls into the previous category (people who really do get shafted by life). I believe that everyone is a victim of wrongdoing as well as the perpetrator to some degree and that everyone has made both good and bad decisions to some degree. It is impossible to determine whether a person's success came about because of their good decisions or despite their bad decisions. Likewise, it is impossible to determine whether a person's failure came about because of their bad decisions or despite their good ones.
&gt; That's weird. Cultural differences I suppose. Some people find that a concept is better understood as a personification.
&gt; United States
When you say "it did not," do you mean that there was no threat, or that there was a threat but the US simply didn't protect against it?
This isn't really an explanation.
Every time I read something new, both of these thoughts occur to me in quick succession, and they leave me sad.
Technically kolache (the plural for kolach) are Czech. But klobasnek (the meat-filled version) is authentically Texan, invented by Czech immigrants.
I'm with you. This is a more thinly veiled version of what almost all churches do when they buy decorations for their buildings or install coffee bars.
The coffee is a luxury for those inside the church community. Church donations should be used to meet the needs (not the luxurious desires) of the community - particularly those outside the church. Decorations serve no purpose except visual appeal. They don't do anything to meet the needs of the community.
No, I'm not talking about how each person spends his/her private money. I'm talking about churches spending donated money.
This is awesome. It reminds me of a similar breakdown I read a few years ago about how humans are the most viscous/terrifying creatures.
&gt; You think it costs a lot No, I recognize that it costs very little. It need not be expensive to be a misuse of funds. &gt; You need a space, utilities, and certain accommodations at a minimum. Some outreach programs may require a dedicated building, but most forms of worship do not. And even when a building is necessary, that's fine, but donated funds should only be spent on things that are necessary.
Wrong again. I am a part of the decision-making body for my church. &gt; Churches just don't do that. Mine does. And we are part of a large network of churches that do the same. &gt; it's not a misuse of funds. The only difference between using church funds to put pretty pictures on the walls and using church funds to buy an airport is the scale of the misuse. The principles are the same.
I would too. But the government is busy conducting a long train of abuses and usurpations. Luckily, there is nothing lost by preempting government action, and much to be gained.
The way I envision it, even if you could get all FIRE'd people to join it wouldn't be enough. The price of care varies very widely from one person to another, so you would need hundreds of thousands of people to join. So instead of it being FIRE people, it would have to be medium-low income people. Basically, FIRE people could be the primary organizers, but not the only members.
I adressed this in the link I shared. Without sufficient upfront funding, venture capitalists become very important.
I'm using the two terms interchangeably. Just like any cooperative, investors become necessary when the members lack funds. But that would break rule number 1 for cooperatives - no credit and no debt when raising initial funds.
Right. And that model has proven to be very likely to fail.
I think you're probably right. A healthcare cooperative would have two features that present an interesting challenge: - Cooperatives usually take a long time to grow. - The cost and variance of healthcare is such that membership would have to number in the hundreds of thousands from the beginning. With that in mind, the only way I can see it working would be to put **a lot** of time and effort into laying the groundwork before the big kickoff to get it started. I say that because I agree that it would probably be wiser to start after the mandate fallout, but a lot of work would still need to be done in the meantime.
To backup a full 2TB at that rate, it would sake 1 year and 98 days.
I'm having trouble understanding how anything you've said pertains to the discussion at hand.
ITT: A disappointingly high number of racist comments.
We get together with friends, have a meal together, engage in meaningful discussion, and sometimes sing songs together. Then we take the rest of the day to recharge and prepare for the week to come.
Before the 2016 election, my mom was telling me how abortion is the only thing she considers when voting because that issue actually affects innocent lives. I tried to tell her that lots of other issues affect people's lives and that climate change could threaten more lives than abortion. She responded, " How could climate change kill people?" So I wrote [this blog](https://believingontheedge.wordpress.com/2016/12/15/climate-change-cause-for-concern/) in response, explaining in layman's terms how we know that the climate is changing and why we (especially Christians) have an obligation to act.
I know she read it. But she never responded. And it's not because we don't talk. We do. She just won't talk about that.
Except for the stopgap measure proposal. He turned that down.
Calling out a an irrelevant hypothetical as whataboutism should no be mistaken for denying the hypothetical.
That's awesome! I didn't know about that.
Very well said.
You want me to list all of the humans and animals that protect others?
Almost all of them. What's your point?
I follow the logic in the argument with no difficulty. Both the assumptions apparent in your response and your failure to recognize the logical progression reinforce my first statement - that this has gone over your head, and you've missed the point.
Some people work hard to serve their nation in various ways, and they take pride in the work they've done. Those people don't appreciate it when someone call's their nation a shithole.
It's the Russia effect. When corruption has been the standard for generations, you forget that there's any alternative.
There is no metric by which that statement is true without including Christianity.
That is exactly what my wife and I want to do when we have kids! I would love to hear more about your story. Do you have a blog or anything?
I think this is a very dangerous line of reasoning. Authoritatively forcing people to bend to their view of how they think is certainly the form it often takes. And perhaps, for some, that is simply the goal. But I think it is disingenuous to say that that is the motivation of the majority of...these people (I can't think of an accurate label). What you're saying is the beginning of demonization. To demonize them would be to become like them, and we don't want that. In order to avoid that, we should recognize that [everyone thinks they're the good guys](https://youtu.be/XxUgei-WKfY). Then figure out what they're trying to accomplish at the most basic, personal level. Then help them find a way to accomplish that without being hateful or destructive. I believe that would be the Christian way.
That desire for monolithic power is why Ezekiel condemned Eypt and Tyre and Israel as "cedars of Lebanon in whose branches the birds find shelter." They sought to tower over their neighbors indefinitely. But Jesus says the Kingdom of God is not like a cedar of Lebanon, but more like a mustard bush, which doesn't tower over anything. It grows up, produces lots of seeds, and dies in the span of one year, and new bushes take its place. Its legacy carries on only by producing good seeds that find fertile soil - not by continuing to grow in power. When the collective body of God's people becomes a concentrated power, it becomes a magnet for power-seeking people. The church must change the world not through concentrated power, but through wide distribution - much like leaven through dough.
BAPS is a very popular form of Hinduism (with which I have some personal experience) that teaches [caring for the poor and the marginalized](https://www.hafsite.org/media/pr/caste-statement-pramukh-swami-maharaj). And there are many more such denominations. [Langar](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Langar_\(Sufism\)) is the practice, in both Sikhism and Sufi Islam, of caring for the poor and the outsider. Again, Christianity is no different in this regard. In every group, there are people who are intolerant of others. And in almost every religion, there are people who recognize the good in caring for the least among us.
It's not a trade agreement. It's a climate action agreement. What you described is a good deal in that regard. The only way it could be better is if the requirements for other countries (like China) were made stricter. But that's definitely not what Trump is after. So the question remains, what does he think a 'good deal' is?
Mute
Will she still be in danger for dishonoring her family?
I believe that the way to change an entire country's worldview can be found the wisdom of several spiritual traditions. I personally subscribe to the teachings of Jesus (but please do not call me a Christian, as that word has been repeatedly corrupted). He said that the kingdom of God (that is, the ideal world) resembles a mustard bush more than it resembles a cedar tree in that it does not grow out of a powerful trunk that imposes itself on its neighbors. Instead, it come about by producing thousands of healthy seeds (representing our good deeds) in hopes that before its short life is over, some of those seeds will find good soil and carry on the legacy of doing good.
"He has refused his assent to laws..."
Either if Mueller gets fired/suicided or if Mueller recommends bringing charges, but Congress fails to act. That's the line he can't cross.
That's an excellent explanation. Thank you very much!
Trump is the Nixon of the Reagan era.
We could all practice having open, honest conversations with each other. We could intentionally expose ourselves and others to foreign ideas, and thereby learn from one another. In other words, it's gonna take a major cultural shift away from superficiality. It's not a task for any one person.
I agree with most people here that they shouldn't get private jets. But I wonder how people can say that a private jet is wrong but a full time salary is okay.
But why is that better. How is it better to use church funds to cover the staff's necessities than to use church funds to pay for the staff's luxuries? In other words, why should church funds go into the staff's pockets at all? Shouldnt those funds be directed towards the church's mission?
I think what I said above.
The law is the law.
I'm the kind of person who obeys the speed limit (i.e. the law) and I use the left lane only to pass slower drivers (also the law), yet it still seems to piss off other drivers that I dare enter their left lane.
I don't believe full-time church staff are a necessity. But to answer your question, they could: - Be financially independent - Collect donations separately - Sell goods or services like most of the congregation
Yes, that's also a law. Both are laws, and both should be followed.
He hasn't cut any deal. Manafort has pled *not guilty*, but he was released on bail. Mueller has already said that Manafort is a flight risk and shouldn't get bail. But the courts did it anyway. Now Mueller's team filed this report to give more reasons why Manafort should be in jail until his trial.
He hasn't cut any deal. Manafort has pleaded *not guilty*^[[1]](https://www.npr.org/2018/03/08/592016038/paul-manafort-pleads-not-guilty-to-conspiracy-tax-and-bank-fraud-charges) , and he was released on bail^[[2]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/judge-signals-release-of-ex-trump-chair-paul-manafort-to-fla-home-under-curfew-and-gps-monitoring/2017/12/15/f86fa618-e1d1-11e7-89e8-edec16379010_story.html) . Mueller has already said that Manafort is a flight risk and shouldn't get bail^[[3]](https://www.npr.org/2017/11/02/561671245/special-counsel-mueller-warns-that-manafort-and-gates-pose-a-flight-risk) . But the courts did it anyway. Now Mueller's team filed this report to give more reasons why Manafort should be in jail until his trial. [1] https://www.npr.org/2018/03/08/592016038/paul-manafort-pleads-not-guilty-to-conspiracy-tax-and-bank-fraud-charges [2] https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/judge-signals-release-of-ex-trump-chair-paul-manafort-to-fla-home-under-curfew-and-gps-monitoring/2017/12/15/f86fa618-e1d1-11e7-89e8-edec16379010_story.html [3] https://www.npr.org/2017/11/02/561671245/special-counsel-mueller-warns-that-manafort-and-gates-pose-a-flight-risk Edit: Added /u/poppinKREAM style references
Pardon my pessimism, but this kid has room for improvement.
I think is quite a bit more than attention seeking. There are some serious problems here.
No. We are **not** calling this 'dieselgate.'
Aww just like Ole Yeller! Except with a much better outcome.
&gt; Kolache~~s~~ The singular is *kolach*. The plural is *kolache*. Edit: Wow this is a very unpopular piece of information
&gt; The self-important always know at some level of their consciousness that their egotism is going to be punctured by humor. That's why they see it as a threat, and so dishonestly pretend that their deficiency makes their views more substantial when it only makes them feel bigger. - [John Cleese](https://youtu.be/h7fyOLe-xn4)
Of course! But this person is "Czech" and feels qualified to declare some kolaches "Real Czech." It just seems odd to use the Texan pronunciation while implicitly declaring other Texas-style kolaches as not "real."
Let's not make assumptions.
The Old Testament was constructed piecewise. That is, each of the individual books has a unique history, perspective, and agenda. The Old Testament was also constructed iteratively. That is, it was tweaked and edited over time by different sects of Judaism. As a result of these two factors, the Old Testament serves as the collected histories of lots of people in their pursuit of God. By reading it, we can learn what the different groups believed about God, and how their views changed over time, based on their various circumstances. Some parts of the Old Testament can be translated directly to our own lives today. We determine which parts can be applied directly today by comparing our circumstances to circumstances of the authors. If we are in a similar setting, then what the author said can apply to me. If my circumstances are different from the author's, then it is difficult (or impossible) to apply the writings today.
You've misunderstood how science works. Evolution is not the only possible hypothesis. It's just the one that's best supported by the evidence.
Very well said. Like you said, this is a tendency in all such threads. People present all kinds of unfounded conjecture when they could have simply said, "I reject that claim because it contradicts my perspective on (scripture, faith, etc.)." That is, if they were being honest.
More often than not, it seems the phrase *mental gymnastics* or *logical gymnastics* is used by people who refuse to navigate the complexity of a situation. They (like this commentor) would prefer to insist that it's actually not complex at all.
&gt; If the bible is not literal, then we can interpret it however we wish to. This is incorrect. A literal or allegorical interpretation of the Bible is independent of how much of one's personal wishes get roped into the interpretation. That is to say, one can interpret it literally solely to suit one's own interests. Or one could interpret any passage allegorically while using objective standards to guide that interpretation. As an example, I'm a fan of poetry, and a lot of poetry is to be taken figuratively (not literally). That doesn't mean that I assign whatever meaning I want to the poem. Instead, I carefully assess the meaning to understand what the author intended to express. What I want doesn't enter into it.
Of course that's possible too.
You want me to explain how something is not relevant? It makes more sense to show how it's relevant.
Your comment includes no attempt to answer the question or contribute to the conversation.
Thank you for establishing the relevance of your comment. You could have just said that instead of asking a cryptic question.
Some alternative hypotheses may include: - Each species evolved independently - Life was created as-is by God - Life was moved to Earth from somewhere else - All life spontaneously burst into existence. - Life as we know it was created by some less intelligent life form, which we subsequently destroyed. - Hurricanes are so chaotic that they occasionally assemble a life form purely by chance. After millions of years, we ended up with many life forms. The possibilities are limitless. But like I said, none of these possibilities is as supported by the evidence as evolution.
I have a coworker who is going through that exact situation with her son. She is a very mild-mannered, progressive Democrat and her young teen son has decided that the best way to show his independence is to act like a total right-wing chauvinist.
No. No. You're being obtuse.
&gt; in your definition I don't have a concrete definition, nor have I offered one. &gt; able to fire because their spouse was still working There are valid approaches to FIRE that include this as a possibility
Where is his tongue?
That makes sense, and I would say that it would be perfectly reasonable for someone to use such a definition when setting one's own FIRE goals. But there are other, equally valid definitions of FIRE, by which one's passive income can be supplemented by a spouse's income to cover expenses. And if someone adopts such a definition for him/herself, that's okay. There's no reason to declare it invalid for that reason alone.
The book of Matthew and the book of Luke-Acts were written by different authors. Their stories deviated depending on their perspectives and their sources. The point is that Judas killed himself. The method by which he did it is uncertain due to the conflicting accounts. And that's okay because the method is inconsequential.
Your characterization of "SJWs" is inaccurate. The people you've described are a fictional group, developed to unite social conservatives against social progressives. In reality, the political left is very diverse. Many of whom have arrived at their positions through principled reasoning. &gt; put everyone...in concentration camps &gt; everything is offensive &gt; accused of racism every turn No real group is actually advocating for this. Propoganda outlets use these caricatures to create an irrational enemy that's easy to hate. Of course there are a few people who are irrational and eager to attack their "enemies." Some of these irrational people associate with the left and some with the right. It would be careless and lazy to pretend that those people represent the principles or perspectives of either group.
It's certainly a possibility. But there is really no reason to think that's what happened.
IIRC, the Iran deal took something like ten years to negotiate. Are we looking at a decade of talks with N. Korea?
Yes, but your hypothesis is just one of many possibilities that would explain the different accounts. What reason is there to accept that hypothesis over the others?
It's very likely that he attempted to hang himself in a field, but failed and fell to his death? How did you determine that that is more likely than, say, he died in the field and two different authors independently recorded their own beliefs about how it happened? I don't see how irony makes it more plausible.
I am working toward financial independence so that I can use my entrepreneurship to help others. When I no longer need a job, I plan to use my time to create and sustain worker-owned cooperatives. By promoting democratic principles in the workplace, I hope to promote a more equitable economy. The ultimate goal would be to have an economic (nonviolent) revolution similar to the governmental revolutions that spurred the formation of our modern, democratic governments. But if I cant achieve that level of success, I would settle for helping a few marginalized people by offering them the dignity of fruitful work and self-determination.
That's an interesting perspective that I haven't heard before.
Private property
No it's not. It seems like you're saying that protecting net neutrality would actually concentrate power in the hands of the communications companies by eliminating competition between them. Is that right? I've never heard that claim.
I was just answering your question. If you're looking for a place to put your car, and the public roads aren't available, then private property is the alternative.
I can see how it would be perceived that way.
&gt; with ~~no~~ **alternative** means
I haven't offered a solution. I just entered this conversation to answer your question: Where do we put our cars if not on the road? But since we're well into this thought experiment, I'll attempt to address your concerns. Being without a car is not a death sentence **for anyone**. No one is forced to commute long distances daily. If there is somewhere you need to be regularly, then why not live within walking distance of that place? Or why not stop going so far away so often? Or walk, or run, or bike, or windsurf, or ride a horse, or anything else? Or if you choose to drive a car a long distance (and it is a choice) daily, then build your own private road instead of endangering the runners/bikers/riders on the public road.
Sounds tough. Good thing they have the freedom to pursue other work, or live somewhere else,
With some financial awareness and self-control, the vast majority of people in developed countries have no excuse for living paycheck-to-paycheck. It comes down to the choices that they make. I completely understand that people are born into widely varying circumstances. But almost anyone could squeeze a little but of margin into their financial situation, and secure a better future even without a car. Those are great points. This hypothetical situation (no cars on public roads) would probably require more public transit options and more walk/bike-friendly roads. Edit: I was just participating in the conversation by addressing the concerns that you identified in this hypothetical scenario. You've reacted defensively, and I can't seem to dispell your pre-concieved idea that I want rural people to suffer. You've alternated between passing judgement based on assumptions about my perspective and rejecting my perspective when I offered it. So there's really no point in continuing here.
We would love for you to join us over at /r/financialindependence. Or if you ever want a partner in crime, it sounds like we share a similar vision. Let me know if I can help you with your plans to take over the world.
How did you determine that?
Why are you so combative? I get it; you think I'm stupid for asking a clarifying question.
My dad says the same thing.
Yes. It was not intended to be applicable now. And all of the events in it have taken place
I agree with the first half of this comment. That is probably what they would say. The second half is probably accurate, but only if we're assuming a post-12th-century church setting. Before that, marriage was separate from Christianity. The church did teach the proper behavior for a married person, but it did not attempt to validate or invalidate any marriage. If a couple said they were married, they were married.
The [Marriage in the Catholic Church](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marriage_in_the_Catholic_Church) page gives a fairly concise history.
Many of your questions are based on a particular interpretation of the Revelation, and I believe that interpretation is worth revisiting. I believe much of what's described in the Revelation is coded language that's meant to sound like religious gibberish to any Roman authority who may read it.
I would expand this to *making decisions based on the judgements of people who are viewed (by the decision maker) as somehow more worthy of consideration*. Educated people generally understand that the credibility of an idea is measured independently of the person who voiced the idea. Caveat: An expert on any given subject will have a stronger intuition about that subject. Caveat to the caveat: The credibility of an expert's intuition is limited strictly to the field in which he/she is an expert. And his/her expertise is only as credible as his/her ideas, when measured independently as per my first point.
The principle of the matter is that the President should not be vulnerable to this kind of financial attack. If the principle cannot be satisfied, then the person should be considered unqualified. There is no other solution.
I disagree. I think there should be some presidential qualifications that are measured by various panels, including mental health, basic competency in various subjects, and conflicts of interest.
I don't know what you mean by 'testifies itself.' &gt; Do not be ignorant That's one way to demonstrate that you are not open to growing in your understanding. In your view, the only way I could disagree is of I'm ignorant and haven't studied. In fact, I am quite familiar with the OT. I agree that the imagery in the Revelation is reminiscent of other apocalyptic prophecy. &gt; Revelation is not "coded" &gt; it is in unison These are your interpretations, yet you present them as facts, rather than saying, "I believe..." or "It seems to me..." This indicates that you view your understanding as unchangeable - another sign that you are not interested in learning. &gt; It is the only book with a blessing and a curse That's obviously not true. Two of the most famous blessings and curses are Deuteronomy 28 and Ezekiel 18. &gt; My main focus is to help others If you are not open to learning (open to being wrong) as indicated above, then you are going to have many troubles and little success trying to teach others.
Yes, that's exactly right. He is not qualified for the position.
&gt; If you want to show you don't care about a thing Have you considered that that's not what the phrase 'I could care less' is meant to convey? I use the phrase 'I could care less' to mean that I am currently more invested into a thing than I am willing to be (or need to be). And if the situation required less investment, I would happily adjust accordingly. Example: If I'm helping someone study for their exam, and they get frustrated with me, I might remind them that I could care less.
There's no hate in that comment.
I'm prepared to lose my job if that's what it takes.
This is the key. If we can fix the voting system, then the rest of the system will fix itself, and all without violence.
No. The military reports to the people and the Constitution.
But he answers to the law, as does the military. And the law is the will of the people.
We're saying the same thing.
No. The law is the will of the people, enacted by the legislature. The military swears allegiance to the Constitution (the law). The law places the President at the top of the chain of command, but the law also obligates military personnel to disobey any unlawful command.
Sorry to disappoint. My patience is thinner than usual today. Maybe next time we can go a few more levels.
It is limited by Congress.
That's correct.
An unlawful order is any order that involves the commission of a crime. US armed forces both obey and disobey orders at their own risk. The president holds the position of Commander-in-chief, which means that he is at the top of the chain of command.
H.O.U.N.D.
"Test everything and cling to that which is good." Now what?
I appreciate your attempt to invoke logic. Unfortunately, this sort of implication is not logical. It doesn't make sense to say, "The universe is so complex that I can't imagine it being a natural occurrence. Therefore the universe is a supernatural occurrence." Reality is not dependent upon our ability to imagine it. When we don't know something (like how the universe came to be), we should not conclude that the answer is God. We should conclude that we don't know.
With a name like that, you're just trying to stir up controversy.
The only thing we can conclude from this passage is that its author believed that Jesus was God. This author is expressing something that is completely absent from all earlier Biblical books and most later ones. It seems that Jesus's divinity was an idea that developed around the second century. The authors of Matthew, Mark, and Luke-Acts seem to have no concept of Jesus being God incarnate. There are indicators that they believed him to be the Messiah, but they did not believe the Messiah to be God.
As I said, if I don't know something, I should conclude that I don't know. I will continue to try to understand, but I will not pretend that I know. It seems like you're saying, "If God didn't create it, then you have to prove some other way that the universe came to be." But why should I have to prove another way? And why should God be the default in the absence of proof?
&gt;not that I absolutely know everything I'm not talking about absolutely knowing everything. I'm talking about knowing how the universe came to be, because that's what you brought up. I don't know, and therefore I don't claim to know. You don't know, and therefore you claim to know that it was God by default. Some complex things require intelligence. Other complex things don't. It is illogical to assume that the universe required intelligence simply because it's complex.
That's exactly right. It could be read either way, and we determine the correct way by looking at what's consistent with other things he said. If he was saying Jesus was divine, then that would be inconsistent with the other things he said. (Also, I think you mean Paul, not Peter.)
By default, I assume that no one is God incarnate, unless there is a compelling reason to think otherwise. I have seen no compelling reason to think Jesus is God incarnate. I am a Christian, and I follow Jesus's teachings. I think Jesus would be appalled if he knew people were saying that he was God and that they had made a whole new religion to worship him as God.
Ah, I see the miscommunication. My apologies. In your example, you are correct. Simply observing flowers doesn't confirm the existence of fairies. However, observing that there are no flowers would confirm that fairies (as we think of them) do not exist. Similarly, simply observing the effect of God on the world (through people) would not confirm the existence of God. However, observing that a group of people is not affecting the world would confirm that God (as they know him) does not exist. Which is what I should have said. Good catch. The way I said it was indeed illogical.
I don't subscribe to a particular denomination. I am quite attracted to the teachings of Judaism, and I have not yet formed an opinion on Islam as I'm still studying it. I believe that the teachings of Jesus are essentially Jewish anyway, though he intended for them to be taught and practiced by anyone.
I mean 'unguided' as opposed to [artificial selection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestication). Programming is irrelevant in this discussion.
I'm not questioning God's existence. I'm pointing out the fallacy in your reasoning.
Im looking for a new bag. What do you like about the GR1?
Do you really espouse those statements, or are you trying to characterize someone else's opinion? If the latter, who's opinion are you trying to characterize?
The resulting situation is worse for both the US and other countries. We agreed to global trade arrangements because they were mutually beneficial. Destroying them hurts everyone involved and helps everyone who isn't involved (Russia).
I know the number is accurate. Misinformation is not just about accuracy. It's about selectively filtering information.
That's so cool! I'm now inspired to consider looking into thinking about trying this. I have to ask. What's with the branch on the far peak of the roof?
If people still have more to say about it, then no, we haven't exhausted it.
It seems you're caught up on the difference between theory and practice. In theory, OP's statement is intended to be true. In practice, 80% of evangelicals voted for someone who stands against Christ's principles.
&gt; one that we won't complete in this life. What makes you think that?
That's right. A disciple is a person who studies and practices the ways of a master. A disciple of Jesus (a Christian) is someone who studies and practices the ways of Jesus.
Yes, in practice, those who label themselves 'Christians' have come to be recognized for un-Christ-like things. But ideally, a Christian person is a Christ-like person.
I have noticed this a lot with a lot of other couples at church. When a woman starts talking, her husband immediately starts rubbing his head. The husbands never seem to know they're doing it, but it just kills me to watch. I look forward to my wife's input, and I listen attentively. Some other men seem to hate the sound of their wife's voice.
&gt; It's in a state of fallen-ness. I agree that individuals as well as the world tend to be faulty. But what's to say it can't be fixed. Or what's to say an individual can't be un-broken before death?
&gt; I'm not going to state an opinion on the political issue, but I am going to make a personal judgement against you and dissuade any further discussion.
&gt; It seems every thing I am saying is not penetrating your head. Perhaps because your objective claims are interleaved with personal remarks, which destroys your legitimacy. By making ad hominem attacks, you position yourself as OP's enemy. Your information is therefore automatically perceived as "enemy information," that is to say, information that's intended to **hurt**. In reality, your information is meant to **help** OP by bringing him to a more solidly supported conclusion. But it will only do harm unless it is clear that you are working through the issue together, cooperatively - not competitively.
Secular humanist groups would disagree.
They tend to be united by a common vision for a better future rather than a bigger church.
That seems rather hopeless. In my experience, with enough practice and discipleship, it is possible to steadily improve one's character to the point that one's behavior satisfies God. Of course there are many missteps along the way. But reading God's commands and promises, I get the impression that no longer sinning is not only the goal, but the expectation. And that is supported by my experience. I would encourage you to not settle for the myth that you can't please God. You can, and he will help you to do so.
&gt; We alone I didn't say anything about doing it alone. I mentioned discipleship, and I said, "he will help you." &gt; and this is not from yourselves, it is a gift of God I agree that the discipleship and the help are unwarranted gifts. I even said that: "there will be missteps along the way." It seems you're debating something that we weren't talking about. You said that, as long as we are in this "broken" world, we cannot please God. When I asked why, you said because in your experience it hasn't happened. I just want you to understand that, just because it hasn't happened for you yet, doesn't mean it can't. Don't give up.
When we do good, God is certainly pleased with us. When we don't, he isn't. That is evident in all of God's commands and promises. It's pretty well summarized in Deuteronomy 28-30. &gt; Our good works are a result of this. We do good BECAUSE of grace. NOT, work hard to earn grace. Ok, fine. The point is that we **can** do good and we can be like Christ.
&gt; He was satisfied when the lamb was slain Yes, when Jesus gave his life in service to God, God was pleased **with Jesus**. Likewise, God will be pleased **with us** if/when we follow that example by giving our lives in service to him. That is, when we are Christ-like. It doesn't make sense to say that when Jesus gave his life, God was pleased with me or with you. You and I had no part in it. Ezekiel 18 explains this in painful detail. One person cannot be blamed for another's misdeeds, nor can one take credit for another's act of service. We cannot take credit for Jesus's sacrifice. We can however, sacrifice our own lives in service to God (Romans 6:5). &gt; We'll never satisfy God - Enoch pleased God (Hebrews 11:5). - Noah pleased God (Genesis 6:9). - David claimed to please God (2 Samuel 22:24). - Job pleased God (Job 1:1). - Daniel pleased God (Daniel 6:22). - Paul claimed to be blameless (1 Thessalonians 2:10) - Simeon pleased God (Luke 2:25). - John was righteous (Mark 6:20). - Joseph of Arimathea was righteous (Luke 23:50). - Abel pleased God through his actions (Hebrews 11:14). - God commands and expects his people to behave in a way that pleases him (Deuteronomy 18:3, 30:19, Philippians 1:10, 2:15, 1 Thessalonians 5:12, Matthew 5:48, 19:21, Titus 3:2, James 1:4, 1:25, John 5:14, 15:22, Romans 6:14-15) - And finally, the glory with which the Bride is clothed is "the righteous deeds of the saints" (Revelation 19:8). Throughout scripture the command and expectation is that God's people will please him with their actions. The Bible identifies many people who have accomplished this expectation (including entire nations at times). In every case, this accomplishment is the result of both the person's willingness to follow God and God's willingness to help. And in every case, the person who pleases God finds favor with God as a result of the pleasing deed(s), not as a result of someone else's sacrifice.
In Ezekiel 18, God gives a very simple formula: - If you do my will, I will accept you. - If you do not do my will, I will not accept you. - If you do my will, but then stop doing it, I will not accept you. - If you do not do my will, but then start doing it, I will accept you. We are expected to do God's will. Being accepted by God (I guess that's what you mean by "saved") is contingent upon whether we do his will. We need lots of practice to get it right, which means lots of patience from God. (We agree on this point, though it seems that no matter how many times I say that, you continue to insist that we cannot do it without God's grace.)
What you've just expressed is the very heart of whataboutism. If I am guilty of **A** and I accuse you of being guilty of **B**, then the subject of the conversation is **B**. If you want to discuss **A**, that's fine, but it should wait until we're done talking about **B**. If you want to discuss how hypocritical it is for me to accuse you of **B**, that's fine, but it should wait until we're done talking about **B**. The reason for this is that our morals are absolute. The rightness or wrogness of **B** is not dependent on the rightness or wrogness of **A**. So **A** is irrelevant in a discussion about **B**. Now, if our morals were relative, then it would be different. In that case, we could just deflect all we want, and as long as we can accuse the other party of greater guilt, we are fine.
That seems reasonable. But of course, that kind of objection should look more like, "I don't think you're as concerned about **B** as you claim to be, because **A**," rather than the usual, "But you did **A**." I still don't expect that to be very fruitful.
I think you've made an invalid assumption. Attempting to point out another person's wrongdoing is not equivalent to claiming to be morally superior. **If** a person is trying to make the case for moral superiority, then **that** (not the alleged wrongdoing) is the subject of the conversation. In that case, then what you said is true. Any moral wrongs committed by the accuser would be relevant. However, it is rarely the case when someone says accuses another of wrongdoing, that they are attempting to show moral superiority. Though it is often perceived that way. Hence the whataboutism.
I am a Christian, and that has been my experience. So how can you say, "it is not the Christian experience?" I have studied and followed (and am continuing to follow) the teachings of Jesus. And that has led to an abundance of life and freedom as he promised. Obeying God has never made me feel a sense of bondage. Quite the opposite. Turning (repenting) from disobedience to obedience as Jesus commanded has given me life just like breathing clean air and eating good food. &gt;reading the bible x times and praying x times a day That's not obedience. God has never commanded those things. You're right, those are just religious practices - not discipleship.
When Paul wrote those things, the "law" that he had in mind was not the same as the obedience that Jesus described and that I've described.
I've attended a lot of "What other people believe" type classes at various churches, and they always focus on "This is why they're wrong." I've never seen it framed as a genuinely educational attempt to explore other beliefs.
&gt;There are certainly mandatory doctrines Why?
But why do you need to draw a line and say some differences in belief are negligible and others are crucial. In keeping with your example, there is a very large, global Unitarian Church. They practice a different form of Christianity just like any other believer. Why should they be dismissed as non-Christian?
Fair enough. But if we're using the word *Orthodoxy* versus *Unitarian*, then we're not using the same words. If we're using the word *Christian* to describe both, then I would say we are speaking of the same thing, whether it's Unitarian Christian, Baptist Christian, or Orthodox Christian. That is to say they all differ from each other in the same qualitative way.
To offer a counterexample, Baptists, Unitariana, Orthodox and Catholics all have their differences, but Pentacostals believe that the holy spirit empowers believers to speak in tongues where the others don't. Does that mean that Pentacostals believe in a fundamentally different faith, simply because they differ in their understanding of one aspect of the holy spirit? To me, it seems like an arbitrary distinction, determined primarily by how popular a belief is. As of the Unitarian Church is small and therefore it's differences are more substantial.
So I see you making two points: - Some doctrines are more "important" than others. This just gets back to my first comment - why? How do you determine that one doctrine is more important than another? Why are you willing to recognize some differences as legitimate but not others? - The only reasonable understanding of scripture requires that Jesus is God. In Christianity's early years, the majority of believers were unitarian. Yet Jesus's words made sense to them. In **your** view, Jesus's words only make sense if he is God. Just like in a Pentacostal's view, the Pentacost only makes sense if you understand tongues as they do. Some people read Jesus's words and understand them just fine without accepting that Jesus is God.
That's right. To expand this idea beyond grief, I think we would all benefit from spending more time in the wisdom literature of the Bible, like Proverbs and Lamentations. Those texts are very dense with truth. I've heard many preachers jumping through hoops to conjure up a practical application for their sermons when the Proverbs are chock full of practical applications of truth.
I guess you could say...they're ears are itching...
&gt; Chriat explicitly claims divinity No. He said a lot of things which are taken to **imply** that he is divine. But he never **explicitly** claimed divinity. [Arianism only became a controversial belief in the 3^rd and 4^th centuries](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arianism) &gt; but I would not call that person a Christian Yes, you've made that clear. But, by what standard? &gt; it’s that there is a large portion of his words that become erroneous, misguided or more than slightly odd when one removes his divinity from the equation So in short, in your view, his words don't make sense unless Jesus is divine. Many unitarians have no trouble understanding Jesus's words without accepting his divinity. They follow Christ and practice his teachings. Are you saying that it's inappropriate to use the word *Christian* to describe someone who studies, believes in, and follows Christ?
With a margin of 2.83%, the 'Never' group is essentially equal in all groups.
I can only speak for the few Bible-Belt Trump supporters with whom I've spoken about this. They will justify literally anything Trump does with "It's better than having a president who wants to murder millions of babies."
Same. I'm maintaining my own personal timeline to keep up with everything, and I was shocked about the Butina thing. I didn't understand why my wife gave me a concerned look cause I didn't realize I audibly gasped.
I don't know about Sader, but Cohen and Trump were definitely working on this long before Trump launched his campaign. [SOURCE](https://www.forbes.com/sites/noahkirsch/2017/07/12/the-full-exclusive-interview-emin-agalarov-russian-donald-trump-jr-controversy/)
Yeah! Let's do it!
&gt;know that they are 100% delivering the right message? Experts who know what they're doing will never claim to be 100% certain. If someone claims to be 100% certain, they are either misled or misleading.
&gt; they are claiming that this is what a verse means Like I said, no serious scholar is claiming to know for certain the exact meaning of any particular passage. If you see or hear someone making such a claim, I would recommend ignoring that person. &gt;or else the original message is lost. Not necessarily. There are countless possibilities. In some cases, the meaning may be lost forever. In some cases, we can be somewhat sure, but we must still acknowledge some degree of uncertainty. In some cases, we can narrow the meaning down to a few possibilities.
It sounds like you're asking how we can skew reality to fit our ideal expectations. The answer is obviously that we can't. It would be nice if there was just a single, clear meaning to all of scripture, but there simply isn't. (Or if there is, we don't have any way of figuring it out.) Despite our studies, there are limits to our knowledge. The church does a disservice by teaching us that the Bible should only have one true message behind each verse. It's not true. It was a lot easier to convince people of that before the Enlightenment. The church had a monopoly on Biblical scholarship and could control how it was perceived. But nowadays we know that our knowledge is far more limited than we would like it to be. To put it simply, when people claim to know the exactly correct meaning of a text, they do not make that claim on the basis of scholarship. Scholarship simply cannot lead to such a certain conclusion. Rather, they make such claims on the basis of divine revelation - they know the meaning because God revealed it to them. The problem with that is that anyone can claim divine revelation and there's no way to know if it's legitimate. This leads to another version of the same question that you asked - how can we know that this revelation is really from God? We can't. It's up to you to decide which route you want to go. People tend to go the "divine revelation" route because (like you) they are hungry for certainty. I find that route to be fickle and even less certain. I prefer the scholarly route because it's based on real observations and demonstrable facts, even though it doesn't fulfill my desire for absolute certainty.
I would call that a success.
We plan on FIREing anyway. I didn't mean to say we would quit **in order to** stay home with the child.
Thank you. That's basically what I was wanting to know. Is the cost intrinsic, or is it just a consequence of the mainstream consumer habits?
See the update. I'm posting on r/FI, so I thought this was understood, but I guess I was wrong.
That's exactly what I'm thinking. Seems pretty inexpensive to me.
Couldn't cloth diapers mitigate this expense quite a bit?
&gt;the biggest expenses you generally see in lists of how expensive kids are, are not required That's what I'm gathering from all the answers so far. Even the things you listed are all optional.
This is r/FI isn't it? Why are people treating RE like such a foreign concept?
&gt;You are pretty much clueless Yes, that's why I'm asking.
Based on the answers everyone else is giving, it seems that you're right. The "expensive" things tend to be optional things.
&gt;it's really not hard at all to find the answers I was hoping to get an answer from the perspective of someone who is FI-minded rather than a reflection of outsized Western consumer habits. &gt;What are you going to feed the kid? Where are they going to sleep? What are they going to wear? How are you going to deal with their waste? How are you going to transport them? How are you going to care for them during the day? I addressed all of these things in my original post. &gt;If you can't see how those things will increase your expenses I've acknowledged that they will increase my expenses, but those increases seem negligible.
Why would I need a larger house? I suppose if I had a two-seater car I would need to get a four-seater (that's not the case for us, but I get it). But wouldn't that be a relatively small one-time expense? &gt;Pretty naive. That seems unnecessary
I see. Where I live, buying a house is the most economical living arrangement, and it's impossible to buy a one-bedroom house. So yes, I do have a spare bedroom. And it is not an additional cost because it's the smallest number of bedrooms available. Is this not the case for most people? Do most people live in a one-bedroom place, then upgrade to two when they have their first child?
You're being combative and it's unwarranted.
No, I already addressed food and clothing in my original post. They are not optional; they are seemingly negligible (unless there's something I'm missing). &gt; A small child would need tons of diapers and things What things? &gt; An older kid would presumably **want** toys Want = optional &gt; camp, sports activities, etc These things are all available for cheap or for free. The expensive versions are optional. &gt; all kinds of school supplies A spiral notebook costs $0.14. It's hard to imagine how that could add up to anything substantial (unless I **opted** for something more expensive). &gt; **want** to go to college want = optional &gt; going to want a car Perhaps, but again, that's not necessary; it's optional. I'm not saying that I won't be doing any of those things or judging anyone who does. I'm just making the point that they are all optional. Or at least the amount you spend on them is discretionary. These expenses are not necessary components of raising a child. They are just common expenses that people choose to have.
&gt; can I pretend to be superior to everyone who spends money on their kids? I don't think I've done anything to signal superiority. I'm certainly not here to judge anyone for the purchases they make. I'm just trying to financially prepare myself for having a child. To do that, I need to know whether the costs that people so often mention are intrinsic or optional. I will probably end up opting into some of those unnecessary expenses, so I'm in no place to judge parents who do so. I understand the scenario is not common in the real world, but I thought that's what r/FI was all about. I could have gone to r/PersonalFinance if I wanted to know the mainstream consumer habits involved in raising a child. I really didn't expect to met with such defensiveness. I thought this was a good place to pose my question, but it seems I underestimated how sensitive people are to any questions about parenting.
&gt; naively judgmental I accept that I am ignorant on this subject. I've never been a parent before. However, I have not expressed any judgement. &gt; about how diaper costs are optional. How much do diapers have to cost?
No.
I see. Which of those would you say are the more expensive ones?
Ok, this is just going to make me sound more uppity and pedantic, but since you're now asking about symantics... **I said:** The added costs are negligible...not with regard to my income. **Which is different from:** The added costs are not negligible with regard to my income. I was simply correcting the miscommunication about what I was comparing the costs against. I was not making a new statement in comparison to my income. My income is really irrelevant here except that it is relatively high for my area.
&gt; Things that kids do We'll do whatever we can afford to do. If we can't afford to get to the activity, then perhaps we won't do the activity. &gt; free bikes I don't think anyone said anything about them being free.
Thanks for your response! &gt; You can economize I wonder how far you can take this. How much can the usual costs be trimmed? And at what point is the effort no longer worth it?
&gt; "Get them their own bike" in one of your responses. Let me know how that works out for your two year old. That was in response to you asking what do with a ten year old. I'm not discounting any of the honest attempts to answer the question. I'm just trying to parse what's optional and what's necessary. And for some reason, I have been met with some hostility from you and a few others. I would appreciate if we could just stick to the subject of the post and leave personal judgements out of it.
Why are you being so rude?
Asking a question does not warrant being treated poorly. This sub is the most appropriate place to ask such a question.
On its own it's not. In context and in addition to your other comments, it is facetious. It is a snarky comment intended to disregard the questions and concerns at hand. It is belittling and rude.
I wasn't joking. I understand that the frugal way is less appealing for several reasons, but such is the case with all FI-oriented activities.
Good "human"
"What the darn?!"
Thank you for giving such a detailed and thoughtful answer! That's a huge help.
That's a good point. I'll have to look into that myself.
I appreciate your detailed answer. I really do. But if I may dig a little deeper, your answer seems absent of the usual FI principles. This sub usually prides itself on guarding against those who wish to reach into our wallets for things that aren't necessary or for things that don't bring value to our lives. Is parenting simply incompatible with those principles?
Not sure how that fits into the conversation, but ok.
You can't just say "bankruptcy."
*complicit
&gt;they cost A LOT of money Why?
That's a good point. Definitely something to consider. Basically my philosophy is that I will hold myself to the same standard to which I would hold my hypothetical child. Of course this is theoretical, so parents will likely take this opportunity to laugh at me. I don't spend any more on myself than necessary unless it will add to my happiness. And I would not spend any more than necessary on my child unless it will add to my child's happiness. Generally speaking, material things (like a bigger house or name brand clothes) will not make my child happier. I often hear people refer to how expensive childrearing is, as if the expense is inevitable. But the responses I've gotten here have affirmed my suspicion that, while those expenses are very common, they are mostly unnecessary. I'm not suggesting that there's anything at all wrong with those expenses. I'm just coming to understand that the price of raising a child can range from relatively little to an enormous amount. And one of the main determining factors is the amount of work that parent is willing/able to do him/herself.
Thank you very much. You're exactly right that I am not saying what anyone should or shouldn't do for their children. I'm just trying to get information about what's necessary and what's flexible. I'm glad you saw that, and I'm glad it was informative for you.
&gt;I don't think this is true. You can have abuse even with accountability, screening, and supervision. You've got your implication mixed up. Nobody was talking about institutions **with** those things. The claim was about institutions that **without** those things.
NPR just reported that she will be deported after serving her sentence.
Did you read the body of the post? I've considered the reality, and it's not immediately apparent that children will cause a substantial increase in our expenses. Are there some specific, intrinsic expenses, or is it just common-but-unnecessary?
The point would be if there is some aspect of the reality that I have failed to consider. Is there? I have no opinion here. I'm asking a question.
I have trouble hoping for that when such a power structure exists. I believe that dynamic will have to be altered or eliminated before there can be any reasonable expectation of change. Otherwise, a powerful position will continue to appeal to people who seek power. (Disclaimer: I am in no way suggesting that everyone who holds authority in the church fits that description. Just pointing out the natural attraction)
On what basis do you disagree?
**Ezekiel 17:** &gt; Thus says the Lord GOD: “I myself will take a sprig from the lofty top of the cedar and will set it out. I will break off from the topmost of its young twigs a tender one, and I myself will plant it on a high and lofty mountain. On the mountain height of Israel will I plant it, that it may bear branches and produce fruit and become a noble cedar. And under it will dwell every kind of bird; in the shade of its branches birds of every sort will nest. And all the trees of the field shall know that I am the LORD; I bring low the high tree, and make high the low tree, dry up the green tree, and make the dry tree flourish. I am the LORD; I have spoken, and I will do it.” **Ezekiel 31:** &gt;the word of the LORD came to me: “Son of man, say to Pharaoh king of Egypt and to his multitude: “Whom are you like in your greatness? Behold, Assyria was a cedar in Lebanon, with beautiful branches and forest shade, and of towering height, its top among the clouds. The waters nourished it; the deep made it grow tall, making its rivers flow around the place of its planting, sending forth its streams to all the trees of the field. So it towered high above all the trees of the field; its boughs grew large and its branches long from abundant water in its shoots. All the birds of the heavens made their nests in its boughs; under its branches all the beasts of the field gave birth to their young, and under its shadow lived all great nations. It was beautiful in its greatness, in the length of its branches; for its roots went down to abundant waters. The cedars in the garden of God could not rival it, nor the fir trees equal its boughs; neither were the plane trees like its branches; no tree in the garden of God was its equal in beauty. I made it beautiful in the mass of its branches, and all the trees of Eden envied it, that were in the garden of God. **Daniel 4:** &gt;I, Nebuchadnezzar, was at ease in my house and prospering in my palace.I saw a dream that made me afraid. As I lay in bed the fancies and the visions of my head alarmed me. So I made a decree that all the wise men of Babylon should be brought before me, that they might make known to me the interpretation of the dream. Then the magicians, the enchanters, the Chaldeans, and the astrologers came in, and I told them the dream, but they could not make known to me its interpretation. &gt;At last Daniel came in before me—he who was named Belteshazzar after the name of my god, and in whom is the spirit of the holy godsfn—and I told him the dream, saying, “O Belteshazzar, chief of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in you and that no mystery is too difficult for you, tell me the visions of my dream that I saw and their interpretation. The visions of my head as I lay in bed were these: I saw, and behold, a tree in the midst of the earth, and its height was great. The tree grew and became strong, and its top reached to heaven, and it was visible to the end of the whole earth. Its leaves were beautiful and its fruit abundant, and in it was food for all. The beasts of the field found shade under it, and the birds of the heavens lived in its branches, and all flesh was fed from it. **Luke 13:** &gt;He said therefore, “What is the kingdom of God like? And to what shall I compare it? It is like a grain of mustard seed that a man took and sowed in his garden, and it grew and became a tree, and the birds of the air made nests in its branches.” [Here's a pretty good explanation.](http://www.mt28.org/the-kingdom-of-god-and-a-mustard-plant.html)
To say that &gt;married people also engage in abuse of Children. would be sufficient to conclude that abstinence is not **the only** cause of abuse. But it would not be sufficient to conclude that abstinence is not **a** cause for abuse. (To be clear, I am not settled on this matter. I am still trying to form an opinion. But so far, one person has given a logical reason to believe that abstinence can lead to a greater likelihood of abuse. And another person has contradicted the claim without offering a valid reason.)
&gt;I understand the Christian explanation, as Jesus being the ultimate sacrifice. I just want to make you aware that not all Christians subscribe to that line of thinking. Many Christians (such as myself) share your views on Jesus's sacrifice. That is, his death has no direct effect on me at all. Rather, his death sets an example for me to follow.
You're just reasserting the same point. I'm asking **On what basis** do you make this point? What is the reasoning that supports it?
He didn't see himself as a founder of anything. And I think he would be appalled if he knew that his followers would go on to form an entirely new religion. The monolithic church that we know was formed in Jesus's name, but not at his direction.
There are many major ways in which it goes directly against Jesus's instructions. One of which I already explained - its powerful, authoritarian nature.
I haven't written off anything. I am trying to understand which expenses are intrinsic/fixed (necessary) and which ones will vary with lifestyle (optional). &amp;#x200B; It seems that some people (such as yourself) have been offended by the suggestion that the expenses they chose aren't necessary, and have responded defensively with rudeness and condescension. But I am not passing judgement on the choices they made; I'm simply identifying it as a choice. I myself would likely choose many of the same things.
What necessary expenses have I said were optional?
Food - Addressed in the original post Clothing - Addressed in the original post Diapers - I didn't say diapers are unnecessary. I said there is an option between disposable (more expensive/convenient) and reusable (less expensive/convenient). In other words, the expense is optional. Education - Are you saying this is a necessary expense for parents? Transportation - I didn't say transportation is unnecessary. I said there is a choice between more expensive and less expensive modes. In other words, the expense is optional. Childcare - Addressed in the original post Toys - I didn't say anything about toys. Activities - These are available for free. Paying for them is optional.
You've misunderstood or misrepresented what I said in each of your points. &gt;You seem to think that since there are ways to reduce expenses they don't exist. This is the miscommunication right here. That's not what I mean. When I say that something is optional, I'm not saying it doesn't exist. I'm just noting that those expenses will vary according to one's lifestyle. - I could put my kids in expensive music lessons or I could teach them myself for free. My choice would be to do it myself for free. - I could put my kid in an expensive organized sports league or I could take them to the public park with their friends and let them play together for free. - I could buy them toys, or let friends and family do it for me (as is common), or I could get free/cheap used toys, or I could reuse the toys I've stored from my own childhood, or I make toys myself. I'm not saying I won't choose to buy new toys; I'm just making the point that there are lots of cheap/free alternatives for a parent who's willing to deviate from the norms. My lifestyle is quite unusual, because I tend to opt out of things that other people can't imagine life without. This unusual lifestyle has made me happier than I would have been otherwise, and I intend to pass that happiness onto my children by instilling the same values in them. I thought that unusual lifestyle was common (or at least well understood) on this sub, but I guess not.
Now we've reached a philosophical difference. I expect this difference with the majority of people. I'm surprised to find it here. &gt;how unrealistic you're being The majority of my lifestyle is thought of as unrealistic by the vast majority of people. Yet here I am doing it, and I'm happier because of it. When I was a kid, several of my friends played hockey and I wanted to too. My parents were never the type to discourage me from trying something new, so I was surprised when the answer to hockey was *no*. The equipment was too expensive and we couldn't afford it. So instead, I took up a bunch of cheaper activities and never gave hockey another thought. There's absolutely nothing wrong with them telling me *no*. I didn't resent them for it then, and I'm grateful for it now. If our child takes an interest in muscle cars, that's great, but we're not gonna buy him/her one. It just doesn't fit into our values. Similarly, if he/she wants to learn a musical instrument, he/she can learn one of the instruments that we already own. If he/she wants lessons, he/she can will have to settle for whatever I can give.
I disagree that there's any difference between not indulging expensive activities because I can't afford it and not indulging expensive activities because I think it's unreasonable. To use my previous example, my dad very realistically could have given up some of his own hobbies or worked overtime to pay for my hockey equipment. But that would have been unreasonable for several reasons, but two main ones: 1) That could have taken him away from spending time with me. 2) There are perfectly good alternative activities for cheap/free. &gt;Again the thing you're missing is this isn't about you. None of what I've said is motivated by my own desires. This is the lifestyle that has led to happiness for me. In my view, the best thing I can give my child is a set of values that lead to happiness and independence. Personally, I think taking the most convenient route (like disposable diapers, or paying someone to organize your activities for you) often results in short term benefits, but long-term dependence, laziness, and unhappiness.
You've misrepresented the views on this issue. There are more than two sides. But disregarding that, the reasons that people arrive at each of these positions are many and varied.
Adoption is still **a choice**. Many of those who want to deprive women of the choice to abort will happily exercise their choice to not adopt.
In other words, Adam and Eve ate sour grapes, so all their children's teeth are set on edge? That's definitely not how justice works, and that whole concept is explicitly refuted by both Ezekiel and Jeremiah.
&gt;Befriend the guys before the girls and it will show you're legit. I don't understand why this would be necessary. He's into a girl, so he needs to pursue all the guys?
I second both of these options. Personally I lean toward option 1.
F
It's somewhat likely that the Paul's story and Mark's story developed in different regions, so it would make sense that they developed differently until one spread into the other. In this case, Paul's story spread into Mark's.
Yes, it does. That idea is supported by scholarly consensus.
If everyone uses a postcard, then an envelope seems suspicious. But if everyone uses an envelope, then I can use an envelope without drawing negative attention. It's important to protect your privacy even if the particular content that you're sending/receiving at the moment isn't necessarily private. Partially to protect your neighbor's privacy and partially because to ensure it's available to you if you ever need it.
This only partially answers the question (if at all). Your answer is essentially "because it's scripture and scripture is useful." But that leaves the obvious question (which I believe OP was asking) - Why is the OT regarded as "scripture" and in what way is it useful?
That's a good a point in support of that particular verse. But it still doesn't address the central point - Why is the OT regarded as scripture by Christians today, and in what way is it useful?
No, the author did not write with the expectation that his audience would understand the phrase as defined by a tradition that wasn't invented yet. That doesn't make any sense. &gt;It may not be a jewish thing As I pointed out in my comment, it **is** a "Jewish thing." That is, its meaning is found in Jewish tradition.
No. But a cup probably would.
I don't think bigotry is what's being criticized here. It's close mindedness. Not just being opposed to something, but declaring one's opinion unchangeable.
&gt;he gently but firmly told them to repent and to "sin no more", An important caveat is that he only told that to those who inquired of him. This wasn't his message to the public; it was his message to his followers.
&gt;When he does so, His teaching IS repentence Please give just one example of Jesus teaching repentance without prior inquiry. &gt;If they were only in the desert, how do they get any disciples at all? They taught in the cities first (but not about repentance). &gt;His disciples are those that actually do repent, that answer the call to repentance According to all of the gospels, his disciples are those who genuinely sought to understand his teachings. &gt; Jesus doesn't have one set of messages for his disciples and a different set for others. I believe he does. In Matthew 13, Jesus's disciples are confused about why he speaks to the public crowds in such a weird way. Jesus explains that he speaks cryptically to the public in order to polarize the crowd. It drives away the critics and the indifferent, leaving only those who are genuinely seeking the truth. Only those will draw near and follow him up the mountain or into the wilderness to hear the truth of the kingdom.
&gt;knowing I think this is the root of the snarkiness - people thinking they know what they have no way of knowing. You have no idea what I'm going to choose to do.
That's not the logical conclusion drawn from this fact. The more reasonable conclusion is that the "1%" is an arbitrary figure that doesn't represent the real problem. The real problem exists where the wealth is more highly concentrated (such as the .1% or the .01%).
The difference is that my wealth has no effect on the villager in Africa. The problem with wealth inequality is not simply a disparity in means or a difference in lifestyle. The problem is when the two people must coexist, but the difference in their wealth impedes equality in other areas of life. By this measure, the cutoff is not so arbitrary. For example, if my net wealth is $10k and yours is $1M, there is a drastic difference in our wealth (by two orders of magnitude), but that difference doesn't create a difference in our abilities to shape public policy. However, there comes a point when a wealthy person gets a special seat at the political table. That's when inequality is a problem.
That's just one example, but I don't think it matters how much of an effect it has. The violation lies in the inequality of political voice. If a burglar breaks into my house, it doesn't matter if they leave with nothing at all (i.e they have no "effect").
An unequal political voice violates democratic principles. I find that relevant in a discussion of inequality.
&gt;~~Your point~~ **That particular example** is only relevant ~~under the assumption that everyone in the world lives~~ under a democracy FTFY
&gt;wealth is not the main driver of this social inequality Maybe not, but it is a driver of social inequality (so my point is valid) and it is the subject of this conversation (so my point is relevant). &gt;i simply do not believe wealth has to be equal globally. do you? No, I already said: &gt;There's no problem with two people simply having different standards of living
I assumed. I fixed the quote
&gt;we're all sinners and nobody is perfect This idea is a new development in Christianity, and I think it's dangerous. Jesus did not intend for the church to be a group of sinners. There are already plenty of groups of sinners. The church was supposed to be a group of people committed to upholding God's values - not a group of people failing to uphold God's values.
Wow so surly.
That's a great point. Both Protestant and Orthodox churches are primarily authoritarian, which is exactly what Jesus criticized the Pharisees for.
I understood your comment. &gt;the common fallacy that every christian should always be an infallible saint I think this is a scarecrow. This fallacy is not common. What is common is the belief that Christians are actually supposed to refrain from sin. This belief is often mischaracterized as "Christians are supposed to be totally flawless," which is obviously impossible. &gt;There is only one person that took human form and was truly blameless The Bible refers to many people as blameless aside from Jesus. &gt;we are all born sinners This is a contradiction in terms. To sin is to violate God's values. You cannot be born having already violated God's values. You cannot be born having already done anything. Unless you are referring to the sinful nature that we supposedly inherited from Adam, but that idea is explicitly refuted by both Ezekiel and Jeremiah - children cannot inherit their parents' sin. &gt;It's much easier to learn and uphold God's values when you understand the brokenness from which we came and extend grace and mercy to everyone rather than judging them. I absolutely agree. But it's important to understand that we are expected uphold God's values and stop violating them.
My point is that not everyone is a sinner, and you refer to both sinners and saints. It seems that we are in agreement. Some people in the church community will fail (and have failed) to uphold God's values. But we are expected to uphold God's values, and in fact, many do.
&gt;you think you know what you have no way of knowing I don't have to be a parent to know that cloth diapers are an option or what they cost. I don't have to be a parent to know that it's free to go to the public park instead of an expensive sports league. I don't have to be a parent to know that riding a bike is a way to get around town. These expenses (and whether they are truly necessary) can all be determined without personal experience. Generally speaking, I prefer to make such assessments based on data rather than anecdotal personal experience.
I disagree. With a concentration of wealth at one end of society comes a concentration of opportunity. The more uniform the distribution, the more equal the opportunity. (Disclaimer: I'm not advocating for a uniform distribution, as that has its own problems.)
That's only true under certain conditions, and I would argue that those conditions are rarely met.
&gt; examples of governments or companies using randomly collected, non-targeted data Your request for examples wasn't about recorded sound; it was about the unscrupulous use of personal data (of which this is a perfect example). Recording sound is just a modern parallel of exactly the same thing. The commenter even broadened the explanation to make the analogy clearer: &gt;When that information got into the hands... You are now shifting the goalposts by insisting that the collection of personal data is not a risk unless it can be shown that the data was collected and exploited in exactly the same way previously.
Obviously, the criticism of this move is not about troops being removed. That is, of course, the goal. The criticism is against having no plan. When people demand that the troops be removed, they do so under the assumption that their removal would be well orchestrated.
&gt;Reddit was complaining I'm starting to suspect that Reddit is actually millions of different people with varying opinions.
Your logical fallacy is: **[strawman](https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/strawman)** Nobody is criticizing the decision to pull out of Afghanistan. The criticism is against the decision to pull out **with apparently no plan**. When people demand that the troops be removed, they do so with the assumption that the exit will be well orchestrated.
I'm just pointing out the fallacy in your comment.
I said there is **apparently** no plan. That is, by all appearances, this decision has been made without the consent of advisors and experts.
You've misrepresented the criticism. &gt;to keep up appearances Nobody is saying the exit is bad simply because it looks bad. To answer your question, I don't think Vietnam is a valid comparison.
Nobody was talking about that. I don't think you understand what the strawman fallacy is. You can follow the link above to read more about it.
&gt;There is no such thing as a "well orchestrated removal". The US is either going to leave Saigon style, or it will occupy Afghanistan until the end of time. This is a perfectly valid counterpoint. The rest of your comment is unnecessary and inaccurate. That's a shame because your good point will likely be ignored because you made it adversarial when it was otherwise constructive. &gt;Well then what is? I don't know of a valid comparison to our situation in Afghanistan.
I pointed out the strawman fallacy in the previous comment, and you've responded with a false choice fallacy. Leaving with no plan and staying with no plan are not our only choices. We could do either one with a plan, and that would be exceedingly better.
That's irrelevant. Two wrongs don't make a right.
That's irrelevant.
It wasn't just an observation. It was comparison of two opposing arguments to show the clear superiority of one of them (and thereby showing support for one over the other). But in comparing them, he/she misrepresented the one that was intended to appear inferior.
I was just pointing out the misrepresentation of the argument.
They're called [mental models](https://medium.com/@yegg/mental-models-i-find-repeatedly-useful-936f1cc405d), and they are useful because they give us a concise way to describe complex ideas/fallacies. They also have the advantage of giving us a way to address an idea without leveling any personal judgement against the person who holds the idea. I believe there's an uptick in people calling out these fallacies because there's been an uptick in people using them.
Don't you see that what your accusing others of doing is exactly what you're doing. I've offered a valid explanation for the criticism against Trump's decision, but you have outright rejected that explanation. It seems your only basis for rejecting it is that doing so paints Trump's critics in a more negative light.
I'm improving the quality of this conversation by pointing out logical inconsistency. What were you hoping to achieve with your comment?
Then I'm glad you're not in charge.
&gt;It's just anti-Trump and you know it. Of course some people will hate everything Trump does, but it's dishonest to suggest that those people represent the majority. And it's more dishonest to pretend that there aren't more valid critiques being made.
I'm just pointing out the logical inconsistency in the comment. Some degree of consent from (or coordination with) our allies would be a good start.
Perhaps, for some, that is the case. It is dishonest to suggest that that is is only basis for criticism or even the primary the basis.
The military can certainly handle an exit **tactically** and **logistically**. The complaint is about not having a **strategic** plan to which this exit contributes.
Perhaps, for some critics, that's the case. But it's dishonest to focus on the weakest argument as if it is representative of the whole, or to pretend that there aren't more valid critiques.
I think the immediacy in those two situations would have two different degrees of negative consequences.
Now you've changed the subject. Your previous comment was about whether our exit should be well orchestrated. Now you're talking about whether the war itself is justifiable.
&gt;the American campaign in Afghanistan has just been one prolonged mistake Agreed. That's the "one mistake" that I referred to in my previous comment. Following it with a second mistake (like exiting without a plan) would be worse. &gt;The only feasible resolution is to withdraw As I said before, the criticism against this decision is not against withdrawing. It's against doing so this apparently no plan.
&gt;What plan do you think there needs to be? I think a coordinated strategy with the consent of advisors, experts, and allies would be a good start.
Perhaps, for some, the criticism is merely partisanship, but there are more valid criticisms being made. For example, as I said above, exiting with apparently no plan. By insisting that the weakest argument (it's just a Republican) is the only argument, you conveniently manage to avoid answering the legitimate complaints.
I don't think it takes an expert to recognize that this decision was made without the consent of advisors and experts and without coordination with our allies.
&gt;They complained about “how it’s being done” when we left Vietnam, when we left Iraq the first time, when we left Korea, etc. I fail to see how past complaints have any bearing on the legitimacy of this complaint.
If something is consistently done poorly, and it consistently warrants complaints, then you would get the same result. So how do you know which is the case. Just because the complaints are consistent doesn't make them illegitimate.
&gt;Afghanistan is good Again, this is a misrepresentation of the criticism against this decision. Nobody is arguing that we shouldn't exit. The criticism is that our exit should be part of a larger strategy and that it should be conducted with the consent of advisors and experts and in coordination with our allies.
&gt;expect to always know the plan The plan doesn't need to be known for there to be evidence of the plan's existence. Right now, there is no evidence that this exit is part of any strategy. Nor does it have the consent of advisors or experts or allies.
Not exactly the same. And not everyone celebrated it. You're being dishonest.
&gt;Also, who says there isn't a plan? There is no evidence of a plan (consent of advisors and experts, coordination with allies). Whether the last administration's decisions were legitimate or not has no bearing on whether Trump's decision is legitimate.
It seems you prefer to insist on the same point more strongly rather than address the points I've made.
I see you've decided to disregard my point and simply reassert the same argument with no support.
My points have been the same throughout the conversation. I don't understand what flip-flopping you're referring to.
Not only is there no evidence of a plan, but as I said, there is evidence to the contrary (the lack of consent of advisors and experts, and the surprise of allies). &gt;they didn't tell everyone step by step about how... Like I also said, the complaint is not about Trump failing to publicize the details of the plan. The complaint is about there being apparently no plan at all.
The critics of Trump's decision to exit without a plan recognized the absence of a plan. That is evidenced by the lack of consent from experts and advisors and the lack of coordination with our allies.
I can't tell if you're misunderstanding or intentionally misrepresenting the criticism against this decision. Military advisors advised against this decision. Our allies were caught by surprise by this decision. The complaint is not that the military cannot handle the logistics of an exit; it's that the exit apparently doesn't fit into any strategy.
People keep saying this, but it doesn't make sense. Making a mistake before doesn't justify making a mistake again.
I fail to see the connection between the justifiability of the war itself and the need to exit strategically.
&gt;everybody clapped Not everybody
I'm not sure how that's relevant.
I'm not sure you understand what a strategy is.
You're obviously disregarding my main point, but I'll say it differently just to appease you. The criticism being made of Trump's decision is not simply about the withdrawal itself; it's about the lack of a strategic plan.
I see you've decided to disregard my point and reassert the same original argument with no support.
The strawman fallacy is the misrepresentation of another person's argument in order to make it easier to debunk. The commenter said: &gt;Also reddit: Trump bringing troops home is an OUTRAGE! This is a misrepresentation of the criticism of Trump's decision to withdraw. The complaint is not that he decided to withdraw; it's that he did so with apparently no plan. The commenter juxtaposed this with another criticism of Trump in an effort to show the self-contradiction of Trump's critics. ☑️ Misrepresentation ☑️ In an effort to debunk Yep, it fits the definition of a strawman perfectly.
I would agree that it's against Trump, but not blindly so. It's specifically against Trump's lack of: - A strategic plan - Consent of advisors - Approval of experts - Coordination with allies Those are all legitimate concerns.
&gt;Haven't we had enough time to plan it? Apparently, Trump made this decision two days ago without the consent of his advisors and without coordination with our allies. So no, that's not enough time.
I'm sorry, but I believe my comments are grounded in reality, and "oh come on" isn't very convincing.
Right, that's what the criticism is about - the lack of a plan.
&gt;you think the best strategy is to continue to kill Americans and Syrians and Afghani people This is another strawman. Nobody is saying that. Do you have a way to support your position that doesn't involve misrepresenting another person's argument?
&gt;keep American troops in Syria Nobody is saying that. I've already stated that the criticism against Trump's decision is not that he is exiting Afghanistan. It's that he is doing so without a plan.
What makes you think that exiting with a plan isn't a possibility?
You keep talking about fixing the ME, but that's not what this conversation is about. This conversation is about having a plan, and having a plan doesn't have to involve fixing the ME.
There's no evidence that there is a plan. And there is evidence to the contrary. He did not consult any advisors or experts, his SoD resigned, and our allies are taken by surprise.
Further destabilizing the region seems like a pretty substantial risk.
It should involve (at a minimum) consulting with advisors and experts to get their consent and coordinating with our allies.
I'm no expert, but global instability has stifled economic growth in the past. It could also allow our enemies to gain influence in a region where they otherwise wouldn't have. It could lead the creation of a new ISIS. It could diminish our security posture in defense against our adversaries. It could lead to terrorist attacks against us and/or our neighbors. It could weaken relations with our allies. It could lead to more war later. Just some possibilities. Like I said, I'm no expert, and neither is our president. That's why I (like he should) tend rely on the input of experts.
There is perhaps a blind hatred among some on the left. But anyone who hates an idea simply because of the person who holds it is ignorant. It's also a misconception to think that the most ignorant criticism is the only criticism. And it's a waste of time to refute the ignorant criticism when there is legitimate criticism being made.
&gt;the president should keep troops in war zones People keep saying this as if the only options are - Exit abruptly with no strategy - Don't exit Those aren't the only options. When people criticize Trump for leaving with no plan, they are not saying that we should stay. They are saying that we should have a coordinated strategy for leaving. &gt;so our allies can’t be impacted by us leaving That's not how it works. US presence anywhere in the world has an impact on both our allies and our enemies. &gt;And of course I’m talking legally, what else is there So far in this conversation, the issue of consent is a matter of public opinion. You are changing the subject by making it a matter of legality.
&gt;call for sending our kids and relatives to go die overseas It seems you've already forgotten my main point. The criticism about Trump's decision is not about whether we should exit. Of course we should. The criticism is about the lack of a plan. Nobody here is advocating for staying in Afghanistan, yet you keep getting caught up on that.
I guess, when it comes to the accuracy of those two movies, you could say they're I-*\*clap\**-dentical.
