No. Entry level starts at 23K. What that actually costs may well end up that much with benefits and such.
Weiters has an assload of service time, if he is healthy he is on the 25 man roster. Period.
Was going to mention that once you go over 20 amps there are a whole lot of different nemas in just the us.
Well. Processing Power Would have been better, yes. But have you ever considered that the rules of thermodynamics in the real world may be such that the thermal energy from humans consuming food is more efficient than just burning the food would have been? The laws are different here, IN the matrix, but that is because that is what the machine overlords want us coppertops to think.
That is correct rounding. 2/3 is .666666666666666666666666666666666.... Well you know. 6 is above 5, rounds up. 1/3 is .333333333 3 is below 5, rounds down.
To be a wife beating utility infielder in the Os roster you need to hit better than .208 . With Hardy back, and Pierce at least capable of playing 2B, culling the herd was gonna happen sooner or later.
Popped em with my lips.
If you have a gmail custom domain you can do similar things with the wildcard address... I have a filter set up on the catchall that forwards and deletes all mail to xxxx-ZZZZ@cusromdomain.com to xxxx@customdomain.com, where ZZZZ is any string. This is like using the +, but + is hard to stick into web forms.
Excommunicated people are by definition already excommunicated. "barred from receiving the Eucharist and from taking an active part in the liturgy" does not bar them from"going to church".
Not really.
Been using family Italian as dressing and Marinade for years.
Free Reimold
Glad to see the back of Salazar.
Sam is now 23.
Yes.
Well he has me beat. I was in 6th grade and watched it on TV.
Shockingly the US does not have a consistent message in this regard. We have often expressed annoyance with Japan for not doing things that were expressly prohibited by the constitution that we wrote for them.
Yes, we made sure that we gave Bin Laden his first demand as soon as possible. Step 1 - Cut and run.
The war on terror is everywhere.
We can however immediately capitulate to terrorist demands.
Judging by past experience, we would do so after asking permission from the Saudis, then immediately invade a completely unrelated country.
We should thank the Baltimore Sun, for essentially biting down on the warehouse idea and never letting it go. It was originally just one of a few ideas, and they refused to show other designs when discussing the park. We can also thank Janet Marie Smith, Herb Belgrad, Larry Lucchino and William Donald Schaefer, all of whom were smart enough to realize that 45,000 good seats in a beautiful ballpark are better than 65,000 in a new Commiskey clone.
If the Saudi's tell us too.
Because I am 4 joke comments in. I will however give my honest appraisal of the events that led to the US leaving Saudi Arabia. I can do this because while absolutely true, it is utterly laughable. Bin Laden starts to seriously gather resources to attack the US. His main issue is US bases located within the "Holy Land" of Saudi Arabia. Bin Laden is detained , US, at the request of their good pals, the Saudis, permits his release. Bin Laden organizes truck bombing of the world trade center. Bin Laden arranges that Black Hawk down thing. US stops getting troops on the ground, just in time for that Hotel Rawanda thing. US gets a good lead on his location, attempts to murder him with missiles. Move is widely mocked as an attempt to hide the fact that the President likes fucking interns with a cigar container. New US administration, even chummier with the Saudis but not as likely to fuck interns with a cigar container, stops tracking Bin Laden to concentrate on Iraq. Saudis are mostly pleased. Bin Laden takes a second, far more successful shot at the world trade center. Unable to blame the attack on a non-Saudi national due to overwhelming evidence, the US sadly attacks Bin Laden's allies in Afghanistan. Poised to overrun Bin Laden's base, the US agrees to a moronic cease fire, giving Bin Laden time to escape. With Bin Laden missing, but Afghanistan mostly Contained, the US ,based on sketchy and later demonstrated to be clearly fraudulent data, attacks one of the only two nations in the middle east where Bin Laden has no support, with vague promises to get to the other one later if they can find a few extra trillion. The US moves its troops out of Saudi Arabia, the only nation with actual government ties to Bin Laden. 10 years later, socialist muslim president shoots Bin Laden in the face. The end.
We need to pack him in bubble wrap for shipping.
I suspect for now we put Schoop on the 60 day disabled, he has been out since mid April.... I think that Pearce is gonna need to trip in the dugout and go on the 15 day disabled though. Peace is either hurt or a .199 hitter and neither of those is gonna stick. I think Parades and Navarro are our backup infielders until Schoop comes back.
He's hitting a lot better than Pearce. We have another year of control and gave up prospects, Snyder isn't leaving here hitting 260.
No, this time I have faith.
Well, it was more like Oliver begging Batman for a little piece of supes.
Six full seasons and an all star game.
Since Andy MacPhail didn't get the job.... Is he a potential replacement for someone who wants to be in Toronto?
Best 25th pick since Mike Trout. Maybe.
I always knew it would come down to you and the big blue school boy.
Whatcha gonna do. We lost 4 games by 6 runs. It hurts that the pitcher we sent to Boston is doing better than Harvey, Bundy and maybe Gaussman but dems da breaks. At least we didn't trade Yoenis Cespedes. I am almost hoping for us to suck into August, Having traditionally crappy teams like the Astros and Minnesota doing well means there is some opportunity to loot other teams high draft choices.
What did Cleveland ever do to you? I am hoping for Lebron to cary the team on his back to get Cleveland a trophy, I am a sap for happy endings., and have zero irons in the NBA fire.
Lets rough the kid up. He's a rookie with two wins, not Sandy Koufax.
We selected a pitcher named Garrett Cleavinger. Cleavinger pitching to Clevinger is all I ask.
I find myself oddly excited about Reimold. I sat next to his wife on a flight once, they seem like good people. Nice kids. I would be delighted if he ends his career with a few great seasons. Not only because we kind of need him to.
I would like to order a soft liner to JJ, please.
Robo-koufax or Zombi-Koufax?
Tantrum Please.
That bounced on the line.
Incredibly, I think Zach is better with runners.
I suspect our last 7 game win streak was in 2012.
1
1 Unassisted 3 unassisted.
Stand up.
Hmmmnnn.
No Tommy.
Exhale.
Pitching won. 9 zeros up there.
YESSSSS
I want #3
I don't need to see it every 5 minutes.
Handed the ball to the kid. Man.
Please god, I don’t ask you for much, okay that was a lie, but please let Reimold stay healthy for a a few seasons. He is a nice guy, do it for him.
Gonna need your schedule for the next 4 months, you are going to need to post something critical before every Reimold at bat for the rest of the season.
Maybe cry a little in private. Call his mom. Cure cancer.
Because it doesn’t autocorrect to waters or parades.
Strikeout, DP. NOW.
He'll save every one of us!
Mannnnnny!
Yesss, let your anger flow.
Manny. That was badass.
So... Slow runner on first.
Grrrrr.
For future reference, I prefer a less stressful game.
Hot dog eating hall of fame maybe.
That was one for the highlight reel.
Bring on the Yanks.
The one time I went to a game at Fenway, back around 1988 I would say, I saw a guy throw a cup of beer into the face of a foul-mouthed grey haired old lady. She was wearing a Yankees hat in the bleachers so she may or may not have been asking for it.
Ahhh.
I peed myself with that foul down the line.
Hail Mt. Saint Josephs high, hail alma maaaater...
Wild pitch stole an RBI from AJ.
I want 2 more.
Lets beat up the penn, got 2 more games.
I love how Tex still gets booed.
Hail Alma Maater... Thy sons are we...
Did the PA just play the price is right sad trombone for Tex's error? That is so disrespectful. I love it.
No need to finish the sentence actually.
Steal Home.
I think Buck is still holding a grudge.
Why not both?
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
So. Bud Norriss tonight.
But a wedding cake is a wedding cake, it is a service that they offer. It is white, has hard shellacked icing and tastes like crap. By your logic they can say, "We refuse to serve black WEDDINGS." Or more to the point, "We refuse to serve interracial WEDDINGS." Because the language around interracial marriage was pretty much identical in the 50s and 60s.
Anarchy is the most unstable form of government. Make your own site and hang out there. Call it 4chan.
I suppose this breaks down on what people think being gay is... is it a continuing choice to fuck someone of the same sex, or is it just the way someone is? Nazis chose to be Nazis, whether it was the cool uniforms and iconography, loving Germany and hating jews, or simply being afraid not to be. So refusing to deliver to Nazis and refusing delivery to gays are pretty different things. An exciting story though, "Hans Ackermann, White Rose baker."
He is signed to 2018 with a club option in 2019, so, not a rental. His salary is 20 million a year, and the Phillies aren't going to pay any of that. Keep in mind though... This is considered TEAM FRIENDLY. I definitely want no 3 months rentals, but it is at least worth considering, especially if we move say Norris or Chen. Or both and bring up Gaus as a starter. They want prospects and young players for a rebuild. We can't give up too many, but a proven ace is one of the rarest commodities.
Taxi Squad... who gets the shoe dropped?
For Sale: 1 case of champagne. Still cold.
Hitting a deer is bad, hitting an oak tree is much, much, worse.
We were soooo bad in 87. This was the season we started 0-21.
Not a dong, doesn't count.
Pearce is gonna be bummed.
It is too bad we took Davis out, he is the logical counter. Instead we will put in tommy Hunter, who will allow the Phillies to tie the game up.
Parmaloo parmalee. I think that was an out but reviewing it would be a bit rude.
He has put up the only 0 frame so far, so pretty good id say.
Reimold in for davis. Parmallee playing first.
Flaherty!!!!!!!!!
Oh thank god.
The best you can do is stop stealing and take out your starters.
Thanks for messing up Tampa Bay.
Kevin Gregg was made for a 16 run lead.
He played there one game in 2011.
That is a rookie pie and one for each HR.
Go Mets!
Watch Frenchie kill us tonight.
Lets go Marlins then.
Wow. Who the fuck cares?
ARod and Jeter were both big fans.
We all die alone.
Did you miss the part about death camps?
I am worried that hockey fans will kidnap him.
I have it. They black out all the Os games if your IP address seems to be from inside the Os broadcast area.
If this guys strike zone is consistent I would just take every pitch that wasn't a fastball down the middle.
Jesus.
Ball 5.
So a one run inning means we are turning things around?
Could be the three pitches he threw at Jones. Of course he had no control of where he was throwing anything...
I hope the Jays get their entire staff ejected and make a lot of base running errors.
Weiters walks on 4 straight balls and strikes.
Reimhold in center. Yuck.
Deres dat arm.
Anyone else to eject?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Strikes out swinging at ball 4. Oh well. Made it interesting at least.
They could have really fucked mom on the "Dealer Costs".
We released the pictures so everyone in the country where they were leaders knew they weren't coming back.
No, they invented smartphones and tablets that my Mom actually wanted to use. I had a color smartphone in 2002. A touchscreen tablet in 2003. A color smartphone with wifi in 2004. Apple made these products with interfaces that let technophobes use them. They also made the first actually usable portable web browser. If Microsoft had exerted the correct amount of energy into windows ce then they could have owned the space. They did not.
He still needs to be on the 25 man roster when he comes back.
Snyder is not a tremendous defender. But the shadow didn't help.
Thats muh boy.
I do not know. We kept Flaherty on our playoff rosters in 2012, and in fact he was fairly productive.
Jose Bautista was our rule V draft selection in 2003.
Yes putting our late inning guy in the 8th is "stirring the pot".
Cough.
Warn the managers, eject the pitcher, bean Bautista...
If there is one thing I have learned from Jays fans, every hit batsman, no matter how obviously accidental, is a deliberate snipe at our glory that must be avenged!!!!!!
Sarcasm tag.
I HATE Josh Donaldson.
And Gherig bats into an game ending DP!!!!
Bautista is still pissed at the Os for giving up on him after 18 games in 2004. He is douchey when he plays the O's. Donaldson is just an all around dickhead.
I know Tilly is our ace and all, but he has been completely ineffective. He is going to end up in the bullpen pretty soon.
He has been up and down already. Team option was spent this year. All ups and downs are free from here on.
He won 15 games 2 years in a row. That is our ace.
Jesus we have a lot o bitchy fans.
I wouldn't be surprised. As awful as this is for us as fans, it is worse for him. He wants to win. He is on the verge of being demoted from #1 starter to long relief. I cannot imagine anything as frustrating as being out there all alone and giving the Jays back 6 runs in an inning.
I kinda felt sorry for Gregg by the end of his tenure here. He was well aware that he was a ridiculously overpaid failed closer. I mean he made quite a lot of money for pissing off the fans, and I wanted to slap those stupid glasses off his face at times, but what was he to do? Not take the money? It wasn't like he wanted to be completely ineffective. In 2012 Buck used him as a toxic waste sponge. When we were behind by 5 and our starter was shook with no outs and runners in scoring position and every pitch they threw made things worse, and the fans were getting ugly, Gregg went out and took the lumps. He traded runs for outs and ended the dirty innings. He talked to the young pitchers when they had bad days and helped them put things in perspective. He wasn't whining that he wasn't getting save situations or short leads, he was doing his best when he could and talking the kids off the ledges when they had a bad day. His departing words made me a little sad. "Sometimes free agency doesn't work out for anyone." So I will say it. I like Kevin Gregg. I am ungodly happy that I will never see his astro-glasses in the 9th inning, but I wish him well.
A-men. I wonder if people think that he is out there trying to be ineffective. Saving his good pitches to use at home? He is doing his best and failing miserably, against a division rival, while the team is fighting back into contention. Tilman is sliding from #1 starter to long relief, a bunch of summer born, entitled, fair-weather, fans bitching like they are fucking Red Sox fans is just unseemly. We wouldn't have been in the playoffs in 2012 or 2014 without Tilly. Tilly has done nothing selfish or disrespectful to the Orioles fanbase. He deserves our respect. Buck and Duquette will make the ugly decisions here, based on baseball and business.
Also, and this applies to screaming in the stands, if you can't be a little bit witty, don't bother yelling at individuals. A simple frustrated FUCK will suffice.
Thanks, these were some brutal games. The bottom half of your lineup is fucking murder. And PLEASE.... Tear up the goddamn turf. Even your guys were surprised by the bounces. Also, if Josh Donaldson could fall down a well, it would be for the best. I am looking for a reason to hate him, and not finding it immediately. He was right in the center of Manny being a dick several times. Okay maybe it is just me hating him because he is so good, and getting better.
The question is what can we get for him? My fear at this point is that we trade off talent for short term help. We are in tricky place, we want to win AND build. Maybe trade Norris and Chen for prospects and then package the prospects along with Dylan Bundy for Cole Hamels.
I am not sure Bundy is ever going to produce. He was electric in a few games in 2012, but then he has had Tommy Johns since then and seems a bit fragile. Not what you want to see from a college arm.
I am hoping he turns it around. Hoping but not terribly hopeful.
20-25 Million a year is what an ace costs on the open market.
Chen is marketable. I would like to bring him back even, but he is gonna be 15 Mil a year. It may be better to say goodbye now and bring up Gaus. Norris is coming around. We show him off and he gets one or more good starts. Then we pray for a team in contention to lose a starter.
Just heard, that sucks. Looks like he has about a 75% prognostic factor, which is a good fighting swing at it, but he is very sick.
Enjoyed it very much, I was hesitant going in. Tommorrowland on the other hand is apreachy pile of crap.
So Schoop is about ready to rejoin the team. Sad to say but this would likely spell the end of Steve Pearce's career as an Oriole. Pearce is currently a quasi utility infielder, in that he can play second if Flaherty goes out, or has to shift to SS or 3B. Paredes is our emergency infielder. When Schoop returns it is a battle for starts between Flaherty and Schoop, but I don't see Flaherty going anywhere.
Well, we need to lose an outfielder ( we are dicking around with the pitching staff now, and that needs to end ) and an infielder. Pearce is the odd man out in the infield, Young in the outfield. Going 2 for his last 15 ABs was the nail in the coffin for Young. This is a pity, because Young is better in the outfield than Parmalee and Snyder as far as I can tell. If AJ goes on the DL then the outfield tryouts are extended for 15 days, but Pearce is toast.
I think buck is secretly hoping that Parm or Paredes returns to form so that he can give Pearce and/or Delmon more time to come around. But we have 6 outfielders, which is 2 too many, and 11 pitchers, which is 1 too few. What he really wants to happen is to put Delmon in deep freeze til September call-ups, but a left handed bat with power off the bench is too much of a luxury for these troubled times. We already need to ditch an active player in the infield or outfield. With Schoop, Chen, and Gonzo coming back we need to drop three. Pitcher is easy, Mychal Givens is insurance for now, though I would like to see him pitch, but the other spots are iffy.
Until Schoop comes back he is safe, no one wants Paredes playing a whole game at second. But after that we will have 4 guys who can hit better than he is who can play first, and 5 guys who can play the corner outfield spots as well as he can who are hitting better.
Parmaleeeeeee Parmalaaaaaaah
The irregular shape of Fenway inspired the architects of OPaCY to make the stadium with irregular dimensions and the short/high right field scoreboard. It isn't 301 feet though because that is just going too far.
Double steal. The plan is to distract the 2B with the runner from first. As soon as the catcher commits to second the runner at third tries to steal home. Unfortunately the sox executed perfectly, and nabbed the runner stealing home.
Didn't matter, they were all over him.
The thought is to rattle the D, we really want to get to the relief staff, force errors and get them reeling for the series.
Big Papi doesn't bunt! Big Papi swings for the fences. Who cares about the score? Big Papi plays for Big Papi!
Borrow someone's MLB account info and use unlocator to seem out of region. Not sure why I need to be sneaky when I have a FIOS account with 2 MASN channels AND pay $129 bucks a year for MLB tv. They need to work this crap out. 90% of the people who pay for MLB want to watch their home team, and those are the ones that are blacked out. I am not paying $130 bucks a month to watch the Padres play Arizona. So, so annoying.
He was supposed to be plus defense.
Wieters is not a fast man.
Annnnd he forgot.
Thank you.
Shut up Jim.
Huh.
Ubulto was out of gas, walked two, but got out of the 5th with only 1 run.
Alright lets go for the throat and pile on some runs.
Boegarts hit a baltimore chop with two out and runners on 1st and 2nd it came down 10 feet in front of third, Manny saw he had no play and let it bounce and it spun foul.
Boegarts struck out 230 foul balls later.
Uh-Yah.
I love the sound of balls bouncing off the BGM scoreboard. I picture some guy scrambling around picking up numbers inside.
"He wants to design a win."
I will take it.
You need to share, I say share that file son.
It wasn't even close. Wieters framed it.
The ump probably said, you are absolutely right John. But you are OUT OF HERE!!!
Hows you mother?...
Shush.
Clearly you are not an old.
Potayto potahto, lets just sit back and enjoy the magic.
They put in country boy because they wanted some modern music.
Have her call me, okay?
Sounds about right.
Only a 3 run lead. You need to be heartless. Kick them when they are down, because they may not stay down.
It has been more a matter that the Sox are executing really well on D.
He is 39.
Maybe. That bullpen is a long way out there.
Do not care in the least.
What is irritating to the eyes are Chlorimates, chlorine bonded with nitrogen. Urine, dirt, leaves and grass are all sources. Chlorimates still kill germs, but the are irritating. You need to shock them out of the water by bumping the chlorine very high. As long as the PH levels are good you can have a high level of chlorine without irritation. When the water is a bit cloudy and smells really "chloriney" then you know that the chlorimates are high and will be irritating. This concludes my Pool Operators license skills.
This is hardly breaking news guys. Learned all this in a Swimming Pool operations class in 1983. You normally keep the pool at 1.5 PPM of chlorine. As the free chlorine bonds with any source of nitrogen (nitrogenous wastes) it forms chlorimates. Chlorimines/chlorimates are what you normally associate as smelling like chlorine at a pool, as the chlorimates start to build up the water is a bit cloudy and smells strongly of chlorine even though the total PPM is still around 1.5. This is when it fucks up your eyes. To get rid of the chlorine you hyperclorinate, take the chlorine up to 4.5 - 6 PPM. This shocks the chloramines out of the pool. The problem is that you need to keep the PH level on the ball when the chlorine is that high or it will be irritating. If you have the PH in the golden zone ( 7.2 - 7.4 ) 4.5-6 PPM of chlorine is not at all irritating. The reason pool operators don't shock the chlorimines out of the system all the time is because the ph has probably gone too high to correct. You can drop it down a bit with murretic acid but as calcium is leached out of the pool walls it will eventually set up a buffered solution, forcing the PH more basic and preventing the Ph from dropping. At this point you need to dump water and start fresh. So all pool managers know about this, and dont give a fuck that the pool is irritating because chlorimates still kill germs. Plus they have learned to hate kids.
That wasn't in the class, but: http://chlorine.americanchemistry.com/Chlorine-Benefits/Safe-Water/Pool-Treatment-101.html Shock treatment adds a larger than normal amount of oxidizing chemicals to pool water. This additional dose destroys organic contaminants and oxidizes ammonia and nitrogen compounds to rid the area of irritating chloramine odor and, if chlorine is used for the purpose, to sanitize the water.
Leggs from Snide.
Well that sucks.
He was tracking it towards the end.
He had to spin to recover the bobble. He was flat at the end.
Hmmmnnnnn.
Lets take these back.
There is no polygraph data in the sf86.
Whellp. bunch of Chinamen know all about my arrest record.
Not like true American heroes like you, who did the hard work of getting shot out of a birth canal in the correct place. AMERICA!
So Dan Savage (and Reddit) picks up the slack in shaming Bristol Palin.
You can still hire her. http://www.singlesourcespeakers.com/speakers/bristolpalin/ She probably has tens of thousands to fall back on rather than millions, but I don't deny your point. The issue I see is that we are mocking her for being an unwed mother. Why are we mocking unwed mothers? That is what THEY do, and we dislike them for it. Have you seen Bristol mock unwed mothers? We are bashing a 25 year old for her mothers' idiot opinions. There is indeed some misogyny here. We are failing to live by our own high standards.
10 bucks says Young is DfA tonight. * Edited for clarity.
Probably the rest of the season. Need to protect Wieters arm AND give Joseph plenty of work, no telling what happens next year.
Yeppers.
Still need a move for Chen.
Schoop is back to Bowie tonight so no DL or Schoop tonight. Judging by the lineup, Young, Pearce or Reimold will be DFA or traded by game time.
I am going to get my garden gnomes or die trying.
http://media.trb.com/media/photo/2010-04/53065447.jpg Great, great, pitcher.
Though.... http://www.masnsports.com/steve-melewski/2015/06/during-brief-camden-yards-visit-jonathan-schoop-said-hes-ready-to-return-to-os.html "I feel like I am better than before. I feel stronger and faster than before and like I am a better player than before. I'm ready for sure."
McFarland Optioned. http://www.masnsports.com/school-of-roch/2015/06/orioles-option-mcfarland-1.html
I lose 10 bucks. http://www.masnsports.com/school-of-roch/2015/06/orioles-option-mcfarland-1.html We go with a short bullpen for now. Interesting decision.
Yes I didn't figure we would go with a short relief staff heading into 17 days with 16 games and a staff that rarely gets out of the 6th inning, but there ya go. I think D.D. is still pounding the phones.
Yes, He is trying to make some deals. If we can get some value for one or two of the outfield glut it would be great. Who knows, maybe we can trade Norris.
Oh sure.
Rats.
You slap hitter you!
Psyched for Tilman tomorrow. Or at least for garden gnomes.
Rosa Parks was a criminal. Martin Luther King was a criminal. If the law is unjust then the crime can be just.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tea_Party_movement
This is just incorrect in so many ways.
If we are trying to say that the colonials had it no worse than the British citizenry, this is fairly accurate. But the British citizenry, like all of the world's commoners, were treated like dog shit. The rights of individual citizens in the 18th century were miniscule compared to the rights and freedoms enjoyed today by British or US citizens. And this is true for privileged white male landowners. Non whites, poor's and women were off the scale oppressed. The bill of rights were explicitly made, because each of its amendments were grievances that were routinely violated. Wall street? We are bitching because the government is being heavily influenced by a privileged caste. Before the revolution the government WAS a privileged caste, the peerage. The supposition that the US government is more oppressive today than the British government was in 1770 is just about the stupidest fucking thing I have read today, a bar so low you must have needed drilling equipment to crawl below.
She didn't steal it. She tore it the fuck down. Vandalism, not theft. What she dis was illegal, but at some point obeying an unjust law becomes immoral.
But this flag was flying over a government building. Not somebody's front lawn. If I was a government that decided to declare their defiance to the civil rights movement by hoisting a flag that was created for a government created to guarantee the practice of slavery, I hope that someone would knock me the fuck out.
But you are not accurate. Gay pride does not imply the devaluation of heterosexuality. The Confederate flag, as the official flag of the confederacy, the ku klux klan and the dixicrats, is a flag that stands for racist oppression.
Northern blacks don't know their place.
The Reverend Jesse Jackson invented this phrase, and it was an attempt to make it a cultural term, like irish american or italian american. It was a failure on many levels, I pretty much stuck to black myself.
Not terribly ridiculous comparison, if we include the KKK and the Dixiecrats in.
She is going to jail for doing the right thing. Hero.
http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20140719/PC16/140719278 Oh wait, yes there is. You might not have noticed, white boy.
That and a bunch of voting fraud in Ohio.
I went to a double header in 1989 that lasted 12 hours. Went to the memorial stadium bar in between games.
Allowed? Of course you aren't ALLOWED. It is civil disobedience. Fighting an unjust law to bring attention to it. You go to jail, take your lumps. The alternative is being complicit in the existence of the law.
Ubalto goes out and saves the relief staff on the front end of a double header. Let him finish it.
Then this might kill you. http://deadspin.com/5914094/dear-terry-francona-please-stop-emailing-photos-of-yourself-half-naked-in-a-towel-to-my-girlfriend
Look. I had to see it, why should you all be spared?
Great game. Now, clear that stadium. Look under every chair, inside every store. I will have my Buck Gnomes. I am going to give them names and back stories and they will have adventures in my front yard and living room.
Matusz needed the work more.
1-3 get the most at bats, never gonna move him from there.
Rays lose.
Hah, Astros just added an extra run.
Yes!
Astros beat the Yanks.
Dare I say it, we win this one and we are in a 3 way tie for first.
I think he is kind of playing up the Gnome annoyance though.
https://www.dropbox.com/s/4vf2afnr2uq191p/zvart-laconi%27buck.png?dl=0 His name is Zvarrt Laconi'Buck of the Sho'Walten clan.
I think it is 50/50. It annoys him but he finds it funny at some level.
He is a good guy. I expect the Phightin' Phils to be back in form in no time at all. You over-reached a little with free agency, but there are a lot of good pieces to work with.
He scared me a little when he said.... "What do you like about it." . I expected him to corner Ed and say, "I make you laugh, how? Do I amuse you? Like a clown?" Buck is a complex fellow. He seems to really dislike being in the spotlight. He has no problems with discussing baseball, or the game. or anything like that, but he REALLY doesn't like it to be about him. I imagine that some of that is how things went in NYC. He went from being worshipped, being on Seinfeld, to being thrown out like garbage and forgotten about. So he understands the honor, but he is definitely annoyed. Dear god I love this man. I am also making good my promise to name my Gnomes and have adventures with them in the yard. https://www.dropbox.com/s/4vf2afnr2uq191p/zvart-laconi%27buck.png?dl=0 His name is Zvarrt Laconi'Buck of the Sho'Walten clan.
I think nothing happens until someone gets hurt or traded. The Os aren't going to give away any of these guys.
He is definitely on the bubble, but also the kind of guy you might want on your playoff roster as a pinch hitter. This is definitely one of those good problems to have.
Os talking to the Astros about minor league outfielders, including LJ Hoes. I assume the Astros need pitching help now...
He's gonna get moved. Not sure what kind of value he has though.
It is very hard to pick an "Ace" and bring them to the majors. Look at Strasburg. We are doing a lot better than we were doing 2000-2009. Lot of high draft choices. Lot of flops. I still think we trade Bundy and Chen now for prospects to contenders and then turn the prospects around and package them with Bundy and another of our tops for Cole Hamel. Then we bring up Gaussman and see what we have.
I really like him too, but the man is gonna get PAID next year.
I love Beltre.
That is a fine looking floppy hat. Sadly I have a 7 3/4 hat size, and giveaway hats fit me like Mr. Potato-head's hats do.
We have 9 outs to work with here. If Norris keeps it in the park we can still win this.
Throw it LOW Bud! Anything above the shoelaces may or may not be a strike.
I would like to say that Unlocator, a 42 dollar additional tax on top of the MLB.tv app works great for evading the blackout.
How bout those Buck Garden Gnomes though, huh?
The most efficient solution here is to whack the rapist. Make it look like a drug deal gone bad.
Our draft choices 2000-2009 are pretty impressively bad.
Shouldn't be a problem. Get a Drivers License with birthdate on Birth Certificate.
Fuck the redneck corpses and their asshole descendants. Celebrate your traitorous racist past as much as you want, but know that we think you are fucking assholes. Be ashamed of your war criminal ancestors and hide thier graves.
But serious.
My son was once given a bible after he said he didn't want it. He idly leafed thru it and then threw it in the trash as he walked out the door. Lost a few friends, gained a legend I am told.
Three unarmed passengers.
To which you gave evidence that completely fails to support your supposition.
I see that it is to you.
Got one, thanks. At no point do I lick the asscracks of long dead racists though, so if that is part of your definition of "life" I am fine without.
Not really, because for it to be ironic it would need to be different than what I expected.
We used to have one that turned on a rotisserie turner in the oven. Never had the spit parts though.
They tried to keep him alive but failed. Because they shot him.
It is also a federal data collection center, so it is possible that most of the East to mideast US military appears as an IP address from Eglin. Bunch of military Redditors.
He used to be paid 3 mil a year. Next year he gets cut the last day of camp.
Dairy.
I don't know about extraordinarily negative, but I certainly can feel a buzz after high MSG intake. I enjoy it mostly, but I feel it.
The software contributed to the issue. With no internal angle of attack indicator and no visibility, the pilots were confused when the stall warnings stopped. In an article in Vanity Fair, William Langewiesche noted that once the angle of attack was so extreme, the system rejected the data as invalid and temporarily stopped the stall warnings. However, "this led to a perverse reversal that lasted nearly to the impact: each time Bonin happened to lower the nose, rendering the angle of attack marginally less severe, the stall warning sounded again—a negative reinforcement that may have locked him into his pattern of pitching up" which increased the angle of attack and thus prevented the plane from getting out of its stall
The problem is that in the four minutes after the autopilot disengaged, they apparently never realized that they were stalled because they had no reliable gauge of airspeed. The stall alarm turned off when the nose was raised at an extreme angle because of the impossible instrument readings, and restarted when they lowered the nose. The engines were at 100 load throughout. It looks like the copilot fuxored them keeping the nose up, the captain probably never realized the control was still pulled back as his were not, as the controls are not linked. All they knew was that the altitude indicator was dropping, but since the airspeed indicators were wildly fluctuating and the stall alarm seemed random they probably died very confused. All in all, not a great example of shitty piloting, the software seems to have been crap.
Fly by wire foolishness. It is likely that they didn't realize that the controls would permit them to make inputs that would lead to a stall, as they usually wouldn't. But if the failsafes were in play they autopilot wouldn't have kicked out. I think that the non linked controls, a lack of a telltale that makes sure the pilots know what the mode (law) of the plane is at all times and most importantly a clear visual indicator of angle of attack were the takeaways that airbus had to fix after they finally dug up the black box. Fixing the airspeed pitons so that they didn't fill with ice was the initial problem, they had no reliable airspeed indicators , and this is what knocked them out of autopilot in the first place. The pitons were flagged and were going to be replaced in Paris, tragically. We still don't know what happened exactly. When the captain showed up from his nap, they were pitched 30% and at the service ceiling at 38000 feet. He put the nose down but this made the stall alert come back on so it is presumed the copilot kept jerking it back to make the stall alarm go away. It is kind of nightmarish to imagine waking up from a nap and sitting down in the pilot seat with a panicked copilot, an intermittent stall alarm, no visuals, airspeed randomly reading as -200, 0 and 200 knotts and as you buckle in the altitude starts to plummet. The real criticism is that they never did a read of all indicators and controls as a crew, presumably the captain would have figured out that the reason they were in a cant was the copilot's stick and he would have nosed down until their altitude was steady. The engines never quit so I have to imagine that a more experienced pilot would have been able to ignore the stall alarm and storm turbulence to get a feel of when the wings had lift.
Yep. http://www.snopes.com/donald-trump-hat-china/
It was a delightful surprise when he actually executed the move with some grace rather than some combination of slipping, falling backwards, hitting his head,breaking his spine, and/or getting hit with a ski-do.
I can say with little reservation, that this is where the show starts to get REALLY good.
So, you are making fun of something he didn't say because you feel that it is an entrenched idea that you see all the time. Even though you didn't actually see it in this case. Way to strike a blow against entrenched thought.
Someone who actually has raised a child who freaks out about this is a real pearl clutcher, or perhaps a victim of emotional neglect. Someone who has never raised a child, well if you plan to, I will just smirk and wait for you to have a toddler.
I remember days where I would have murdered a hobo to get 15 minutes alone to take a fucking shower.
Raising a child is the real adulthood, previous to that you are kind of a grown up middle schooler. Well, for most people it is, I have met plenty of folk (saints or total douchebags all) whom it didn't change much.
That would have saved a lot of ornaments, years ago. Ooooh Pretty....smash...Ooooh Pretty.
Yep, better put them in rape camps.
Not everyone reaches true adulthood.
Only a *Carpathian* would come back to life now and say "WHOM".
Yet Don Henley lives on... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm-o7_VVAoU
The thing about oil prices is that they are set by speculation. I would like to see who has bailed out of the oil futures market in the last year. I am not saying that the upward spiral of oil prices has been a plot by a bunch of grassfucking stockbrokers.... Okay. Actually I am. They are going to let it rest and then watch as the big futures players get back into oil just before it starts to go up again.
When I worked at CompUSA some guy returned a box full of rocks to the store. New policy, open the box and verify a computer before it goes out.
Bush had been arrested for DWIs and cocaine possession.
One of the other players in my AD&amp;D campaign DMed it for us, I was the usual DM. We all died. I retroactively edited the event from history.
The Falcon is the first superhero of African descent not to have the word "black" as part of his superhero name, preceding the John Stewart Green Lantern by over two years.
Like I really need to have infrastructure to jerk off.
Oh, look. Fantasy.
And on the very short spin-off, Fish.
Novell Netware 3.11, file and print. I was a CNE at one point of my life (guess I still am) and I remember when we started replacing the servers with Windows NT. It was shortly after this that I first heard the phrase "reboot shcedule".
This generally works.
When I was a real young'un my mom's cousin was a Lt. Colonel in the army. He came back from deployment in the Viet Nam and stayed the night at our house because we were located pretty close to what was one of the larger airports near where he lived. He was kind of a dick, but no big deal. Two weeks later my mom got very sick, and briefly lapsed into a coma. The doctors were stumped until someone ( who must have had some jungle experience ) thought to ask if she had been exposed to anyone who had come home from the Viet Nam in the last month or so. He diagnosed Parrot Fever, and a week or two of antibiotic drip later she was right as rain. The Col. (now a 3 star) had pulled rank and skipped quarantine when shipping out.
I remember when reddit was stoked about Green Lantern.
He is sticking his other Wii in your ex-gal right now.
We murder them to make shit out of their teeth.
Matthew Bright was an original member of the Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo, a theatrical band founded by the Elfman brothers (Danny Elfman and Richard Elfman) in late 1972. The band morphed into rock band Oingo Boingo in 1980, at which point most of the originals left. Now in 2012 Matthew has been living for the past several years in Chiapas Mexico.
That was so fucking annoying.
I love watching Jörg's vids.
I remember the trade with the Tigers when we got him as a young pup. Traded away Freddy Lynn in that dumpster fire season, 1988. Good trade.
Since spider venom is an injectable poison, eating it may not do anything to increase resistance to injected venom. Also, every poison is different. I would have Jeff react very negatively to the attempt to feed it poison. It knows what spider venom smells like. As this is likely a magical universe, I would let the players develop resistance, but also have the group slowly start to degenerate into half men - half spiders, with an aversion to bright light and a penchant for lolth worship. So resistance to poison comes with disadvantage on all attacks in bright light. Also they tend to drool a thick viscous substance without realizing it.
Blade master feat with rapier makes rouges happy. Sneak attack all the sneak attacks.
I like the realms. I do however not read the books and I ignore any continuity from that direction. Drizzt and Elminster do not and have never existed in my realms as well.
That is cute, but completely untrue. He seemed to think that the bible was a pile of crap. Here ya go... http://www.sacred-texts.com/aor/twain/letearth.htm Here is the ending. Would you expect this same conscienceless God, this moral bankrupt, to become a teacher of morals; of gentleness; of meekness; of righteousness; of purity? It looks impossible, extravagant; but listen to him. These are his own words: Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. The mouth that uttered these immense sarcasms, these giant hypocrisies, is the very same that ordered the wholesale massacre of the Midianitish men and babies and cattle; the wholesale destruction of house and city; the wholesale banishment of the virgins into a filthy and unspeakable slavery. This is the same person who brought upon the Midianites the fiendish cruelties which were repeated by the red Indians, detail by detail, in Minnesota eighteen centuries later. The Midianite episode filled him with joy. So did the Minnesota one, or he would have prevented it. The Beatitudes and the quoted chapters from Numbers and Deuteronomy ought always to be read from the pulpit together; then the congregation would get an all-round view of Our Father in Heaven. Yet not in a single instance have I ever known a clergyman to do this.
I think we are missing the more likely scenario, OP is a bundle of sticks that found the chalk and an eraser.
You are correct concerning the Crossbow Expert Feature, it is a bonus action. When you use the Attack action and attack with a onehanded weapon, you can use a bonus action to attack with a loaded hand crossbow you are holding.
Neutral, when applied with one of the axii, does tend to mean that the other axis takes precedence. It can more rarely mean that one has a mystical sense of balance between the extremes of the axii as well. So Neutral Good , means taking the actions that provides benefits for all, or other individuals ignoring personal concerns ( good ) , and while deciding what the course of action is will choose lawful or chaotic means depending what provides the most benefit to others. Neutral Evil, same deal, will choose the action that most benefits himself without regards to other individuals, and will chose the lawful or chaotic act only considering the benefit to himself. Chaotic means always choosing personal freedoms over any risk or benefit to oneself or others. A chaotic neutral person will choose defiance of law, tradition, or social convention without consideration of whether it will hurt or benefit himself or others. A Chaotic character would in fact actively seek to break the law, even when following it is an easier thing to do. If he only breaks the law when it benefits himself he is acting as a true neutral or chaotic evil person.
Do this thing.
Suh Weeet.
No.
I only rarely allow pixies from summon woodland, for just this reason. Though the witch was foolish for not blasting them all with an AOE spell when they were waiting to be able to act. If I was polymorphed into a bunny and put into a bag of holding I would find a way to kill myself with damage and then pocket the best things in the bag before cutting it from the inside. Assuming she can get home from the atral plane.
Borges is so good.
I am sure we did the same thing to Wall Street bankers.
I really like his discipline, we need more guys to watch some balls and make the other teams pitches burn pitchcount. We have so much goddamn power, as long as he is a tough out I don't care much.
I don't see an issue with permitting this. He will most likely be using it to multi-class as a caster later, but again, no big deal.
The player is essentially delaying choosing the feat til 2nd level, when he has spell casting. He will most likely not string 4 levels in a class together for some time so he wants to take it now. The alternative to alternate human is not standard human, it is Half-elf, with an immediate +2 Cha, and darkvision.
For gods sake man. Give us some warning, I would have had pea pod drop off some chuck.
Tee Hee.
Is there any format that I can retransmit this game in?
Donaldson to the Umpire: I am going to stand here and jaw a bit so I look better, but I know that was a pitch I had to swing at. Okay, I'm off to the dugout now.
Trumbo Salami.
Once again, requesting Schoop to re-pronounce his name Shoop.
1st Ed. Different classes leveled at different XP values.
Still hate Regie.
http://deadspin.com/5794540/luke-scott-is-still-a-gun-humping-birther-survivalist-lunatic-chickenshit-espn-story-wont-say
I went to a pre-season game in Miami at Joe Robbie stadium 1989, while returning from spring break. Tettleton hin a 3 Run homer. It seemed like destiny.
I think that the issue with airplanes is that they used to have less passengers per flight, and there was less chance to be put right next to an infant. But at some point, all children ( including you ) have always cried uncontrollably at times, and have always caused others discomfort.
Kids often have underdeveloped hearing canals. The pressure change can cause excruciating pain.
You are full of shit. My dad used to beat me bloody. But if someone else, not a teacher or a cop, said something like that they would be wearing their teeth.
Buy some fucking noise cancelling earphones, princess.
I turned out not making up fantasy stories about how people used to discipline other parents' children.
5e Wizards are the squishiest class with the smallest hit die, the most restrictive armor and a need to dedicate points in an otherwise almost useless ability, Int, which makes it harder to dedicate points in CON/DEX. That said, it is nothing like previous generation D&amp;D Wizards, the squishiness here is a matter of degree, not a whole new order of squishiness. With a little bit of planning you can be in the middle of things. Multi-Classing briefly into a fighting class and things such as the SCAG BladeSinger, can make you a valuable front line contributor if not an actual tank. I recommend blade singer, it is good fun, I personally did a two level dip into a dex based fighter because, frankly, action surge is the best thing in the whole game. Looking very hard for that Mithril Plate Armor as we speak.
Wizard and a coven of night hags. Maybe a nightmare to track them down.
I would allow the best slots of any of the individual caster levels or the multi class table calculation. Doesn't make sense to have worse slots than your actual achieved class level, the goal is to avoid doubling slots.
Bard10/sorc10 only get level 9 slots, not spells.
I would go to fighter 2 for action surge to have that nova in your pocket.
Not really useless, but only used for a few skills and Wizards. No other classes use it, and it has no real combat application except for when blade-singers use it. It is no longer used for extra languages... Wisdom is used by Rangers, clerics and druids, charisma is used by Paladins, Bards, warlocks and sorcerers. So to be a front line Blade singer you need intelligence, dexterity and constitution. It has a lot of role play uses...
As with all drow things, it withers away from the magic of mezzo-whatever and loses potency instantly in the sun.
Because I am awful, you can't wildshape into flying things until you are level 8 by RAW. I would give a dispensation to creatures that essentially have a single hp and a flight movement less than 25, like a moth. If you can get the tribe retconned as spirit wise halflings from the SCAG you can have a free telepathy, including when wild shaped. -and if you have the option, arcana circle clerics, also scag, let you take two wizard cantrips, which count as cleric spells. So green flame blade and shillelagh with wisdom bonuses for maximum out of wildshape combat utility. Though the defensive thunderous rebuke may be better come to think of it. You can do that in wild shape, huh. Two levels in tempest and you will be able to max call lightning... Ignore me. Awesome character bio though, ignore my min/maxing. It is a curse.
Druids do not wear metal armor. Metal armor=not a Druid. I would prohibit a Druid wearing metal armour from casting Druid spells. He could wildshape, but the armour wouldn't change.
No. http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/rules-answers-january-2016
It is a nod to the character class as defined as far back as the white box supplements. # From your link: If you want to depart from your class’s story, your DM has the final say on how far you can go and still be considered a member of the class. # So, if you discuss it with your DM, and they agree, Druids can wear metal armor. If you discuss it with your DM, and they agree, you can also cast 9th level wizard spells as a first level druid. # Or to be a bit less snarky, Oath of Devotion Paladins do not have to abide by any guidance in terms of behavior. An Oath of Devotion Paladin can rape random innocents, eat babies and murder their religious superiors for entertainment with no actual rule complications. If the DM agrees. # The flavor of the Druid class is that they do not wear metal armor. If you and your DM ( or players ) feel strongly that they should wear metal armor, then who am I to say you are having bad fun. But to treat this as anything other than an actual class restriction takes discussion between the player and the DM. And as the linked article says, a vegetarian can eat meat, they are just not a vegetarian. # The clear parallel here is that a Druid can wear metal armor, they are just not a Druid. # If I had a player who had a passion for playing a Druid who felt that metal armor was vital to their identity, I would permit it, but it would be studded leather re-skinned to be plate mail. Because the class is balanced to be wearing light armor, no matter what the proficiency.
It turns out, the mistake with Miller was not giving him 10 million a year. He made a huge difference when he went his first 10 games with inherited runners and left them standing there. We were still in the lead but we were starting to teeter. On the other hand, add 10 losses to the Yankees last year. Os need to stand pat. Maybe trade a first baseman for more minor league pitching. Definitely trade first basemen for third basemen.
Zelda is one of the few franchises that sell systems. I will buy the system that has a new Zelda. Period.
I felt like one of the most tone-deaf people in the world pointing it out. Because this is all about the role-play and I am all about the roll play. Ghostwise Halfling though....
This is a fascinating internet argument. # It seems odd that you are treating the verbiage in the players manual and sage advice as strongly agreeing that there is no class restriction against metal armor. When the text and the response seem to mean the opposite. # The classes have been so well balanced in this edition that there is little need of many of the other role play balances, Multi-class fighter to wizard and you can wear plate. No blunt weapons only for the clerics. But it makes you do the multi-class or to take penalties in your limited options to do them. # If they did not have the verbiage, Druids do not wear metal armor, I believe they would have added armor verbiage in the wild-shape ability itself, as they did in the unarmored defense, bladesinging and other class abilities that are armor restricted. Would this be more appealing to you? if wild shaping was limited to organic armor? # I suppose as an old 1st Ed guy I am holding on to this too tightly, but it is clear the intention is to limit the druid in human form slightly. The Druid had a very powerful ability at level 2, and slipping back into plate &amp; shield after a wild shape seems a bit much. With the wild shape druids have an ability that is utterly unrestrained by ability scores. Outside of wildshape they have spells as powerful in combat as a cleric. I see the metal armor as a valid limiter. # If you do not see this, why not wear the non-metal or metal skinned as equivalent non-metals?
If you can do undying light from unearthed arcana, you can add your CHA to your green flame blade. All the cheese. Is Tome for shilelagh?
Bard Warlock can use either kind of slots to cast either kind of spells, as long as the slot is of the correct level to cast the spell.
The feat is based on your character level, the invocation is based on your player level. If you are doing Warlock 3 that caps at 2nd level spells. Admittedly, all classes spells, where the feat is limited to a single class. Also, the cantrips count as warlock spells.
Not a problem, you don't live on the sub. Have fun.
It makes wizards ridiculously powerful.
You started with a spell book that had read magic, 1 offensive spell, one miscellaneous 1 defensive spell, all of which you ROLLED for. You could memorize one spell out of that 4 and when you cast it you were DONE. The spell book was too big to bring into the dungeon. I mean you rolled a d10 from these: Offensive Spells 1. Burning Honds 2. Charm Person 3. Enlarge 4. Friends 5. light 6. Magic Missile 7. Push 8. Shocking Grasp 9. Sleep 0. (choose) For the spells you could cast until you found a new spell in a scroll or spellbook. You had to roll to see if you could understand any new spells you found, based on your intelligence. You might have the push spell. So tee-hee for this free casting nonsense. Slots. Snicker.
Goodberry is ridiculous. The daily food thing means there should be no starving viliages anywhere.
Well, really he is roleplaying person ready to die for his morals, so... give him a little inspiration and move on. If he dies he dies.
Did they even have access on sipr? Now Nipr, holy fuck the shit I saw.
As per the comments by the designers, a Rogue can only take a single sneak attack on his turn, but is allowed to get sneak attacks within his round on other people's turn.
The Bard societal role included and you can easily specialize in Law-speakers, Orators, and historians. In general, they kept the society's law, history and art, but even if you decline to specialize in epic poetry, you can do the job.
We would like to apologize for any pain caused to national treasure Adrian Beltre.
Hes a speedster.
Ooof.
Sweating like two rats fucking in a wool sock.
Davis, These fuckers left you off the playoff roster!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGVQrk9_5ns
Well, that sucked.
We snatched defeat from the slavering jaws of victory.
Wouldn't be hard to slap any of the published adventures into the 2e-3.5e timelines. I am pretty much characterizing the last several decades as a confusing time that no one can recall much of.
If you are talking to people who generally have good impressions of fiends.
As the wish benefits others the paw feels bad and disappears. The paw is only interested in showing the innate childishness of people.
As actual polish people are referred to as Poles, the word Polack is essentially a bit culturally questionable to begin with. Not sure where the cultural meme of the Polish being stupid came from as they seem to be a clever lot.
Cunt is fucking beyond the pale in the US. The technically synonymous pussy is a mild joke in comparison. Also, unlike pussy the word cunt is only applied towards women. It it is like bitch, but the version of bitch you use when you are looking to make someone cry and fight everyone in the room.
Ubalto is the sunk cost fallacy, in that we should keep him because we have already invested so much in him. Gambler's fallacy is saying someone is "due" . Streaky or not, Crush's baseline includes the bad patch he is in. But I personally think he is gonna start smashing because he seems to be tracking well and making good contact.
There is also the sense of "some things are better left alone" but in DnD , where Reserection is a reasonable goal for a character, what is that? He asked to heal another person's spine. No moral lessons need to be taught here.
Strike 5.
Undesirable.
I am in physical pain.
Oliver Drake is totally a superhero secret identity.
No one has scored on a passed ball yet.
Wild Pitch.
Gotta be the Catchers fault for passed ball.
As my proctologist said, "Well that could have been worse."
So how is the Padres' bullpen this year?
Guys on base get charged to Buchter.
YOUR pitch Adam.
http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/rules-answers-april-2016 It does damage when someone moves into it, by choice or otherwise, or starts their turn in it.
So he mansplained what mansplaining was.
Yep.
I think the balancing has been really done well. You can have a party of fighters, especially with Eldritch Knights around. You don't NEED to multiclass, or pick a role.
I really like it. It is a simplified version , but smart simplified. There are depths underneath. It is pretty well balanced across classes. Combat feels like DnD, but it rolls pretty quick.
Have to raise monster hit points, mostly.
In general the biggest changes are... Less Regular Magic loot. Your world may vary, but there is much less magic lying around. Monster stats. Monsters will have higher HP. Armor class is a simple convert. Damage seems a bit higher. In general you will need to change the DC for skills and such on the fly, but you should get a feel for that quickly. You will need to watch battles against large numbers of mooks. Because of bounded accuracy a large number of weak opponents can take out much more powerful opponents.
Yes, sorreh.
Just like in the video games , pop in to every store and see if they have any potions of healing.
I feel that it implies that the bag is a bit fragile, tougher than a regular bag, but not especially resistant.
Ranged, Fine. Divine Smite , Really overpowered.
If you are counting on turning a Lich you are better off with the cookie.
I think the "say what you like" could be exchanged with "despite Jake Arrieta" . The Os are headed into the 5th year of contending in the AL east.
The power hitters get you to the postseason. The lights out pitchers win games in the postseason.
Hmmn Old experienced hitter. I'm gonna groove a 4 seam right down main street.
Pitchers never want to come out. They are frustrated until 20 minutes after the game.
So, wrist is better than neck, face or collarbone, but pitching arm. Jim Palmer is somewhere scolding him for not using his glove. Hit that ball at Jim and it is a short out. Annoying but true.
First of many. Wait, this could also mean the first time Machado plays outfield. And many returns to the occasion.
Dude, the 1st rule os seat squatting is to scram whenever someone wants their seat.
Was gonna say. That is a Gaussian function.
Duhstistics? I recognize physics functions only. But I will say he was a 9000 and the Mean was 200. The standard deviation is either drinking too much or a little soft bondage, so I will say his Z score was .85 Cy Youngs.
Its in the past.
Most of Lee's greatness was the use of JEB Stuart as armed recon. He always knew where the Northern armies were until Grant stripped him of that at Gettysburg. Grant denied Lee his advantage in intelligence and communication and made him keep his forces together. It is hard to tell how much is temperament and how much is craft, but he made Lee fight the North's war. Really textbook, masterful strategy really.
I heard more people saying that they were trying to punish Baltimore for not taking the stance they preferred with Freddie Gray. People afraid of going to a game at Camden Yards are indeed the biggest pussies in the world. I have lived in rough Baltimore neighborhoods, and used to have a moderate drug and serious drinking issues. I was mugged once at gunpoint in the mid 80s. I handed over my wallet and said have a nice day. During the hours we have games you could run naked down the street for 5 blocks in any direction from the stadium and not have issues. I do think that I need to start going to more games however.
There was a time when the Jays were shaping up to be the new Yankees, in the sense that they were the team that everyone hated. This was 1991-1995 mind you. Then Buck started the Yankees back on a winning path and and the Yankees became the new Yankees. But let us be clear, the Orioles before and after 2012 were like night and day. They were bad, and worse than that, they were snakebitten. Every change they made was going to go bad. Top to bottom. Angelos was poisonous. We fired TWO American League Managers of the Year, the year after they won the award. We fired the best television announcer in the game for not being rah rah. Our draft picks were guaranteed to fail. We were a roaring dumpster fire of a franchise that used to be a shining example of how to run a team. I will take the humble-brag compliments, and I hope our staff can stand up another half season, because being an orioles fan is fucking fun again, like it was when I was a kid.
Joey Bats has a legitimate gripe. We decided he wasn't good enough to be an Oriole in 2004. A 2004 Oriole. I would want to rub it in too.
I am still pretty bitter about some things that happened in 2004.
http://www.greenharbor.com/fffolder/ffallers.html It all depends on what you land on.... There have been a goodly number of terminal velocity falls that were survived without a parachute. Generally they involve bomber crew choosing to die from a fall rather than to burn to death on the way down. Through dumb luck ( pine branch forrest, landing on the side of a a slope with deep snowfall, usually ) they survive the 120 MPH landing. 130 feet will have you moving at 50 MPH. If you land on stone or cement you are toast. But people have landed on compressible dirt from this height ( the best thing to land on by the way, water is good, but the odds you get knocked out by the shock and drown are high.) and NOT EVEN BEEN INJURED. http://injuryprevention.bmj.com/content/6/1/62.3.long Car hoods, roofs, and soft sweet dirt slow your deceleration significantly. People have been killed by the rebound onto a cement road. So this is not at all impossible, especially if the pit was dirt at the bottom.
When you are on a ship riding through a pack of harpies.
As far as I can tell, I would never be anything but a Halfling in this world. I Present to you... Reepacheep - Lightfoot Halfling - Knight of the wooded ways. Background is what ever can get you sneaky hidey stuff. 13 7 7 14 9 18 - Not very smart. Or wise. Oh Well. Breastplate - 17 AC. Always be peeking around for Mirthil Platemail in Halfling size. Cloaks or floppy goofy hats with big feathers that give AC bonuses - Also key. If you can get some oversized boots of striding and leaping.. A+ Champion Fighter 3 - Twin Weapon ArchFey Warlock 3 - Agonizing Blast - Repelling Blast or Demon Eyes if you want to do the darkness thing. - Pact of the Tome ( Shilelagh, Something else ) Oath of the Ancients Paladin 6 - Defense Shilelagh Right Hand ( Club in the shape of a wooden Sword ) Dagger Left Hand. Fight like a mofo for that sun sword. - At Range peg using Arcane Blast - push, push push - 3x 1d10+4. All day every day. - Always cast Shilelagh on your cute toy club sword for 1d8 + 4. - Your goal here is to be using your 4 attacks a round attempting to snag a crit, and then you pop a smite in their ass. Take everything else in Paladin from here on out. Spells Warlock - Invisibility , Faerie Fire , Hold Person. Darkness Spells Paladin moonbeam, misty step, bless, cure wounds , find steed , Lesser Restoration When you hit 9th level Paladin, find some reason to turn oath of vengeance, haste will make you a whirlwind of destruction.
Insignia of claws
Reminds me, I loaned my issues of the dragon, 1-40, to W. Trout. Wally, I want them back now.
I like the 5th Ed in the middle of everything. My copy of the Monster Manual did the same thing as the one on the shelf, the binding and glue made that part of the cover come off.
What, like Trumbo and Rickard?
I am laughing at the thought of getting 200 people safely out of an airplane in 2 minutes. 5 seriously wounded in the panic in the plane, then 200 people getting in the way and under the wheels of emergency vehicles.
Newsflash!!!! Known internet aerospace safety experts disagreed with the decisions made by trained professionals that resulted in 0 injuries and deaths. Updates at 11!
Tampa Bay is bouncing back like a champ. Yes Devil Rays! You have pride and self respect. Feel the fire in your bellies! You are a better team than you have been playin. Go on a winning streak! Win tonight. Also, go into a tailspin around July 15. But only for 3 games.
My MLB TV is not working. Because I spend 150 bucks to watch any of the games I have minimal interest in. Why should it work?
No feeds available? Are they screwing with me for the fun of it? Is MLB.com a scam website that says you are blackout restricted for the only team you care about and then has technical issues when you actually try to watch another game? I feel better about the money I pay for county income taxes right now.
Install Adobe Flash? But my psychiatrist tells me I shouldn't go to that site again because I keep subscribing to adobe cloud. I cant resist pictures of cans of colorful paint.
All the records belong to us.
If there are laws against torture, it is chaotic. In any case, it is evil.
Well D&amp;D isn't terribly simulationist, but blunt weapons were much more effective against full plate in battle, swords were quite ineffective, unless wielded in a grappling maneuver to pieirce the joints. So no real non-lethal outcome with a war hammer or mace, they smashed you till you hemorrhaged.
What you say !!
That ball wouldn't have been out of a lot of parks.
Damn you Upton, with your evil ways.
What are you jogging up the line for Jiminez?
Ugg. Throat.
I prefer Kate.
God Dammit, you stay by that damn computer. If you need food, let us know.
Likin' these dirty uniforms.
Trumbo: This might be a trick....
Very odd. As long as trumbo runs straight he can't be interfering with the play.
Dunno, but that San Diego clay is def' sticking to the uniforms.
I have been. The largest stalactite pipe organ on the mideast coast.
I am not picky. He can shoot it out of his mouth with incredible speeds if he prefers.
Pooping is very healthful.
I have shunned MLB-TV for the evening. I am convinced that it is a russian spam site that makes all Orioles games as in blackout area and all other games requiring an older version of flash.
Hello to our greatest frenemy.... I hope you are doing very well, though not as well as us.
Five.
na na nanana nanana Kim Hyun Soo!
Ubalto is now throwing shade at Reimhold and how hard making contact can be.
(Apologies for my cultural insensitivity if any of those nas are actually words.)
you have been banned from r/pyongyang
Actual, not intentional walks.
It is like when the ball rolls into the storm drain.
Do in the park home runs count?
As per usual, I would like to protest the lack of 3xl hats for giveaways. On behalf of all the bucketheads of the world, we are being discriminated against,
The DH is a travesty. It was a mistake, and now we can't get rid of it because DHs get paid more than pinch runners.
That is me exactly. Earlier I was going to say that Johnson was walking back to the dugout like Charlie Brown.
My head size was quite common in the HGH era.
Sometimes he opens up so much it looks like he is falling to the plate.
End this.
Lawful Evil.
Yes neutrals occasionally commit an evil act. So do good people. Depends on the regularity.
I personally think we should just play with the 1966 uniforms every game. Happy bird hat on black, Baltimore on away jerseys. Make them out of modern materials and all. But the team likes the black and orange jerseys now and again, and a lot of us grew up with happy bird on white or ornithologically correct, so whatever.
Or more if they are 9 or lower CON.
This does seem like more of a clever hack rather than a game breaking cheat. Giving some combat casts of silence to the non casting classes seems the biggest advantage.
Because Bundy is a valuable long inning relief. He is good for 2-3 GOOD innings.Also, most likely, we are watching the innings count on him like a precious resource. With this pitching staff you don't want Bundy to run out of gas before the playoffs.
I did mentally consider the possibility.
Options keeping Chaz in the minors...
17 Games above .500 cruising into the All Star break. I did not picture the season going this way in March.
If we are fighting for every game, yes. Otherwise we save him for starts by committee in the post-season.
I am not sure if it is a Drizzt reaction or just a special snowflake thing.
Yes probably 52 at the very least. My great uncles were in WWII and the youngest of them was born in 1919. He was college educated, a rarity in the town, and had the job pulling draft cards when he pulled his own. They drafted from age 18-40 in WWII.
3rd and 5th Level are well known spell power plateaus. When you hit 9th level caster you have some game breaking abilities and the DM needs to adjust for the new level.
Bracers of Protection, Magical Rings, some necklaces or helms...
He negotiated a deal where student homework loads would not be reduced but be made more predictable over time. It was considdered to be the best plan they could get at the time.
Obama used to live in Hawaii, and presented as much darker skinned. I am forced to say that the man needs to get out in the sun more, the job is aging him greatly.
Right, we have only seen two or three extended periods where he has both gone deep into counts and also had a hot power streak. I would say early last season, which seemed more like a pitch zone selection thing that pitchers started working around, and mid way thru 2012, which ended towards the end of the season as he started to lunge again. This whole walking AND home run thing is a new Adam as far as I can tell. My personal theory, and it is pulled out of my ass, is that Buck put him at #1 in the lineup and then did a manager jitsu that went like this... We don't have a number one hitter. This team needs YOU to lead this team. Nick was able to lead this team when we needed him to, if we want to get to the world series we NEED you to lead us there. Because Adam Jones wants to win. He was already the leader of this team in every way that counted, but at some level his personal at bats reflected a bit of the kid going for glory. The only selfish thing about Adam Jones as a player has been his desire for the big mash. At some deep level AJ is a little kid that wants that glorious feeling of mashing a low fastball on the sweet spot of the bat, and it is indeed a glorious feeling, one of the most magical in sports, when you make that contact where the bat and the ball and your arms turn into a crazy yo-yo that launches the ball farther than seems possible. He wants it more than a big contract. He wants it more than the hall of fame. But I think putting him in the one spot has finally clicked that magic switch, the little kid wants to meet his responsibility as team leader more than he wants to be a hero, to mash that ball. And as we all knew, as AJ had to know at every level except the most important one deep in his brain muscle memory, by going deep into the count he still will get that chance to mash the ball, even if he lays off what could be a low fastball, but really is a slider headed for the plate. So Buck dumped an unfair load on his shoulders and he found his shoulders stronger than he thought. Or, he is doing a zone hitting thing that pitchers figure out mid July and fucks him over till late August. Either way I love that kid, I am just hoping for the one that puts him in Cooperstown, because the statue at Camden yards either has him blowing a bubble or I am putting it on myself.
My buck Gnome is my prized possession, and the stern taskmaster that I can never please.
It would be interesting to see a study on whether restricting gun ownership would lower gun violence or what kind of restrictions might cause what kind of reductions. Unfortunately congress forbade the CDC to study gun-violence, starting in 1999, via a budget rider written by the NRA. Yes, Congress lets the NRA write budget ammendments. This is just another kind of outsourcing I suppose.
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. I am curious why the NRA doesn't spend much effort challenging the import and sale of AK-47s. Oh wait, they don't PROFIT from that.
If called I will serve. I am untanned, unrested, but ready.
