I am blind, disregard
I always thought it was ppl making shit up on the internet trying to low-key say their dick was real big
Pretty unfair on Kapil Dev, Srinath and Zaheer
What a snorter. Sree was awesome in SA
Curry or Kyrie
Don't forget salt and food products too But TATA is just one company that does a lot of things but there are lots of companies that do that in India (reliance etc)- not really a monopoly. Things are getting pretty similar here in the US with the proliferation of influential companies like Google. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw Google insurance and health services in our lifetime.
I don't live in a bubble, I live in Detroit lmao
Cavs are in the east though. With Lebron they are guaranteed to make the ECF if not the finals every year Even without Lebron, a kyrie and love led team would be a high seed in the east most probably. OKC lost KD, still had Westbrook putting up insane numbers, and didn't even make the playoffs
"ENHANCE"
Almost every morning ask for the weather for the day while still in bed. Setting alarms, timers, and reminders. Most useful to use while connected hands free over Bluetooth in my car- use it to listen to texts, place calls, and even set navigation. Have always wished that Siri would be used with Spotify, but looking forward to apple music to finally make use of this
Or Tendulkar getting Man of the Tournament in the 2003 WC after India lost in the final
He's good
I don't think he's leaving Chicago at all but I would love him in Pistons blue. He's the next Paul George type player in our league
Add Bradman to that list and Lillee to bolster the bowling lineup
Great prices! Hope you had fun
This reminds me of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. All the champions of the past recalled one more to fight to death one more time, some clearly stronger than others yet each are champions in their own right. In a sense it is a bit unfair to pit them against each other. These are the teams clearly best against their contemporaries during their time and should be respected as such.... But it's still fun to think about
People always underestimate Detroit in general.
still in mi-ah-mi - drake
Probably the clippers. But why go west when he has almost guaranteed final entry in the east
This dude's name is Ebola?
Honestly one of my favorite lines from the album lol
It's really not that difficult
I have been "that guy" before that has batted at 11, didn't bowl, and wandered about in the outfield for 50 overs. Dropped a catch that game too I believe.
Have they already signed DeAndre? If not then there is your solution. If they have a S&amp;T could work too. But this is all hypothetical. Lebron going to LA is a 1/1000 possibility.
I'm all for celebrating a win and what not but sportsmanship is the cornerstone of well, sports. It's alright to be happy about your own achievements but no reason to bash the other team (IMO)
A souped up 12" MB with Touch ID, a better FaceTime camera, a touchscreen. I'd buy that first day.
How can you kill that which has no life?
Please don't buy a 15" for college. You will learn to value a smaller footprint (tiny desks in lecture halls) and optimized battery life over the 2" screen space and any performance gains.
That last episode though...
Yes!!!
Detroit stand up!
ONE APP
Bad Boys of the 80s were MJs Kryptonite and won 2 championships. Resurgence again in the 00s: won the championship in 04 playing hard nose defense and grit beating the fancied Lakers in 5 games in the finals. Remained contenders for much of the 00s before the core was traded away for AI and other bad front office moves. Slipped into mediocrity and worse in recent years, but there is hope with last years hiring of Stan Van Gundy as coach and president of basketball operations.
Isn't it the nature of technology to advance? 4 years is a long time in the tech world- I'm glad that the new computer has improved compared to the previous model. That's all well and good, but it is expected. Macs back when they were first introduced were 2.5k+. Even iPods today are infinitely more capable machines- should they be priced higher?
6 no question. 5S will be even older come September. 6 is much better looking too IMO. Cloud solutions exist to get over the 16gb limit. Google photos has been a boon
Damn it's so much fun to have Lebron on your team
I understand that there is always going to be more money around the corner, but if someone offered 100 MILLION why not just take it and run? Is there really that much of a difference between 100 and maybe 150 million?! Or maybe I'm just poor and don't understand these big boy numbers haha
That's why they were dropped from the squad
Could you imagine 97/98 Sachin in the 2015 WC?? *shudders* would've had multiple double hundreds
I'm on a 6+ and had to scroll way too long to read that
In the west too!
Motor City ones tho
He did say he would end his career in Cleveland but never said he wouldn't go somewhere else in the middle....
:/
The Utah Jazz of Pokemon
Man BJ was having such a good season before the injury. I feel terrible about what happened and I'm pretty pissed that we have most likely moved on with Reggie Jackson as his replacement
BJ showed great maturity last year. At the beginning of the season he said he would come off the bench for DJ Augustin if that's what management wanted him to do.
The celtics send their regards
Maple Jordan
Come to Detroit Danny!!
Tobias
Fuck the cavs!! (Go Pistons!)
SA v NZ 2015 cwc semi India v WI 2011 group stage
All star and one of the best defensive bigs in the game, a crucial price to a contending team ...to a player that just exists. How quickly things change
Dude Dipo is a baller... I would try my best to keep him
Triggered
Forget pan shop. Saw annoying "crowding" phenomenon where people behind you will just stick out cash/documents to the person working at airport immigration (behind some shocked firangi no less), temples, resteraunts... Everywhere
Josh Smith also happened
Kobe would too
he got fined and has been warned. that should be that. banning would be very OTT.
yo how the heck is this deemed appropriate lmao
why would you bring this back up...i literally just got over it
planetcricket was one of the big cricket websites back then and they had to lock the thread
warriors color scheme is too perfect
the triangle
The thing with Apple is that we know it will be priced a bit too high. I'm guessing in the 100$+ range
Congrats man
God I love Rahul Dravid so so so much
Hogg has the "SAVE ME SOS" face going on
I'm not sure they do. The retired guys just haven't bothered to play TBH. Most are content with retirement plus IPL for a few years. Sehwag not even bothering with IPL. After retirement most have pursued other interests with coaching and being involved in cricket leadership in some capacity. That, and it's a race to get as unfit as possible as quickly as possible in the case of most Indian retired legends :P (except Dravid)
Forget those guys. In fact I would want the current players to get as much rest as possible. Who I would like to see play in overseas leagues are fringe players like Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik, Pathan bros etc. I get that Ranji trophy is a huge deal and its big to win for your state side, but maybe performing on a bigger stage in the BBL would help them get noticed too
I'm alright with Aamir being back but don't want to see Butt anywhere close to the cricket pitch again
Threw him under the bus? butt literally ruined his career. Akram level talent gone to waste
i half expected him to get super angry and death stare whoever did it
I'm just saying that I know if I lived in Sydney and Dhoni was playing I'd be much more willing to go to a game. I'm sure there's plenty of Indian fans just like that in Australia
Lawyers
Lmaooo everyone here has a chip the size of Michigan on their shoulder I love it
Be a Pistons fan!!
TRUST IT!
What's the general opinion of trump in Dallas/Texas? Just curious Hilarious video btw
people have been saying 'caaatch iiiiiit' for as long as i remember i think its almost a natural reflex at this point. i even yell it at my tv thousands of miles away lol
totally opposite to my view. T20 is best served in franchise format. watching countries go at it in T20 just doesnt have the same flavor for me. Maybe its because I like seeing up and coming players alongside international stars, or established cricketers from the same country go head to head against each other and always like the concept of playing for something (tournament) vs a boring bilateral series. t20 series are the worst
I don't know man, this sub has gone crazy with down votes lately. Even if one offers a different perspective on the matter they are down voted to hell. Doesn't make for very stimulating conversation when only things people agree upon are visible
As his fantasy owner this is incredibly frustrating
Well plagiarism is at least a 20% dock from the grade, if not a 0 or expulsion
I thought Blazers were going to be in the Ben Simmons tank race at the start of the season. looks like Dame (and CJ) had other plans
I like the effect, adds to the nonchalance of the situation
Rondo is def the worst pick IMO
How are you going to build a team around a PG who struggles to shoot in this day and age
I LOVE oladipo. Would def be extra hype if he came to the D
Man if yall get *that* draft pick that hits AKA instant impact superstar...$$$ what was cleveland worth before lebron? what about a a few years into his first contract? probably huge change.
Fans in Michigan are kind of weird in the sense that we really seem to hop on the bandwagon of a lot of players that fucked us up in the mid 00s. Wade, Lebron etc a lot more popular for the casual fan than any piston. I don't really blame them but actively rooting for the opposition side when playing the Pistons is just messed up!
I was at the GSW game and the amount of people in curry jerseys, GSW hats etc was unreal. Did they really spend ~200$ on an outfit to wear once because these didn't seem like your typical "fans of the NBA". On behind me even said "yeah steph!!!" when thomspon scored on more than one occasion..,,
Don't get me wrong I definitely agree with you. I just think that it may reach a stage where people are so good at 3s that the inside game will totally go away. I think it'll be like one of those debates like raising the goal up to 12ft, talked about probably never executed
Find out next time on dragon ball z
Truuuu
He bout to be traded back to Indy dw
Not really this sub but general media always says Doc is like #2 after pop...
We will never sign a big name FA. Challenges of being in a small market
After that bfast he eats a huge lunch like 3 hrs after
He should go back to GSW as a big FUCK YOU to the cavs
He can do both... Finish out the year as an assistant at GSW, win a ring, and come back to the timbs for more next year
I wonder if we had Raina some of the other matches would've gone our way
The "Aussie way" of catching skyers above your chest is something I will never understand. Indians have adopted it too which really bugs me
Isn't the ball much more likely to put out though? Think about it... Your palm is flat and it can easily just roll down if you don't get it 100% right. Whereas a cupped hand is a whole lot tougher to drop
Damn I love SVG, so happy he is part of the Pistons. I think shit like this is the reason he demanded being GM and coach here in detroit
It goes through peaks and valleys. When doing well, the front page will be FULL of D Rose highlights (even if he had like 10-12 pts, 3a)comments will be cheery and optimistic etc. the second he has a bad game or has an injury scare, people will come out of nowhere and belittle his past accomplishments, laugh at his contract, call for him to be traded etc etc There's no middle ground with D rose
As a med student I study there every day ..it's an excellent facility but we do get slightly annoyed when it fills up with undergrads hehe
How's tdot any better than chicago or NY? I feel like there's little difference among these large, international cities when it comes to food
All little kids wear exclusively ua
Build this man a statue. Esp if this turns into Ben Simmons
I think Steph, at this point in his career, is simply unguardable.
Prime boozer was pretty damn good though
Tropical country plus a billion people... The healthcare system is actually pretty good TBH it's just hard to manage so many people
KILLING my fantasy team
Also helps to have a dad that played in the NBA that passed down not only insane genes but also incredible financial security, insight into the game, and growing up around ballers constantly Not hating on curry, he's my favorite player now, but he is nothing average at all. A guy like Lebron may have hit the genetic lottery but his come up was probably 100x more difficult than curry's
Podium makes such a huge difference. Behind a podium I'm so confident. I begin to sweat a little when it's not there
Good times
me the last few days on r/nba http://replygif.net/1388
they (like lebron at this point in his life) have pretty much gotten everything go their way for as long as they can remember.
this is India bro, we dont make Rabada's over here. have to be excited by what we got
also http://stats.nba.com/vs/#!/?PlayerID=202704&amp;VsPlayerID=2548
IS THAT A WORLD TOUR OR YOUR GIRL's TOUR????
Got a feeling even if he guesses hers, she will pretend it's the dad
Umpire disbelief is the best part
Brett was a fucking beast during the 2003 WC.
Virat is new age India. Confidence bordering on arrogance and the stuff to back it up. Willing it to take it to opposition just like they have been dishing it to us It is the next step evolution after Ganguly
Tier 1 actress at that unlike Bhajji and Yuvi (except for those deepika rumors)
It's in auburn hills, about 35 min away.
Chennai match probably the biggest heartbreak I've had in my life Actually scratch that final of the 2003 WC still gives me nightmares
I'm down with this. Someone mentioned no ball tracking so I was wondering how that would work.
Wickets are far too valuable in cricket to get double plays IMO
He was out of the team for a while
Can't imagine a better coach and mentor for our young cricketers. What an amazing opportunity
He's done it more times and for more minutes than anyone else in the history of the game! Unbelievable
He's known for his batting anyway
I'm weary about shami after all these injuries. Hope he recovers but it will be tough for an athlete to come back to full form after being out for so long
Lol not a good idea Ask the Kolkata Knight Riders
We whooped South Africa at home
India gets a lot of shit for doing well only at home. Well, this is true. We have struggled abroad. But recently in test cricket, more so than ever, all teams have been Tigers at home and sheep abroad. The biggest exception to this has been the recent England win in SA. I'd like to see other teams do well touring before India in particular gets targeted
Not even when she tells you we better as friends
WOULD HAVE BEEN 6 IF NOT FOR US EH?
It helps, but not needed. swing, seam, guile, can make a top bowler without pace. Prime Zaheer is my favorite example as an Indian fan- could move it both ways and picked up wickets with the old and new ball. The other obvious answers are McGrath, Pollock later in his career, Jimmy, hell even Steyn off late hasn't been the fastest bowler in the world.
On mobile??
He got more chances but in tougher conditions... To his credit. 4 is built for long innings
They do they do
Mate
Thank god, leaves a spot open for Drummond He needs as much exposure to these top athletes as possible (all while staying in Detroit of course)
Comeback from a horrific injury would be a neat storyline tbh
Josh Smith and Dwight Howard were AAU teammates
Can we get Dragan on the jersey instead? Or his full name? I soooo want this guy to be a star just because of his name!
Better than Ishant Sharma
Paisa vasool
Yes yes come to the dark side, we have samosas and chai
Cricket team doesn't do it. Would be super weird if they did lol
We don't even kiss our wives or children
I think Kyrie for CP3 trade becomes a reality.
Pistons, Bucks, Orlando
stop I can only get so erect
In Atlanta?
We made it fam Real talk though Drummond has an excellent agent I think
It's all about Drizzy
I guess, seeing as it has happened on more than one occasion now
I guess, seeing as it has happened on more than one occasion now
She was born in the year 2000.... Let that sink in for a minute
This is a blatant infringement of free speech
I've lived here for almost all my life. For every person who loves their job there are 100 who absolutely hate it. And even if you love your job, we are still looking for that paycheck on the 1st and the 15th. Majority of the country lived paycheck to paycheck and is up to eyeballs in debt because of student loans, car payments, credit card bills, mortgages etc....
Rebs too
I don't think I've ever had peaches and cream. Worth it?
This might be the most inspirational thing I've ever read
Sachin was incredible this game Loved that golden period he had in the late 00s/early 10s
Dhoni is all about WCs. It's all in 4 year cycles for him, he sees every ODI as prep for a World Cup. He wouldn't be playing ODIs now if he didn't see himself in 2019
Sounds like the early 2000s all over again
If he's smart about it won't have to work. I can see Bynum blowing 70M
Is that really such a bad thing? He's gone to the finals. He has battled hard against top teams. It's a team sport at the end of the day. 2-5, 2-6 shouldn't really matter when most players can't dream of even making the finals once
Found the bookie
One is a murderer
Slim to none. There is a leadership void in the Indian team. After Kohli, Rahane I think has been named VC. Don't see him as a long term captaincy option
"that was just a simple push!"
Jesus
Seem to be the minority here but I think this is one of the many archaic, stuck up rules of the MCC. Flashbacks to the Natwest final- it was that much sweeter when Ganguly and Co paraded the Indian flag around the ground after the Indian victory.
Yeah he looks totally different Ntini was a super king in early seasons, right?
Crazy how much India/SC has changed over just my life time. Warne used to import baked beans from Australia for long tours. Delhi belly was a common occurrence. Stadium stands used to be concrete slabs exposed to all the elements, built solely to pack as many people as possible Now top athletes flock to India to play every year, get paid millions, stay in the swankiest hotels and have access to pretty much all of the comforts of home (and more?)
My parents used to tell me that Allah cared more about cricket than Krishna back in the 90s, that's why we always lost lol
Classic sreesanth front and center when he did jackshit all tournament long
Lol fuck I was just about to buy my tickets
Indian checking in-- tf??
Born in Chennai but most of my life have lived abroad. Love America but love India more than a normal kid that has grown up outside of the country. On some level feel an identity crisis- am I American? Or am I Indian? I don't feel like I fit in 100% in either place Parents are moving back soon. Biggest fear is that I lose all connection to the country of my birth.
We're fucking vegetarian haha
What happens if Aus/Eng for example get separated into two groups? No ashes?
Bosh?
Lebron was too good
No but it's awesome to know that 2 of my favorite players/role models exploded onto the scene on my birthday
Am I the only one who likes Shastri's commentary?
I do! He has his cliches and is sometimes a BCCI puppet, but he's articulate and well spoken.Other SC commentators have trouble speaking english even say times, or have slightly annoying accents
We love Dan in the D.
This is weird on so many levels
Trade kyrie
Turn the 9 upside down its a 6 now
Detroit You know you love those low key markets Jeremy
And for a fruitful harvest
You have no idea
It did happen, I believe fines were even handed out I don't think Dilshan was the bowler but I think he was the one who instructed the bowler to do it
Tendulkar opening in Tests is just not cricket And lmao at picking Southee and Bolt over every great pacer to play the game
Turn up
Probably gonna sell em to some poor guy on Craigslist
Murali GOAT number 11 confirmed
Need to develop those seamers now. Shami, Ishant, Umesh, Bhuvi, Hardik will be crucial. I am confident that our batting (Vijay, Rahul, Pujara, Kohli, and ajinkya) will be up to the mark. Will be interesting to see if we can pull off playing only 5 batsman overseas.
He can play that allrounder role like Jayant did at home
I think he's a player worth developing into that type of player. Give me 8-12 overs of seam and application at number 9, can't really ask for more. The alternative is a specialist bat or bowl, which could be good too! But helps to have options always :)
D'aaaamn
Fuck. Just landed in Chicago after leaving Chennai and I miss it already.
Same here Stuey
Watching India in India is amazing. There is something special about it for sure. Saw an ODI (India v WI 2011 World Cup) and a test (this past Chennai test). Day 5 of the Chennai test was AMAZING to be a part of. Australia - the SCG is amazing but the game I went to ended up being shit (SA vs SL in the 2015 World Cup). Expensive and bad food. But awesome with regards to history etc. love the statues around the stadium. NZ - the fans are a lot of fun. The sledging is good hearted, passionate, yet almost cute in a way lol. Went to two pretty record breaking games - Guptill's double century match in Wellington and NZ vs SA semi final in Auckland. That six from Elliot in that game might be the best sporting moment that I have been a part of WI - my first real cricket experience. India vs SL 2007 WC. I still remember walking into the stadium and seeing it open up in front of me, it took my breath away. Heartbreaking match but one of mg all time favorite experiences to see my heroes in the flesh. Looking ahead I'm pumped for the 2019 WC in England as I'll have a chance to tick that off. If the timings work out I'll try and go to Wimbledon too. Also interested to going to a few T20s, specifically IPL
Has jharkand made the ranji finals before? Hope they can hold on
Cardoons Fuck Negi
Mew-yar-li
You can pirate here but ISPs send annoying/threatening messages to you sometimes (whether they do anything or not is besides the point). US consumers have accepted the idea of smaller monthly costs for content, Netflix is the king of this (other popular things are Apple Music/Spotify). Less hassle than torrenting, legal and ethical, support good content etc all for the price of lunch. Why not pay?
Indias greatest allrounder?
Sreesanth about to come back as skipper
Clearly no one thought my joke was funny
Shit you get paid more in middle management in random companies let alone medicine or law. Athletes earn money for like 5 years, 10-12 if lucky. How are they supposed to support themselves and their families till 70-80 based on that?
Bro 300k is not a lot of money if you wanna make that shit last your whole life These people are international superstar athletes. They should be paid accordingly
Fleming was the first pick off the top of my head, but he has an average of 40.06. I remember vaguely cheering for him to get a certain amount of runs in his last inning to stay in the 40+ club and looks like he barely held on
I wanna see Dhoni rock that blue one Props to this Spartan company which has seemingly come from nowhere and has signed the biggest names in the game - starting with MSD to Gayle KP etc. I think they even signed sachin but after his retirement
Golden State Clintons :(
"maaaaate"
Do you really wanna go to a T20 to see people leave the ball tho?
Tbh no it's not of you wanna maintain a good lifestyle. Sure if you are gonna live like a lower middle class to middle class person in a developing country like SA (not sure of the COL) or India, maybe you might be able to stretch it. But if you wanna have certain luxuries that I think athletes should be entitled to, no way can that last. I'm an American. Here athletes get ridiculously fat contracts. Guys getting 80million over 5 years are still regarded as underpaid. Steph Curry is on a 4 year 44 million dollar deal and is considered an absolute steal. Cricket is a different game, but attracts far more raw number of viewers, has shit ton of sponsors, and TV deals go for crazy amounts of money. These guys should be paid more than a partly 130k or whatever. Apart from the boy hood dreams of representing the country and playing a game you love, what is the motivation for these guys to sacrifice their bodies and careers (and struggle in supporting families) if they only get paid this much at the absolute highest level of the game? Why not just become an accountant, or an engineer which has much better odds and better salaries from the looks of it? Regarding jobs after playing. How many actually go on to become commentators? Maybe a handful every generation of players. Coaches? Even less so. If I remember correctly Lou Vincent has been painting houses since retirement. I can't even imagine a mid tier athlete here having to do that unless they made terrible financial decisions and went broke (which happens fairly often tho)
Can someone ELI5 what's so bad about Thakur? He's done some shady shit in the past (select himself to play a ranji game) but under his administration we've picked a forward thinking selection panel, have signed quality coaches at all levels, have hosted good tournaments like the challenger series, and have broken new ground by taking the Indian team to America successfully with promises to do more. I am biased because I want more matches here in the States and Thakur promised that. Why are people after his head?
Found the hipster
Currently Dangal is excellent
SA central contract pays 130k
Ok, so?
He also managed to get the venue changed successfully in limited time too. This stuff doesn't seem all that bad. He has scheduled one of the longest test seasons ever for us, pitches have been good, like someone mentioned opened the gates for DRS. yeah no one is a saint, no exec anywhere is a saint. Thakur was doing a great job.
Lying media. Sad!
Kohli - the cool kid KL Rahul, Jadeja, Pandey, vijay etc the guys trying to fit in with said cool kid Ashwin, Pujara - the chill nerds who do the other guys' homework and bail them out all the time
Jizz
I know. I was kind of adding on to it/showing my opinion
India A: Shikhar Dhawan, Mandeep Singh, Ambati Rayudu, Yuvraj Singh, MS Dhoni (capt and wk), Hardik Pandya, Sanju Samson, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Ashish Nehra, Mohit Sharma, Siddharth Kaul. This is almost a pretty strong team tbh
As a CSK fan Alblie will always have a special place in my heart
That no one really reads
Straight through to the fucking keeper
2010, I missed you
I legit still have nightmares
Dhoni is a fucking brilliant LOI captain. ODIs are his bread and butter. Kohli has huge shoes to fill here
Hardik bowling well today. where you at h8ers
get him in the combox
far too many dropped catches.
I don't think he plays much for Jharkand anymore can't wait to see him back in the yellow for CSK next year :D
2018 mr Debbie downer
Downtown detroit in the new stadium... cmon NBA
I know we live in a capitalist society, and the market sets the prices on these wages, and I am all for that and all....but breaking it down like this really highlights how absurd these salaries are. They may be the best basketball players in the world, but at the end of the day all they are doing is putting a ball through a hoop! Props to the guys who do good things with their money and fame, though.
If you can't run you shouldn't be able to bat, simple
TBH our middle order is fine. In fact we are over saturated with number guys who can play 3 and 4. It is our lower middle order 5-7 that is iffy
Steve O Jadeja
Lmao there is no escaping this meme
The 00s things started turning around. 90s was bad times.
Morgan has reviewed this.....fuhk
not out
bruh he was a top bowler today and is doing alright with the bat. give him a chance!
ah. i thought you meant LB as sometimes used as short for lbw. Probably will be changed to runs off the bat, but its a good question.
Ashwin, India's test number 6, is in now. Let's win this guys.
amazing shot pandya
dik heads unite!
Man ashwin running is the equivalent of a maruti trying to go from 0 to 60 mph
damn that was a pretty inside out shot for 1 from ashwin
got to make it interesting
oh shit....run out?
he's in the dugout next to Kumble and co
ASHWIN SIX! HUM JEET GAYE BC
he's been our batting coach for years now
You know?
Taking shitposting to the next level
Haven't you heard that we are the new Jews?
I was super young during the time of peak Tendulkar (1996/97). 20 years later, I am beyond grateful to be a witness to peak Kohli (2016, hopefully 17 and beyond)
The NBA.
Why retire? Just pick and choose series if he wants. Maybe only play against Australia, England, and India.
Midwest here. Almost everyone drives an SUV. An epic contrast to when I travel to visit family in india and Europe, where most cars are hatchbacks and smaller sedans
Anyone else think this is a massive waste of money?
Ahh yes the Vettori era. He was captain, batting at 5 or 6 (pretty much opening at that point), shouldering the bowling load, and was almost like a coach too.
dude i was born in India but have lived almost my entire life here in the US with other second gen Indian americans. Out of more than 300+ brown people I know (indian community is huge) there are maybe 2 others that follow cricket even as close to as much as I do.
Isn't it amazing that even 381 is not a safe score in ODIs. What a time to be alive
Yea but that seemed amazing right through. This innings and the 350 run chase almost seemed routine in a way.
Bat deep BC
And from cricinfo commentary sounds like he was captain as well 😂
Incredible
P for Penis Kanter
Knew it
Neat stat but this guy has the best first name in history
"I know it's overplayed but man, imagine if KD, Russ, and Harden stayed together in OKC."
This idea has been touted for ages and is in the right line of thinking. But the stadiums are way bigger and crowds much noisier. May be a little sound can go off in the umpires earpiece.
GOAT
Good idea to have it in a neutral, well connected venue IMO.
This World Cup was so fucked Ireland was a great highlight though
RP Singh just blows
What were all you guys thinking fashion wise back then geeeeze this is bad
You Aussies can say what you want but fingers pointing up for these types of catches makes literally zero sense Ever since our Indian boys started doing this we've been dropping more too
Never knew we were connected this way. Happy Australia Day to the brothers down under, and happy republic day to those back in India.
Dude this shit would be a dream come true for me RT
Globally billion plus people speak Mandarin. Should that be the language of the world? I think that English *should* be the cross cultural language in India
I wonder if we could be anything like twitch plays Pokémon. It would be a struggle, horrible, terrible experience for 99.9% of the time. But eventually, we would win a championship.
Waiting for ones to come out with a W chip
India is an emerging economic powerhouse. As we continue to expand, knowledge of a global language of business/science/academia like English is vital for Indians to remain competitive in that space. You may say that the educated will learn English on their own anyway, but I think that everyone should have the same education as it opens up more opportunities than any Indian language alone. Especially as internet use continues to proliferate in the coming years to all sections of society - think of all the amazing things people can learn online in the coming years, all they really need to know is how to read English.
Exactly. Why try and recreate the wheel. Let our people learn English, and so many doors open.
Jadeja
The crowd at the beginning of the come up for a team is always the best. They're the loyal ones who were disgruntled during the really bad times for sure but not enough to totally ignore their teams. Yet they aren't the band wagoners who are only back for the glory days
India should be proud to limit this batting lineup to 139
It's like 100 years from if I photoshopped Michael Jordan in a Pistons jersey
Fwiw I really liked him in Detroit
1. Pakistan (World Cup/Multi-Tournament) 2. Australia (Tests) 3. England (Tests) 4. SA (Any) 5. West Indies (T20) 6. NZ (Any) 7. Bangladesh (LOI) 8. Sri Lanka (Any)
2007 WC exit was the worst. Peak Chappel
We got wrecked in tour games vs Somerset n shit. Didn't even break 300 with them iirc
Does Fisher still get the full amount on his contract even though he's fired? I wouldn't care either
Woah. That is stunning. Kohli has the fucking cheat codes.
Who's our second best currently? No one seems to want it. Vijay? Pujara? Rahane? With the ball Jadeja. This is all test cricket. ODIs is even more confusing. Probably Rohit with the bat, maybe Dhoni. With the ball... I'd say Ashwin. I think Jadeja is our best LOI bowler
On top of this they get match fees, which are for India: Rs 500,000 for every test match, Rs 300,000 for every one day and Rs 150,000 for every T20 match. Kohli, for example played 12 Tests (60L), 3 ODIs (9L), and 21 T20Is (31.5L). In total, Kohli got paid around 1.9 crore rupees if my math is right. This is equal to 280,000 USD to play international cricket, about the salary of the average physician in the US. Massively underpaid, IMO! Kohli does receive 15 crore for his contract through the IPL. However, I'm unsure if this is paid yearly or for the duration of the contract - anyone know?
I think there were some sexual assault allegations against him from the IPL. He used to kill it for Punjab but after that stuff it all went to shit
Still funny. I remember Chris Gayle turned up to matches drunk AF in Jamaica with a whole crew around him when he was scorned by WICB. It was hilarious. Imagine if they picked him on the morning of the game!
Add his 1c retainer. And what is 15,000 USD? 10L is 15k. 1c is about 150k.
Agree 100% about NZ. Lou Vincent has been painting houses since retirement. Lots of NZ cricketers seem to go back to day jobs after cricket. On the other side of the globe, Suliman Benn (sp) works as a gym teacher. I kind of find that especially hilarious - he was like the reason his team won the goddam World Cup! Going back to india it's kind of hard to compare to the mean GDP. I would imagine that any one of us in r/cricket (with access to a decent education, electricity, computers and mobile phones, internet) is several orders of magnitude higher than that mean. I think BCCI retainer plus match fee should be equal to the base starting pay of a good IPL contract. Like our guys should be making at least 400k US. Grade A guys should be netting a million plus. The last thing we want is players choosing club over county. This would be a good way to ensure that.
Reddit shitposting is the secret of any champion cricketer
Sounds like you want to do surgery. Take the plunge. Plenty of attendings have managed to maintains good lifestyles with surgery
Save big money at menards
Lol wade fucking sucks
Next World Cup, maybe? You know the ICC tournaments LOVE their roads. Give me some locked and loaded batting orders that are becoming more efficient by the day
Were they told that they shouldn't pick themselves? Where are the teams saying "we are going to win this thing" Stark contrast to American sports where even when middle tier players are asked who the best in the league is, they will confidently say themselves. I guess it is the whole gentlemen's game thing
Fuck this.
Uhh this is called networking and I see nothing wrong it. At the end of the day it is going to be the selector/coach/player who are sticking their necks out and their jobs. If the selected player doesn't perform, the admins are likely to lose their jobs and players can get dropped. We can play hypotheticals all day, but if we want to limit where private citizens work and in what capacity it would be overreach of the highest order
This is giving me an aortic dissection
Touchy subject to be brought up with attendings, probably a lose lose situation?
You getting downvoted but I love that shit even though I acknowledge how little effort it took from Rihanna's part
Meechum :(
Hammer is probably the only truly "good" person around at this point.
breath of fresh air for sure. I don't like how he just fell apart suddenly in season 5. We get it, he has some PTSD. But come on....
Yes that was really ridiculous. And she's been out for like Days/weeks at this point.
I don't really think it has so much to do with his party at all. In fact I think through the last 2 seasons it showed repeatedly that both Frank and Will couldn't give a shit about the policies of their party personally. They just wanted the power. It's probably similar with real politicians too. I think Conway would've been a good president, certainly better than Underwood, and I say this as a democrat
I just couldn't get over his accent. It sounds like he recently immigrated from Russia or something
would def love to move to India at some point. I think I will def retire back in India Would also love to spend time living in London or Sydney/Melbourne. A lot of the continental European countries don't really appeal to me. I think English language would be a major key for me to live anywhere
Who is complaining about it? Tahir's celebrations are probably one of the most interesting things in world cricket right now. Gets me hype
Different strategy seems to have worked. Have Rohit Sharma suck up a lot of balls and hope he makes up for it later. If not, blame Dhoni in middle overs!
For me he sounds just like Vitaly from YouTube
He got a 5 fer vs us in WC semi and restricted us to only 250 odd
Spring inside ball
We are all Dik heads on this blessed day
Not just this subreddit but cricket in general. It's weird but I feel like I have this bond with people from all the test nations. While watching foreign streams I feel like I am sitting in living rooms with those fans. I am more interested in exploring those countries than any other. Cricket is something that really brings us together I feel. I wish it was a larger group.
My grandpas thoughts on the game sent to me via email: I was awake till 11-45 m last night seeing the match. We won in the end but there was no cricket, no enthusiasm, bad fielding by India, bowling was mediocre. India has to improve in all departments to face the on coming matches. Dropping ASWIN was disappointing
I knew what was gonna happen and still got fooled fuck
Brutal
First has to be being Roger's son
Ganguly even sleeps like a king
This is what you call a nice set up
Holy shit, that is huge
Kill me now
Yeah. Don't recall him playing in the post DRS era off the top of my head...
Hahahahaha
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/cricket/article-1358444/Wahab-Riaz-latest-Pakistani-bowler-spot-fixingl-controversy.html http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/cricket/article-1310508/Pakistan-cricketer-Wahab-Riaz-questioned-spot-fixing-allegations.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/cricket/international/pakistan/8862875/Pakistan-spot-fixing-scandal-Kamran-Akmal-and-Wahab-Riaz-may-face-investigation-after-claims-made-in-trial.html "Riaz was photographed by the News of the World wearing the white jacket containing the £10,000 bung the News of the World had paid as a down payment for the bowling of the three no balls during the Lord’s Test." http://i.imgur.com/6FY4RXY.jpg I will say there is no evidence of him actually following through with a no ball as there was with the others. But this does not in any way mean that Riaz is a straight shooter here.
"Wahab is by no means the greatest bowler, but no one has ever doubted his integrity or passion for the game. " ... but people literally have though. Anyway, I am done with this. He was not charged with anything and that is that. But this borrowing a jacket thing is silly as fuck. We are not that naive. There are hundreds of people to "borrow a jacket" from. Who borrows from a stranger?
Is it bad that I plan on getting one as an expensive alarm clock?
This offseason is gonna be sooo spicy. GM Lebron is going to be looking for some blood. Expect heads to roll.
Didn't watch the game. Any changes to Be made? Ashwin coming in?
Take an Indian and put him somewhere else for just a few years and he becomes a law abiding citizen. Why is that?
He was the head of the mother fucking FBI. He is a literal spy, and a top one at that. Imagine all the mental training and shit he would've gone through. This guy is not gonna crack
Idk how future abuses percocets without shredding his liver. If he pops them as often as he says he does he's surely going past the 4g/day limit. Then again I doubt he even does it. But the kids that listen to him might.
What's the point of this thread?
Stokes had gone from walking meme to Bothamesque
Such a beautiful game
This is the only answer
99.94 is like the most iconic number in the entire sport. It's the stuff of legend.
Tbh not just Aussies. All cricket fans.
Damn
Sooooo good. Tendulkar was amazing. THAT India Pakistan game. Australia were truly invincible. SA choked in classic fashion at home. Even 2011 was not as enjoyable IMO SA has amazing conditions for cricket, they are awesome hosts
Mother Fakhar
haha i do that too. Fucking leave balls in goddam hallway cricket
I also like to block/take singles after boundaries instead of going for more boundaries. That's just good cricket, the gentlemanly thing to do
Sehwag was never athletic but surprisingly fast between the wickets back in the day. He has that Indian uncle strength
Jayasuriya always scored more runs than deliveries faced
Floored his ass!
Iirc oppo makes shitty cell phones in india but high end home theater equipment elsewhere
At this point, I am totally down I am imaging them teaming up like Goku and Vegeta. Let's go.
Finals MVP Andre
Truly the hardest road.
Man... they were in it. :(
Shit
4 years in basketball is a lifetime. Only 5 years ago it was the thunder in the finals yeah? It feels like it was a previous fucking generation.
It didn't actually happen but I had a terrible nightmare of the 2003 World Cup final. Hayden and Gilchrist went bonkers before Ponting played one of the greatest innings I've seen, totally deflating. Then Sachin showed a glimmer of hope before being caught out on the second ball vs McGrath. Brought 10 year old me to sobbing tears. Thank god zebras invaded the field and we ended up sharing the trophy, though.
Sachin has way too many amazing innings in vain. That is either a reflection of a poor team around him or a lack of what we call in basketball a "clutch gene", that will kind of be up to history to decide. One of the greatest batsmen ever, and don't get me wrong I am a huge Tendulkar fan, but sometimes he did not show up when it mattered most (2003 final, 2011 final, 2007 knock out vs SL) or when he was truly batting like a god amongst men, be sometimes failed to seal the deal. I am not trying to be critical of Sachin here, just be a little impartial.
Holy shit how did I forget this one too, Indias shocking loss to Bangladesh in 2007 WC. My god, that was a depressing day. Bangla were not even nearly as competitive as they are today. We just got pwnt in every way possible. We took a terrible squad to that WC. In hindsight I am so glad it happened, it really catalyzed a lot of fundamental changes to make us a good, consistent side we are today.
Please take him
He was placed in a really awkward position last year. He was a part of the OG Lebron Cavs and stayed with them through the dark days only to get shipped off to their main rivals and had to play them in the finals. He made some money in the process and played some high intensity ball for them, but you gotta feel for him in some way too. I guess KD did a similar thing voluntarily.
Bruh
Who cares who hates us lol
Why not options for everyone
So many uncles at the cricket today
CUTS AND CUTS HARD 🍆🍆🍆💦💦💦
this rain totally fucked up the tournament. These guys are out of their element and everyone knows it.
Typical cringey Indian banter in the stands At least they keep showing this one fine chick with the india flag lol
https://youtu.be/zYt0WbDjJ4E
Two sixes VK, let's go.
Gonna be tough
His dad is the legendary Mansoor Ali Khan "Tiger" Pataudi, who is not only a Nawab but India's first great cricketing captain. He was in a car accident when he was a teenager and played his entire career with a goat eye, seeing double the whole time. He still scored runs everywhere.
Lol lots of talk of india not having big hitters in the lower order. This is one way of addressing that
Exactly I am agreeing with the OP
Dude I have a goddam 9.7 pro and it is taking a lot of willpower not to upgrade lol
Oooo him and Booker would be sick together
Nobody cares what the BCCI thinks. Kapil is a legend, one of the greatest Indian cricketers of all time. His commentary sucks tho
Smithy has been in India so long he has totally nailed the head movements
Wow. He needs to get up and leave. I am sure Haryana or even Bengal will take him
If it goes according to pattern so far Fultz will have a season ending foot injury early in the season and Philly will be back in the lottery next season again
Pandya is an X factor with the bat, dont sleep on him
Unless it is your own wedding, leave
West Indies surely
Umps call so yes
Something something baap baap hota Hai That joke would've been better a few hours ago...
Thoroughly outplayed
Rapidly declining lol
Slim to none I'd say. Maybe 5%
Sadly it is no longer 2011
National sport 🇮🇳
Zebras
*switches on tv*
Poor guy hasn't had joy vs India in so long. You can hear his boner throbbing in the mic
Still happened
So much promise in this Pakistan team. Yall must be really excited for the upcoming home season!!
Thanks tubbs!
Fucking curse!!!
India switched off their TVs when Kohli got out
The family Whatsapp is already in full mast
Can we please stop with this
Did you cum yet?
Time for heads to ROLL in the ODI setup. Yuvraj, congrats for 300 mate but it's over. Ashwin, stick to tests. Dhoni put on warning. These are my favorite players but things have GOT TO CHANGE.
Enjoy the win Pakistan. Well deserved, we'll be back.
India record breaking team
Looks like in addition to English they are poor in math also ;)
Arthur just happy to get out of this tournament alive
Your fault bhenchod
Grabs popcorn
Everyone knows bilateral ODIs vs WI more important
Real talk what's the context for this
Through the IPL and now international cricket, the indifferent "we weren't good enough on the day" post game speech by Kohli is getting OLD.
Came through with my bet on r/charitablebets. 20$ donated to Malala foundation to promote education for girls in remote areas in Pakistan and across the globe. One good thing to come out of a terrible result! http://i.imgur.com/ZzdapGt.jpg
Hur dur designated shitting streets. Can't you guys think of better insults yet? As if there aren't hobos dropping logs in Lahore as we speak 🙄
Probably pornhub soon
Was Kohli born in Pakistan
Not at all. Australia and co were screwed by rain and it really messed up the tournament. I don't think the best 4 teams were represented in the semi finals. The matches that were completed were blowouts. The last one was better from a neutral perspective, plus a thrilling final (albeit rain affected).
I think it's kinda cool. Like blazer they get for winning the Masters golf
I don't think people should take him so seriously. He is know for talking without thinking and these dumbass tweets have become standard for him. "Everyone plays well except The Sreesanth" "Bangladesh is not a good team" "I don't even consider offspinners to be bowlers". Still, it is annoying and Pak fans must feel good to set him straight Just hope this shit puts him totally out of running for any coach role. He would be terrible and demoralize the team from inside out IMO.
Boogie*
Ridin Dirty
Didn't Kevin Love do this with TWolves and Cle? so that he could sign a bigger Max offer in Cleveland rather than a lower one with them in FA? can PG do this?
Exactly. He made it clear to the Wolves that he was not going to re-sign and wanted to go to Cleveland. Cle kept the birds rights so he could sign a bigger extension after a year.
Pistons fan checking in. We are lowest attended for a reason.
Honest but maybe stupid question, is the Indian team disliked in Pakistan? Or is it more like Hindi film where people generally like watching them? I can't help but think guys like these would be tough to dislike but I am probably very wrong
Virat Kohli the Lebron James of cricket, orchestrating front office matters from behind the scenes
Mostly because there isn't anyone else to replace him. If you really think about it, everyone except Virat in team india is replaceable. Jinks can't make it into the ODI side and may be the first to leave if competition arises in tests. Ashwin is someone I've earmarked as potential skipper but he's going through some trouble now too. Rohit maybe? But then again it would be ODIs alone. Kohli has become too big of a figure
not tryna play hypotheticals but if it was reversed an Pak had these ads and we beat them you but your ass I would be singing this lol
MR BIG SHOT
Respekt from Delhi
It will be a clusterfuck for sure. The new captain may do well but will have to deal with a sulking Kohli in the dressing room for the next decade
Deservedly so ;) :P
Respekt fr0m BaNgLaDeSh
Double wristing
*waves fist
He is really fucking good. Should walk into the ODI setup at 4.
Shadab
Ok
Why wouldn't you review every LBW almost then?
That's actually good though
I don't see what is wrong with coaches getting paid any amount of dollars but I do see something wrong with the current coach formally requesting pay hikes. Doesn't seem to be in the job description. Then again, this is TOI so fuck it
There has been another board that's been kicking about the last few years. It shouldn't be up to the USACA though. If the ICC is serious about America they would do it themselves.
Are we all the same person?
Wew lad, I like this. This sub loves shitting on TAG but I love them
That dude batting at 15 yards always cracks me up
Da real MVP
What's wrong with coach having a say in playing XI? In Australia neither player or coach selects the XI iirc.
Highly respected by all the players
Of course he did, his base is just too stupid to realize. He drained the swamps by filling it with more swamp monsters
Wow what a fucking asshole.
Old news Karthik upgraded massively
Lol Kohli is going to be wishing for a guy like Anil.
Rather have Drummond take a half court shot
If I wore the same thing I would look straight up retarded
man the graphics and shit make this look so old. 2009 doesn't even feel like it was that long ago.
Scrap him at least from T20s first
Last year it was not bad because we actually played tests, and had T20s in the states. That was the real hype factor.
I have also discussed my 5 celebrity cheat list with my GF, doesn't mean it's going to happen
Please god
What do you guys think, worse to get out or play five consecutive dots at any time during a T20? I'd argue that playing 5 dots total in an inning might be criminal.
He doesn't look fully fit after the surgery
Rahul had a cocaine bust iirc during one of the IPLs and has subsequently vanished
what's going to happen when India are staring down the barrel in a grueling Australia/England/SA tour? Or maybe got off to a rocky start in an ICC tournament? We get it. These guys are professionals and can handle the occasions like any other athlete in the world. But everyone needs guidance, experience, a differing viewpoint, and a devils advocate. You need to be challenged, pushed to become better. That's what they are there for. And when things get tough, a coach can take a lot of unnecessary heat away from the captain and the team. Look at what Mickey Arthur did after Pak's crushing loss to India in the group CT mAtch. He say I'm that presser taking heat from the worlds press telling him that Pakistan was not a good enough team PERIOD, that the entire domestic system and selection policy be revamped. He stuck by his guys... and did some magic to will them back to a win. I'm in medicine. Even the most wizardly, skilled surgeons in my academic center turn to wiser sources when they notice flaws in their technique or anything that can be made better. It is arrogant to think that these players don't need the same.
Shastri is actually a good commentator compared to the rest
He is too? That's 2 of them who are convicted criminals, other 2 involved in betting and shit lol
World Cup win incoming
It's from Spongebob you dipstick
Stokes (4), Narine (2), Bravo (2), Kohli (5), Rohit (1)
these are unholy sums of money.
Pummeling Indian bowling for a decade plus is a good workout
440 wickets!!!
Jesus. Churchy averaging 48/49 at that strike rate after a side gets through the likes of Hayden, Langer, Ponting, Hussey, Martin, Symonds etc. not fair!! Qdk is special. Plus he probably shoulders a bigger responsibility in the batting lineup for SA than Gilly did
