or he still 19 years old
Malone,but cp3 will join him.
KD will never join miami lol
I dont know why you're getting downvoted lol
They will in their primes.
lool u cant be serious
:)
bill russel the goat
fuck man
lebron fans already making up excuses lol ,like it or not it will hurt his legacy losing 4 finals is not good
lol im done
fucking tmz
from Egypt!
Kd always spent the offseason in LA
They will lose in the final again
What are you talking about?, every time i say something negative about lebron i get downvoted lol
So is lebron every year lol
Pique u stupid fuck
cool story bro
Nice try lelayup fans.MJ still the goat
thats why i say something negative about lebron, i get downvoted and every one want to kill me
I got downvoted because i said kobe.like wtf, kobe haters give me a break.
Everyone one saying kobe is getting downvoted. People here are pathetic.
im tired of this mock draft lol
What do you expect lol this is the final
Lol
you are right lol, he pushes everyone when he is going into the rim.
Im fuckin done
john cena
Lebron needs him
Lechoke
he is the best pg now
yeah dude it is sad lol
okafor will be the best center in the next 20 years and will dominate everyone in the league and will force everyone to go big and lakers will shine again.
Lebron*
why dude? you guys made it to the second round, thats an accomplishment for the clippers franchise.
cp3 choked lmao
no
every lebron james team.
if you guys got kyrie then cp3 wont be a clipper lol
he is the next duncan :)
we will give him all the money.
no they dont have anything in common
Clippers will never win a championship lol
why not?
Lmao warriors fans talking shit now.
damn this dude can do everything lol
Lol yup and we did it successfully.
wtf is happening.
i dont know how to feel about this.
magic said kobe is the best laker lol
ok Choke city
hahaha come to the lakers so you can bang your gf anytime you want love.
damnnn
Okafor has all the tools to be a good defender so im not worried
Thank u dude.
i cant fucking sleep now.
i have been doing that all day dude ,shit is frustrating.
cmon man
I'll be off twitter for the first 5 picks.
hahahahahahahahha sorry Philadelphia you guys can hate us more now.
you fuckers
how do you know?
flair??
wtf are philly doing.
but the nuggets drafted mudiay?
nah you are wrong.
kobe also had an mvp season in 2003 .
yeah because i hate their owner.
hahahaha will see :)
lol not close.
misleading title lmao.
yeah it is.
when Celtic fans are defending kobe ,you know that your opinion is bad.
i love people like you lol
do what makes you happy.
fuck off.
Next year we will :)
Yeah,it is not casey fault that lowry and de rozan couldn't hit a shot
Harden is definitely better than Kahwi lol
Im sure they are happy now
John cena
Thanks to harden freethrow for saving his TS
Stop crying
Stop losing in the finals
yeah Lebron was bad in the final shame on him
Nope
99% of Clippers fans here are CP3 fans
Or maybe he was playing out of his position and couldn't fit with Okafor.
Rose actually has been playing well
Kobe is better than Lebron
Lebron abuse the shit out of it.
Kobe is the best Laker ,and of course the old guys will prefer someone from their generation .
Yeah because stats is the most important factor.
Thank you man, someone here know what he is talking about.
Blake causing spacing problem?
Wtf im asking a question. Clippers fans are sensitive.
His ugly playstyle will never change lol
Thanks for answering the question.
Because Russell is more valuable to the team than Okafor
Russell will make everyone around him better,He has the tools to be a good defender due to his lengths and he is gonna be triple double threat later on. Okafor is a bad rim protector and slow on defense and black hole on offense due to his inefficient post play that kills the offense and that wont work well in the modern nba .A lot of Sixers fan prefer Noel over Okafor.
Duck is love,Duck is life.
Still salty about 2002 lol
No you don't
Flair up u pussy
Dude you are clueless
I still dont know why People like this game.
I played CS 1.5 like 8 years ago ,never been a fan of the game lol
I played CS 1.5 like 8 years ago ,still the same shit.
Don't make me excited again :(
Lmao this is ridiculous
Lol i dont want Monta Ellis on my team.
Kobe Bryant
Downvote me Lebron fanboys.Lebron was inefficient in the final because he had terrible teammates and was caring them alone right?,but when it comes to kobe he is not efficient when he had the same problem lebron had in the final.
We are talking in kobe prime which was in 2006
So kobe is top 4 or top 3?
Lol no
Top 15 sound good
Karl Malone was better,and dont tell me 5 rings because Horry has 7 Rings.That how it works right?
Yes he is.
This is so frustrating man,we have been so unlucky this season.
No you are trying to hoop on Kawhi circlejerk
stfu u got destroyed
Stay mad
You are trying so hard bro, take a kitkat.
Yeah man lol
Or maybe you are so mad for no reason.
Have fun losing in the finals.
Im not arguing with you my dude
Why
IF Malone played with the spurs ,he would have 5 rings
He was injured,but nice try.
Yeah plz
Yeah sadly they have better potential than Clarkson and Randle
Is Maniac good at this game?
lol thats funny but no
Karl Malone is better than Duncan according to stats
And Malone offense has consistently been better than Duncan and guess what? Malone had better longevity.It is not his fault that he played against the goat 2 times in the final,Duncan would have lost if he played against jordan.
just like the 2013 final
Thank you.A lot of people here dont know that Malone was good defensively lol
i cant stop laughing
Monta Ellis
Why did you guys get rid of Him?
Can you show me man?
I dont think Okafor is the guy you want to build around
Who cares about females.They are garbage
I was entertained.
Wrong.im not saying i remember every game, but i was watching the games with my dad so i remember a lot of moment of him being hyped and my lakers wining championships
I will wait till next season to see if he improved or not.
Of course his numbers gonna suffer if he is playing with Lebron and Kyrie and isnt the first option anymore.
lol gotta love Lebron fanboys
Jordan is the undisputed goat
Malone is better than Duncan
Duncan couldn't get past kobe in 2008, im sure he wont be able to beat Jordan in the final.so it is unfair to compare the rings.Malone also had better longevity .
Lol Jc is so overrated
Still salty about 2002
I actually remember that post lol
And thats what they want.
If you want to lose in the finals take Lebron.
Yeah it was a fun team
Lol people still believe this
lol
Lebron is not top 5
What about game 7?
lol no
Lol Lebron always do good against kahwi.Ariza and Butler are the best Lebron defender.
Bill Russell is the most overrated player of all time, he is like Deandre Jordan with leadership
You are clueless
Egypt is shit
Haha Egyptian people are delusional
Zamalek is better than Ahly
Anything Kobe related will get downvoted,im not surprised .
Kahwi wouldn't do shit if he played as the franchise player on teams like the Pacers and the Rockets.PG is better than him
How the fuck do you know
No one give a shit about Handegg outside of USA
Sorry dude,kobe is more loved than Duncan
He also played with one coach his entire career
Mj retired like 2 million times
Monta Ellis 1.5
Thats why KD said Kahwi is a system player
Simmons and Randle cant play together
Yeah better than Duncan
I saw a lot of people saying Kahwi is better than Harden
Malone also was very good defensively.
I have been waiting for this. Edit:the music is on point .
81
lol coach k said he will give Kobe a spot if he wants
Kobe is 4-2 against Duncan in the playoffs,so im not salty.
He said that a while ago ,i cant remember the source.
tbh man i miss my mom,but im in college now so i only see her in the summer :(
Ohh no
His problem is his defense, but i think he can become decent.
No stop
Just like he made in the finals
Kd doesn't want to hurt his stats
Fucking Dwight
So?
Lebron fans always making excuses.It is never Lebron fault,cant wait for their excuses after getting smacked in the final.
Because Kahwi is overrated by people here.
Source: nba.com/stats
Lebron fans are the worst, so many excuses it is insane.
I cant say anything negative about Lebron or Lebron fans sorry.
I dont think there is any heat player deserve to be there.I think you can make an argument for Bosh only.
I think cp3 will be there.
He is not better than any of those Edit:ok Raptors fans im sorry, i didnt know Conley was there.
Love is still better than him
Cp3
Actually Thompson is a better fit.
Paul George should be there instead of Kahwi
Hector is the goat
wtf was that
They are better with Noel
lmaao
dont do this to your boy Melo
You guys defense is so much better with Noel
Thank you man,I have been saying that for ever.Duncan is the golden boy here so prepare for the downvotes.
Lillard is bad defensively
Horry&gt;Duncan.
If Duncan played Jordan he wont have any of those
Malone is still better
I like you
You are gonna see in the playoff
Lmao wtf
Idw why you are getting downvoted, if Lebron played in his era he will average better numbers lol
I love you
You cant compare Cod tournaments to Cs.Period.
No one.
Durant is not a second option
That will change during playoff time.
Lol wtf
Damn Kawhi made it
Zaza Pachulia only missed a starting spot by 14,000 votes
where the fuck is AD
damn is that fifa 98 song
CP3 is so good
Defense
Curry is
Not Kawhi
is this a good team?
How quickly they forget
Clippers players must feel sad to see how loud are Knicks fans compared to their fans back home.
Where was Lebron in 2011 final?
Ok Melo
Israel is not a country
Nope
stop crying Lebron fans
Delly is garbage
Still better than Kawhi
LeDecline cant shoot anymore
Put George on the spurs instead of Kawhi, he will average better numbers.
Haha Rose didn't had CJ with him, Rose teammates wasn't even that good.
They got the first seed because of Rose
Still better than Kawhi
Hahaha
Yup you are right and thats why his finals record is important.
Im with you
Explain more
I fucking love Towns
Shabaz u idiot
Bullshit foul
Kawhi is overrated as fuck damn
Kawhi finally making a shot
stop flopping manu
barnes u idiot
Curry is the best player now
Lebron didn't even deserve it last year anyway
If we got Simmons, we trade Randle.
Kevin Love was getting death threats lol
Not a big deal,he will be ready for the Playoffs anyway.
Stop crying
Towns and Clarkson both are not from Usa
We will have the worst record by the end of the season,so im not worried.
Im saying that because Clarkson isn't from Usa lol
Well, he did that to himself.
You are clueless
No one lol
Curry is the best player right now
He was gonna play,but training camp happened.
Im not,but he didn't play for the Phillipines national team because training camp happened
And he doesnt know how to play
Yeah Clarkson is terrible at defense, but Smart gonna be the better player after 2 years from now,but not now.
Still a black hole on offense and that won't change in the future
Can we trade Clarkson for him? he is the next Westbrook according to our fans
KD is so fucking good
Thank you, finally someone has a brain.
Would it help?
Haha sadly there is some delusional people who believe that
You said Clarkson is our better player lol please stfu
Stfu you are clueless
No he doesn't
Randle shouldn't be there
Lebron fanboys are sensitive
Lebron is loved here
You are the biggest Lebron homer i have ever seen .
Go to Facebook pages and youtube comments compared to here,and you will see the difference.
Yeah,you have a good point.
Clarkson needs to come off the bench if he wants to stay with us
Clarkson is the next Westbrook right?.Clarkson can be the perfect 6th man,but he shouldn't be starting in the future if you want to contend.
No one will haunt you dont worry
how the fuck is Tony Snell the captain lol
Yeah yeah
You are too late
wtf
Really Clarkson
Hahaha
Russell has been good for us ,watch some games.
Because he is not better than Okafor and Noel
No he wont, just stop.
What do you mean
You are so clueless, it is funny.
Russell is more valuable to the team than okafor in advance stats.
Hahaha someone salty that we took Russell, i wanted him over Al Jefferson lmao, have fun with a Centre who cant defend, your team is better when Okafor is off the court, get the fuck outa here.
Don't worry,I will enjoy watching him :)
Since January 1st, the Lakers are 22.3(!!!!!!!) points per 100 better with Russell on the floor. (-15.9 off and +6.4 on) , For those who still think Russell doesn't play defense, the Lakers are 12.4 points per 100 better on D with him on the floor Since January 1st, the Lakers are 10.7 points per 100 possessions better on offense with Russell on the floor. In terms of raw shooting numbers, the Lakers TS% is 5.9% higher when Russell is on the floor. Makes it easier for everyone You can absolutely make the case that Russell is the Lakers best player right now Basically, D'Angelo Russell is already very good and keeps getting better So stfu
Kawhi
He is playing better than Clarkson
Nope
fuck off Harden
Fucking Harden
This game is crazy lol
This thread is dead
Get past the second round first before talking to me.
Im still here
Will be better than Duncan
Malone had better longevity than Duncan, and his playstyle is similar to Malone than Duncan
We are not trading Russell
Kawhi is better than Lebron
TT is a joke
4-2 in the playoffs
Lets fucking goo
Im fucking happy lets go man
Same with Lebron
Hahaha Cod haters everywhere
He is,but he needs to win one for the land.
No he is not,Malone stats are better and he was better offensively and was also good defensively,it is not his fault that he played the goat in the final,Duncan would have lost too.
He is not not
There is no argument for Ronaldo over Messi lol Edit:If you think Ronaldo is better than messi then you are fuckin delusional
Thats why no one offered him a job here.
He is overrated, he's like Deandre Jordan with leadership.
He is now
Angry Lebron fans downvoting you lmao
Can the Cavs do a comeback?
Curry babeee
So dont compare Lebron to Jordan again,since he has 6 FMVP's .
Le2-5
It is between Germany or France
He did lol
Dude I got downvoted to oblivion when I said that.
Lmfao
They have the number one pick
Exactly
Says the guy who lost 8 finals,he will probably be a rotation guy in today NBA.
It's the truth, look at his playstyle,there is no one like him succeeded in today nba for a reason.
Because game 5 was just as bad as game 6,the Sacramento Queen had more freethrow than us the whole series too,but haters gonna hate.
Convince me why he will succeed in today NBA
He wasn't athletic and couldn't finish with his left I believe, convince me why he would succeed in today NBA
He would be a spot up guy that can't defend, there's a reason no one like him succeeded in today NBA
He would be a spot up guy who can't defend.
PG is better
4 years and still Can't get over 8 kills? Just give up lmao
Lebron fanboys downvoting this thread lmao
Ok Lebron fanboy
Hahaha ok
We have 7 Cl hahah
He is a about to lose his 5 final,so im not wrong here.
Cavs fans said it will be a sweep since they have Klove and Kyrie.
Because the Cavs are not wining this series?
This series is already over my dude,believe me.
We said last year and it didn't happen and before any Lebron angry fanboys say he had a good final, I will leave this here 39%
That's how Lebron plays lol
Are u serious?
Your team is not at the same tier as OKC and warriors
Hahaha here comes the excuses
If you Want to lose in the finals then yeah lmao
This is copy paste from youtube lmao
What about NA?
Just like Toronto fans
How?
Him and the undisputed Goat MJ are close
He is
Hahaha nice try, how about Clarkson being better than Marcus bust lmao
Shut up dude
Same with Russell
Who cares about handegg
This dude is a fuckin joke
Is this from last year?
Lmao I love this dude
Not in the finals
Messi is better than him
Tough Week for Lebron fans I know,the good news is it will continue through the summer and probably the rest of his career hahaha
u mad
Yeah man
Nice try Lebron fanboy
He is a Lebron fan so he used to cry like a bitch a lot
Or maybe the opposite
Kobe will always be better than Lebron my dude,have fun watching Lebron lose his 5 final hahah damn
Yeah dude
Thats why he is a generation talent
KG is the second best PF of all time behind Malone so I have to go with him
You are everywhere
2002
This dude is about to lose his 5th final tonight lmao
I'm not wrong
Horry doesn't have 6 finals MVP,but nice try.
Kevin Garnet,that trade almost happened.
How many time this shit got posted?
If you can't win then you are shit
16 Championships
16 Championships
Lebron doesn't have a case for the best of all time,Lebron fanboys are out of control.
Because East
And mediocre future
He has 5,we are good.
Only fanboys like you believe this Hahaha
Still got first rounded 2 years in a row
No he won't
We need to trade Monta Elis 1.5 for this dude.
No shit,I still think someone like Klay or jj redick is a better fit next to Dlo.
Hahaha why u heff to be mad my dude,I have been watching since 2001 when i was 7 , but nice try.
It's sad how injuries can destroy someone career
We will see next season
People in this thread don't know shit
Russell
Totally agree, I'm very excited for next season.
Wilt is overrated
So LeBron was third?
Yeah you are a LeBron fan not a Cleveland fan lmao pathetic
and Kobe won a championship this season which is the most important thing,but nice try
He played bad in the last 2 Final matches lol
Exactly, we need to build around Russell and Ingram
Like I said if Randle and Clarkson still garbage on defense then we are not going anywhere.
Jordan also averaged 40 point on 50% against the suns in 93 final...
What?
Everyone dies
Dude we don't care
Dude Lebron Circlejerk is now strong, you will get downvoted no matter what.
As a Lakers fan,we always have been in situation like this so I'm not nervous
16 championships
Go fuck yourself Barnes
Lebitch is crying
Nooooo
Lebitch
Lets fucking go Green
Lebitch doesn't Want to shoot because it will hurt his percentage fucking pathetic
Kobe has more rings than your entire pathetic franchise
How do you feel about the fourth pick?
But not in the goat discussion
Lol yeah
Calm down dude,I know it has been tough for Bulls fans
He doesn't give a fuck about Cleveland,Lelegacy only cares about his reputation and brand.
Yeah 2002 :)
Your boy Lebron teamed with 4 HOF to help him win one
He played like a beast and proved me wrong so I really have nothing to say lol
Wtf Mitch do something
I don't know,but reading the Clippers name makes me uncomfortable tbh.
I'm not wrong,I'm just sad for Davis because he deserves better than that.
The thing is,Ulis will be out of the league probably after 3 years,and since you follow Booker personal life you know that he loves LA, I will be waiting for him :)
I like you
Goat
Good choice
Bill Russell shouldn't be in the top 10, he is Deandre Jordan with leadership.
Yes he is
So Duncan is top 20?
Hahaha thanks man,people here sometime don't like these controversial opinions lol
Because he's going to the most successful franchise of all time so people want to find anything to hate on him, so sad man.
Rondo because he can't shoot in 2k
He is not wrong
Do you know that the dude you responded too is pau gasol little brother?
With 6 finals mvp
Because Messi is better than Cristina
Messi is the goat and Cristina is not top5
He is not a Suns fan lol
Amar is a point guard?
Hahaha English cunts
Luke You are right.
Dlo
No it wasnt the refs.We were the better team
Wilt is so overrated
No he wont,he will probably be a rotation guy in today nba
What about Milsap?
Maybe you should watch the video
Watch the video
hahaha nice try Thunder fan
Playing against high school players
How ironic coming from a delusional Lebron fanboy
And no one will give a fuck
I never posted in your sub lol
Lmao wtf I didnt say that
Hahah smh
Wtf
Bad
No
Why the Mavs lol
You are 100% right
Of course he is not Messi.Messi is better.
Damn man
You are not getting anyone and we will stuck in mediocrity
Kd you attention whore
Mvp Rose wasn't prime Rose
Michael Jordan
