Pretty normal distribution. 90% ish.
Just lift more than them with better form.
Pinky promise not to actually straddle you while you work out. Or ever.
Makes two of us, because I don't recognize your name either. [What a pickle we're in.](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/tumblr_lyxn0xzsdl1qb0q9io1_400.gif)
Just for science. You said someone would have to straddle you for you to notice. I just want to do some hypothesis testing. I don't even know what you look like.
Try /r/outside. It'll do wonders. Don't forget the SPF 70.
Possession is 9/10 of the law, almost-Kanye.
&gt; ~~I travel to China on business every so often, but usually I'm residing in Southeast Portland with some friends.~~ &gt; I've ~~ran~~ **run** through abandoned hospitals in Detroit, repaired castles in Philadelphia, surfed in San Diego, and interviewed celebrities in Chicago~~, all before I was 24 years old~~. For the past six years I've been living in Asia. I taught English for a while, but then I started a business. &gt; Recently I made my way back to the US and started working on ~~everything~~ **business operations** from this end. ~~I'm currently taking advantage of globalization by working in trade/exports.~~ I feel all sorts of weird shame in being ~~the same capitalist pig~~ **a part of the capitalist machine** I swore I would never ~~become~~ **join**, but ~~then I look at life~~ **after living** in China, ~~and~~ ~~I'm reminded~~ **I'm realizing** that being an American **capitalist** ain't so bad. It was only a little douchey (e.g., stating that you did those things before you were 24 -- based on your current age and the fact that you'd been living in Asia for 6 years, they should be able to put it together themselves). I tried to cull some of that for you. You weren't very descriptive about your business to begin with, but this gives you an easy hook for someone to ask you about it.
She's 19 and looking for the answer she wants to hear. She'll keep posting until she finds it.
I'll just judge everything.
I hope you work from home.
Cheers! Hope it helps.
What was your first comment?
In any and every room...?
Quick match is the worst thing in the history of everness. Ignore it. Just message people you're interested in, put them out of your mind, and be pleasantly delighted if they happen to message back.
I think anyone who has ever felt love and subsequently found themselves *not* in love will respond in some degree of the following two ways: (1) either it's kind of like how women who have multiple children describe childbirth, in that their minds erase all of the pain of heartbreak (like the pain of labor) to experience all of the beauty that love has to offer again or (2) the heartache was so traumatizing that they can't imagine enduring it again, kind of like professional football players and concussions -- the next could be the one that ruins you forever, and any semblance of the life or happiness you once had could be gone.
The fact that other people are monsters doesn't change the fact that exes are usually exes for at least one significant reason.
Burn is mine. I don't know what that says about me. Probably that I'm angsty.
Not sure how you mean "just" (just as in "recent" or just as in "simply"?), but you should follow up ~3-6 months after spurts like that -- HIV can bet detected very quickly a lot of the time, but it takes longer to detect antibodies in some people.
I can check all of my lab results online, but my doctor apparently won't post anything STD related until she's talked to me about them first.
I like it when they have seemingly random items listed that add to a comfortable or enjoyable human existence. Examples include, but are not limited to, things like automatic ice makers, alarm clock coffee machines, and online banking.
[ba baaaaa, ba baaaaaaaaaaa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pphrk6wE5aw)
I find it more charming and creative. Everyone wants an ice-cold drink on a hot summer day, but does anyone want to be bothered with filling the ice trays? No one can live without coffee, but the truly dedicated are the ones who program it to brew five minutes before they wake up. And anyone who prioritizes online baking over waiting in line to chat with a surly bank teller, saving them precious minutes to hang with me instead, is a person after my own heart.
Everyone knows that brioche or pretzel buns prevail over ciabatta.
I'm just bitter, because I had a sandwich on ciabatta last night and it cut my delicate palate.
Mine is a long men's down bag, which I got because it was on mega clearance and I super needed a bag. It's rated to 15F, but since I'm a lady *and* I swim in it, I can only use it down to about 28-32F. Can't seem to justify buying a new one yet.
Having a comfy pad is more important than a comfy, squishy bag. I need to upgrade my tent waaaaay before I think about a new bag, though. Even when I split the poles/tent with someone else, it's a pain. Way too heavy for backpacking.
Foam pads hurt my hips so much. Lady problems. I do find that the more I exert myself, the better I sleep, but only to a certain point. I haven't found the tipping point yet, but super big days wreck me enough that I sleep horribly no matter if it's in a tent or in my bed. I had my eye on a Go Lite trekking pole supported tent a few years ago, but they went under. /sob I'll look into this one! Also, pro-tip: wrap some duct tape around a trekking pole before heading out. Great for minor pad/fly/tent repairs. If you don't always take poles, you should have a hard bottle like a Nalgene for hydration redundancy anyway -- you could wrap some around that instead.
There, there, poppet. You'll be okay in a proverbial minute.
I deleted my birthday from facebook because I was sick of generic messages from people who don't actually know/care about me, and I would prefer to keep my day more personal. Eventually, there are just so many people in our lives, and our own day-to-day can get so chaotic. Without calendar/phone reminders, I'd probably forget my best friend's birthday (especially because she lives far away, and she's not part of my daily life). Hope your birthday was okay otherwise! And if it's still your birthday, ask someone to grab a celebratory dessert/drink with you! #FELIZ CUMPLE!
I would be upset if a few key players in my life didn't wish me a happy birthday in some fashion or another, but if we're facebook friends and you don't have my phone number to shoot me a quick birthday text, we're probably not actually friends (so I don't really care).
Let's just talk about good stuff. Like hot springs.
Instagram messages are always creepy. Maybe she hasn't logged into Tinder because she's on vacation and not thinking about dating much. Have you tried messaging her there? It's possible she's had no reason to open the app.
It shows someone's name when they send a message. Maybe she's waiting for yours~
Sometimes you unmatch them, and they are salty enough to find you elsewhere. Best to just delete the entire internet.
Land whale/fattie checking in -- people of all shapes and sizes have success with online dating, the caveat being that depending on your standards/desires from potential matches and your location/number of options, you may have to be pretty patient in order to find what you're looking for. Statistics. If you don't get easily discouraged by occasional shitty behavior, faders, assholes, low number of options, messages sent without responses, et cetera, then there's no reason *not* to put yourself out there, regardless of where you currently are. Actually, if any of this dissuades you, you're probably not ready to date. No point in waiting until you're perfect. We're all works in progress, after all.
I think the poor behavior gets to everyone, at least to some degree. Most people take breaks from time to time, sometimes for a few days, other times for weeks or months. Ain't nothin' wrong with that. My self-work is kind of like how some sharks swim -- if I ever stop, I will die. Can't really wait until I'm done with the "working on myself" stuff before I start dating, because I'd be waiting forever. Maybe try dipping a toe back in to see how it feels.
Is seeking medication/therapy not working on yourself? Those things create significant changes in behavior, mood, and emotions. It might not be a "fix," but neither are insulin injections for diabetics.
Where do you think the extra pounds come from? For most people, excess weight is not the flaw, it's an external symptom of an internal flaw (often things like depression or anxiety). Losing weight might fix how attractive others perceive someone, but it won't necessarily fix the person.
Thanks for clarifying!
&gt; elegant inevitability this made me smile
Someone just unfaded on me, so I'm over here like: *????!!?!?!? go awayyyyyy* Meanwhile, I'm fading on another. What a beautiful world.
If Shrek can find love, so can you.
Have you tried Hush on Netflix? I'm not usually a fan of horror, but this is such a well-executed film.
It doesn't really use gimmicks that other films in the genre rely on. I also really like the representation of disability and its role as a plot device. It's more clever than most, though I admit that it's a teensy bit predictable at times.
In what world do women prefer to be called plump?
Here's a period for you to copy and paste: .
Fiona started to fall in love with Shrek while she was still a beautiful human princess.
Listen up, OP. Women like adventure, not handsome men.
/u/obfuscatorn, this is what I'm talking about.
*whoosh*
I mostly meant that I choose adventure over men. Men get in the way and whine about cold toes.
Mine are usually mutual. I don't sweat it too much.
idk, you kind of sound like an adorably entertaining trainwreck to me hot toddies all around!
If it helps, I responded to the last person who messaged me first and was way cuter than me with, "your hair is prettier than mine. This is never going to work." And then they somehow wound up in my bed. There's always hope. And more hot toddies.
Someone might find the weird endearing.
Maybe.
It's not for a couple of days, but thanks!
I would eat too much cheese and regret it the next day. Wine always goes untouched.
That's a decently big day! You deserve a drink and an early bedtime.
Sometimes people are just feeling you out in messages and hoping a little excitement that they might not actually find. Sometimes people don't get a ton of messages, so they feel like they should respond to whoever does message them, just to see. Sometimes people respond because you seem nice and it's a well thought out message, and they feel bad not responding even though they're not interested. You don't have to ask questions to have a conversation, though. I'd not discount messages that don't include them. That said, I'm easily disheartened by messages that don't engage me, whether they're a reply to my own message or they come to me unsolicited.
After 2-3 lackluster back and forths? Sure do. My brain needs to be fondled.
I'm very disappointing.
Your profile isn't bad, but it's not good, either. It doesn't show much personality at all (e.g., you tell the reader/potential match things about you that they should inevitably be able to deduce for themselves based on the things that you write). The six things section is one place where you can really let your creativity shine, and you left it out completely. You live in a place where fit dudes are a dime a dozen, and while your photos aren't bad, there's nothing that really sets you apart in the profile as a whole. It's kind of boring. In a place where women in your target demographic are scarce, you've really got to sell yourself. Example: you love all things science, art, and music. Instead of just saying that, maybe highlight one thing specifically that you like for each or an anecdote about each as it pertains to your life/interests. These would also play super nicely in the message me if section as potential date ideas (you want to go to X exhibit at the local art/science/whatever museum with me, you think it would be fun to go rock hounding at X geological site, et cetera).
A lady doesn't bang and tell.
I'd probably just want to be laying around with said soulmate, because I'm boring.
While you're not wrong, I prefer my interpretation.
company &gt; activity Every time.
That is beautiful color work.
omgsh ilu
Have you tried sending out messages instead of taking the passive approach?
You should marry him.
tbh, her attitude doesn't seem shitty to me. She seems frustrated, and from the looks of her post/comment history, she's probably relatively new to online dating.
Pinky promise it's not weird.
That is not what this post says.
Interesting interpretation.
You are a beautiful human.
He was so bored while waiting for his food that he fabricated a post even though he doesn't have much of a dating life right now. Then he updated us about what happened when his food arrived.
I would have broken down after three.
I know a girl who once made this claim in middle school. Everyone started calling her Queen LaQueefah (or just QLQ for short).
Are you well-practiced at receiving? I am shit at accepting most types of affection, but I am pretty good at giving it. Gotta work on that.
It's fine. You love me. That's all that matters.
I eat so fast. Once I finished my food a full 15 minutes before my date, and that was me eating slowly. No one needs to experience that on a first date.
This reminds me that a friend called a couple of years ago and left me a voicemail. I should call her back.
Interpretation, mostly. I love being teased, but sometimes I feel like the person is not being playful, they're just being an asshole. Sometimes I'm playfully teasing, and the other person thinks *I'm* the asshole. Bummer, but I don't get to decide how someone else feels.
You're still the sweetest peach on the tree.
You have such an adorably sweet smile.
Hi.
Step one: don't put squishable things in an envelope.
SHHHHHHH
Bless.
Have received, would accept packaging/shipping method again. *hint hint*
I'm gonna go into the mountains and drink Uinta's Birthday Suit tonight :D You are welcome to buy me a drink, but you are under no obligation. I am swimming in gin. Why did you think I was your ex?! I'm offended.
Wanna do a hat swap this time?!
It's really hard to grow without failure. You seem to be doing pretty okay.
They always schedule it that weekend in celebration of me, duh
I am for serious this time, too. Do you have color/fiber preferences?
I like when people demonstrate that they're excited about me, so I think you're being silly.
Literally same. I'll find something that compliments your mermaid hair~
omg, pls hold sending you a snap of what it looks like now
Don't tell me how to live my life.
&gt; I got wasted this weekend so I drove home with an open beer in my cupholder. If anyone hasn't told you within the last five minutes, you're a really shitty human. &gt;so I had to rappel up to my roof You don't rappel *up*, you fucktard.
&gt; is so morally reprehensible Ethically, too.
I dated a guy with Aspergers for a while. He was super sweet and intelligent.
I EXIST
yer mom
Stubborn, doesn't attach easily/unattaches easily, pretentious, insufferable know-it-all, etc etc etc
You make prettier pies than me.
Yeah, but I can never cook for you. I put onions in everything.
I wouldn't lie about your pie aesthetic.
You're not wrong.
Yeah, you're not getting the onion out of my food. I put like 1/2 an onion into my scrambled eggs. Don't get me started on actual dishes.
&gt; lack of drive to pursue things I want Didn't you lose a bunch of weight recently? We can't be driven in every aspect of life.
To be fair, this is still demonstrative of pursuing something you want. That said, since things aren't black and white I will permit you to claim this as a flaw.
A house divided.
&gt; Is this a good idea? Nooooo. Set some boundaries, man. You're clearly not okay with being friends with her, and she doesn't want you romantically -- she dumped you. &gt; I'm pretty lonely, and I want her to miss me. Do you want *her* to miss you, or do you just want someone to miss you? There's nothing wrong with being lonely -- it happens to all of us. You're not going anywhere with this one, though. Take a break from dating or date some other people, but whatever you do, definitely take a break from interacting with this girl.
This particular woman also marked that women have an obligation to shave their legs...?!
[Desert flowers are some of the most beautiful, bud.](http://imgur.com/a/DlGan)
&gt; I am a size queen about my mountains tho Have you missed me rolling my eyes at you?
That first one is *yucca angustissima* and is one of my very favorites. It grows well up here, a lot of my neighbors use it as an ornamental, too.
*chirp chirp*
Excuse you, we have ultra-prominent peaks!
My eyes are going to hurt so much. This is cruel and unusual punishment.
&gt; bumped by a cow Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
&gt; and her English was actually good Bar's set so low you could roll over it
Mormons have this! It's called singles ward. Just convert to Mormonism, OP.
Are you sure you're not already Mormon? This sounds like a home visit. Are you wearing a white button-down shirt and a black tie right now? Have you heard about our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?
[You raaaaang?](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0306069/)
It really sucks when we put ourselves out there to meet new people and the *uggos* have the audacity to message us. What nerve.
I wish I didn't have eyes so I couldn't see *them*.
Tomato, tomato.
The first is too grainy/close up, and in the car selfie you look miserable. Other than that, you're adorable and I support the rest (though I would limit those that include others to 1-2 -- you should be the focus).
&gt; I prefer smiles with teeth I am a lady, and I agree. It's a cute selfie, though.
Too late. I already gauged out my eyes.
Yes, this is so much better. A+.
Just let me and /u/hiddenmuenster make it for you
Oh, nevermind. I got excited and thought you were making a Tinder profile.
Yeah, dude.
&lt;3
That's a cute photo of you, but dear *god* that poor child looks absolutely terrified.
I'm fat and super active. I mostly just want someone to play outside with me. Nothing sounds worse than sitting at home all the time.
I think people genuinely want someone who will enjoy doing the things that they enjoy. To some people, active means gym rat. I dabble in gym life when air quality is bad, but generally speaking, I don't need a spotter, so a super fit gym rat isn't appealing to me either. If you know someone into backcountry skiing, though, I could definitely use someone who knows how to find a body under an avalanche debris path and can dig it out in a timely fashion.
My main mission is life is to provide your butt with the fiber it deserves.
Probably. I know of bagel shops outside of NYC that have done this. (Source: father is professional bagel baker.) Salt Lake has good water for bagels, tho.
I will take you there! It's so pretty. I promise not to let you die.
What about girls with camaros?
Oh, stop.
YOU DON'T EVEN GO HERE
He's not trying to be mean, he's saying that dating is hard and sort of soul crushing, and chances seem bleak for a lot of people. The "I feel ready," moment is different for everyone, and for some people it never really comes at all. Dating can be very uncomfortable, and it requires that you put yourself out of your comfort zone and ready yourself for rejection, because for almost everyone, rejection is inevitable. Men tend to put in most of the initial effort in dating (e.g., messaging first, asking someone out first, etc), so they statistically get rejected more (either by receiving actual rejections, getting no response, or dealing with bots/fake profiles).
I looked through your post history, and you're very brave. I'm sorry that you've been treated so poorly in the past. If you feel up to trying again, there's no reason not to. And just so you know, men in your age range tend to have a harder time, too. Try not to take things too personally.
I hate when their voices get soft and cutesy, too. Shut *up*. That is not your voice.
Clover establishes and grows quickly. Wildflowers here (and in many places!) grow in harsh environments (e.g., alpine and desert) and take years to establish. Picking them destroys microecosystems that little critters/pollinators rely on. See [here](http://www.fs.fed.us/wildflowers/ethics/) and [here](http://www.wildflowerconservancy.org/p/guidelines.html?m=1). It's also illegal to pick them in a lot of places (e.g., all public lands [federal] in the US and it's been illegal to pick pick wildflowers in Great Britain since the 1980s).
&gt; smile for me I KNOW WHAT HE REALLY MEANT NOW /sobs
Then I support! But only a few. Otherwise you're moving from cute to creepy.
I'm suddenly aroused.
\^title of the new Chris Carrabba album
Crooked smiles are my super favorite. They're idiosyncratic and charming.
That's adorable.
Show, don't tell.
Oh my god, with teeth is a panty peeler
I fell, and it was [swell](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RtH02InlKP4)
And now, class, let's learn about confirmation bias.
Depends. What kind of pet is it? There used to be a girl here with a pet squirrel. That would definitely work.
You are sooooo quiet.
That's sounds like something I would have said, yes. WE DIDNT EVEN HUG
Loquacious Accident prone
That is grammatically correct, though some people would argue that it would be more elegant if you interrupted the repeated words with another (e.g., "I actually thought about this question this week"). It's a stylistic preference more than anything.
Candy sets at different temperatures for different consistencies (e.g., chewy versus hard), so you use a candy thermometer (a glass thermometer that you can clip to a pot) to determine with precision when to remove your boiling sugar concoction from heat. I used a [Bon Appetit recipe](http://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/bourbon-sea-salt-caramels) I found, but I added vanilla beans and an extra tbsp of bourbon, and I heated to ~243F instead of 240F (pretty much just between the lines for 240F and 245F). I think I'd add two extra tbsp of bourbon next time.
Oh, yeah. Don't try candy. Boiling sugar dropped all over your person would be at least mildly traumatic.
I think I can handle your love.
Like pretty chocolates with fillings? Chocolate is melted to a specific temperature/consistency (called tempering), because if it goes any higher than that, it will [bloom](https://danthechemist.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/fatbloom.jpg). Problems with the temperature in your chocolate range, but [tempered chocolate](http://eatthinkbemerry.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/tempering-chocolate-18.jpg) looks glossy and almost like it hasn't set yet. You don't bake it, though. You melt the chocolate and dip things in it or line a small candy wrapper, let it set, fill it, and then top if off with some more melted chocolate. Pretty chocolates take a lot of time.
No, I just dabble in confections. Chocolate is fun, but it's messy and it takes forever. One Valentine's day, I made white chocolate PB cups, dark chocolate PB cups, [truffles](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/1168683_557293631029817_826934507_n.jpg), coconut filled chocolates, and [rummy vanilla bean cremes](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/11236222_1101667476513726_155921151_n.jpg) -- it took me like 8 hours total. [Marshmallows](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/10802484_791129010925858_1796208248_n.jpg) are fun and quick, though. So were the [caramels](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e35/13381020_1772825032964378_998206884_n.jpg). I prefer making things that involve lots of gluten and/or butter: [breads](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/11258084_1448839792080461_872955987_n.jpg), [cupcakes](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e35/13099012_235985550097742_1753319698_n.jpg), [bagels](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/10665449_274644312732983_143702414_n.jpg), [croissants](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/10475206_747053835345890_1469545895_n.jpg), [etc](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/1170615_176411509229437_694596518_n.jpg).
I made [tacos](https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e35/13256716_139786096442437_1573167324_n.jpg) last night! You should have come over.
STOP HIJACKING MY FANTASY Actually. No. You can stay.
You make prettier pies, let me have this.
Nah, I'm in Utah. We don't have knife edges quite that pretty. This was the [Pfeifferhorn](http://images.summitpost.org/medium/453964.jpg), but without snow.
I was going to offer to send you some caramels the next time I make them.
I make myself better for me, improvements in dating are a perk.
They were blackened tilapia, but I think they'd also be nice with tempeh.
Sometimes when I am thinking of someone and I can't/shouldn't talk to them for whatever reason, I make a donation to their favorite charity/organization instead.
That sounds horrible. You know, in Utah the mountains are so close that you could leave work, backpack for a night, hike out in the morning, and still make it to work at a reasonable hour. I'm probably not helping.
Ideally, we'd be on our way to Portillo for some skiing.
All fun things! But skiing is way more fun than glissading, especially if you're glissading because you accidentally sent your ski careening down the mountain when you were switching from tour to ski mode and you need to go fetch it.
I was doing laps that day, so I was bound to resummit anyway. Also, I just got [this](http://i.imgur.com/PJmyeLN.png) in my work e-mail. Goodbye, cruel world.
Ohhh, that's extra fun.
I hate puppies.
Do you have a removable shower head?
Yeah, you're the worst.
Remind me never to send you treats.
You're a sweetie.
&lt;3
jfc, you poor thing. I'll be praying for you.
I like academically-minded outdoorsy types, which is surprisingly hard to find in a world of ski/fire bums. I also like when people are better at feelings than me, which is pretty much everyone. So.
You're saucy. I like you.
I would have giggled at this.
Once a guy sent me some really horrible copypasta, and I shouldn't have responded to him, but I didn't know any better. He gave me some spiel about how hard men have it, and then he told me to take the stick out of my yoga-pants-wearing ass. When I politely told him it wasn't a stick but rather a butt plug, he suddenly wanted to date me again.
I mean, I cackled. He said something about wanting to screen shot our interaction to show his friends. I told him to go for it. Then he asked me if I wanted to play 20 questions with him. Pass.
I have far too many give-aways. Do I know who you are? Your post history is too short.
[*cough*](http://cosmouk.cdnds.net/14/44/1414785633-tumblr_mnfcmmqg8s1s03tapo1_500.gif)
We just missed each other! I really like your /u, tho
ty!
Oh, this sounds fun.
Bless your heart, you sweetling. I'd drink a mojito with you.
I'm academically-minded, and I wouldn't go to grad school again, either.
*ugh*
Who's Brenna?
*Finally*, I get a touring and mountaineering partner that doesn't go into the backcountry alone and/or ignore injuries for months on end!
If it helps, I still don't know.
Inquisitive, curious, analytical, etc. I wouldn't do grad school again because I love the ability to put in my 40 hours and go home. If I could have academia without the stress of publish-or-perish, that would be my jam. I love research.
Who?
Sorry, I have to go look at new packs now. ttyl
You can be academically minded about things other than your field of study. A job is a job, it doesn't have to be a passion. Lord, you should here me talk about baking chemistry sometime.
I like what I do, but most of the time it's mundane. I'm only HOLY SHIT SO EXCITED about 10-20% of the time. But my job also gets me sweet prodeals, I have a flexible schedule, my coworkers and bosses are all mountain people (and encourage me to go play), and I live close enough to the mountains that I can get in an 8 hour work day, 4-5 hours of skiing, and a full night's rest, and sometimes it sends me on work trips to Southeast Asia (and hopefully sometime soon to South America!). If you ask me, that's pretty sweet. I can deal with the mundane when everything else is going so well. PS -- I would patronize the shit out of that pizza place.
Oil?
BE SOCIAL COME PLAY, BUZZKILL
I was trying to give her interim ideas since she's currently without a vibrator and hasn't bought a new one yet.
*yawn*
Sorry I never came to LA. I know you're heart broken over it.
I forgive you if you forgive me.
Hashtag: nudes
Well now I'm blushing
Oh, I remember that I have a crush on you, I just don't know who you are aside from that.
You're cute. My account was born a few days ago, but I wasn'ttttt.
I have marked down 3-5 dates with the explanation "2-3" for how long I *usually* wait to have sex. I also have marked yes for the would you consider sleeping with someone on a first date question, because while it's not my norm, I'd consider it depending on the person. The two questions/answers don't necessarily conflict.
what are you even saying
TIL: the quantity of facebook friends I have means that I am an unpopular uggo.
I permanently deleted and started from scratch, pleb.
To be fair, this was when I was in grad school, I think, which was a handful of years ago. I could probably do with some more culling. Now my friends consist of family, a good selection of college and grad school friends, bloggers, and redditors. Which makes me like... super *duper* cool.
Ugh, yeah. I forgot about games.
Can we make this less listy and more quippy? Lists = no personality. "Making it to the front of a concert" could be adjusted to something like, "masterfully threading through the masses at concerts to get to the front; don't lose my hand, or you might get lost in the shuffle" or somesuch. It's also a little more engaging and makes it so that a potential match imagines actually doing something with you.
I see "using my turn signals" a lot, and the other things are a wee bit (very) vague. Seems lazy, but if the other sections are well-fleshed, it's maybe okay to be a little lazy.
[k](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/ppc/images/d/d9/Spock_tos_and_reboot.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130807150733)
jfc, this cannot be real life
No matter how many times I tell you that my dates on OKC tend to be super shitty, you always come back to this one Tinder date I was clearly incompatible with. Stay on OKC as long as you want, but the number of users is paltry compared to Tinder here. I have had so many good Tinder dates.
Condom mishap. I wasn't on birth control and made a tasteless joke about him not needing to worry, and worst case scenario, if I got pregnant I'd just abort it and never tell him. Aside from his initial reaction to my shitty joke, he actually handled it pretty well and recanted with a, "sorry, it's your body."
No, he fears literally everything.
It's your bubble, do what you want in it.
The post said *secrets*.
Keep it up, champ.
I know a couple of girls currently on a 500 mile hike from France to the coast of Spain. We could do that?
Hi :) Happy [insert day of the week here]! How's life treating you today? [comment on something in photo] [comment on something in bio] [random anecdote that is marginally related to something in their profile] [your favorite emoji] [literally anything]
Real problem: why on earth do smart women care about men who would discount them for their intelligence?
(or they're not actually smart)
Touche.
&gt; If they feel that it holds them back from finding the relationship they're looking for, then why wouldn't they care? Valid. I guess I would just rather be single than date people who were uninterested in my intelligence. But we're all looking for different things. You're right.
something about mountains
Why do you keep calling yourself an uggo? Do you own eyes? Something about mountains and pizza.
[hey girl hey](bye felipe)
Make sure you get the margaritas, though.
We can't *both* forget everything.
I have no idea, actually -- I'm piggybacking on a blog friend's girls' trip. I'm bringing my person and a backpack and flying into Fairbanks for 10 days of play. Seemed like a good idea.
Probably all of the things, tbh
That makes me feel special and unattainable.
&gt; I once got in deep shit for opening and drinking Brandi Carlile's specially-requested bottle of wine in her green room. omgsh -- did she have to settle for something else? What happened?
One of my good friends found me based on my height, so I think it's pretty great.
I have time.
This doesn't make sense, because physical geographers have very little to do with rocks. We do, as a people, love beer, tho. I'm a remote sensing scientist, and I mainly work on landscape scale temperate forest ecosystems.
Ha, I made a comment to someone else here about Darn Tough. Those socks give me life. I was actually in Boulder a few weeks ago for the first time. Missed opportunities.
I used to weigh like 235 lbs, so I get it. But just like bodies, brains don't change over night, and changing how we perceive ourselves takes active work. I pinky promise you're not ugly, though.
For someone with no field experience, you seem real judgmental.
Duh yes to bear spray and bugs! It's will be unpleasantly delightful, I'm sure.
Holy cow! That is a serious drop in a short amount of time. Good for you.
Look back at that "joke" Maybe explain to me where it's funny instead of just dickish/judgmental...?
Welp. That was totally lost on me. Apologies for my confusion/misinterpretation!
Historically about 2.5 years to fall in, 9 months to fall out. *n* of 1, though, so take that with a grain of salt.
&gt; not that you're unaware of what we do I'm a lot more aware of the spectral response of burned areas in the near and mid infrared wavelengths.
Excess weight is such a large motivator for climbers. Makes total sense.
[i'm 2 pretty 4 u](https://moltin.com/files/large/cb5c8b15f24cb55)
He typed, "hahahaha" or something of the sort.
My beard was very luscious. It won a beard growing competition, actually.
Missed opportunity to link a plum or a bunch of grapes, dude.
My boobs are way too big for binding. Pinky promise not to try it.
I don't know who anyone is anymore, but most of you seem pretty okay.
I think it's great that we jokingly came up with your nickname drinking iced coffees and eating lychee on the beach in Vietnam, then I started casually using it on the sub, and now it's how everyone identifies you. It's weird and uncomfy when I talk about you IRL and I have to use your real name, but people tend to look at me real funny when I talk about Nyms. Also, I never told you this, but back when you were the bees knees, I was sad when you deactivated and I had no way of getting in touch with you. Super glad we remedied that.
I'm not *that* horrible.
Remember when I called you Jeremy in my head even though your /u clearly says Kyle? I'm the worst.
And your true motives are revealed.
I live in a weird place, so I have atypical experiences (I'm pretty sure). I'm a big fan of Tinder, though, and all but one time that I've found a Tinder match on OKC later, we've been low 90s matches. The one exception was like a 54%. Can't win 'em all.
I mean, it's not *all* Mormons. SLC is about 40/60 non-LDS/LDS; the rest of the state is the inverse. LDS culture definitely permeates a lot of the dating world, though, and people tend to state whether or not they're Mormon outright (because it's so important). Pair that with outdoorsy photos and a witty line or two, and generally it's easy for me to find people I match well with. A lot of people here seem to use OKC as a fallback when they don't find success on Tinder, so I find profiles on OKC of people I've already messaged/dated 3-6 months after the fact. It's definitely a weird place.
Met Nyms in Hanoi And stuffed pastry in her mouth; She had bad egg breath.
Ugly laugh; cackle. Reluctantly upvoted. You deserved this one.
I think I just fell a little more in love with you.
It's so great!
This sounds miserable. Why?
&gt; actors leaving Hamilton truly important current news When Hamilton gets to SLC in 2 years (!!!), none of the originals will remain. I am at peace with this, because I get to see Hamilton.
Have you read Patrick Rothfuss?
You're still seeing it like 18 months before me, soooo
I haven't opened everything in her package yet, but there are light-up jelly rings and what appear to be tiaras.
I am always skeptical of film adaptations, but they occasionally turn out well. The cast for American Gods looks intriguing, so I remain hopeful!
Depends. If the animal is threatened/endangered and sedated, don't take any photos, and put yourself in time out. If it's a domesticated animal and weighs more than 100% more than you, you can probably consider riding it.
They cycle through and remove the stuff that no one buys, which is great when you're looking for expensive outdoor gear. Not so great for glitter. If it makes you feel any better, the only glittery thing I have are shoes, and I can't wear them. So.
I think it would look cuter if you were cutting the pie.
When I was in the Philippines, my friend only took photos of me in the center of the photo. They were all horrible, and she was amazed that I was able to get such good photos of her in literally the same places. She's pretty, she didn't know any better. Which reminds me that it's been like 9 months, and I should probably upload the photos somewhere so she can have them.
You can't have any, you only get bagels.
It's gonna be like that scene in Se7en. I promise you, it won't be pretty.
"haka no naka ni nani ga arimasu ka?" But in Japanese, they actually use a lot of borrowed words, so instead of haka, they'd probably actually use "bokkusu" which they borrowed from English. Anyway, I always giggle when I think about Brad Pitt screaming, "WHAT'S IN THE BOOOOX?" in a Japanese-dubbed version. Wouldn't flow quite as nicely.
idk, have you ever seen True Romance? I wanted to kick Brad Pitt in the mouth in that one.
It's not fun when all of my move references are lost on you. Think of my plight.
IM LISTENING TO SCIENCE FRIDAY, SO ITS OKAY
So you're saying you're not a mind reader? This sounds like a lot of work. I reference Firefly a lot, but that's not a movie. Mean Girls comes up a lot, too.
hi, you're adorable and so is that dress
Yeah, girl. Yeah.
I really thought you were a woman. Huh.
Personal fav.
Is butter a carb?
Alluvium-level.
You know, I have no clear reason why, it's just how I've always imagined you. I kind of pictured a leggy woman strutting across an urban street in heels. I should probably pay more attention.
Ugh, he doesn't even go here.
I am approached maybe once a year in person. Why give up on online dating instead of just taking a break from actively looking/messaging/dating/sitting around waiting for your inbox to fill up?
I wonder if your location has something to do with your frequent burn out (e.g., not many matches, thereby decimating the dating options pretty quickly)...? How long are the breaks you're taking? Are you actively messaging the people you're interested in? How are your photos/profile/messages?
That's a huge bummer. Without seeing your profile/messages and trusting that you're not committing any of the online dating sins we see frequently (and people are normally oblivious to), it might just be your location. You get tons of positive messages, but are those turning into dates? If not, have you been able to pinpoint a reason why (e.g., I live in an area with lots of transient outdoorsy folk moving from city to city based on season, so messaging goes well, but it's hard to pin those types down for an actual date -- I tend to avoid them now)? I'd think that even in a college town, there'd be more than just unruly undergrads -- are academics/university staff/grad students not viable options?
Have you considered moving?
Maybe expand your search radius to include a near-ish city?
I haven't met you, but I get the feeling that you're just so sweet that no one thinks your intentions are anything other than friendly. I have a really hard time differentiating between when someone is just being extra friendly to me and when they're flirting with me, sometimes even on dates. You probably need to work on being a little more obvious. Maybe more touching?
I can't wait to see you guys at Red Rocks.
The [Mal Mal Uprising](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mau_Mau_Uprising)
Patience, pumpkin.
Are you *still* reading A Song of Ice and Fire?!
More smiley dudes for meeeee.
don't listen to them, bb
:DDDDDDD
That looks like a bagel, and it is not mine. I'm offended.
Asymmetry is the loveliest.
Did someone say you look like Edward Norton?!
Excuse you, I'm a monger. /u/hiddenmuenster is the [glitter] monster. You're the princess.
He sounds like a douchecanoe.
I was most recently [Lady of Sundial](). HAVE FUN!
omgsh, the sub cannot call me Brenny. Only in private, Kylo.
The store bought bagel is the offensive part! It's a TRAVESTY. I guess you probably needed calories, though. I just ate fruit leather and white cheddar cheez-its, and some Oreo thins (because I take my health so seriously).
It's kind of my natural state.
And Oreo THINS. If you can make pizza dough, you can make bagels, dudesie. Just a couple of ancillary steps.
Did you find any gold?
Poor excuse, you're talking to one of the most ungraceful humans on the planet.
Well done, now all I want to do in life is boop your nose.
&gt; snowboarding And to think I was warming up to you.
What?
Huh?
Annnnnd, you're back in my good graces. I'm planning ski day 43 for next weekend, and I am GIDDY.
&gt; No matter which way I go or what I do, I hurt people. Unfortunately, that's part of being human. We do the best we can, but we can't ever make everyone happy.
A few weeks ago, a friend of a friend (who I've skied with a few times) was testing a cam he'd just placed, and it failed. Then he lost his other handhold and fell 50'. Ended up breaking and dislocating both feet. Luckily he's an outdoor wilderness therapy guide and was with a bunch of friends who are the same, so they managed to get him down the couple of pitches he'd already climbed and in a place where SAR could get to him. Redundancy is important, and gyms aren't safe places where you can let your guard down, either.
Lots of surgery in his immediate past/future, but he's not dead, so that's a plus. Please and thank you! Being maimed by the mountains isn't a good look on anyone.
Probably gonna start a knitted thing for /u/okeydokeycupid, because adorable. Also, I should catch up on some writing or something.
I'm pretty sure I have the perfect yarn for you in my stash, I just have to find a pattern / find the energy to develop a pattern to go with it.
A lot of people who aren't HBO subscribers end up watching it with friends.
Have you considered that these (and all) women don't care how you feel?
I've seen some god damn sexy mirror selfies in my day.
&gt; to me I think we're on to something here.
Doing the [lord's]() work over here.
Go forth and conquer.
*gasp* Beautiful flower.
Bagels, backpacking, skiing, soccer. Mostly just bagels, though.
PASTRY YES
This reminds me that I need to dig out my True North t-shirt.
I absolutely do not want to be in a long distance relationship. nopenopenope
&gt; I need to figure out what was right about that one and &gt; I need somebody who matches my communication style ...?
It's a 1000' snowfield, you goober. And it's a 4900' ascent. FYI.
Ha, just checking to see if it was the obvious. Most sex problems are communication problems.
The plan is to build a jump at the edge of the lake, so she won't do much water skiing.
You're living life right, for sure.
I like that in your snap, you were like, "SMELLS SO GOOD," and you lifted the lid of the crockpot as if we could smell it. Monster.
Thank god I don't live there any more. I will take Mormons any day.
How's your day going?
I am a heathen and am indifferent to the shows and unimpressed by the writing in the books. Sorry.
Sorry, I've been in a meeting...?
I generally prefer to spend my time alone, but that can be horrific when I am heartbroken. I end up staring at walls in the dark and crying into bowls of Fruity Pebbles. Being around other people, especially ones who don't know that I'm hurting / aren't actively trying to comfort me, make my brain stop. I can focus on something other than me. It's nice. But I totally understand that it's not for everyone.
Should we start planning December brunch now? We can start planning now.
It's okay, I have some tools that could take you down a notch or two.
When someone comes across as super confident in their profile / through text, and then I meet them and they've got bad posture and are super reserved and clearly very nervous / insecure, I lose my lady boner pretty fast.
&gt; Do i just suck it up or is it kind of irresponsible to stay friends with someone you're in love with? It's not irresponsible if that's what she want to do, but it doesn't exactly leave her emotionally available for a relationship with you.
Alternately titled, "women who have never seen season 4 of Orange is the New Black"
I don't even like burritos.
At least you know I wouldn't eat them incorrectly. I'd just eat something else instead. Probably incorrectly, but whatever.
It's a lot of people.
It's not so much that, more like: if you're going to be forward/flirtatious over text and then not even look me in the eye when we're talking? Pass.
They don't use "haha" or "lol" as punctuation, they don't speak ill of themselves or downplay accomplishments, they accept compliments, they don't ask if I might maybe possibly wanna do something sometime, etc etc etc
Thanks, I clearly need to be more up to date with my panty sniffing.
Was he trying to demonstrate his Boston accent? Like how Irvine Welsh spelled words to force you to read them with a certain accent in Trainspotting?
I would have done that;; too.
&gt; don't even get me started on that whole "women and children first" nonsense It's like they don't even care about the puppies.
&gt; She is constantly on okcupid, i'm not trying to stalk but whenever i check she is on This always baffles me... like... you're on, too? Even if it's just checking to see if she's on, maybe she's doing the same thing. Communication like that would have me just noping out. It's probably too early to have a conversation about mismatched communication/textings styles, and I can't see a way in which bringing it up would go over well. Sounds like she's fading, I'd just let her do her thing.
Mine is also labeled as more suave. If you knew me, it would confirm that these things are bullshit.
No one even knows what my job is. /sob
I guess we should probably date. Sigh.
We have to show them the way. Together.
Your reputation on the sub. Basically, "people know enough about me that I don't need to post a profile/photos."
Kids these days.
I bet /u/cheapskatie has a thought on the matter
I've seen plenty of, "if you made it this far, message me with my favorite ____ to let me know" or similar bullshit. Pass.
Your pixie gives me life. So does your face.
I've seen it in both men's and women's profiles.
Bi people have a tendency to look at both.
Yeah, the hand holding came after other stuff. Holding hands makes me uncomfy.
I meant emotionally feely. I fucking love hugs.
Atta girl.
Nahhh, clammy hands aside, it's emotionally uncomfy for me. Too vulnerable and scary.
I tend to mind my own business. Even when someone very close to me was in an abusive relationship, I didn't offer my opinion outright. I asked her pointed questions that allowed her to voice her feelings and help her come to her own conclusions and decisions without my naysaying.
EXCUSE YOU. I have no shame, but I do have a filter. Most of the time.
No, and to be honest, doing everything first is so goddamn exhausting. I like a little volleying.
My hero.
&gt; I think part of it is that I can't invite girls back to my place, since it's very obviously a couples' apartment, so I have to rely on the girl to invite me back to hers. If you're in an open relationship, you should be upfront with the women you're dating, and it shouldn't be an issue. Mark off casual sex and short term dating. If women aren't interested / think you're a creep, don't trick them into fucking you because you're a "nice guy" and you are "genuinely interested" -- having to resort to smoke and mirrors to get laid proves that you're neither of those things.
I invited that goober hiking this weekend, and he just rolled his eyes at me. He hates mountains.
It like... tracked along the bumper and then slid into the gutter near the end of the lane. I defy physics. You should see me ski.
You can throw balls at me, though. *WINK*
Pics or it didn't happen.
* PK = Princess Kyle * GM = Glitter Monster * TM = Tree Monger [I'm TM](http://i.imgur.com/oU9tu95.jpg)
I will take this under advisement, but apparently the tendons surrounding my femur are forever fucked.
I'M NOT SQUIRMING, YOU'RE SQUIRMING
ded
Response: "fuck you, we do what we want." They're not very friendly.
RUDE.
Better slow than too fast! I can't tell you how many accidents I've seen by reckless drivers on mountain roads.
I dance to the beat of my own drummer, princess.
My date gave me a book on Monday, and he thought I would enjoy it so much that he told me he didn't care if he got it back. It's called [Machine Man by Max Barry](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6634696-machine-man), so I guess that's an option. [Freedom of the Hills](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/118565.Mountaineering) is my favorite bed time / morning coffee book.
I got excited about Matterhorn until I realized it wasn't about the mountain in Europe.
Promising? I already have a book. I won.
I don't know how you don't already have it. My ski buddy was swooning over it in a mountaineering shop once, but he said it was too expensive. I bought him a hardcover copy for his birthday, because knots are important.
Eeee! I don't ever like looking up things about the books people recommend to me (dust jackets and reviews are poor representations and often contain spoilers), but I'm always glad to hear that the books I'm given/told to read are esteemed by others.
My friends switched our ski-adventure from Monday to Sunday, so now it's less logical for me to go backpacking this weekend, as I would only get one night in the backcountry. Sigh. Maybe next weekend.
I mean, you're prettier than most, but that's not really the same.
Oh, I'm just greedy. I'm going on a ten day trip to Alaska in the not-too-distant future. :D
If you're feeling slightly sick, perhaps it's better to have a weekend up puppy cuddles...? The universe is looking out for you. Maybe.
COME TO SALT LAKE
Bring dog, I have a doggy door and an upstairs neighbor who loves dogs.
*eyeroll*
[planning intensifies]
...
On the plus side, I've actually sent you treats, so I've kinda fulfilled a fantasy for you. That's neat.
I had a sex dream about you! You were really great.
I don't remember a dream, but I do remember your delts.
One time I was wearing matching black lace and the dude I was with didn't even notice. So much was wasted on him.
You actually use super like? I just swipe and pray.
You're the actual worst.
Do you feel better?
Have you *seen* black lace?! It's like you hate happiness.
You are going to go so far in life. Have another cookie.
Wow, you're an asshole. Go sit in a corner and think about what you've done.
This sounds like a super fun date. Hope you get a second!
Bless your heart.
Probably not a woman, eh?
&gt; I like the way this is going. Which way? Me making you fat so I feel better about myself?
I have no idea if you even know what I look like, but I will reiterate: you will go far in life. Have another cookie.
jfc, I'm setting a reminder for when I am not at work. I am worse than /u/JMer806
cackle
I am a woman, and I have no feelings.
&gt; Emotionless sex robots Please don't tell anyone that I am dating now or in the future. They need to find out when the time is right for *them*.
LANAAAAAA Yeah, I think people figure out that I'm an emotionally devoid sex-fiend pretty quickly. I should work on that.
Have sex with women instead. We *definitely* won't use you for sex.
At least 17.
You're *way* sluttier than me. I should have known.
I *imagine* it would be scary. I don't want to experience fear.
That's because I tell ridiculous stories no one should ever be telling, and my candor makes people so shocked that, not knowing what else to do, they laugh. *"Oh my gaaaawddddd, this girl is craaaaaaazyyyyyyy"*
I'll save up some stories for you.
My favs are 3, 5, 8, 9, and 13. I like 13 times 13, actually.
I'd wear my Super Woman unders for you~
[Not the silliest, but my current FB profile pic]() -- we had a girls' spa day at Havasu Falls. Even dirtbag backpackers deserve luxury.
why are you wearing a puffy, it's hotter than hades you nutter
five was unexpected and made me ugly laugh
I've been meaning to bring my Snuggie into the office. Also, I keep a puffy vest there, so I can't really judge at all.
exponential ugly laugh
looooord, show me how to say no to this
found the one person not obsessed with Hamilton
HI Just like... a minute or so.
Like me?
Pretty location, but full of people with no respect for the landscape. I'd never do it again because I'm a snob, but if you're the kind of person that doesn't get into wildlands very much, you'd probably really enjoy it. The hike wasn't too strenuous for me, but I hike a lot. On the way in, there are some switchbacks that people complain about (which are worse on the way out, because you're tired and you're going up), but the majority of the hike is pretty flat. You can also make it easier by paying to have a burro carry most of your stuff into town while you carry a day pack. Still, 10 miles from the trailhead to the first set of falls can be daunting, especially in heat.
You're missin' out, boo. But I feel you.
My Arc'teryx puffy is my fav. /snob
the first one oh god what is this sound emanating from my person
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Your hair is prettier than mine. This is bullshit.
Just when I think I can't fall more in love with you
I love pancake faces so much.
I mean, my puffy vest is plaid Patagonia, soooo... Also, I just grabbed a MH layer at a thrift store for $6! This is the life.
I wear my plaid puffy vest with extra plaid underneath and a plaid scarf to up my mountain appeal. It's just some random hooded pull over with thumb holes. Super comfy, but not exceptionally warm or handy. But $6.
This is p much me
We don't even have a height requirement!
*scribbles notes*
I don't wear it if I'm touring, but if it's 20F or below and I'm resort skiing, I need it. If I'm touring and it's 20F+, I could probably just do with ski pants, a long sleeve baselayer for skinning, and add a hardshell for skiing. I haven't toured colder than that yet, but I don't imagine it will change much. Maybe throw in a softshell during climbs.
You're acting really beta, man
How are you being picky? What didn't you like about these dudes that you didn't want to give them another hour or two of your time? The spark some people talk about is awesome when it's there, but I don't think you should discount people because you don't feel it immediately. Slow burns are super great, too.
It's not a particularly comfortable part, and I don't like it very much either. That's life, though.
Three years ago, I decided that the best use of my 4th of July would be to carry an American flag to the top of Freedom Peak. [U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A]() PS -- It was really hot, and I wanted to die. Or get a Slurpee.
&gt; too patriotic does not compute
&gt; enough patriotism does not compute
I mean, it's Utah. The bald eagles just fly about all willy nilly. Because *freedom*.
This is amazing
Your music line continues to be one of my favorite things.
Seconded!
It only had drop offs of a couple hundred feet on either side of the knife edge. NBD.
Was probably an intranet site, it wouldn't work outside of my network. Copy and pasting is hard. I never claimed to be smart.
Fine, *I'm* slightly above average and have the same thing happen all the time.
Bring board games to a coffee shop or something. Scrabble can be a nice long date!
Some people aren't looking to meet anyone, they're just bored or need a pep in their step from your validation. Message another cutie who's less busy.
&gt; b unit jfc
[eyeroll] ps -- it was the other's birthday yesterday, so wish her a happy belated tonight
I don't know why you're trying to scare the poor girl.
If anything, poor sexual education is to blame.
append "sweet mountain" or gtfo
paging /u/nymzcity
*shudder*
Surprising no one
