Owens promo was brilliant. Cena's promo was good until Cena hit Owens with the "your words aren't fight Owens fight...your words are never give up" Basically: just like I inspire your son, I inspire you too
Some people are just always gonna have a stick up their ass about Cena. He's a super hero. He gives hope. Kevin Owens is almost a man because he doesn't believe in superheroes. He doesn't believe in unconditional hope...which is what children do. It's fairy tales vs reality.
Cena wasn't calling him a bitch because of some perceived physical inadequacy. Cena is calling Owens a bitch because Owens has a problem with giving hope and believing in fairy tales
I'm ready to spend 10 hours of my life clearing out the metro tunnels to see if they're all connected
No thanks. Currently have that situation with the flyers. Having guys who are past their prime and preventing new guys from getting playing time is a hindrance. All time eagle. Perfectly timed departure
They were high on Jarret. It didn't work out
If chambers ever figures out how to keep Philly guys from going to Cuse and go to State, PSU has a chance. As it stands now, I don't think Penn State gets close unless they can get guys like the Morris bros
I find it a bit worrisome that eagles fans have to demonize someone and just can't accept that he left. Bring on the downvotes. Dude just wanted to get paid and went to the highest bidder. He can still be one of the best eagles of all time and the guy who left for money
Wasn't a reference to you. Was reference the downvotes I'm getting for speaking the truth
Andy MacDonald and Lecavalier. MacDonald was a terrible contract but Lecavalier is the risk you run with a guy like Dawkins. If you pay them, and they are past their prime, it's a terrible contract that ways you down and prevents you from developing younger guys.
Macdonald definitely held back a guy like Gus (but I guess the flyers mismanaged Gus from the start). Lecavalier definitely held back Akeson from developing
I was truly expecting Iverson as the front page player for us
Is there any chance, that if he owned up to it, people would be like "aight"?
CRUEL, but good word use
The arena will be made mostly of MCW's bricks?
Operation Shade commence
I'm hoping so. Only 2 weeks until draft
I don't feel bad for Tampa because of years of brig forced to watch that horrid trap. If you sit on a lead, you're gonna have a bad time On the other hand...fuck the Hawks. I'm conflicted
At some point you get to dap up Malik rose...so that's worth something
Tell you what: I'll give you kimmo in his prime if you don't score that short side goal on Leighton
Cleveland really needs Kyrie. That depth is already thin
Nope. Never
Maybe. I've tried to block those things from my mind
Looks like a giant nug of weed, honestly
I honestly don't believe that the show writers ever gave Stannis a fair shot. And to those who say that since Stannis killed Renly, he's not afraid to kill his kin: Renly walked away from Stannis. He was a threat and an enemy that was pleaded with. He was not the heir to the throne. Go away
It took everything to go the Cavs way (curry shooting like crap, team over performing) for the Cavs to win in OT. I just don't see them doing it for 3 more games
Thought Cena was great on commentary. That match was pretty damned good. Think about it: John Cena was asked to step aside while Neville and Owens fought it out
More like: you beat me. Congrats. Your first match. Stop acting like an entitled prick. You're new here to the WWE. And I'm gonna beat some experience into you
I was kind of surprised when lebron tackles curry on those last possessions and they spin it as "curry ran into lebron"
You'll find other frat bros at your job if you look hard enough. Or a sorority sister. I've come across more sisters in the after life, tbh
Did I just hear tanks?
We think Embiid has the range...if the foot holds up we'll know next year
Don't see him falling to the Knicks. Could mean that Hinkie has told Russell that we're going with him and no reason to try out
I SUPPORT THE DUBS BRO ALL HAIL DRAY DRAY
I'll worry when the timeline is announced.
No. For that 16 hours there was a full on question of the rebuild, though
It's said that on a lonely summer night you can hear Clips fans still saying "he'll break out this game"
Dude...not to be a dick, but there's literally 20 point guard better than MCW in the NBA. Getting that lakers pick for him was huge. Dude's shot is forever broken. Hell, Embiid's foot has a better chance of being fixed than MCW's shot
I just wouldn't put too much emphasis on losing MCW. Without improved shooting ability, dude will struggle to start in the NBA
I really liked this match. Both looked really good
Well Cleveland, half your army deserted you but you still kept on fighting. I can appreciate that. Fought hard as fuck until the last man. Cheers to you. See you next year, fam
I'm not really sold on Lavine. Embiid's status is still uncertain. Wolves are better right now, and it's not even close. But if Embiid plays and ends the season healthy, it tips to the Sixers. If Embiid doesn't play this year, Wolves are clearly better for the foreseeable picture until perhaps next year. If the Lakers ends up picking 4-8 that's big for the Sixers. Right now, Wolves are better. Sixers are rolling the dice though and could be better by season's end
I'm gonna start off with the fact that I'm a huge Sixers fan. But I'm gonna put my bias aside: Wiggins is a big deal. KAT is going to be a big deal. Rubio can't shoot the ball but his job is to distribute. Anthony Bennett still has potential. Zach Lavine is whatever, but he would be the second best (active) player on the Sixers right now. It's very possible that Saric doesn't come over until 2017-2018, where he would get a fresh deal that's not influenced by the rookie scale. Embiid can be the best player on either team, but I need to see him finish the season. With his navicular bone intact. Like I said, Wolves and it's not close right now. But the Sixers have some very interesting dice rolls coming to them in the next couple of years that could make them better than the Wolves
this is the closest thing I have to basketball for a week. the stream is definitely interesting
We may not be good on the court, but we will certainly look the best
They all look good, but that white one's the best
the white one looks so damned fresh. i love all three. i want to buy one, I'm just hesitant on who to get because, ya know, Hinkie
NOLA does look pretty sweet, not gonna lie
you know, maybe it because I literally spent fall/winter/spring watching those goons, but I think at least one of them can develop into a role player. Jakarr started to look better down the stretch. Canaan is whatever and I hear good things about McRae. We'll see
and Clips. Even if Bennett won't be good, the Wolves still have the clear cut edge
See I think Towns will be much better than Russell.
What if we're just willing to eat contract for your first?
I'd like to see Jimmy Butter or Kawhi on the squad. We have lots of space and lots of money. Hell jimmy, we will give you a short contract and then some
Hopefully the 11-15 range
Which is fine. We along with every other team is going to make sure you do it, though
And absent from A's games
I thought Iggy was Lebron's father
Noel and Russell, hopefully
it has a lot to do with the fact that southern middle pennsylvania is a stone's throw away from central west virginia, central maryland, and northern virginia. that mix just cant be good I think the Gettysburg area televises Nationals games, to give you a perspective
We got you
http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m63za5QTnB1rrnutco1_500.gif
Nobody of consequence has wanted to play for Philadelphia for quite some time. The tank is literally the only shot we have at winning a title in the next 10 years
I expect hinkie's blackberry to be charged up Thursday night. Getting that 30th pick for David Lee seems like a no brainier
PG-D'Angelo Russell SG-Jimmy Butler SF- Robert Covington PF - Nerlens Noel C - Joel Embiid 6th- Dario Saric Next year the Sixers trade their pick and OKC's pick for Butler's contract. They have LA's 5th pick and The Heat's 12th pick
Honestly I think a top 5 pick and a mid range pick could get it done for Butler if Chicago couldn't resign him
I feel pretty good about it, honestly. Or about as good as someone can feel when the lottery becomes their playoff season. But if I'm being real the thing that scares me the most are the Lakers potentially getting Cousins. That will keep me up at night
As long as you guys suck next year, do whatever
nah, I watched my team for probably 78/82 games. Wickud generalization though, bro
ya know it wasn't as bad as people think. You just adapt a different mindset, and instead of looking for team wins you look at things like player development, who had a good game, who is making major progress on their game. I'm not going to lie to you, some games do get out of hand. The texas triangle absolutely murdered us last year and those games were not pretty to watch
I'll be impressed if David Lee isn't a Sixer by the end of the night
Trust me: if it's between ESPN taking a shit on our plan or Magic not mentioning us, I'll take Magic not mentioning us
Has the shade been dispensed?
Sixers Knicks rivalry...its on bitches
I'll be looking forward to it
if you're not happy with Okafor, I don't know what to tell you. Dude legitimately presents 5 wins easy by himself. Sixers have the potential to be a 30 win team this year
Embiid does provide spacing, but he wont be providing spacing for perhaps another year, if at all. The Hinkie press conference didn't shed any light on the situation, which seems ominous
it takes a decent jump, but I think we're not looking at the immediate push that Okafor brings. Next year he will be better than half the centers in the East on day 1. He is going to push around guys like Olynyk, (whoever the Knicks have), Brooklyn's C and it's going to be a bloodbath. the Sixers won 18-19 games last season after starting out the season 0-26? that means they ended the season 18-38? Let's experiment for a second and say that instead of being 0-26 they went something like 7-19, which is still horrible. that makes them a 25 win team without Okafor. 30 wins is very attainable, barring injury
Right? It's more attainable than we think
"I'm part machine, mother"
Absolutely
That's my bad. So out of their first 17 games maybe they go 5 and 12 instead of 0-17. That brings them up to 24 wins. 30 is possible this year
Does it look bad? Absolutely. But I'd trade in a good reputation for a centerpiece to build around
Noel looks good. Okafor I'm confident will look good. Embiid is definitely a toss up. I'll take a shitty reputation and Okafor/Noel/Embiid than a good reputation and Andrew Bynum/Evan Turner/Spencer Hawes Be happy that the lottery balls bounced to your favor and you got a generational talent on your hands. Davis is already a monster and he's not in his prime yet But don't think for a second I wouldn't screw other organizations in the NBA over for a shot at another guy like him
I'll take being the most hated team in the league with assets over the most liked team in the league with no cornerstone. The nba doesn't give out championships for being the most likable bunch. The Pistons literally beat the shit out of people. And everyone says that so and so has a poor reputation until they need us to absorb salary cap
The Lakers didn't want you, dude. They took Russell instead. They decided that he was going to rebuild their franchise, not you
Gonna let you know: I have the Wiz really high in the East. Big things happening for you guys. Looking forward to the 6ers Wiz games next year
Gotta be the best at something
6ers have to utilize that cap space
"Shitting on the Sixers is so hot right now"
With average NBA guards this Sixer team is an 8th seed
You might be getting downvoted for being a fan of both
Oh dude, I don't have a problem with it. But this sub likes mocking the Sixers and Knicks
Lavine seems happy now, or at least hides his attitude better. 19 year olds are gonna be 19. They soon find out that not every high prospect gets to play in LA
There's nice spots in Philly. Northern Liberties is turning into a hip spot
That's a top 5 pick, a top 10 pick, a top 20 pick and Wroten? Seems like really bad value for Philly, who still has holes to fill in in addition to Butler. I think you go OKC and LA pick, but that's it
Most definitely. He's young. He's gonna learn
What about this guy, Sixers fans?
AD had the best recurring jokes and it's something I can constantly go back to Her, George Michael's sword fighting video, etc
LA has the better future. Boston got too good and put themselves out of the lottery, which killed their chances of acquiring someone like Okafor. Russell is better than any prospect Boston has or will have in the near future (assuming that Brooklyn doesn't bottom out and those unprotected picks soar in value)
Cena's championship open has provided a guarantee of an exciting match more often than not. Not a good idea right now
I go there a couple of times a year. Being from Philly, it's such an interesting place. Some love their Pitt basketball, but it's hard to imagine them with an NBA team
It's very tough with the LV work schedule, but if the NHL can succeed there, I don't think the NBA will be far after
Okafor is the best scorer on his current team. Each possession will be a feed to Okafor and let him create, whether it's taking his defender to the basket or getting double teamed and kicking it out for the assist
There wouldn't be potential about it. You'd need to make it top 3 exclusively, otherwise philly gets your pick
I mean, I'm gonna be real here, free agent camps had no interest in choosing the Sixers while we were an average team. Draft picks can have no interest here, but the difference between them and free agents is that they really don't have a choice. We'll see you boys in summer league
The Sixers had no rep to fuck up
Shhhhhh. The Sixers had Evan Turner, Spencer Hawes to trade. Totally on the level of Love
I FEEL LIKE I JUST CAME TWICE
Dudes an asshat. Guy is gonna get shit on when the opportunity presents itself
Shhhhhhh.
Woah woah woah. Take it easy. You have to enforce the narrative of him being terrible at defense
"So I got that going for me"
If I wanted to see people get denied I'd go with you on Friday night to the bar
I mean I'm sure Kevin would put up numbers and give us spacing. He chose to be on the all star team
"Where'd who goooooo?" "And he's laughing at me on the radio" "That's me dickhead"
We do collect head coaching firings rumors like Predator collected skulls. In fact, if I could get a photoshopped predator with Hornacek, Scott, Karl and Minnesota headcoach faces, that'd be great
So we should probably draft the guy with a skill set most similar to Ish Smith, no?
Yeah but I've got a narrative to keep clean
This is magical by the way
He's 22. Could he be gotten with that OKC pick maybe?
That's a tough spot. Maybe the Heat drop that far down
Purely attitude issues for the guy. I really liked him though. He was sacrificed in the Veteran Leadership purge
Hahahahahahaha Holy shit
Okafor kept the game from getting away from the Sixers in the third. Nerlens is out there playing excellent defense. The two can coexist and thrive, it's just we need someone with more offensive prowess than Jerami Grant's lack of threes. We're so close fam
I'm really hopeful with this upcoming draft and free agency that we'll be an average 40 win team next year
I don't know man. The Sixers might just match up with Cleveland than other opponents
Point of the tank was to acquire potential all star talent on rookie deals, get enough of that, which will in turn create a free agent destination or you'll be able to trade your young assets for a James Harden
Lebron is the difference maker, through and through. As for the rest of the team, Philly matches up real well. Nerlens can guard Love, Okafor can bully Love in the paint. I'm nitpicking here of course, but if Lebron has an average game I think the Sixers can win. Lebron came in in the 4th and put the game away on that inbounds fade away, that three pointer and that fast break
Because your GM constructed you to suck dick Consider the source
No no, that's the problem with accumulating middling assets approach, which is what Boston has done. None of their players have that superstar feel to them
That and we'll believe us winning the lottery if we actually win the lottery
That was the fear of ours last year going into the draft. Mudiay was a better MCW clone. Do not want
Mudiay can still finish out the season strong. We'll see
Hell, I'd never say that the 76ers model is brilliant, but I think even you'd agree that Nerlens or Okafor is better than any player you have
I caught a lot of shit from Bucks fans in the offseason because I was really down on the team and its inability to shoot. Solid core, I like it more than the Celtics if the Bucks get more shooting in their lineup. Basically, get rid of MCW
I've really enjoyed the season. I was put off by the bloodlines gimmick also but I've grown to like some of them. Solid season in my book
Good game Chicago. It took a Herculean effort from Butler, but you got there As for my guys, I've never been less worried about the future. Kris Dunn, Jamal Murray, a front office whose trying to win and we won't be disappointed by much next year
Or ya know, Sixers aren't as bad as their record indicates. We haven't given up like other teams have. We're coming to play
We gonna make it, we gon make it, we gon make it
And the rest of the bulls squad are our foster family whose just being used to cash those government checks? Because that's what it felt like: Jimmy Butler and his foster family
We played a hell of a game. Our guys have a great future ahead of them. Good game Bulls. Not much to add
Christmas Eve with one, Christmas Day with the other. Thanksgiving with one, Black Friday or the following Saturday with the other. You get the idea
DOZENS
Cafe 210, but I haven't been back to campus in awhile, and the house is shut down for awhile
Avicii - Seek Bromance
It's a good read, more intense than the movie
I hate when we continue to go with the Smith/Noel pick and roll in the last five minutes of the game. No one is surprised and it takes us out of the game
hahahahaha just stay away from MCW
I've been out for going on five years. House is suspended for another couple of years. A swift kick in the balls.
I've really enjoyed the season. Ya gotta do an origins story every once in awhile, kids
Clips have Deandre. Devalues our assets (bigs) tremendously
WE AINT DEAD YET
I don't want to hear "you're a disgrace to the league" Go fuck yourself rest of NBA
I hope you get the clap
Doesn't matter. Not as bad as Mark Jackson
Have a tremendous respect for you guys. Hope you repeat again and the champagne tastes great in Cleveland
I picked the biggest asshole of the bunch who I knew would have a problem with me 9 years later and he's the brother I'm closest with
State Patty's Day used to be huge. Bid night was also a big one. Arts Fest also used to be pretty big but that's more during the summer session and involves locals more
Jim "Pillar O Salt" Harbaugh
I think once my pledge class graduated the newer guys started to have those parties. Looked pretty legit, too
I didn't realize this way a thing. Anyway, make sure to clean up your empties. Also bring plastic cups with you and pour the booze into the plastic cups and keep the glass out of sight
Sometimes I dream of an alternate reality where the Eagles trade back from 8 for extra picks, draft Tunsil, and then a QB in the 3rd round and a running back in the 2nd. Oh well, a man can dream
Excellent. Good to hear that it's still a blast to go to
Woah woah, take it easy. We have a negative narrative of Sam Bradford to uphold so we can bring in Wentz
DOZENS
Get them shitfaced and plastic wrap them to the flagpole
They lived next to us. House is gorgeous. I didn't know many other houses, but that fraternity was always observed as one of the best
Dick to dick touching?
2016 Haters Ball Nominee
To be alive?
If this trade went through there would be an uproar. If you thought the Hinkie firing was bad, this trade would be wildfyre
Elias Kotias
Cookouts. Buy the supplies, charge for burgers and hot dogs, fries, etc. dunk tank: have your biggest asshole brother just talking shit to students passing by. Host an athletic event among fraternities: you could get away with a softball tourney or maybe wiffle ball tourney. 50 a team, half of the proceeds go to you, half to the winner. There are plenty of ways to make money, just depends on what you can get away with
That would require the Rockets making the Finals, Patrick
When dry rushing became a thing cookouts got big. We wouldn't charge anyone but it was a way to get people through the door without IFC being in your shit
Wipe from front to back and you'll be fine, buttercup
One of our douches was cool with a chick rep at red bull while they were both students. They drive by in their truck. They're hot and hand out Red Bulls. Pretty much it
What client is this? Looks amazing
Neat
Planet Fitness fits my needs. Yes they serve pizza and bagels. Those things in moderation are completely ok. It's not their fault if you can't do something in moderation.
I absolutely adore the Walking Dead comic/graphic novel. the tv show is absymal and absolutely shits on the source material. I've hated the tv show since season 2 and the people's love for it really grinds my gears
the dude supports Rick keeping his hand. I'm pretty sure he endorses the show just to keep the cash rolling in
After butchering Angela the dude shouldn't be allowed near any other adaptation
if Jeff Teague was 22 and an all star this wouldn't be an issue. the fact is he's 28 and on the last year of his deal. it's not even close to being equal value
Clarkson is significantly more palatable than Teague. I would rather do this trade with you guys in a heartbeat
It doesn't stay as bad as it is now. My school already went through this a couple of years back. Tomorrow is another day. Your rivals will ridicule you and constantly remind you of everything. Just keep in mind that it eventually goes away when someone else fucks up. And there will be another one
We don't need another Buzzfeed article titled "Top 10 Frat Nicknames of All Time"
Whoops
Indeed. The Sandusky and Paterno jokes never get old
Yeah I could definitely see that. I don't drink coffee and with soda I'm the same way. I'll get a 20oz on Monday and it'll last me until Wednesday
Yup. There's no argument though; clarkson is easily the better choice than Teague, age and ceiling considered
Could be that that isn't the real brotherhood without banners. Could also be that there were ex freys in that group of individuals. Could also be that LSH is just taking it out on everyone in the riverlands. We need more information
Be loud obnoxious and funny
It is weird when I see canes fans being sad when I'm sure the Hartford fans felt the same way
Definitely. I just can't help but feel like "you only got this team because someone else lost one".
Unity. Hammer it through their heads that if one of them fucks up, all of them fuck up. Also, they'll learn to be personally responsible for the actions of the whole, which should, in theory, keep your asses out of trouble.
We had a brother who didn't drink and didn't do any drugs. Pretty impressive feat, honestly. He's a quality dude. College is also a bunch of 18-22 year olds experimenting a lot and trying to find themselves. You should be able to find a happy medium in a fraternity that mostly just smokes weed and drinks. People might do heavier stuff but it should be behind closed doors and not put in the open.
Politics on r/frat? This isn't going to end well
Bingo. Well put
WHERES THE BOY, STRING?
Summer sessions are really bringing out the Simple Jacks on this sub
https://youtu.be/y1o_iY99eeA
Curry doesn't get judged until he loses the series. Lebron gets a lot of shit because of his losses. He loses the benefit of the doubt
Could very well be this is a significant amount of time after Beric
Definitely, but when you don't have pledges and it's the Saturday morning after, finding a clean toilet is a challenge in and of itself
In flip flops, which still don't protect you from puke
I feel bad for the South. Poor fuckers don't know what good pizza is
When I worked in center city, city view happened once a month. That buffalo chicken pizza
It's kind of hard for them to have sex if one of them is passed out, brochocho. Then it becomes him having sex with her comatose body. You're using the wrong pronouns, which is why j think you're having a bit of trouble understanding why it's rape.
The happy hours are earlier in the night. That's my heads up
http://i.imgur.com/zsnFSHe.gif
I'm in the wrong career, then
I mean I think it could be a cool concept for you. Get creative with it. Chicks will also dig it
Sounds like your brother, not the house, has a problem
Beers on the job?
THIS IS COMPLETE SARCASM. IM FUCKING WITH YOU
Not true. Her character serves as a record book. Jaime might be on this redemption plan, but some things he can't make up for. His family's hand in Cat's murder is one of them. She's the judge jury and executioner in a world with a ton of moral gray. I love the character and can't wait to see what she does in the books
Maybe, but Jaime is still a Lannister, and the Lannisters were in on it. I'm her eyes everyone who was in on it or reaped gain from the Red Wedding deserves justice
False. He'll always be Kevin O'Shea
Friends with Benefits was the clear winner. You shut your mouth
Big Gigantic fucks with horns a lot
And do coke
You'll grow to hate it. I've actually come to avoid DJs who use the mic too much or who don't sit their ass behind the turntables
I don't know. That honor might still belong to Arturs Irbe
No thanks, bro. I like winning sometime sooner rather than never
She's attractive in a ditzy promiscuous way
It's the freckles and skin complexion
I liked him in Philly. This fan base can be a little bit toxic along with the media and that's why it didn't work out.
Very cool dude. He had other interests outside of hockey and this toxic town took it as "this guy doesn't give a shit" The philly media and it's fan see can be a bunch of turds on occasion. Sometimes I think there's a correlation between its shitty-ness and lack of rings
Jurassic World wasn't a very good movie and the sequel will likely be worse than JW. Weaponized dinosaurs is a dumb idea but studios like cashing in
The first year I was up there for Summer session (so the summer after my freshman year), my fraternity brother got me a job working as a bouncer at Cel Block (which is now Levels, if it's still there). Since it was summer session I didn't really care about my social life and I got 10 under the table per hour, and I ended up with I think 10-12 hours per week. It's fun in that you're where the party is at, but it gets annoying because you're around people when they've been drinking for awhile. That gets annoying. I did a little bit of catering after that. After that I did reffing for the IM facility. Easy money. I reffed softball in the late summer and football in the late fall. Downside is you have to deal with douchebags who can't give up that high school sports star life. There's a giant and wegmans out north atherton if you have transportation
There's actually a theory behind that. Mainly that the Joker is a "damaged" Jason Todd
At 19 I was probably around 260 and 6'2. Wasn't too muscle-y. Just go around to the bars like Shandygaff and see what's up.
Well someone's a Debbie fucking downer
I like Boston as a team, but their ceiling is that Atlanta 2015 team that finished at the top but everyone knew that they were going to get blasted by the Cavs and it wouldn't be particularly close
If the Eagles ever won a championship we wouldn't throw beer bottles at Ryan Howard when he sucks at the plate
Brett's been looking at 3 years of garbage. I don't blame him for marveling
Both sides are a little apart. Both believe that a straight swap isn't enough. I think a deal will get done. I think the sides are closer than we know and it's all about finalizing details. I also think Murray is the pick at 3, not Dunn
Murray to 6ers
this sub aint exactly the bastion of impariality, bro
I would sure as fuck hope so that a 22 year old is better than a 19 year old. But the shooting numbers don't say that. And all I really care about is the shooting numbers
Woooohooooooo
I don't like this trade for New York. I like it for Chicago though. Lopez and Grant is a nice return for one year left of Rose and his questionable injury status
Welcome to the fam
Nice. I look forward to new yellow claw sets in the future
MCW is garbage. I'm hoping you guys keep Monroe
I liked the value for MCW then. I like it more now
When the trade was made there was a lot of "LOL THE SIXERS ARE JUST RESETTING THE CLOCK. TRADING THE ROOKIE OF THE YEAR FOR A PROTECTED DRAFT PICK". There's been natural resentment from then from some Sixers fans. It's not really directed towards Bucks fans, but those who thought the Sixers should keep MCW despite easily seen flaws
The fact that anyone is still sitting here saying "well x would have beaten y if given the chance" is sour grapes. I despise the Cavs, but they earned it
After next year it's unprotected. Good luck
C-c-c-c-curveball
Colangeloing
Holy shit Milwaukee. I thought us trading you was cruel. And then you do this to yourself
It's all that shit you talked Bill. It's finally coming back to bite you in the ass
At 24 and 26, that value is ridiculous
The Celtics definitely left me scratching my head. I'm not entirely sure those Sixers Celtics rumors were ever true, either
I mean, that's entirely on them. It takes stones to stay put and say that your adversaries are shitty at drafting
This was a Hinkie level draft
We've been shat on for quite some time. It was GS earlier in the week
The Sixers had a great draft. Probably buy some golf shirts tomorrow.
And he didn't shit the bed with bad trades
They'll probably wait for Embiid. If he plays a full season they'll keep who compliments him the most and trade the other. Nerlens is an RFA next year so he's not going anywhere
Or, ya know, every morning you think you're about to get hit by a tornado, which doesn't sound too good for your health. Or you're asleep and you think it's your alarm going off but it's really a tornado. We should just stick to emergency alerts being strictly for emergency alerts
I find that last part oddly satisfying in a "no, this isn't going to happen here. There will be no negotiation. You're going to turn around and go home"
She doesn't rule the Westerlands, either. That's Jaime's designation because he's the heir to Casterly Rock. And once Jaime finds out that Cersei indirectly caused Tommen's death, I'd imagine Jaime will be an enemy too
watching softball is like watching a fisher price version of the MLB where everything is shrunk down to make it easier.
Dude above you posted stats that say Covington is essentially the same player. You're fighting a losing battle here
I'd rather not spend money on a guy we already have in Covington. I'd rather have a guy like Delladova on an overpay contract than Barnes on a max. Barnes is not worthy of a max and salary complications down the road
As many times as when Harrison missed a wide open shot in the finals
adopted the tank? you guys been tanking with Scott at the helm
With his Jordans? EDIT: All praise be to Jody HiGHROLLER
My lack of dedication to the Neon Icon is troubling
or just had a coach who was benching his young talent to make a point
Then my question would be: do you really think that squad could win you 32 games? I'm taking the under, by a lot, every time
some BS about "he needs to be serious. he hasn't done enough to deserve the spot and doesnt take practice seriously"
You said what I wanted to say more eloquently and cleanly. I agree
Name checks out
It's the boys club bro. You gotta remember that
I mean, I can't wait for Minnesota to do Minnesota things and fuck up the young core they have. You know it's only a matter of time
Because it's the offseason and I'm feeling feisty
I'd like to see Minnesota succeed. But don't think for a second I won't tear one of their fans down if they talk shit.
Absolutely. Those teams were geared to play every night. From the NBA's perspective, the sixers weren't really trying
I knew I liked you Spurs fans for some reason. Oh yes, the Lakers can go eat shit
Full on Pat Riley right now
you dont want Nerlens being pulled away from the basket guarding a stretch 4
why the sixers aren't rolling out the Brinks truck, I will never understand
Asking for a friend, of course
reddit just likes to shit on other people because all of the popular kids did it to them so they feel the need to do it to someone else it's sad really, but human nature. Moderation is key and a bagel or a slice of pizza isn't going to kill you.
Beginning was straight from the TJR playbook Can't wait till those kids find out it's "hey we want some puss-ay"
"You're just being an asshole to get attention" Kind of like what Joel does...
"Deadmau5 took exception to what he perceived as animal cruelty and posted a series of tweets in which he labelled Guetta and the club owners as “stupid fucks” and described the DJ as “shitty” and “overpriced”. Read more at http://www.nme.com/news/music/skrillex-19-1223824#QgVTDDH20kJuqRat.99 No, dude. He's just an asshole
"That's how amateur people do it" Exactly how many kidnappings have you been a part of?
You think you can beat me? You dreamin!
The kayfabe break is fantastic
Andddd that's why you're not the gm Hold onto Okafor until his value increases. It's stupid to sell low now
DOZENS
His contract lasts for a couple of more years (2 after this one, I believe). It's a very long season and players get hurt. We've seen his potential and what he can bring to the floor. Patience, a lot of patience
I only try to hook Dva when we're dueling or she's fighting someone else in close quarters combat. If she's just chilling and barely engaging, avoid
Attractive men
Okafor already earned his keep by fighting Boston fans in the streets
How often do you play as hog? I'm curious
I want to see Okafor succeed somewhere else. The fans have really turned on him while he's been the best teammate he can be. He likely just needs a change of scenery and I'd love to see him go on to be the player he has the potential to be and the duels between him and Noel in the future. He has no future in Philly, and hearing the fans constantly remind me is becoming insufferable
well, they can't really tank. Philly owns the swap this year and SAC's unprotected pick either next year or the following year
Jim is day to day operations, Michael is more big picture stuff
I'm thinking Wyatts will beat them for the championship and we'll get Wyatts infighting while American Alpha does the whole we've gotta get better, train better (looking at a Kurt angle training montage). They beat the Wyatt family, Orton gets Luke to betray Bray, and then Orton and Bray get the final match to end their story arc
It makes sense. Looking at things right now objectively I definitely get hooks that don't make any sense, whether it's grabbing guys through walls, etc
Probably left the oil can in *completely screwed up the tommy boy reference. I feel shame*
Highly conservative, mass appealing, money making hit incoming I know, you're all surprised
I'm not blaming anyone. Just saying that I'm not surprised nor interested in their work, which sucks because they were one of the top ten acts I wanted to see a couple of years ago
And remixes to said songs that will continue to make us relevant while simultaneously showing that we're phoning it in and collecting checks these days
Maybe if I can see them at a local venue for 40, sure. Anything over that is a tough sell
TJ is the greatest gift from Pittsburgh
A frat boy transfer from Duquesne
I can't think of many people that come from Pittsburgh to play professional ball
it's very interesting. I have friends from Pittsburgh who don't watch basketball and will say to me "hey how is TJ doing"
my friends who arent wrestling fans are really excited for the RR this year because of the ability to make bets on the rumble itself. It's gonna be awesome
As a Roadhog main, you kind of get used to it
It's going to be a lot of fun! It won't be a packed house but the couches will be filled
Just between us friends. I think I'm gonna put a bunch of numbers in a hat, have friends pick number divided evenly among participants, etc
After about a week I've been sitting steadily in the high 50s low 60s. Ideally I'm up to high 60s by March
If the Eagles ever left us... I get it Chargers fans. I get it
13 and change is a really good run, OP. I can only hope my dude gets the same mileage :)
I picked up tickets this week for their Philly show. So pumped
LL Bean has a lot of stuff like that. It gets expensive depending on how many layers you have
Message me when you get into town and I'll give you the comprehensive list. Wawa is great for "it's 3 am and I'm high as shit and nothing is open" But never pass up another steak spot for wawa
You haven't suffered enough to be one of us, let alone be a fan of our team :)
Same. I'm still pissed that Arizona left the NFC East
I'm not paying real money for a chance at a better drop. Either give them to me for free via grind or have me play your game less. Choose wisely
Always sunny isn't an exaggeration. We've embraced the "go birds" mantra when terrible shit happens
The only thing I had a problem with was the depiction of drinking and driving. Otherwise, I really enjoyed it. The school can't be affiliated. Suspend and behind closed doors say "that was really good but you know we can't be connected to this"
I mean, I believe nice and good are everything. I pride myself on being a decent, supportive, caring individual and that eventually things will work out for me.
could she row her own row boat?
Probably should just have them on HBO so I can see their weekly commentary uncensored
I'm glad he's happy. I still think he's a bit of a bitch on the inside from earlier in the year. Hoping that things work out for Jah. I wouldn't deal him for pennies on the dollar though. Injuries happen. Hell, this could motivate him to get into shape
Man I'd love a cold stone stunner
False. Blade is one of the best Marvel movies to date
Noel isn't close to being worth that value.
I can get onboard with 18. 25 and he can go somewhere else
That's a pretty dumb request seeing as it's a salary cap league
Your friend sounds like a dumbass Get a new one
That movie is pretty good, imo. XOXO was the garbage one with Galantis
Reek, Reek it rhymes with Tarik?
I'm really happy with my Embiid, Draymond Green, KAT, Gortat, Wiggins, Wall, Devin Booker and Gordon Hayward squad in fantasy this year. Hopefully we win. My weakness is that I have Mudiay, Parson, Payton and McConnell as my PGs and backup forward. Probably getting rid of Parsons when Simmons gets in the mix. Dario Saric is also there chilling
He's definitely my stat filler guy. The only time I regret having him is his poor FG% nights. McConnell fulfills the same role for me
only time he should ever be playing more than 30 mins a game is in the playoffs. I'd still be sitting this guy on the tail end of back to backs. Maybe something like 66 games a year with 30 mins a game in the regular season?
false. looking at Bulls' highlights it's obvious no one has the hot hand
It looks like a burn deck. Why is there a Top? Seems like it's taking the place of another burn spell and is too slow
These are strange times, ser Davos
What a time to be alive... Oh we talkin teams?
Imagine if Okafor learns how to D up and excels at offense
Y'all really are down on Jah and co.
Keep in mind, other teams benefitted from the 6ers being bad. They got numerous first round picks for eating salaries of bad contracts. As much as the 6ers are at fault, the league benefitted as a whole from a more than willing trading partner
The Sixers offered a service and teams took advantage of it. There's a reason why the Sixers have the Lakers pick, the Miami pick, the OKC pick, Sacramento's pick. Plenty of teams mortgaged parts of their future to chase a ring and earn money for themselves.
Don't be an asshat. I'm saying that other teams were able to better their position and therefore their potential ticket sales by trading future assets with a team that was allowing them to get better now. Don't be dense, please
Directly benefitting from someone abusing the system makes you an abuser of the system. If everyone abuses the system, then no one can complain
A lot of Americans see Arabic and automatically think terrorists. The english was added to disarm
ILL GET YOU BACK YOUR JOBS BECAUSE AMERICA IS GREAT AND WE'RE GREAT AMERICANS
Can it just be all of Stannis' arc, not just a scene?
The nostalgia of the Jurassic Park series wore off. I was one of those people who enjoyed it originally. Months later I tried to watch it again and it was absolute garbage. It was a movie that was designed to prey on your nostalgia with a terrible plot and characters but you didn't care because it was Jurassic Park and dinosaurs! The characters didn't make sense and the logic was awful. It's as if we took the thinking aspect out of Jurassic Park and made an upper echelon sci fi movie. If it didn't have the Jurassic Park name, it'd be an ok dinosaur movie
this sub really likes the movie. This isn't the first time I've posted my negative thoughts on the movie and have received subsequent downvotes
I did a write up of him back when I saw him in November. It's an absolute blast. Enjoy
With Cameron back, Gotham has surpassed the Flash for me. Joker's got that feel to him...love it
I mean, there was a movie called Face Off that premiered in the 96 that had pretty good makeup. But I thought it was fine
shhhh you'll rustle the jimmies of those who hate suicide squad and think nothing good can come of it
He did at the beginning of the year
Pettiest fucking shit I've seen in awhile. We can't win one game without people being dickheads
Yes and you had to be negative about it. It's no wonder people treat us like assholes when we can't go a win without trashing one of our own players. Please stop
So Embiid as Soldier 76?
Can anyone give me a drawing of Joel Embiid as Soldier 76
GOAT DPS bro
Cena's promo was incredibly heelish. Feltgoodman
Or, maybe just maybe, I've been onboard this shitty road since ET and Hawes were running up and down the floor and I don't want this great stretch of winning to be an excuse to talk shit about a player who we're gonna need down the stretch
Yes. I've watched terrible ball and I'm not going to let it be marred by assholes with an agenda. So fuck off
When he plays key minutes down the stretch, you're gonna eat those words. And I'm gonna enjoy it, too
His Nerf is coming...soon
If this is the case, can KAT be Reaper?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_age Look under the subsection positive and negative feedback
I posted a link with a possible theory. Enjoy
it could be that Predators now abduct opponents they deem worthy, and this is the son of a mighty warrior that's already bested a Predator once and lived to tell the tale
I liked Leto's joker enough to give it more time. Nothing earth-shattering, but enough for me to be intrigued
dont worry. That Reaper Junkrat Widowmaker DPS will surely help you out
and im gonna be honest, most of the people who want to snipe suck and so I'm just sitting there absorbing damage because y'all are garbage and im getting damage from 3 different sources
Hog and Soldier 76 for me. Soldier 76 ultimate is better and I often live during the whole thing. The hog ultimate gets stopped short more often. If anything the ultimate is kind of bad because the targets get pushed in different directions and you're taking damage during the whole thing
CALL JG WENTWORTH
Gotta start going through those 10 day contracts as soon as possible. I thought building around Kristaps should've been the move awhile ago but Phil thought otherwise
Absolutely. But then I look at total rebounds from last night and I'm not too impressed with the alternatives. That being said, Noel had an amazing game a couple of games ago
honestly i think the recent strand of videos like this are pretty dumb
The US Championship Open was where a lot of people started to turn the corner, I think. Before then it felt like Cena's wrestling was stale and the five moves of doom was a legit critique. And then he started showing his ability on RAW
I forget which move it was, but Cena started to use it against Owens and he botched it a couple of times and he didn't seemed deterred. That's when I thought to myself "oh shit he's trying different things. Something's up"
Bingo. That's exactly what it was
No worries!
That's definitely what it was
It might be top 20 protected, I thinks. It turns into 2 2s
Junkrat?
Oh you mean you didn't like her cliche "you have to keep on fighting" yada yada yada I rolled my eyes. Only a matter of time before she gets sent home
Wait, how is he not doing WWE any favors? Phil is probably one of the best pros at the mental game
Johnny's character is a heel and works best as a heel. The more challenges he does, the more you'll continue to watch to see if/when he loses. What you have to worry about is if Bananas continues to lose early
We saw the Punk exchange differently. Punk won that exchange because he knows the game Johnny is playing. Perspective is everything
It's a charity show. Bananas looked like a dumbass for going that deep. If it was a Normal challenge show, sure, punk would look like a bitch. But it's for charity... Very dumb to get into that type of fight when it's for a good cause
Punks obviously carrying himself differently. And as much as the Rock or Cena would've gotten into it with Bananas, we've already seen Punk do that on WWE. He just seems more professional on this show. That's all I'm saying
Fight was between public and charter schools, which Devos champions. Go away turd. Or read the article
What's also different is that I use a PS4 controller with hog. I feel like it's easier to click with a mouse than it is to use the trigger button.
I binged it all this weekend. Enjoyed it thoroughly. I go from rooting against Francis to rooting for him. I'm very conflicted. For the record, they were both evil people from the start
This is people bitching and complaining that the Warriors did it better than everyone else this time. Cavs literally wants millions into the luxury tax to build a super team. I don't want to hear it
This is fucking delicious right now watching this sub burn to the ground because the Warriors are doing the Cavs dirty. Let me get the popcorn. No butter because there's already enough salt here
My point exactly. Everyone was having a blast until another team built a better a suitable adversary to Lebron. And now everyone is crying because Golden State isn't making the game competitive. This has been a problem for quite some time. The NBA was okay with it though because it was "close". It was only a matter of time before someone did it bigger and better
Which none of us really expected going in
NBA has the most similarities with the NBA, I feel
Please don't. It's dramatic enough here with the banning of Muslims except those who have influence, they're ok
They want to see you panic so you enact draconian defense measures and prove their supreme emperor correct. Just a bunch of trump buts here spreading their fear. They use fear and try to scare the rest of us. It's not gonna work
ITT: Americans with an agenda try to scare others into how they should feel to support their agenda
Felt like the two hours were a bit much. Some of the stuff here and there seemed to drag on a bit. But the payoff was well worth it.
I really don't like this mindset. The last month I've spent trying to learn mcree and it's difficult because there's no healer and no proper structure. It stinks
Had this exact thought yesterday. Hanzo and widow? Sounds good. Looks like I'm not healing
Cena will be returning soon. Jericho to a lesser extent is away. Rusev hasn't showed up yet. Smackdown has to develop their guys, which isn't so bad if that's what you're into
I still think a new day feud with Breezeango would make money fall from the heavens
What's said is that you don't get the reference :(
Double Donald'd
Kind of lost interest when CM was eliminated. Don't really know if I care where this goes from here on out
Agent Pena*
DOZENS
KD might be a bitch, but I see a lot of bitches in these threads that can't accept the fact that another team followed the rules and beat Lebron and the Cavs at their own game. Sucks to suck. Go find a better coach and better veterans. Actually spend your money wisely instead of just on Lebron's friends
Tear apart the roster. Actually make moves to acquire players that fit what you want to do and don't overpay. Build a bench that's cost efficient. Don't overpay players purely because they're Lebron's friends. Find a coach that will put you over the top. Don't just find a coach because Lebron gets along with them.
When you say it like that, it makes it really hard to feel bad for you that you ran up against the GOAT
I'm a month late, but judging by the snow accumulation, that shot was taken from when she stayed over because of the snow emergency. Also, Dev falls asleep facing her that night
This is true. I still think the shot is from that night, though
I think they're gonna Turn heel against the Fashion police
Planning with frank from prison
I don't know about that man, there are some very angry people in bronze and silver. I used to be one of them
Whenever someone says I have gold medals/elims, I'm always curious how much damage they're taking
I'm well aware. But dmg taken can show how much you're charging the other teams ults.
Fixed
DOZENS
And Saric. I think Saric is a centerpiece
I mean, if you see little difference between 1 and 3 and plan to flip that extra first next year
Per Woj, no ayers involved
Players*
We reward bad behavior all the time. Saudi Arabia, Qatar. Do you not understand the hypocrisy?
I too still have faith in Jahlil
At this point, that's very accurate
Yup! End of Watch! THAT movie got real dark
I would love to have seen David Ayer's cut and not WB's
I like Kyle if he doesn't need the ball to succeed
"IM BRINGIN HIM IN CLOSER, MERLIN"
Sweet summer child...
We still have our own picks and there's protections on the picks. But we have all of those seconds. We got the perfect fit for Simmons. It's time to play
Plus we're rooting for you. Fuck the Celtics
Not next year. In 18 and 19. 1 and 1
HAHAHAHHAHAA
IT WAS ME, AUSTIN. IT WAS ME ALL ALONG
And the 3rd overall this year
I...I THINK IT IS, KING!
And their own pick, of course. Still very good value
You guys also got unfairly screwed by Billy King. I think you'll work it out. Starts out very slow.
Except temple
WHY ISNT ANYONE ON THE PAYLOAD
I wouldn't be surprised if she sends in Ellsworth to do her dirty work for her and then drops him like Charlotte dropped Ric It's amazing how we were all ok with Ric causing a distraction so Charlotte could win, but Ellsworth doing it causes people to throw a shit fit I get why people are angry, but it was a perfect moment to get us a real heel in the women's division. And now we have a real heel
His character has grown on me. His moveset is absolute garbage though and will be the thing that holds him back
Ana and Lucio
Konnor's always been fat, though. His weight didn't bother me until I saw unsure of himself he was when climbing to the top rope
Brand has been fine. Building new storylines. Cena coming back soon. Grab a snickers
That when Corbin cashes it it'll be right after someone beats Jinder for the title. And would you look at that...John Cena is coming back on America day
End of Days and Deep Six are great moves that look powerful. I look at someone like Finn Balor, whose finisher is absolute shit, and I wonder how Corbin got such a good finisher
Don't worry, we trying
LETS GO NETS, LETS GO NETS
Can we have AA win the US championship as a tag team and defend it as singles competitors?
Nah. He would've said War Eagle
Nah. We're getting John Cena challenging the face of America on america's birthday
I've been watching since both shows started. I don't plan on stopping any time soon, even if they both trash the Sixers at any chance they get
Dolph is one of my favorites and I get a little sad when people trash him. Amazing wrestler just doesn't have a direction right now outside of "make these guys look legitimate"
He still has the Canadian flag, right?
I know it's a joke, but I'd do it in a heartbeat
Jurassic World was fucking terrible
I hated Jurassic World. This is very promising
Yeah. I'll just play reaper now lol
With a slow tank that now sucks at short range. Time to hang up the scrap gun, boys and girls
In terms of actually generating hope? I think Hinkie is the better Jesus. The eagles are the eagles. I'm not hopeful, not even in the slightest
I've also soured on the eagles recently because nothing inspires me about Pederson. Just seems like Andy Reid lite. I hope I'm wrong
Kings seems to be making the right decisions and building. This is exciting stuff. Happy for them
He's talking like he's saying goodbye
MINNESOTA MIRACLE MAN the miracle being going far in the playoffs
Looking like the Joker from batman the animated series Still wouldn't stop me
This can't be it. What the hell, Orlando?
"I don't know what to do with my hands"
They should feel betrayed by Trump and Carrier. Turns out the big business president would do shit that helps big business. No one could've seen this coming
The biggest move republicans ever made was telling the middle class that you too can achieve your dreams, knowing that 99% won't, but that 99% will think they can and will employ principles under the assumption that they'll make it
I was referring to giving money to carrier and them Investing the money towards automation. It was sarcasm. I didn't telegraph it well
I remember when people shit all over Hinkie for dealing him. It was funny then, even funnier now
All of them? Sheeeiiitttt
I think The Ascension absolutely killed that segment
I don't know how to process that
She's always landed knees first as far back as I can remember
I do, too
They don't like fraternities in these parts. It's unfortunate
2005 version didn't do much for me. I liked this one a lot more, and it's in the same universe as the new Godzilla
Wondering how I'm gonna watch summer league without nbatv. I need my fix
Since Colangelo recently stated that we won't be too active, I'm just gonna grab a seat and a bag of chips. As the NBA turns is a great tv show
What an amazing nickname potentially ICBM. If only we could say...another ICBM from downtownnn
I'm so fucking starved for Embiid that I counted attempts 4/6 from 3
Our activities were more drinking based, but it was nice to want to drink on a Tuesday and there would be someone down because they didn't have classes until later or didn't have class at all
