Rainbowsix, game is like bf4 content with csgo competitive. Im a poor guy :(
im sure theres much of guides out there, but i prefer to hear from fellow redditor's - As a prot warrior, how can i keep much aggro and not get "out" aggro by big dmg by your teammates? Im lv 71 so i have a pretty good size of skills, but i feel like sometimes when i pull alot, theres always that 1-3 npc going for healer,ranged dmg.
what watts do u vape on?
i feel like tos brings back old mmo genre feels making players more social like they were back in maplestory, ro,etc
this is well detailed and easy to understand, thanks! btw will my lantency on online games such as csgo,wow go from 20ms to 300?
its red horse
MMorpg is the next big thing
where did u get this ?
One way to track down gold spammers, When we get those surveys, make sure it tracks our blocklist.. So the high amount of names being block = gold spammer, ezpz
what rank do i need for that?
clicking client doesnt do anything, also do u know whats the required ms?
i hear ingame under 70 is minimum for kfm..
i heard this was not accurate at all?
nah u just cant aim/time it right.. bns introduce me to this new action pvp feel.. just gotta get use to it. its not ur typical tab targgetting locked type, it requires you to move your mouse more often
game went from being fun and knowing your teammates are on par with your mind level, to i gotta carry this shitty silver 4 while the rest of are gold 1 and diamond 5...
nah u just suck
irrelevant
irrelevant
is there a way to contact support to delete my character? 7days for lv 20 alt is too long -.-
The division.. hyppee!
lv 43 vs 28 dafckk
summoners were a pain but i figure out how i can beat them, just purep ressure on the player not cat.. make sure to Q . E aloooot... if ur up close to them, its an ez win.. spam tab as gap closer..
am i the only guy who doesnt give a shit about the drop of graphic quality? this game is the game ive been wanting as a fps/mmorpg type player.. hyppeee
havent been on ecr lately, did u guys announce the flavor for Mr. E? my guess was pixie candy powder
what can we use gold for anyways? im new and havent even gotten to cap
Nikita Chuck
got the code! ty, is there anyway we can predownload
lv 20 is best early lvl to start, i reach gold at lv 26.. only loosing to summoners and fm cuz their cheese at low lvls
cuz their bunch of fat greedy cash grab company.
play a class that requires skills?
too bad this game is click to win =[
is there any guild wars?
is there any stream now? its 28th for me
if u read the damn Post, im asking how will classes be balance when the new patch is up ( lv 50) -.-
ur soo cool
u need to download wtfast, and run division through there.. its a common issue. and the only fix we have for now is that u use WTFAST
i have settings to low-med, but still getting constant freezes in party plays ( medical hospital/stadium dungeon/mission )
4 classes and still unbalance lmao.. also having to only zerg vs zerg sucks, looking for 1v1 is a pain..
just recieved a txt saying, my tmobile hotspot is at 80% and at 100% speed will be down to 120kbps.. im using tethered as my internet for my pc ( usb connected to my s4 ~ pc ) but it also stated that my data on my s4 will still be high speed, is there anyway i can use that as internet through tether ? ( newbie here )
im stupid, i thought i needed mobile spot to use tethering lmao.. btw, does x-amount of uses = decrease of speed?
found a fix, once im ingame ( character login ) i exit out of wtfast.. seems like the vpn was the problem
did we get any patch?
first character i played was assassin, got lv 15 and went straight to gold lmaoo. assassin controls the match all the time! once u learn your skills its fcking a walk in the park. Anyone who disagree is either an assassin or just trolling. If u want a real class, go kfm or bm..
can u share this :)?
never heard this site, did anyone else buy from this site?
not sure if ur just a white knight or blind... assassin is pretty fcking simple class, stealth &gt; dmg &gt; re-stealth &gt; apply bleeds &gt; stealth &gt; win.
ur tl:dr has about the same words and numbers of sentence in your op.. Lol
ToS
is it better to have both leads in the same top holes for 1 coil, and the other coil both in the bottom holes?
i have this pre-made fused clapton coil dual. 26g/36g Kanthal wire 6 wraps.. should i lower it to 5 for a 50-60 watt evic mini mod? or 6 wrap is enough for the evic mini
this shit getting me light headed, and i never get light headed from vaping.. ( i have all my juices 3mg ) do you think its safe to vape, and ill probably get use to it?
is this a bad batch then? or its just a very old juice.. i feel shit after awhile of vaping this ( after a few puffs )
im looking for a simplier UI addon, sort of like WoW-Bartender i just want to tweak the placement of health bars also show my cd's ( like omnicc in WoW )
I mainly wana go magicka cuz i heard stam dk only spam that wrecking skill.. im a main DPS dont really care much for tanking,support
so any weapon set u listen above works well ? or does one over power the rest in terms of DD/survivability
what build do u recommend for magicka dk? upon doing some more research, ima main magicka.. also is dunmer the masterrace of magicka dk? as for leveling, should i focused of s+shield or destro and for 2nd weapon set restro staff?
Is there any major advantage of going dark elf? i really like AD ( not ep sry i got mix up with the two lol ) cuz i hear they have alot of pvp guilds, and a populated pvp community or is EP currently the most populated community for pvp? Dark elf or high elf? also for weapons, is staff best for leveling? then level s+shield at max level for pvp?
Im currently using destro and its really fun, im surprise how i have to really pay attention and not spam skills due to the NPC actually moving,attacking at this early level. As to build wise, im def going with magicka.. But i can't really give you a specific "role" other than DPS, because i have no idea what DK are in endgame PvP.. other than burn your opponents with fire. Like posted, i prefer melee overall. What builds would you recommend for high potential Dmg, while having survivability as DK? mind giving me some general build routes? then i can decide for myself what i would be aiming for in endgame. ( mainly PvP, and PvE for gearing up )
Daddys milk b-x vapor.. yummmmyy
ESO best community mmorpg ive ever experienced... i even made a craft-or/dealer that makes me gears each 10-20 levels lol ;D
so im not destroying my gpu? the sound of the fan seems like its about to come right off the case lol
can it handle long term play? 3-8hours non stop, or should i take a few breaks ( shutting down game, letting it cool )
Dungeon fighter for monk
isnt velocity a dual coil rda?? how does she vape single coil?
for that nb, what race do u recommend goin as ?
make ur own damn build!? lol, if u have tried "all" and still need other builds for you to play, is sad..
which is more optimal for high dmg, and fast kills? 2h or dw
just out of curiosity are you a mageblade? whats your generally thought on pvp as a mageblade? (do you find yourself lacking in certain areas, thats critical for NB, but makes up for something thats worth it?) Would u say their a threat in pvp?
REKT
i did 28/32 fused clapton, pretty hard at first, but i got use to it.. ( went through 70ft of wire on the first try lol )
I would like to get Mad max
WHat rank are u ;)?
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura without CP ( pvp wise, and leveling 1-50 )
currently 50% discount atm!.. if u wana buy through official.. but g2a has it for $20 iirc also, game is evolving... zenimax does weekly q/a for community, and every 3 months we get new dlc/content:D they stated we'll get housing,and capes !
publisher for western is aeria games GG
gw2 hss no mounts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
Dont get imperial, imo its not worth it.. but you do get the race, mount, pet.. and other small bonuses https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
theres no momthly pay, once u buy it.
might buy the xm300, looks good. But hows the life span on it? ( have you hear any clicking issues,etc )
my first mouse was D-A.. loved it! does this mouse have any problems with clicking? ( as a gamer, i click almost a million times a day )
tbh, i prefer they put up new pvp content rather than another new quest expansion.. us pvp'ers are dying for anything new...
Ecigs death - 0 Cigarretes - ∞
whats the difference between an unwrap battery, and a wrap battery??
yo mind sharing me ur spots? im currently in pc, and no one here likes to grind
what mouse would u recommend me, price range under $50, but feel free to include some really worth spending mice
i play on what i find comfort, back in 1.6 iirc i was playing under 1 sensitivity lol ( was using deathadder ) But now im not competitive anymore, i just play for fun on csgo.. although im really hardcore on league, and Eso
im worried how the server system based are.. since i heard you can play on custom mades ( like cs custom srevers, surf maps,etc ) will we be able to use 1 character for any servers?
its new, straight from the guys coil case
yea thats the way i did it, and the coils are new. neever been touch
Tank tracks !
PC, NA-AD how much will it cost to buy a full "new player" package set? im a Stam NB, and looking for complete set ready. - Levels 25-49 sets - Hunders rage 5 medium or night silence? ( prefered blue or greater ) with exploration traits
Typical ill just tell them to stop and defend, if were behind so that we can farm. If its middle ground, no one is on advantage, ill just help.. as gold can be earn when you fight..
it is a mobile game, thats taking them over 2-5 years to release lol..
Just go and buy ESO, reminds me much of GOT
why not ask in zone chat for group? then join as random dungeon? or u cant in vet levels?
just a curiousty, whats your goal as a developer? also are you focus on parts for PvP contents, or more so polishing the game/ pve content
you dont really use controllers for World of warcraft-type games.. theres atleast more than 12+ skills to use.. also its more efficient. But if you do plan on using controllers, i suggest games that support and is playable using a controller like The elder scrolls online. Or Tera but these games are high end graphics, and im not sure if your pc can handle it..
People tend to go the meta weapons cuz its faster, what i learn from this game is, do as you pleased! anything works
leave ur pc on for the night.. game is big and slow download after 80% its fast.. ( i have fios internet good internet speed, and it took me 2-3hours )
what passives?
hey, i just started pvp'n recently, im lv 18 atm.. 2h/bow.. im wondering how do i deal damage efficiently? Im sort of confuse as to, whats my skill rotation? i typically go with, poision injection &gt; blur &gt; ambush, switch to 2h &gt; spam wb, maybe hit once for brawler dots,shield &gt; spam more wb &gt; back to ambush for stun or ultimate siphoning &gt; excute/wb ( and somewhere between i use cripple ) yes im low level, but i do love to min/max as a pvper For my bar i have - WB - Brawler - Excutioner/Crit rush - Blur - Cripple - Consuming darkness My 2nd bar its my leveling bar for pvp, basically 2 skills of bow, shiponing ultimate and other nb skills from each tree to level.
what i found out building, more wraps = lower ohms.. typical 5-6wraps is around .5ohms dual
do any of you guys have some footage of massive zergs battle? i wana show my friend how amazing this game is from 1 clip.. but all i see in youtube is how much they criticize the lag in pvp lol
so i can be lv 1 grinding at a lv 30 zone? or levels is remove from game??
why is it, my cottons always seem to taste burnt. but when i check, theres still a solid moist spot ( maybe 2-4 more pulls before it goes fully white and need of a wick ) fused clapton 28/32 kanthal, 5wraps on 58w velocity rda.
made sure their evenly pulsing, i have ocd with building lol.. although im not sure if this actually creates friction but when i wick it, i sometimes touch the coil with my plastic unicorn bottle..
i vape all day every day yow
this is the reason why i quit gw2. although it doesn't bother me much, as im more of pvper and will most likely get all 4 classes to 50 before this stupid content hits.
this is whats wrong with companys, they cater to casuals/new players, and not the community of the game who loves the game.
sure! always love to see healers doing what they do best:) btw do u know a good stam dk race/ what weapons i should be leveling with for pvp
ok i just checked my 10ml bottles, and i forgot i vaped them alot last time, so now ill throw it my silly rabbit 30ml 0mg with the 2 5ml juices, creamy latte and convicted melons.. http://imgur.com/FZqGwZ4
will do! sry im busy atm
ok updated!
updated!! if u dont like silly rabit, i have moo fields.
around last week
sweet! btw do weget the crowns when we buy eso+ or it comes later after the next month u pay
all? 15$ which gauge u want? runnbl3@outlook.com
if your rushing to endgame, then yes go research about what build you wana use, so that you can focus on leveling the weapons skill set, gears,etc. But if you just wana take your time, then feel free to do whatever you please.. this game has no hard set-meta. Anything WORKS! you can be a mage class using duel wield swords/daggers and still do well. or a rogue-type class with heavy armor set, and restroration staff and be the best healer in your group! Also make sure to read all bookshelfs ( dont really have to read them, but just click on it ) since it gives you free level up on a random skill tree must have addons -Skyshards -Lorebooks collect them. skyshards - every 3 collected, you gain 1 skill point lorebooks - this is the way to level mage guild
paypal
looks clean, but when i zoomed in the middle of the right coils in the right picture seemed to be spaced out.. great first time tho!
do they give better exp than the regular zone? EP?
im curious to this aswell, is the leveling at wrothgar faster ( quests gives more exp, and shorter ) also is lv 15 a good level to start leveling there?
pvp rip!
Games been getting aloooot of DLC in the past year... and their still putting new ones later this year.. can't ask for a better company and a game.. cough archeage cough
If your looking for that old mmorpg feel. ESO does it right! weapons,gears are so uselful in early levels, and mobs hard. it doesnt take 1 skill to kill, but actually have to dodge,stun,interupt, block. Leveling is slow but entertaining, theres 2 options.. you grind to max or you quest,dungeon,craft,explore,pick-lock chests, rob npc in towns, tresspass into some random npc house and steal their loots. Cons - guards are godlike in this game.. you can outrun them, but you can't hide. Pros - never seen such a great community, always wanting to help people. They don't ask anything in return!
iirc, i signed up for a guaranteed play-time.. is it this june?
whats the pros, cons of being dk
i feel as your also vaping the electric tubing lol.. if i were you, i'll just use the tank as a dripper!
ESO, you think the first zone your in is great? wait till you go to the next one! im on a faction EP, their zone has been the best scenery i've experienced.. ( WOw,aion,bdo,aa,bns,gw2,etc ) best $20 game i ever spent! games worth atleast $60 from the amount of content it provides, and loads of dlc, and more to come! also no subs required!! but if you do plan on getting eso+ its $15 monthly, plus all DLC AND 1500 crowns ( $15 ) ALL FREE!!! on every monthly purchased/re-sub games getting bigger, better!
how much money did u throw at this game?
does cvs,walgreens sell them? i use abreva whenever i get cankersores
is stam sorc, one of them "heavy reliant" class on cp? class looks a ton of fun, but i feel like with 0 cp, ill be useless af.
should i go magicka sorc while leveling, then stam sorc for pvp? also what race will best suite stam sorc? and what is the typical skill build? ( new to the game, dont really know what are those skills )
hey is it better off to go full magicka points while leveling, then switch everything to stamina at cap? my current build will be 2h/bow, 2 skills of 2h, and poison inject.. rest are on sorc skills, then switch off 1 skill for vigor. Or should i rush momentum for that sweet health regen early levels? what armor sets should i be using as i level? with 5med,1light,1heavy?
GunZ - if you were my twin that run cw nonstop, detention . hmu!
i went as orc, going with fengrush build due to his experienced playing as stam sorc.. do we lack magicka recovery? cuz i feel like since i have 0 cp, ill be spammin dark deal alot.
did they ever upgraded their graphics?
This is the reason i made stamsORC, fengrush has caught my attention with his build and gameplay.. but i do wonder, is the damage we see from his stream done by his teammates or hes damage is on par. also do u know any sets i can run while leveling? im currently going for dw/2h, and switching off to bow at 50.. ( only need poison injection from bow iirc )
Havent heard a single hate comment on ESO
nope, all isee are praises of how much the game improved, and how well they have implemented a yearly dlc content, sooo much new releases! were even getting "housing system" this fall/august :D
PCMASTERACE!
vapretrik doing a fathers day sale aswell, go check out their juice rainbownuggets, by far the best cereal juice i've tried.. also dont need code!
no such thing as better, beside that pc gets early updates, addons, better graphics,keyboard n mouse for efficiency... consoles? i feel as pvp community is more alive but then again i have yet to get max lvl in pc.
stamsorc &gt; magicka sorc
gayyyyyyyyyy
Are there any low level PvP guild for EP? PC NA.
im stam sorc, im 2h/dw.. aoe is great, single target is great. Either one is fine.. play what u want/whatever fits your playstyle..
stop being a reddit wh0re
ESO is far more graphically pleasing when it comes to sieging. what i dislike bout gw2 wvw, is basically everyone huddle in 1 small circle, rushing doors,keeps.. which gets dull real fast. also for eso we get more siege weapons to use, like pouring boiling hot oil down the staircase. Gw2 seems like a childgame compare to eso.. eso gets more contents yearly. every quarter we get new content, and this august/fall were getting housing system! eso "wvw" requires more tactics, and communication than, "ok lets all bunch up, rogue stealth us.. ok gogogogoo" if u want long term play, and know theres a bright future, eso is your choice!
so this might be ask alot, but im fairly new to vaping and havent been on this sub lately, i have a 60w boxmod ( evic mini ) im trying to get a pre-made clapton, what gauges are best for 60w mod on velocity rda dual coils ? also any sites u recommend ( not ebay )
/u/PCMASTERRACE &gt;:D
Lets watch them farm minions for 39minutes! Yayy. Esports
does anyone here watches fengrush what addon does he use to switch skill sets on the go? im not sure if he was in combat at that time or not, but he had that pvp skill "spikes" for aoe dmg, once he throws that down.. he switch back to his normal heal bar. ( all these is the back bar set )
lol ur shit is all b.s i hope no one takes ur comment serious, ESO has a bright future
is there any beta this year?
What hes saying is reddit community are bunch of asses lol. But if you browse around eso subreddit, its completely the opposite. eso has the best mmorpg community i've ever experienced.. Guilds would invite you just so they can craft you gears, help you out on a quest,dungeons.. What mmorpg has been without a hacker, or people getting ban? He makes it sound as if eso community are all hackers, and elitist. the fact he said pvp is dead, is the obvious reason all his shit are b.s or maybe you havent even touch eso lol
Yea that sucks, but others love it. I dont mind it at all since you scale high levels, not down.. gw2 scales your level down.
so housing wont be coming out before one tamriel confirmed?? "We’ll release a lot more info on Housing in ESO closer to the end of year. For now, we’re concentrating on our August update and One Tamriel. It’s going to fun, though! "
eso is still a great game. give the devs some time to fix this up. their hands are full with all dlc's releasing and housing system. its not like blizzard were they have 100+employees.
theres a non cp lv 50 campaign, but everytime i take a look at their population.. it seems low. Also i heard 300cp is the standard for "vet" campaign pvp. also if im 200cp, going against a 500cp, will i get 1shotted? or do i have a chance?
Agreed. but its not to the point where the game is unplayable, nor becomes a distraction that takes away enjoyment. Still, they need to fix these bugs, that was found 2years ago
ezy dripper save lifes
1- AA 2- WoW 3- Tera 4- ESO 5-AION/GW2 no hesitations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9UEWSwd3pI requires a bit of sweat.
they need to focus on redoing their mathematics on tanks. How does a tank become unkillable with godlike damage?
its the role, thats what assassins do. and thats why lb is so squishy.
u should try to take on trion company, and ask them about p2w :)
how??? i have about 3days put in, and still lv 4 on alliance skill tree lol.
tbh, they keep ignoring us pvp community. while you pve folks get everything u want every dlc lol
wow your full of shit.
we have dlc, are u saying to quest in worthgar? or theres grindspots there?
dont u think lv 10 is a bit to low for grinding in sewers?
from what i can tell, its Tera without those lolis pedophiles.
if ur in range, ofc the skill is gna work, how is this an exploit?
u must be new to mmorpg lol. why cant u? its a skill that interacts with players, it doesnt matter...
yummmmmmm
Run dungeons, ask around, join a guild. since ur new, enjoy the game!
ESO
if u enjoy clicking, yes.
Any low level/ BWB guild? im PC NA, DC. i have discord,ts if needed! @mechsauc3
dont waste ur time on it, unless u really like the game
enough? 500cp is already good. Let us newbie catch up plz lol
"Ambidexterity: This passive ability has been renamed to “Ashlander.” Also, in addition to the current benefit it now reduces your damage taken from lava by 50%." LOL
how she vapes? have u tried doing dual with the same setup? i find that velocity is mainly for duals, and have yet to try single build on it
they can't even fix the lag in pvp, how do u expect them to design this?
honestly maplestory 2 was made for children eyes. i mean look at the damn graphics, its like your playing legos!
why make a game, that already exist? go outside!
WoW = a true mmorpg, it has all the contents u need! beside sandbox lol ESO = has skyrim elements, with dark theme like game of thrones lore. But mixing it with mmorpg elements. i quit WoW for ESO and only eso got me playing tons of hours into an mmorpg again.. graphics are amazing, lore is there ( i heard it was amazing ), pvp is there. DLC contents every quarter!
riot been adding lots of "outplay" mechanics on those reworks and new champs huh.. not gna lie, new ryze ult is nice... but old ryze ult feels more unique to the champ.
No it is riot. People do get butthurt so they report you. Then your account gets suspended for 2weeks.
skyshards,lorebook,destinations
1 pros of vaping against smoking cigarettes is.. Maybe your allergic to a type of food/fruit.. well guess what! vaping offers that food,fruit,etc you been always wanting to try without suffering allergic reactions! also, thanks for giveaway!
how long is the playtime of the whole story, from intro pack to episode 6?
is it anything like assassins creed? or just basically locked instanced.. 1 mission to complete or can i go out of my way and have fun?
do you know if shots are now being determined by the angel you use on the stick? i havent played 2k since 2k13 lol
I fix it by removing 1 ram stick but now its on but stuck on my mobo logo?
Update.. it just shutdown by itself and now back to square one..
Should the power supply be turned on when draining or completly off, unplug
Made a new post with mor details if you could take a look at it..https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/5lkf9c/pc_wont_boot_shuts_down_after_a_few_seconds/ Also im not sure if my last reply got sent or not cuz im using my mobile phone.. but should i leave the power suplly cable on or unplug? Ty
Made a new post with mor details if you could take a look at it..https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/5lkf9c/pc_wont_boot_shuts_down_after_a_few_seconds/
None.. i made sure its firmly tight
Not really bent but the pin to lock the cou fan in place.. and yes in sure its the correct 4pin. Btw some guy said to try and drain my mobo.. by removjng the 24pin cable but he left out the part if i should leave my power supply cable on or off while holding down the stsrt button for 20 sec
no i didnt reqpply thermal paste i dont have any.. im using a stock intel cpu.. i remove the heatsink from the fan..
I wont be able to get one till tmrw.. also a detail i forgot to put was.. i get no connection to my monitor.. pc turns on.. no display.. few seconds later it turns off and automatically turns on again
I didnt apply a new thermal paste. I was told to do this first before trying anything else
Another question... could it be possible that the reason why my pc wont show any display and turning off automatically then turning on, repeatedly, is due to the pre applied thermal paste being "done"/ used up and in need of a new tp? Ive had my pc for 2 years and i decided to clean the cpu fan and heat sink just last night.. without re applying any tp.. now im having issues and pc doesn't turn on normally.. i cant even get into the bios nor see any display Ty
i've had this for 2 years now.. and i cleaned it last night.. when putting evetything back together.. my pc wont show any display no logo, no bios.. then it would turn off.. automatically turning on right after.. been like this since last night .
Theres a story behind this.. i cleaned my cpu heat sink and fan last night.. and havent gotten anything to work for my pc to turn on..my pc wont show any display no logo, no bios.. then it would turn off.. automatically turning on right after.. been like this since last night .
Talking about a 2 year used cpu fan/hheatsink. The pre applied paste is almost all gone..i see some spots without any paste aswell
btw is the tp on bestbuy good enough? The 10$ one.. just to make sure.. a pea size on the cpu right? Also should i use a coffe filter or paper towel to clean the left over tp on the cpu and heatsink?
I also need to clean off the tp on the heatsink right?
Does it mattrr what brand i use for thermal paste? off besbuy. Also do u have any picture showing the amount? I dont wana destroy my cpu lol
Does it matter if im not into oc? The brand of tp.. and how do i know if i put too much or to little tp?
how do i know if i put too much or to little tp? Also does it matter which brand of tp. I dont plan on overclocking
which one lol http://imgur.com/a/BnnY4
http://imgur.com/a/783Wj doesnt show up, but my new ssd does show up on bios
http://imgur.com/a/783Wj doesnt show up, but my new ssd does show up on bios
i just wana play games on my ssd..
nothing showed up for my 250gb.. only my hdd
i downloaded the samsung driver "magician" and it also only recognized my hdd not my ssd -.-
full spec here, http://pcpartpicker.com/p/YWrRwP minus the monitor, windows 7 key cuz this is my very first build.
cuz they use p2p for online, which i heard really sucks.. maybe their taking it out and putting a better server host/connection online?
My fix was purely by accident. I was in Admin Tools and saw "Memory Diagnostic Tools" and clicked on it as I've never seen it before. After Windows rebooted after the test, all my drives were there! Why it worked I have no idea but it did. Hope this helps.
My fix was purely by accident. I was in Admin Tools and saw "Memory Diagnostic Tools" and clicked on it as I've never seen it before. After Windows rebooted after the test, all my drives were there! Why it worked I have no idea but it did. Hope this helps.
ty
obviously u dont even play archeage lmao. Queue is gone. everyone gets in instantly. but yeah queue was really bad for the first two weeks.
haters gna hate
boss mechanics are actually fun and challenging ( endgame ones ) like serpentis... your like in a maze complete each room and advance to the next one.
all i read was it wasnt me, so i dont like it. fucking hater.. do u even play cs?
your dumb.
Archeage is made for pvp'ers but their farming and crafting system are worth while as a pve'r. Its literally like playing farmville.. you plant crops/breed animals.. you can water your plants to grow faster.. butcher your animal for meat or mate them... then you can make a "Trade pack" and run that to other zones to sell to npc merchant for money or "gilda stars"
are these fused claptons? hard to tell.. btw where you get them?
archeage, its made for pvpers... so much pvp content... dfo, skill based.. literally can win without any gears just a good weapon from pure skill. eso, its fun "arcade" feel combat.. but content lacks pvp.. gets dull after doing the same shit for 2 months...
so which one is fake ? i think the left one is
r/Mooch315
our own reddit battery tester lol
/u/Mooch315
crowfall and those independent company wont be out till 2018 .. so bless online.. revelation i heard is goin fully asain generic p2w game so fck that.
are they gna finally release battlegrounds ?
ESO, Archeage... in archeage yes some c lass is stronger.. but its just a l2p process.. learn to counter and how to use skills in situations..
so is baka the east weebo guild, and senpai for west?
i meant from the title was a tank spec with sustained dmg..
what do u think of sk vs abolisher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWFdBlEw5lw
cuz bronze-diamond is elo hell... i suck and im in diamond..
where the laser point is at, is where an enemy dead body is... and when ever im defending and looking outside the window, its just like having the sun staring back at you.
no idea, once i got into the knicks.. i never seen him play.. nor any news.. how do i check this?
maplestory..
i mean i did it leveling 1-55 by just questing.. which is sadly faster than how people lvl off-spec at lv 55.
is it worth running 1 pack? i dont have any farm cart but a donkey lol.
which of the operators/maps benefits most from acog? also do u think i should use silencers for main gun ? or will i be sub-par?
its crazy how young she looks. then i google her name and damn.. she gna be a fine ass milf
whos the girl on the fish net?
20
maybe next time, he'll be asking.. what juice you vaping on lol
I ask this on for honor sub reddit, they said that it was ubisoft custom "connection" cabt really rephrase what he said ( no experience in tech internet shit) but from what i understand it wont feel like p2p at all.. nor give any advantage
whats the difference compared to rx200? does it perform better/ enhance your vape, of some sort?
no one cares
Forgot that, Im on PC btw.
thanks, and also im on pc
pc.. msg me if ur interested!
did he retire ? havent been watching bulls, but when i do.. i never see him
Should commentate on the plays, if your trying to get tractions/views... i closed it right away, music and top 5 plays dont mix well..
what do we win exactly?
Vaping more in the winter, yay! finding out gsv release a cereal juice to try, yaayy! ty
&gt; passive aggressive ellipses is that a sign i have elipses ?? also im new to game, but i did search before posting about lightning effects, and seems like this was a problem since day 1 of release.. which only tells me ubi rather do other things than fix what 99% of the community wants to get fix..
usually people will use their mic, if you start communicating.. like any info would motivate others to also take part.. ie. hey someone shoot the camera, hey im gay... etc...
Archeage, made for pvp.. tons of pvp content, game actually force you to pvp! if ur a true pvp'er i would highly recommend archeage.. dont mind the p2w stuff, its more of p2progress faster.. but if u start now, you wont be behind 90% of the pvp community in 2weeks ( if u need to know how to gear, ask! )
knicks, rose is the starting pg. and melo, noah are both injured ( 2-4weeks )
just tried switching but now, it seems my left side playback seems low compared to my right side.. and i dont get that " click " feel when plugging my headset to green port
i cant cause the front usb port is sensitive, a tiny wiggle and it auto disconnect/connect reset the headset... i have no idea why.. so i just plug it in the back with the rest of the usb ports and the length is too small to be put in the front while the usb cable is on the back
so just tried that.. and it still only works when i test it on the speaker tab in realtek.. digital output tab doesnt seem to give me any playback.
im also hearing weird feedbacks whenever i click something, scroll up n down with my mouse... when the usb is connected to the front..
btw do u know any subreddits dedicated to sounds tech for pc? or general sounds-pc , of some sort?
is this normal? i think i might of fix it lol.. http://imgur.com/a/rgym0 are we not suppose to use the digital output tab for headset? but only use the speaker tab ( realtek audio )
&gt; is this normal? i think i might of fix it lol.. &gt; http://imgur.com/a/rgym0 &gt; are we not suppose to use the digital output tab for headset? but only use the speaker tab ( realtek audio )
got it, finally got it working! i can now sound whore in games lol.
u talking about http://imgur.com/a/zs1AP ?
last question, do u know if any of these matter? http://imgur.com/a/07skv or is it specify to what type of headset your using?
have this been proven?
5) Nost asks someone else to shut down vanilla wow server that Nost helped launch did u not read the tldr? lol retard.
haha yes, i just received my long time adv juice.. and found out that they remove koolada in their recipe.. it sucks because koolada is what made the juice my very first and only adv.. btw for what ever reason.. i can smoke 6 sticks a day but cant smoke a single tobacco flavor..
thx i picked the company closer to NY lol btw im very new to "DIY" and im not even sure you can call it DIY when im just adding koolada in a juice i bought from some company.. does the effect hits as soon as i put it in the juice or i have to shake and steep it for a day? i was going to try 1 drop a time but not sure if this will work..
so does the koolada effect kick in as soon as i mix it ? i did order it from bcv with a empty 10ml bottle just in case!
Anymore behind the scenes like this?
Remindme! 8 hour
Does it matter which you start off with? like pg first then vg then nicotine.. etc
that dual wield axe guy is gna be my main!
how is this in english title, then u commentate foreign language -.-
use 1 coil then?
I have eso account i dont use.. i quit that game for 2 years now.. happy yo trade it!
gw2 has some really nice community, which is why every " is gw2 worth it" post have almost everyone from gw2 game come in here and talk about how good it is lol... even tho tbh its a game for casuals.. so if ur not hardcore.. gw2... both bdo n eso requires alot of time put to be on-par with the rest.. while gw2.. u can just reach lv 10 in 5minute and be playing endgame content lol
is gcd the same as it's in wow? or u literally just press 1 button every second and cant put out combos like wow
u grind the same mob spot literally for 1 month, just to get gears. and its rng drop aswell.. u can get it in a day, in 1 month, in 2 month... after u get those gear.. u farm a new mob spot for another month for those rng upgrade item ( forgot what its called, i quit the game ) and then after that.. u grind a new mob spawn for new gear... bdo is a 2nd life game.. either u grind all day/week to stay competitive or u lack behind and get 1shoted
wow.. this just ruined the game for me.. specially when u have 40 other skill to use..
p2w game? or p2progress. 1 year while non payers need 3 years to catch up?
got a link to this? sry on mobile and wifi sucks ass rn
eve if u like hardcore grinds
what mmorpg u guys decided to play? im interested.. currently not playing any mmorpg.. since nothing i've tried suited me.. nor got me to stick longer than 2months lol
yea i did, a slight two steps? left side ear but was unclear to me if it was infront of me or behind me.
pics would really help.. make sure to get every detail too. Maybe you plug something in the wrong port?
So in uplay app. its invalid.. but if you go to the site, it works! thx op
or if ur using chrome just download hola-addon and connect to uk.. ez free simple, fast
aslong as we got the confirmation email for it ( from scar site ) were guaranteed access? or just another chance on getting in the beta
got mine =[ maybe check ur spam?
RO395PR3QUDL28H9 taken, thx!
u can just click the link i pm'ed you, also the guy asking whats the wattage of your psu? whats the power rating on it
i didnt read a single damn word out of this. LOL
is malware bytes free?
was this an email? i got a code and email through scars but never had this.
make sure to apply new thermal paste everytime you take out the cpu heatsink!
damn didnt think anyone would still remember this game.. so much fun back in the day... all about ur skills and not ur gear. gunz 2 was a fail... they removed k style and the game died due to that lol. i tried goin back to gunz last year and everyone pretty much a pro now, theres new moves like half step dash with crazy animation stutter..
isnt servers p2p? i heard alot of bad things, like streamers wouldn't play a full game 5 times straight cuz host keeps changing or d/c..
wheres the viking love?
its more of a chill type mode.. more of a socializing but when u know the guy whos been winning for awhile still hasnt lose yet.. its worth once your next..
lol lets not play meta and bring us good entertainment..
&gt; Guards and Thieves game looks a ton of fun, whats the whole goal of this game tho?
i received 60 vg, sry
sucks being an altholic... how do i stop this habit?
i hate coils like this..... without glow shots =[
were u spotted b4 this? did u forgot to kill the cams? honestly might be a call out.. but then again, seems fishy to me
finally a post with a jucie that i actually vape lol.. did u use any enhancers on your bluemuffin juice?
60$ is nothing in archeage.. i know many people that spent over $1k already on the game.. and the gap is huuge
Call of duty. Mw2 days.
whats the population of wild raiderz?
can't get enough of brulee, too bad i got no money to restock but hopefully i can get it in time before sale ends
use hola-addon, change it to uk.. ezpz
siege is a fps game.. i cam understanf that.. but why does p2p gives the host to a shitty internrt? I remember playing cod back then amd had 0 issue with p2p
i didnt know we had to save the key we got from scar site... do we need another key to play?
doesnt really confirm anything, "There's no NDA so the forums are open for all to view. Also invites are in process of going out, so I would check back at a later time to see if an invite comes through. The game tile should show something along the lines of For Honor Beta."
cuz for honor preload is today, and the hype is real
so wwhy was my friend able to preload even though hes located in US?
isnt that the case for everyone, even if u were in EU?
is it in ur installed list tab?
am i pushing my luck? ty again for another giveaway and that 50%off
spam this shit on their twitter!
Which do u prefer? I just want unlimited resource to spawn more but i cant test all cuz i have slow internet.. 150kbs :(
lol i cant fucking remember how to spell these samurai names.. do u have any tips as a oroshi main?
kb + mouse.. you would want all ur fingers on a button instead of having to move ur fingers around
Remindme! 6 hour
i think its cuz they think they already know the game by just playing a day of beta... LOL
ramen, so good in cold, summer, and specially when ur sick!
all these whining about how class is op/broken, learn to counter them.. learn how to play against that class.. stop making up excuses cuz ur bad.
get better internet? im 50mbps up/down and havent seen nor experience a problem...
The game is fun.. still buying it!
why you seem mad? cuz u know what your style of play is lame? when you know that b.s reasoning behind " oh its a 2v2" ima go run and poke then run, then poke.. then run more! dont be a pussy, if you wana 2v2 then go ahead but dont run like a bitch
lol why u deleted your video?
archeage #1
well maybe if you get better internet...
i really don't feel like waiting 1month just for a chuff cap lol
would this be a mixure of hitman genre and far cry type game?
r/hitboxporn
howd u find my shitpost under all these comments LOL.. and yeah i just dont like it when someone spouts out mis information
upvoted for visibility
by anychance anyone wana lend me their starz account for viewing last season of black sails? i really wana watch it but im on a tight budget and can't afford to resub on starz ( amazon )
Lul knights coukdnt even win 1 day of faction war.. keep lying to yourselves haha
are elimination how it sounds? a team of 4 with a 1v1 scenario.. if u kill a player u stay then the next player is up to fight you?
someone can potentially make a huge site for, for honor emblems like bf4emblems and make a ton of money!
Link?
40$ game title? You must be dreaming... they're giving all future dlc free! 60$ is a fair price, look at how well siege is doing. For honor is following siege's game model and thats great!
thing is, EU players can pre-order and use the code.. NA players cant.
whens obt?
is this for EU only? im from NA and not sure if the pre-order is only for EU
did u pre order on this site? im wondering if u get the key b4 release or is it possible that u get the key a few days after release?
did u pre order on this site? im wondering if u get the key b4 release or is it possible that u get the key a few days after release?
tbh, you know damn well you have ur internet on 99.9% of the time your on ur pc lol..
wait u already got ur key?
context?
as a pvper playing pvp game, i dont give shit about lore's.. anything else?
u got no proof, stop lying to yourself.
p2p is shit, and all these comments of random people are just saying its not their type of game... ? these arent "documented logical reason"... next.
any gameplay footage aside from cinematics??
will you spend 100$ then?
i never been a mod but ill give it a shot!
u should also post this on https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/ its just like this sub reddit but on a more serious/informative/chill community.. not saying that r/vaping is bad, but i notice theres more people there willing to help out.
naah tbh, if ur balling.. then why not.. but deluxe is worth the money imo. only thing in gold edition thats wortth is the all 6 new classes and 1 week early access to future content..
lmaoo she didnt even knew she got rob until she went on twitter.
that intro tho LOL
whats his stream link?
minions op
ice was in the shower, but forgot he didnt had a towel.. his door's locked for voldasad to give him one, and the camera was pointed at the bathroom door.. so literally if he went out we would see his dick. ice had to put the mexican sombrreo to cover himself to unlock the door.. which is what kyle is wearing.. the DICK SOMBREO..
Whos adrian and why is he loved by the community?
that shit is dead, i tried 5 people and not accepted my friend request, we need a new megathread
geisha wasnt giving it.. so fuck it!
should of done a vid where u guys painted and setup the stream room &gt;.&gt;
https://www.reddit.com/r/Rivenmains/comments/5xfeuz/updated_matchup_thread/?st=izut3mb8&amp;sh=58306ea6 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zg_FKOHW0MUkfSINFLf4mIkH5ByUCO3a4roPMCI3Q4c/edit#gid=0 i find this alot useful, specially i have no experience being a top laner..
WOW
whats the difference bet ween a swivel and me just clamping the outer wire with my 2 fingers while its rotating in the drill?
find a champ you really enjoy playing, a champ you still have fun even if u lose.. and m ain that champ.
1. Tyler1 2. T1 3. Tayvon 4. april 30th 2016 5. REFORMED
their audience isnt big enough compared to tyler,greek,ice.. also they barely stream LUL
i could imagine him getting in more serious confrontation with the EU police... since EU is having a terrorist problem
Holy shit, thats a fuck ton of juice! Im in!
why keep ruining good entertainments?
Theres many match up builds.. and their in the making on making a huge list of what to build against a specific champ.. i would just go in discord and ask when ur bout to play.. but the 2 core items are dd and bc.. Bc against tanks and dd against a skillmatch ups.. theres more to this.. but im only a 2week riven main.
Theres many match up builds.. and their in the making on making a huge list of what to build against a specific champ.. i would just go in discord and ask when ur bout to play.. but the 2 core items are dd and bc.. Bc against tanks and dd against a skillmatch ups.. theres more to this.. but im only a 2week riven main.
Ask tyler1 he leveled 22 accounts to 30 i heard he did it under a week
what makes u assume i think im good as riven? theres so much to learn, even now the high iq riven still learns something new... sidebars only tells u the mechanics, but im looking for some insight about how should i go about..
ohms might be too low? is it like a ticking, thud sound or like letting an air out from the ballon hissing?
Was curious jf u guys offer to gold 5 players aswell?
Nasus went roamer build spammed w and dorans ring... was my fault by not goin maw and instead i rushed bc.. and yes i def need more knlowedge on matchups.. only thing i know currentlt is get exe against swain and vlad.. bf against champs that builds tanky armor... dd against skill matchups
Any updates on this? Cant wait!
i build gb when enemy team is all poke and hard to chase... dont really know if its worth it tho.. im still new
I stopped playing cuz theres no rank mode..
Cuz of rank.. dont know bout you but once rank comes out in for honor.. im goin back!
lol nerd
wheres the vod?
12 btw haHAA
why would we want to see the face of those internet kids that keeps saying racist slurs
t1 the alpha gorilla, the subs and fans are t he little monkeys.. the plebs/ twitch con fighters are the people in the background
this reddit is spammed with asain andy appreciation threads.. i couldnt find anything
http://imgur.com/a/pzTdF yes way
Is the stream room done?can you give Any updates ?
Lol but it didnt happen? So why even bother trying to imagine it
urgot is currently by far the best choice. Very versatile, great teamwork abilities.. high dmg and great at carrying games!
love playing hanzo in ow and getting flame by team mates to switch hereoes!
did u do this all by yourself?
stop teasing us and give us a day,week,month XD
next year btw
At most his gettinf 20k.. but 30k? u dreaming?
Pm'd!
Longer streams= 4hr streams
After i signed the nda i quickly gotten another email with key.. did u atleast grt a discord invite?
greek with lame ass reason for watching e3 : for the boys LUL
way better than greek's shit..
not being as viable compared to other champs in late game is the only con for Jayce.. but i always see a few jayce picks during lcs.. those games usually are late ggame, games.. so im wondering why do they pick jayve if they know jayce falls off to the point were e q wont do shit anymore
do u brush ur teeth before you go to bed? might be tooth paste issue, try changing it for a couple of days..
whens the next stream?
has riot ever approved and put a community skin in the game?
is greek girl banned or something? dont really know why shes hiding herself lol... also its obvious that greek is pussy whipped, so whenever katherine is there, expect to have 2-3stream weekly l
true, i liked greek ever sinced he showed up on soda's stream.. now i feel like hes forcing to be funny, austistic streamer..
U tryna kill people's job bro?
If u find one.. share it pls
wait whys everything hating on ice during E3? havent watched him lately
Got a 1920 x 1080?
??????????
do you have one for 1920 x 1080?
cut those leads! also try to straightnen those coils for even better flavor enhancement!
he spends 300$ on his league accounts tho lol
do you think fiora is broken and needs nerf?
Got vod link? Also is he still getting the tri hard face on his fiat lol
whos gna snitch? you?
did u add me? didnt get any friend request
he gets on greek.. but his too addicted to league to even turn of stream lol
Were still deciding seems like all the good ones are taken...
Triforce over bc? Any reasons behind this
is the banner vod link always updated after each streams?
thanks for another giveaway!
your the engage
its a movie dude, there just things that are meant to be fake..
because thats how it came to be? does it matter lol
lol u actually think tyler gives a fuck about whats on our mind...
lol dafck
who would still watch band of brothers after watching it over 5 times already?
Cant wait for hbo to release a vietnam war series
retard
did they say anything about those fused clapton spools being back?
that ass is literally how greek ass looks, LUL
It should just be an auto promo win if you've been in that rank already.. helps redufe toxicity and increase the desire to win
i hate how the game looks tbh.. its like made for ages under 12.. this was the killer for me.. i was hoping they would go dfo style were maplestory turned into teens/adults...
eso is ur next best choice.
i remember spending months just to get to lv 30 in this game lol.. i remember being lv 100 means you were a god
how many players are gna be on this? also are they thinking of upping the rates just a bit?
i can handle mechanics just fine.. i did main riven for quite some time.. just saying lol... also i posted my runes, and will be posted my champ pool after this game. also what do u run ww runes? i was interested with his new rework.. i was thinking of buying graves as my first REAL jg champ.. but im not sure if his good to solo queue climb with..
how bout Vi? is she in a good state rn? ganking,teamfight wise?
Im looking forward on picking up graves maybe future main aswell.. im jew tp jg.. can u release ur jg path ? ( for ganking early.. full clear.. invading enemy jg ) Ty
Theres this guy on na opgg who builds ghost blade b4 triforce.. his master rank.. was wondering why does he build that?
is this offer still up? adding you, candogu
you know it would be really cool to have a mech tube mod but instead of having 0 safety regulated mech mod, turn that into a regulated "mech" tube mod! no need for display but have those safety features, maybe led lights for warnings,10sec firing safety,battery low..etc
Remindme! 7 days
from what i've seen, its like dragonest all grown up... why u say that?
"let me redeem myself" haHAA
mods think they can get money out of ice LUL..
whats his stream link?
why is it called games,gaming,gamers then?
is the pvp scene heavy?
soon btw. but srsly, he prolly gna take a year off like ditchjones.
didn't one guy leaked it on reddit but got removed due to law suit threats?
whats up with these recent ms post? is there a server releasing soon ? might hit up ms again.. anyone know good pserver?
1.outside 2.r/mmorpg
atleast WoW sends you to other places and zones, new areas everytime.. bdo is just standing in 1area killing the same mobs just for that 1 piece of gear lol
what goes on behind leagues? do you guys chill with other pro teams ?
Whats the new updated build?
Why rush botrk? I usually go bc into pd then dd
its not even her mechanics, its the way the items are really buff right now... why you think majority of champs are running bc and dd..
anyone know what juice he vape on?
Life is repetitive.. wake up brush ur teeth take a shit.. go back to sleep.. name a game that isnt repetitive
is th is all in the comics? or a video i can watch? his story going to hell sounds interesting.. also i just wana see him shoot the devil lol... btw how did he get immunity from genesis ? scene were preacher was telling him to stop but jesse found out that genesis doesnt work on him
anyone tried #1? sounds so delicious.. might try it out..
GSV60 is better :)
I still use it cuz im a rda user.. i havent gone back since
before there was ice, there was the austis gross gore.. cmonBruh
Why did u quit league for WoW :thinking:
or how about being a stealth healer class!
strawnilla /u/bottomofthevape
blame those whales who doesnt care wasting pocket change in games..
except this isnt real life.. its a fucking game, and those who carried that got us the win, deserves a title..
greek can still be on ice stream tho right?
