What is the special Item anyway?
Got some tips for a scrub like me then? I really can't stand this map at high tiers...
Silver Fang. I just like those Old-Guy-but-extremely-powerful-characters. Also martial arts are cool.
You'll probably have to improve it by a lot. My clan for example requires at least 1,6k recent. And we weren't even close to getting a tank for anyone. Got some camos though.
Now i can't help but wonder. What happened afterwards? Did Dan bust you to Jess or did he keep silent? Did anything more serious develop between you and Lily? Just by what i've read here you seemed to be quite into each other (as in more than horny). Is there a Volume 3 coming or do we have to buy that on amazon? Not that i would mind that much. Just asking.
Where else would the gunner and commander be o.O?
Lol i hopped in my t54, played like 5 games, circlestrafed a Jagdtiger to death an bam that's 2100 damage against TDs... I didn't even try for that mission. Just play like you normally would and you'll get it eventually.
The most important thing for the is mobility. I think of it this way: How do i combat derpguns, gold ammo and arty? Don't get hit or better yet: Don't get spotted. Sometimes heavies and stuff are fun but i think mediums can be more consistent because of their flexibility.
The thing that really annoys me about platooning with arty, is that it basically makes the platoon useless. You can't do anything a normal platoon can. No double tracking, no "take a shot for me and we'll rush him". Nothing more than maybe that one shot every thirty seconds. I'd rather play alone than platoon with arty. At least then i'm not guaranteed arty on the enemy team every game i play.
First off: Get some order in your rambling. It's ok to not be a native speaker. But this post is really hard to read. But concerning your problem: I would suggest to never rely on stuff like that. Just learn the armorprofiles of the enemy tanks. It's not gonna take that long. Also: Wich tier 8 are you driving?
I play it in a way that never leaves me alone. So i always stick around other targets and do my part by doing damage, tracking and baiting shots. Sometimes heavies really want to shoot me instead of the heavies next to me. And i'll happily eat that shot if i baited him out far enough for him to eat 3 shells in return.
Don't forget that sexy HESH.
Then please do tell me what that magical "three"-button loads into my gun?
Go into the game, mouse over the "HE" round and read its name. It says "HESH". I can read thank you very much. Also your tanks.gg doesn't say anything. Try selecting the prem heshround on the Cent 7/1. It's also listed as HE. The shell's name however is and stays HESH. Its just "HESH L35" instead of "HESH L37".
How exactly is the Cent 1 a painless stock grind if you haven't gone down the heavy line? That comet gun at tier 8... Makes me shiver.
Why did I know that you were going to show up and say that the moment I read someone badmouth the 260?
To be honest the "Prem tanks have to be worse than same-tier tanks"-idea has kind of lost it's purpose. They don't do pref mm on new tanks anymore so there really is no reason for prem tanks to be shit. The only thing they can't be is more powerful than normal tanks. And many are still worse. Look at the STA-2. Worse in every way but dpm than the STA-1. But at least it's competitive. Even the IS3-A fullfills that criteria. The DPM difference to the normal IS3 doesn't matter compared to the huge boost to mobility the normal IS3 has. I don't get why people want premiumtanks to be worse in every way to normal tanks? Are they just mad that they can't buy them and can't tell themselves that the prems are worse anyway anymore? As long as they don't outperfrom the standardtanks you literally have nothing to complain about.
Instead of nerfing russian premiums to shit they should just buff all the others to competitiveness. There is no good reason for premium tanks to be worse than same tier normal tanks. As long as they're not better than researchable ones everything goes in my book. Also pref. makes a huge difference for the Löwe. The pen difference might not be big but you're forgetting all the rest. The HP-pool of tier 10s compared to 9s as well as the DPM. An Action X will shred you way faster than a cent 7/1 will even though they have the same pen.
Why does everyone have the idea that premiums have to be worse? It's not better than the IS3 so there is no problem. It's not paytowin. Also it doesn't perform worse than the IS3. If it did it would have pref MM. And we really don't need more of those running around. Just accept that it is a competitive tank and not an XP-Pinata like some of the older prems. They should just buff the old ones just enough to be competitive (depending on pref or normal MM that is) and be done with it.
I would actually agree that those are kind of BS. However more because of the crews they came with rather than the tanks themselves.
I wasn't talking about the Löwes DPM. I still think the idea of pref MM would make a huge difference to it. Not because of what the Löwe does to a tier 10 instead of a tier 9 but rather because of what those tanks do to the löwe. If it could never see a tier 10 the bad armor would matter less as well as the dpm just because the tanks it could face in a worst case scenario aren't as good.
Make the spottingcap different for different tankclasses. That would give lights a reason to exist in tier 9 and 10 games again. Make it like 500 for lights, 445 for mediums and something like 400 or below for the other classes. Also it would make binocs viable again for something other than camopiercing.
I still think open top tanks should just get +5 to crewskills standard. Maybe as a counterweight to the disadvantage you get from being autopenned by any HE shells from above?
The thing that always baffled me is that the Xbox version has such but ugly UI. They put so much effort into making the game look good but the UI looks like a mobile-indie-wotclone. Seriously the Ammochoices at the bottom look like someone made a 20x20 sprite in paint and just enlarged it.
Those are the game mechanics. Just because you don't like them it doesn't mean it's not a good game. I hate arty and rng as much as the next guy but i wouldn't say that WoT is not a good game. I wouldn't be playing it if i didn't think it was good. While you and i consider Arty and RNG a problem, many people don't. Just don't generalize games as good or not good because of mechanics you dislike. That's just your point of view. Don't try to convince people that everyone must think the same as you.
A lot of couples around me actually do that. Of course it‘s not a real punch but rather a poke. But given Animes tendency to take things to extremes i can see where that clichee comes from.
I can see him teaching stuff to child emperor with his afterimage while dodging all of his attacks!
I just want to see Nagisa eviscerate Yanagisawa and spread his intestines all around the classroom.
I would just argue that they don't want WW2 tanks in swamps and shit to look pristine and new. Wouldn't make much sense if the battle consisted of nothing but fresh off the line tanks. I don't mind beat up mudguards and stuff like that. Makes it look more like a vehicle that actually saw combat than a revell-modelkit imo.
Honestly they can have it for all i care. The Fv4202(p) is garbage anyway and it would need like a bazillion buffs to even compete for a spot in my regular played tanks. I'd rather train my crew in a cromwell B than that piece of junk.
I did that with the E-75 too. Switched them to the E-50 once i unlocked it and put the E-50 guys in the E-75. If i had any intrest in the leo i would retrain one of the gals to be a light tank grill so i could fill my RU but hey too late now.
It would be intresting to know if that works in WoT. I know it worked in Warthunder. Back then i used to load a lot less shells to keep my front ammorack in the Bulldog empty so i didn't get blown up that much.
By that logic why isn't the HEAT-54 higher in the ranking?
I guess people progress down the missions at different speeds. I'm around 5.2k battles in and i'm on MT-15 for the T55 and the other 3 missions are at around 5-7. Getting those honours on the 15s can be quite annoying though.
Any resident unicums that might give us a hint if it's worth 20 euros?
Companies shouldn't try to create memes... I just seems so forced. Some PR guy: "Guys memes are the shit let's throw some meme out using one of the characters. Make sure to put no effort into creating something fun. The internet will celebrate it anyway!"
I would argue it's better than the Leopard 1. While mobility isn't quite as badass as the Leopard you can still keep up with the russian hovertenks and for it you get a turret that actually bounces stuff once you start using a bit of your gun depression. Also the AX is a lot more HE proof than the Leopard.
Luchs definitely imo. Just because of how many tanks you can wreck with the autoloader if you get to be top tier. However you sacrifice the ability to get marks of excellence if you like to go for those. Also the Luchs has a really weird Crew layout, wich might lead to you having to retrain some crew for gold to other positions.
Then go for the Luchs. Cutest tank in world of tanks and a bunch of fun. Pretty much the only lowtier tank i willingly play.
I'd still go for the Mutz honestly. I can't speak for you but i don't mind having my radio operator behind by a bit. I'd rather have that than play that horrible slug that is the panther 8,8. Other option for crewtraining: Get a Pz T25 or a Turan III. I got my first ever Pools medal in that T25. It's just a glorious little tank and it trains 5 crewmembers for the Panther line. So does the Turan III only problem being that it runs out of ammo constantly.
You can deflect the Hanzio ultimate? TIL.
D.Va or Reinhardt. Reinhardt because he's german and i like to talk to cool old people. D.Va since she is pretty much my age, shares hobbies and seems like a nice person to get to know.
Not to keen on all those low viewranges. Of course it's nice for light tanks because they finally have a purpose again. But when everything is as blind as an IS3 or even worse we are gonna see so much more of the "oh i got hit by invisible tanks crap that frustrates many players. Even when not bushsniping.
Book spoiler: In the books that had been taken care of. Petyr was planning on marrying her to a good looking cousin of robin after letting robin die in training with the royce guy. maybe they'll work that into the series in some form or another.
I think the first major one i realized is Ramsay. I still can't take him seriously because all i ever see is simon from misfits.
Also what is Mycroft Holmes doing in the Iron Bank?
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Even while they were still behind the books in season 4 and 5 they already changed a lot of major plotpoints and left out a lot as well. Seasons 1-3 were much closer to the book. I wouldn't be surprised to see the plots drift even further apart in the future. Although i have to admit i didn't like a lot of the changes D&amp;D made. It always seems to me that they desperately want to prove "Hey we're just as good as Martin at writing stories!" but they always fail. The whole thing with Littlefinger and Sansa is much more plausible and "littlefingerlike" in the books compared to the show. In the books he just seems way more cunning and more well informed. Like he should be.
Hey Ectar. Would you mind doing me a favour? Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to find the Idiot who thought arty top of the tree was a good idea and get rid of him for good. Not just remove him from the company. Remove his existence from the face of this planet.
It really was yesterday. Got oneshot by artillery that wasn't even gunning for me but for the Jagdtiger i was passing. Combine that with two other shots that take off 80% of my health in the two following games and you have a recipe for salt.
Wouldn't the jews wipe themselves out by doing this? Also being circumsized (some medical crap as a child not hygene or religion related) i don't quite see how it would stop me from enjoying sex. Even if it is less fun than for uncircumsized men i have no way to compare and well... Judging by the amount of fapping i do i don't see how that would affect my sex-life if i had any?
I guess the only reason to buy this is that it is a better crewtrainer than the slöwe. Except for the missing second loader i think?
Thanks for the quick answer!
My point still stands. Let's say someone cut off a bit off my tongue when I was 1 or 2 years old. I would have no memory of how food tasted before that. I would still eat and enjoy food. The only Difference would be that I keep getting told the food would taste better if I had more tongue left. Why should i care? I can't change it now so what's the point in feeling bad about it. Afterall i still enjoy my food. Some foods will still be my favourite foods and i will enjoy them. What do you get out of constantly pestering me with how much better it would taste if I had more tongue left. Why should i care. I'm starting to get the impression that it's the uncircumsized people that are insecure about their members. What other reason would these people have to constantly try to convince us that our dicks are somehow inferior? You enjoy sex, we enjoy sex. If it makes you feel better telling yourself how much more fun you're having with your extra skin fine. I just don't get why you have to constantly try to make people feel bad about their dicks?
There is a Difference between pointing out a factual fault and backseatgaming though. I've never seen him get angry about someone politely correcting a factual error. What he hates are backseatgamers and people that pretend they're entitled to his friendship or something along those lines. At least that's how it seems to me.
What does having less than 5k battles have to do with being a noob?
I don't think he meant knowing wether he died or not. More like "I want to know if he killed none, just one or a hundred men."
For example the books handle the littlefinger and Sansa thing a lot better imo. Littlefinger handing the girl he has the hots for over to fuckin ramsay just doesn't make sense. There is no way he doesn't know what a bastard (in every sense of the word) ramsay is. They way he schemes in the books with that unknown heir to the veil and giving sansa the north as well as the veil just fits his character way better.
I only ever had that with the bran storyline. I almost skipped all of it. The rest of the story pretty much kept me hooked all the way through.
I'm just looking forward to getting back to reasonable sneaky Petyr. Him handing the girl he has the hots for over to ramsay never sat well with me. It's such an unfitting way of acting for him. The book version with Robin's cousin (i think cousin?) just makes way more sense for him in my book. I feel like D&amp;D just want to proof that they can write stories as awesome as Martin. Wich they can't if you ask me. And with every season they show more of how they've fucked up the show canon.
Maybe it's like albino children? Rare but happens even if none of the parents have it?
I would say that's exactly what it does. You can learn Basic mechanics and weakspots really quickly but the stuff that makes you unicum like positioning and decisionmaking take a really long time to catch on to.
You seriously still claim the 416 can't be played without spamming heat? At least Start using it only when you need it like all the other people.
Other way around for me. Got 67% winrate in the Panther and only 54% in the Panther 2
So basically make all the crews you already have pointless by allowing one crew to man every vehicle in your garage? I like the system you're proposing. They basically have that in WarThunder only with even less penalty. But it will never come to WoT now. It's too late for that because so many people already have multiple crews.
Ahm are you serious? How does a 15 Skills captain not give you a significant advantage over someone with a 2 skill one. Take Jingles Video where he mentions the Roon cruiser with a 15 skill captain. Those camo skills allow him to have a 4 kilometer corridor from wich he can fire without being spotted. With a shit captain that wouldn't even be close to realistic. It's not as bad as in WoT especially because you can basically get sixth sense immediately but to say that commanders only improve quality of life and not ship performance is crap.
Finally i can look at you without disgust again. Now sell all your arties to make me love you.
You can also shoot enemy tanks with a shit crew. It's just a whole lot easier with a good one. Where's your point in stating that it works without skills as well? Of course it does. The point I was making is that it's way easier to invisifire with a good commander. Also i don't see what the patchnotes change about it. While the penalty might not be affected. Let's say it adds 5km to detectionrange. It's still gonna be better if you have 14km baserange rather than let's say 18. Because if you fire you get detected from 19km rather than 23km. How is that "just a quality of life improvement"?
i'd argue that tier 8-10 is also pretty bad. T44 facing E-100s and T62-As just isn't that fair.
I meant why should i care in the sense of "why should i care if i still had my tongue". Let's go with the tongue example. It has been cut off for example when i was 2 years old. I can't get my tongue back and i don't miss it because i have no memory of how having a tongue was different from not having one. I literally have no reason to care if i myself have one or not. Now along comes "Anti-tongue-chopoffer" and pesters me constantly about how i should miss my tongue and how much better everything would be if i still had it. All you accomplish or try to accomplish is making me feel bad when i would really have no reason to. Tldr: I didn't mean why should i care as in caring about other people. I meant why should i myself care about my own dick being circumsized. You telling me it would be better the other way does not help me in any way shape or form and all it might do is make me feel bad about something i never had a reason to feel bad about before.
Again your analogy is flawed. I can assure you my dick works just fine. It does all the funny tricks yours does. Gets hard, gives me pleasure and shoots white fluid. It's not gone. Rather you should put it this way. "Why should i care if i didn't see as well as other people". And, wearing glasses i have experience in this field. Before i first wore glasses i saw incredibly badly compared to someone with unimpaired vision or glasses. I did not care about it though until i was forced to wear glasses because of my drivers license. In essence i did not feel hindered in anyway. I didn't feel like my body was worse in any way. But then again. Putting on a pair of glasses is an easy fix whereas reattaching your foreskin is not something we do. What i'm trying to say is that if you've been circumsized you don't feel inferior to non circumsized men. There is no reason to. We don't know it any other way so there is nothing we miss about having our foreskin. Just as i didn't miss my glasses till i had some. Would i get a new foreskin if i could? Maybe, maybe not. Depends on how much different the experience would be. But since you don't want to cut yours off and i can't reattach mine we just have to take each others word for it. Also i think you presume that i want more people to be circumsized or anything. Not at all. I also think we shouldn't mutilate people unless medically neccessary such as in my case. I'm just trying to say that this whole "haha you're inferior" attitude leads nowwhere. There is 0 point in telling someone who was circumsized that it would be better another way. he can't change it and most likely he has no base other than your word for it. So why would he give a shit. Rather use your time to educate politicians and soon to be parents instead of trying to make circumsized people feel bad about their dicks.
Only 60 people in RDDT main? Hm last time those guys did a recruitment thread (like a month or so ago?) i applied and didn't even get a reply :/ I didn't have the T32 yet (T29 atm) but i had a T54 l9wt. and an IS3-A. But apparently that wasn't even good enough to get a reply saying "sorry go somewhere else". (WN8 checked out as well)
Well back in 2010 when i started i was the absolute youngest guy on our server with 14. Back then the vast majority of players i feel where 20-30. Still autistic fucks most of the time but at least without screachy noise and some amount of intelligence. Minecraft multiplayer used to be so much more fun back then. No it's just a chicken pen for 9-13 year olds that think they are gods if daddy pays them a server with 20 slots...
1995* we are getting old...
What settlement. And what Quest? The moment i left to raze that orc settlement i got invaded by 4 full stacked greenskin armies. what the fuck am i even supposed to do to defend against that?
Oh hello Trump von Carstein.
Thx a lot i'll take a good look at that strategy. I never even considered demolishing my sparring chamber because i wanted longbeards sooner rather than later. it's a really nice surprise to see this much helpfulness even though my initial post was kind of ranty. I'll keep the auto bar imbalance in mind next time i play. Thx again for helping an angry noob :3
Also are Miners really that good? I rarely ever build any because they seem so squishy to me.
I'll "give you a call" either tomorrow or the day after :)
So i popped on today sadly couldn't find any recruiters. I'll try again tomorrow if that's alright. Could you tell me what their server group tag looks like? Greetings.
I think it's gonna smooth out again. Right now a lot of people are probably panic selling theirs and gimping the prices.
Thought the same thing. However a gtx 1070 like i intended to get is only 30 cheaper than euro in Germany. Given that the pound is still worth slightly more than the euro means there's not much point.
Can't tell you how current the google currency exchange rate is but amazon uk sells the 1070 for 460something pounds. according to google that's 567.814845 Euros. You'd be cheaper off ordering from a german webstore where you pay 499 euros for the same card.
Winning by teamfights? Are we talking about the same team. I hate Alliance ever since TI3 because they brought about almost a year of nothing but splitpush strats. Bulldog was only ever good at two heroes back then. Ban Druid and Prophet and he was useless as fuck. Even the final they only won with their retarded splitpushcombo because they got rekt in every fucking teamfight.
Thx but i think at 5k+ Battles played and 2000+ recent Wn8 i know heavy gameplay mechanics :D I just never bothered to go down the IS line so i was wondering wich is more fun / quicker. Also i have a dank heavy crew from playing russian prems.
I also happen to know a girl who did that to herself... I hope you're over whatever made you do that. I'm sure you'll find many people who find you beautiful anyway :)
Always feels good to see science (in a way?) fucking up religious nutters. Somehow i want the maesters to develop tanks and blitz the 7 kingdoms. Maybe wait until winter has passed to go north though.
Arent they the closest thing to actual research there is? Also as far as i know they don't like magic very much.
The winter has passed was a joke based on what happened in 1940 with Operation Barbarossa, not an actual proposal. Also an Iceage is defined by it's long duration and how constant the low temperatures are. It's not minus 100 degrees celsius. Russia was also really fucking cold and the russians managed to start their tanks. Spend a night in siberia in winter without fire and you'll also freeze. Dragon's are nice and all. But let's be honest here. Were there a "modern" army to appear in the WoT universe noone would stand a chance. Not even the Targaryens. Cannonshells don't care if they penetrate armour or dragonscales. Tldr: All i was is making a joke about what happened to the nazis when they invaded russia. Not an actual suggestion on how the maesters should conquer westeros...
Your banter is adorable.
I wish i had gotten the Nachi on EU. Only one of the myokos where the camo colour doesn't bother me. Sadly the decided to look her behind that incredibly stupid mission to kill 20 of each nation when noone plays russians...
I'm sorry but are we playing the same game? No matter if i angle bow on or slighty to the side every BB salvo i eat is at least 10k damage. And the moment i get spotted it seems every fucking BB is dropping whatever they are doing even turning their turrets 180 degrees just to shoot me. Also how can a ship that everyone says is only good with islands to hide behind and teammates to spot for you be considered the strongest tier 6 cruiser?
That seems like a really shit ship to me though. If it's only good with enough island around and teammates that keep the enemy at bay and spotted for you how can that be considered the strongest tier 6 cruiser? Are tier 6 cruisers just that shit or what? So basically you just die and lose if your BBs camp as they always seem to do?
Honestly it's not just the arcs that bother me. It just seems like it limits you so much compared to other ships. Being able to do nothing but camp behind islands and hope no battleship wants to shoot you doesn't seem like something that good tbh. At least with ships that have smoke or torps you can be a little more agressive and flexible. Deny smokescreens and so on. Cleveland just seems like a one trick pony with a fairly unimpressive trick.
In WoT you get winning xp if you get a medal such as Top-Gun High Caliber and so on. Wargaming could just implement the same into wows. Get winning XP when you lose but pulled off a high caliber or a kraken. I think that would be fair.
It's not as BS at starting Fires as the Cleveland, aoba and Budyonny and not as good at DPMing as the Leander but i think she still has a place. The best games i've had in her were games where i could go ham in canals and torp unsuspecting Battleships. The torpangles are really great and put the Aoba to shame. The good thing is you don't have to show more broadside than to bring your two guns to bear anyway so people often don't realize that i'm launching torps at them.
I mean i like the torps themselves. Just the angles are so shit. But Aoba torps are still much nicer to use than for example Budyonny torps with their terrible range.
You're fine. I see six other people in that game that shouldn't be alive. Or at least not in the game...
You weren't top tier. You were just the only Tier 9 tanks in that game as far as i understand the system.
I would like it if there was a sixth girl in there. Come on WG you've given us 5 already. What about a sixth to fill both tier tens :3? Pretty please?
Hey at least you didn't get the boring "no detonation" signals 250 times like i did...
Well Kamikaze just means godly wind. Fits the naming scheme of IJN destroyers being named after natural phenomena and so on.
Aviation gasoline is just gasoline with high octanenumbers. It's not stored under pressure or anything. High octane means it can be compressed further before combusting. That makes a pistonengine more efficient. It still burns whenever a spark hits it. But that's true for all gasoline. Diesel on the other hand is really hard to set on fire.
Well it does :D But so does every form of gasoline out there. Funnily enough the less efficient gasoline would ignite even better. That's also the reason you can't fuel your 95 octane car with 85 octane gasoline but it will take 98 octane fuel just fine. If the octane count is too low it will ignite from the mere compression, therefore igniting too early leading to a knocking sound and decreased performance as well as more wear on the engine. High octane is fine because a sparkplug will still ignite it at the right moment.
However when a carrier does it he's giving up on other tasks he can do. Can't chase other planes or rearm the ones he's using to spot you. And if you have AA you can strike back at the carrier for doing it. It's like the argument in WoT that TD's can stealthhit you as well bla bla. The point is that, arty is completely safe from retaliation whereas the TD has to have line of sight on you. Wich means you can retaliate. There is no way to retaliate against RDF. It's just a deus ex machina that fucks destroyers in the ass.
Depends on what the game is supposed to be. WG is pushing the E-Sports side of it's titles. All succesfull Esporttitles are not balanced around the average shitter but rather the top players. If you balance a game around the majority of players (wich are as WOWS and WoT show practically braindead) every patch is going to dumb the game down more. At some point it's gonna be dumbed down so much that even the shitters that wanted it get frustrated because even the little amount of knowledge they slowly aquire is being made useless by indicators and skills. Dumbing down the game to appeal to stupider players is never the answer to make a better game in the long run.
You are also told when you're spotted by a carrier? The only counterplay then is to either smoke up or shoot down the planes. There is no such thing for RDF. Every other way of being spotted can either be counterplayed by smoking, not firing, killing the thing spotting you, hiding behind and island or in fact is temporary (like hydro and radar) RDf is permanent and the only way to dela with it is pull back far enough (in a god damn DD) so some cruiser or BB is the closest Target to the enemy. That can hardly be considered "counterplayed".
It would be nice however i don't think it's that unrealistic. Some people have a really really hard time moving on from people they fall in love with, even if they're rejected repeatedly. I have that problem myself, and i even know a couple of people that have it far worse (suicidal thoughts and in one case attempts). Mostly it just takes a long time and in some cases a lot longer than for the "average" person. I find it quite plausible that molly would mope after sherlock for 2-3 years. Don't really have a grip on what amount of time the show covers.
It's an addiction. Molly is obviously addicted to Sherlock. But in many cases we just call an addiction to a person "love". Sherlock is really a dick towards molly that's obvious. Should she get over him? Yes of course. Is it believable that she might not be able to? I think so.
I actually will thank you very much. I've been watching the first season of that the past few days and i can't remember how many times i've thought "Hey i wish the BBC sherlock was still like this. Solving cases and bantering greg to a pulp and shit".
Ahm i don't think so. You are in no way alerted to who is RDF'ing you. Also many people will run it. You can literally not 100% know if it is that cruiser 15km away RDFing you or that unspotted DD. That DD might just be unspotted 30km away. Since you get no direction indicator on the receiving end the information to be gained is insanely minimal. The only real way to counter it is run the perk yourself, wich is stupid. When they removed sit awareness in its old form from the tree and made it standard they obviously wanted to reduce must picks like that. Now they're just introducing a new one.
I laughed way too much at the one with the anime songs.
RDF won't help with any of that though. Another example of something RDF does nothing to fix. The Benson will still stealth fire you do death and you would have already know where he was by the shell tracers.
If a company does a lot of stupid shit a lot of rioting is not a bad thing. All of the things you mentioned were BS so why should people not let them know that they are BS?
Oh sorry i missed that last part. My bad.
I really feel bad for her. If someone rejects you and wants nothing to do with you after the fact you can at least move on. It's way harder when they still tell you that they like you and like you to be around them...
Doesn't he kind of love Irene Adler? It seemed to me that he liked Molly in the little Sister way. (A non psychopathic one)
Didn't he sleep with Magnussens assistant?
Is there any word if it will come out as an E-Book or something like that at a reduced price?
Are they really not shipping to the EU? That makes me a bit sad...
o7
Maybe they could give him some kind of special skill like the seagal?
When i go to checkout and enter my Zip-code for some reason it says shipping unavailable... Any idea why that could be?
Yes but they have no way of knowing what those 80% think because they don't state their opionion. They just play. They don't go on the forums they don't bother with polls. For all WG knows they might hate RDF just as much as the other 20%. WG just assumes that they like it and expect us to believe it without questioning it.
Ah i found the mistake. Confused a number and a letter. My bad :P thanks for responding though :)
That's what i mentioned in the post before. You cannot extract an opinion on a game mechanic from people that don't give feedback if it isn't in the game yet. If that silent percentage only plays the game on the live server there is literally no way WG can have any data on what they think of RDF. Because they have neither followed the discussion, have played with the mechanic or voiced an opinion on it. Stuff like balance can be looked at without polls. Comparing winrates, avg damages and so on. An opinion can not be obtained that way. If you only ever played the live server and never commented online there isn't a single dataset that connects you to RDF. An opinion poll would be the only way to know what you might think about it if all you do is play the live server.
So when they claim they know what the playerbase wants why don't they just release that poll of all people and shut the critics up? For some reason they don't. They just claim that its there and that she should believe it.
You can't just take a Poll of your playerbase and then say "Well that's not what the playerbase thinks!" Especially since there can be no other data on their feelings about the skill. And you can't base it on other data either because all the people that only play have never created a dataset on RDF. If i am doing a Poll on the WOWS webite with the options: "Do you like RDF? Yes or No?" And 80% of people pick No then you can't just "interpret" that really the majority likes it. There is nothing to interpret there. There is no magical brain wave reading data on players opinion about the skill other than that poll. For climate change there are other factors at play, like sun activity and shit like that that you can use to blur the lines. There is no such data in this case. Because the question is a great deal simpler than climate change. You can argue that not everyone participated and therefore it doesn't represent all the players fair enough. But you can't turn around and say that the majority likes it when the Poll indicates 80% hate it. Wargaming just says the majority likes it without even showing us the Poll they used to get that information. But if you are so sure that they have so much information they can use for that i would love to hear and example on what kind of data other than the poll could give an insight what the server population thinks about this skill.
And then there are people like me where the Stepdad makes for a much better father than the one whose sperm i actually developed from.
Also even World of Warships has some humans in the port. So putting them in the garage dusting off the tracks or something definitely wouldn't change the rating.
You should do the Friedrich der Große with friedrichs verse from the epic rap battle of history. https://youtu.be/NVbH1BVXywY?t=1m45s
This shit about updating fucking emojis is exactly the reason i will never let them take my textfaces. Good old :D :) :3 are good enough for me. In general why do we need emoticons for any type of animal or profession? I never see people use those except for bad jokes on the whole emoji topic. Like when was the last time someone sent you the lawyer emoji in whatsapp? I thought those things were meant to help convey emotions so when did turtle become an emotion?
You don't want someone listing all of the events in French, German or British history. Your list is gonna look so puny in comparison. And that's fine. Yur country isn't even 300 years old so how would it have the same history as italy or france? No shame in that.
Honestly i miss seing maps like karelia more often. Its too cramped and all i get it but its a lot more interesting than kursk for example.
It's not a hard map to play it's just boring if you ask me. Sniping at stationary tanks on the other side of the map gets lame pretty quickly.
That's the obvious answer. On the other hand i'd really like to roll around in some of the tier 8-10 ships. They just look a lot cooler most of the time.
You see that's the problem i'm having. I think a game is heavily flawed if the only way to win conistently is wait for the other guy to screw up. Great games allow you to make plays that allow your team to win. However in WoWs there are very few scenarios where you can do it. Almost everytime you put your team at a disadvantage if you try to do something. --&gt; campy gameplay because noone wants to be the one that screwed up.
Everyone follows that advice and we see the result in random battles. Everyone caps because noone wants to be the aggro guy that dies first.
Mostly cruisers and i throw in BBs and DDs for good measure. It's not that i don't know how to do well in a cruiser at that tier or a battleship for that matter. I just get insanely bored when i play carefully in my BBs. I miss the lower tiers where you could sometimes actually pull of a good torpedo rush with your cruisers. It's not just the ships but also the maps if you ask me. I'd take some of the low tier maps over tears of the cruisers any day of the week.
Your second paragraph surprises me. The impression i keep getting is that individual skill really matters less at high tiers. Since everyone is just waiting for someone else to make a mistake instead of making plays all you need to do is hit well. At lower tiers i feel way more capable of actually truning around a game by myself if i manage to take a very good position or something like that. For me the most frustration stems from the maps. Most of the Tier 10 maps are so large and open that the opportunity to make an aggressive play is quite rare.
Teleports behind you...
I mean World of Warships has systems like that. It makes a lot more sense for a warship with repair parties on the ship but gameplay wise it can actually work. While a light might not get as much numerical HP as a Maus it could still mean surviving one more shot during that game. If done right it could work but i'd also prefer it not being a thing.
I also don't quite get the hate. It doesn't make any sense whereas in WOWS it can be explained with damage control parties working but just from a gameplay perspective it can be made to work.
I got a 1000 gold earlier. Nice premium camo for the upcoming ranked season. So far i was lucky. 50k free xp twice and 2000 gold so far.
Wait a second 40 second radar? Is that longer than US radar? Whats the range on that?
While it is a dick move to raid these wargraves i think sooner or later we'll have to. Many of you know about the scuttled High Seas Fleet being salvaged for low backround steel. When those are gone we'll have to get it somewhere else.
I'm just saying eventually these wrecks will be too valuable to not salvage even for the authorities.
When does grave robbing turn into archeology? The analogy is not very fitting i admit but i think it's worth considering what defines a grave. I'm almost certain your house stands above the last resting place of many living things. I usually think of grave robbing as taking something that was put into the grave for the deceased. The ship isn't really a "gift" for the dead but rather their casket. In earth burials the casket would rot wich a ship doesn't. In general this may sound heartless but why does anybody care about a wargrave of that sort other than purely sentimental reasons. For most grave sites there is a secondary use in aiding the decendants to grieve and to commemorate the dead. I don't think ships in the middle of the ocean do any of that. There is probably a monument somewhere on land that actually fullfills that purpose way better. If you look at it practically the dead don't care since they're dead, no decendants would visit the seafloor in the middle of the ocean anyway and it's a waste of a very valuable ressource. I don't like it if people disturb gravesites for the sole reason of it being cheaper. However if it is to aquire low backround steel, wich can't be obtained by other means i'm willing to waive that privilege for the sake of people that are actually still alive and have use for the stuff. Someone could build a chamber for radiomedicine out of that material and save lives instead of it sitting on the ocean floor as food for corals.
While i agree with you that respect for the dead is important, at some point the need of living people for ressources outweighs the need of dead people in my book. I'm all for exhausting ships that were scuttled first but when those stores of uncontaminated steel run out we will have to turn to other sunk ships of the period. At that point i'd argue that a valuable ressource is more important than understanding a battle that happened more than 70 years ago. Understanding that battle might be intresting but it holds no real value to society whereas the ressources do.
I don't see why it shouldn't happen. Let's imagine i'm the grave robber and i just salvaged a ship from the seafloor and i want to make the most profit. Of course i'm gonna sell the low backround steel to people that need that instead of people that just need any sort of steel. Mainly because the guys that need this specific kind of steel will pay more for it.
Seeking the highest profit would however result in you selling the steel to someone that actually needs low backround steel since that guy will pay more for the same tonnage of steel. Is the guy salvaging without permission a dick? Yes! But the steel will probably still be used for important stuff.
Why would someone dupe you to think they're buying it for medical equipment? Like what else are you going to use it for other than geiger counters? Also i would actually agree with the gold teeth thing. Although i think there would be better ways of doing it since people don't randomly get put underground. But honestly why shouldn't we take out the gold from dead peoples teeth? They have zero use for it? Hell it could help pay for the funeral.
I think the market for people being super hyped about Perth parts is fairly small compared to the market for low backround steel. Also i didn't doubt it was for his personal enrichment. I was just saying that even if it is for his personal gain that material is still gonna end up somewhere where it's needed. Also when 40% of the ship is left we're not talking about someone steeling the ships bell. That's probably gone as well but the bulk of the salvaged stuff is armor plating and structual steel.
How would that make any sense? They should still decay and therefore start floating. Also currents would like a word.
I once tried the Narutorun in 6th grade or so (11-12 at the time)... I did it only once but even 10 years later i still cringe...
Holy shit i ran like that once in PE and i still cringe. How have you not gone into witsec or something?
I once heard two girls in the row behind me make a joke at my expense so i turned my Head like an owl, and started laughing like a literal disney villain. The looks on their faces and the reaction of the rest of the class were priceless.
The American Education system sounds like complete shit tbh. You have those Ivy league colleges and all but the ground work seems like trash. When i went to school (until 3 years ago) teachers made their own tests, decided how many and what kinds of tests and only had broad restrictions on what certain grades needed to include as topics. The only standardized test we have here is the final exam of your school career. And even then teachers are provided with a selection of questions of wich they select a required amount so they have some control over the test.
What the fuck is it with "sweet sixteen" in America? Why is that arbitary age such a big deal? Over here we don't even celebrate 18th birthdays like that (wich is an age that actually carries meaning)
All the other kids without their pumped up kicks?
Still weird to me that you don't allow your children to go into a bar till 21 but give them a chunk of metal that weighs several tonnes and can possibly kill other people at 16.
16 to drive in most countries? Almost the entirety of europe has 18 for a full fledged license. I think the driving at 16 is rarer than you think.
What do you think will be better for ranked? This or the Molotov with its tier 9 guns?
You can't seriously claim that a kirov is more of an asset to the team than a budyonny?
Honestly the mode is so shit i don't mind. It's just a worse version of random battles because you're constantly outnumbered so even angling becomes annoying as fuck. Add to that the rng that ruins your BB salvos because fun and engaging and it's a recipe for one of the worst thought out horde modes i've ever played.
Let's just ignore the fact that the rest of the ship is shittier.
LWM changed her Assessment to gudbote. She has a new post up on the degrasse.
Yeah what a dick move to raise the price on a drug that noone wants to improve because only a few thousand people need it, while making sure people still get the drug and in effect only milking the insurance companies, and using the money to develop a new drug with less side effects. I'm sure it would be much better if those people still had to take that decades old malaria medication with severe side effects.
Have you ever actually listened to his side of the story or have you just jumped on the shrkeli is a sociopath bandwagon? You do realize the dude didn't take a salary from that company?
Why would you feel sorry for him? He has enough money as is. It just undermines the idea that he only did the price hike out of greed. Also how is it not capitalism at its worst when a few thousand people have to take shitty drugs because it isn't worth it for a company to develop a better one because of the low price? regardless of how much benefit shkreli got out of it at least those people can get a better drug now that they wouldn't have without his move. You can question the motive all day but the outcome isn't all bad.
Seriously instead of just wipping out the Hitler "i win button" tell me what actual person suffered in that matter? People that couldn't afford the medication got it provided by shkrelis company and people with insurance got it through that. And now they have better meds available to them. How is anyone being hurt except the coffers of the insurances? While that can be seen as damaging the impact of less than 10000 thousand people needing expensive medicine is miniscule compared to the sums of money insurances have to deal in.
If it helps your simple word where everyone that disagrees with you is a nazi sure go ahead with your sad existence.
At that least that hero had to vaguely aim not like the parkinsontreatment that goes by the name winston.
No fucking annoying is what he is. Whatever idiot thought autoaiming heroes need to be in shooters is a fucking moron. Symmetra is just as fucking retarded.
I don't play games only to win the game but also to have fun. And being jumped by a degenerate ape with a pet mercy over and over again is not my idea of fun especially since the guy on the other end might as well be comatose.
I hate boxes with a passion anyway. I got 8 legendaries during the event of wich i will sie exactly one and since Blizzard is so fucking greedy there isn't even a trade in feature for skins you never use. Except for the lucio skin i only got golds for sym, 76, dva and mei. All of those have better looking Standard legendaries that i already own. The only other Thing i Wanted was the Event tracer but instead they gave me the ugly as fuck mach 1 skin. Fuck you Blizzard i'm not buying your fucking designed to milk gambling addicts boxes you greedy fucks. Ever since i saw they were fucking Making profilepictures into loot i knew i'll Never spend Another dime on this greedy fuckfest.
The nerf they did to the lights while they were on the test server was the worst thing they could have done. Noone that actually knows the game wanted it but they went ahead anyway. Just another example of how this company "listens" to the community. They learned nothing from the rubicon disaster. Nothing. There are very few companies that are this fucking bad at communicating with their playerbase.
Never trust anything that is coming from E3. People should have learned that by now.
It literally only has boats. Torpedoboats and such. They only now added destroyers and said those would be the largest type of ship you could control.
Damn that's retarded. Honestly can't be arsed and just uninstalled. I'll go back to CS where the ranking system actually makes a degree of fucking sense and there aren't any characters designed for people with parkinson's.
Same. Kind of disappointed that this weeks reward was the rusky commander though. Only nation where i don't really need a 10 point captain right now...
As much as it is probably a bubble a friend of mine got into them when they were going for 700 and bought a new car when he got out two weeks back. If you got in early and sold at the right time those things made you rich.
I also really like Frost in some other projects he did recently. I liked him in Into the Badlands for example.
iirc he only appears from season 2 though. First season is also good and a bit shorter i think so it won't be suffering until he comes in.
The true evil is our weird system for articles. Ich bin in der Schule (I'm in school) Die Schule brennt (The school is burning) My stepdad's niece is from Australia. She's been living here for 20 years and still gets it wrong a lot.
I think anime is the worst genre to dub. It's just generally so weird and over the top that many western voice actors that are usually tasked with more serious work seem overburdened to me. It doesn't help that some of the translation work is so horribly bad that it makes me cringe every other second. I guess the main problem is that many dubs get shit budgets.
Eh i'd rather have that than horribly executed German. Have you ever seen an anime that uses german lines? It's painful to hear. I prefer a badly done german accent over someone who doesn't speak german butchering the words honestly.
Then again you are immortal so any concept of time is purely arbitrary. 1700 years is probably the same as a day for us if not less. In general arguing about boredom and time is really going nowwhere when you talk about someone immortal.
At some point the whole universe will be filled with Jizz. Can you imagine?
Well you are alive and on earth so just tell them to fuck off.
You could always just whore yourself to a position of power, go from there and switch the whole dominant sex thing around. But then again 2950(?) years without tampons?
German BBs have always had the better HE pen. At least Bismarck and GK did. That also applies to their secondaries. Nothing changed in that regard except for maybe FDG.
I wonder how much damage Saipans DB squadron would do.
Very much true. When i see one in my kongo i always get happy because dev strike incoming no matter what angle.
Nicolai will come back dont worry. They even sold E-25 again in WoT after saying they wouldn't on numerous occasions.
I always wondered. Dont the fuckers just fall asleep at some point? I mean surely even a baby must get tired? Isn't being around him doing stuff keeping him awake? Enlighten me i'm not a parent and don't have siblings so i'd hardly Know.
I always wonder why people forget how well the appeasement stance of England and France worked for preventing WW2. Pleasing and tolerating the shit out of bullies or people that want to harm you doesn't fucking work. It just makes the bullies think they can push it further. Let it escalate enough and you get the monthly American schoolshooting...
That escalated quickly.
I could imagine it being related to the scanning motions our eyes perform when looking at something. They're never quite still i guess that is what we are used to as alive.
So basically House in the earlier seasons cranked up to eleven? But honestly one line from that series stuck in my head. "Would you rather have a Doctor that holds your hand while you die or one that ignores you while you get better?". People don't seem to like the idea that doctors dont care about them as people but if that makes them more objective and effective where is the problem? They can insult me for all i care as long as they save my life.
Better this than god damn OP premiums every other week. Selling skins (even when they are separate tanks) is a way fairer way to make money if you ask me.
So this is basically the Panther M10 just with less hp and the opportunity to be top tier in tier 6 games?
A Type 212 Diesel Submarine does twice that submerged. Also modern ones can stay submerged for three weeks. They have little in common with the Diesel Subs of WWII. Given that a usual formation won't be traveling at 30 knots (Everything except the subs and carrier would burn through its fuel way too quickly) that should be enough. Also if Germany for example picks up the supercavitation torp again that could very well be a threat to a formation like that. The russians already have a torpedo like that. There isn't much in the way of evading when a torpedo does more than 500km/h.
And then you paid for your coffee with one Bitcoin?
That was the joke...
As i said before the shkval was introduced 30 years ago it's very unlikely they haven't come up with some form of terminal guidance yet. Also while intertia guidance is old it is still widely used. With better sensors it got a whole lot more accurate and many weapons systems use it. Cruise missiles have a whole array of navigation systems, among wich are inertia and even star based navigation. Afterall when someone shuts down your GPS sattelites you need something else to guide that missile.
And the design of it's propeller.
On the other hand if subs couldn't go faster than 10 knots without cavitating the carrier group wouldn't move faster either since you don't want your own screen of attack subs to constantly be cavitating and therefore be detectable. If you keep the duration of the mission relatively short a Diesel sub can do anything a nuclear one can. And i would say if you wanted to sink a carrier and get out you would hardly need to go 3 weeks without snorkling.
That again implies the russians have come up with literally no way of guiding their torpedo in 30 years wich i find unlikely. Wouldn't work with sonar but that's not the only thing that could ever work. If they have the inertia could kind of replace the wire that the Mk48 unravels. It would get the torpedo somewhere close to the target and then it would start it's own search and destroy mission.
And in good wargaming fashion give it better camo rating than light tanks.
I haven't seen many people called traditional german names like Heinrich, Helmut, Wolfgang, Ewald and so on.
Those two subjects would have a field day when competing for uselessness. Geography in my school was basically just geology and learning how glaciers and rivers are formed. While game development would be a stupid subject i think that making general programming into a Main subject would be a very good idea looking at how the World and job opportunities are changing.
The thing is while a small hose and a large body of Water effect the same pressure, as soon as the drum widens a little bit the small watercolumn will drop and pressure will decrease significantly. Basically as soon as the drum expands its volume by one mug the increased pressure is all gone. That's one of the reasons small amounts of Water intuitively seem less destructive.
Crommies are used in stronks because fast bois means quicker games so more money. Only reason people always bring the Berlin crommie over the techtree one is that it makes a lot more money.
Traverse is worse though even though the stat card claims otherwise. It's because traverse is based on a weird formula that takes into account the difference in hp of the stock engine and mounted engine of a tank (God knows how they came up with that crap). Since premiums only have one engine they gave it a higher numerical value but it's still effectively a little worse. So faster yes but a little less agile.
You mean they are erecting a dispenser.
I study the same thing and nobody ever asked me if i wanted to work for NASA. They all ask what industries i can go into though. Maybe it is because i am german and NASA is an american thing.
Is 93 considered high in america? Here in Germany i've never seen a gas station with pumps for less than 95. 98 is the other option.
iirc my professor told us that it depends on a relation of the two orbits as to wich one is better bi eliptical or hohmann. Can't recall wich characteristic of an orbit it was though...
Why not just spawn in an actual battleship for enough cash? Someone probably once drew a Scharnhorst with added tracks for beach landings on a napkin, that should be good enough for WG. Although it would be weird since bow armor on those things is something like 25mm... Think about the damagenumbers you could farm with your panzer 1 c! Edit: a word.
Should have probably explained that better. The enriched uranium is on an entirely different loop. However the korvatex process turns 3 uranium into one enriched. So i want to split the depleted uranium in portions of 3 and 19, 3 going to the enrichment plant and 19 going into storage/fuel element production.
What exactly do you mean by "all but 3 stacks enabled"? Do you mean limiting the chest so only 3 stacks can be filled by mashines? Also i'm very new to the factorio electronics so how do tell my latch that it should only switch states when both chests are full or both chests are empty but not just one of the two?
It works! I love you!
He plays arty... I guess that was a rhetorical question?
Honestly if i married someone and they'd be fine with it i'd do it like my mom did her second wedding. Just have a small ceremony at the office where the actual legal status is granted and have a nice dinner afterwards. In my book a wedding should be about two people that love each other and their friends not a who is who of people that have their priorities very backward and constantly try to outdo each other.
5.5 since a few Patches ago.
I'm a bit weirded out by knots/second^2. Its correct for meters, feet and miles because the respective speeds are given in m/s, f/s m/s and so on. But knot is already a measure of speed so it already includes the first s. If my brain doesn't fail me completely it should be 0.4 knots per second without the square?
I think you mean nautical mile per hour. One nautical mile per second would be really really fast o.O Should have worded it better in my own response i admit.
Is the stiff upper lip worth it? I've been pondering getting the centurion but now i could get a good plane and the black prince for 15 euros extra. Would you guys say it's worth it? Blakc prince any good these days?
I think a mile is roughly 1.6km whereas a nautical mile is something like 1.82km
That bitch is lierally the worst. The fact that any western nation would proudly announce they are going to be at the forefront of government surveillance still baffles me. She wants to push the same shit North Korea does and is constantly criticized for. But hurr durr we're doing it to stop terrorist and save the children! The old generation of politicians really just needs to die off. I don't even think its malice on their part they just don't understand anything about modern technology.
It won't be that much shorter. Only thing you can cut down on is reaction time wich is approximately 1 second for a healthy human. The majority of your safe distance will always be defined by the mass of your car, its speed and the surface area and friction of your tires.
Sweden is the country full of muslims if that's what you're hinting at... Norway has pretty strict rules but am i really expecting an "american patriot" to know the difference between two nordic countries that are next to each other and both include the nordic cross in their flag?
Yeah my bad i was thinking of a sudden obstacle appearing like a car rolling out of a driveway or a child running into the street. Since the car in front also has to brake and doesn't stop immediately reaction time is more significant good point. I mean SDC will not stop accidents 100% stuff where the inertia of the car is just too much (like the child example depending on distance) will still end badly. But i guess that is a given with tons of steel moving around in ares that aren't closed to pedestrians.
All the mugs i have have the image on both sides. I mean i sometimes hold my mug with my left hand o.O i can't be the only one. I mean its holding a damn mug not performing open heart surgery...
Doesn't writing with fountain pens annoy the shit out of you? I mean given we write from left to right don't you smudge everything all the time? Or do lefties just avoid fountainpens like the plague?
clean water really shouldn't have any taste... If normal water gets too boring for me i just put in some store bought citric acid. Makes it taste slightly sour and has literally zero calories. Also very refreshing when it's hot.
A liter of half fat milk has roughly as much calories as a bag of chips. Although i have to admit i probably go through 750ml of milk a day. I just eat less of the other stuff to stay below my slightly over 2000 calorie intake a day.
I mean fat has some advantages in that some vitamins are hydrophobe but lipophile. They stick to fat but don't dissolve in water for example the stuff in carrots.
can't really drink smoothies or juice pure either. Sometimes i stretch them with tap water if i want to taste something. Like one fifth juice 4 fiths water. Same for smoothies. Other advantage is i get way more enjoyment out of one bottle compared to people that drink it pure.
Barbettes dont count as cits. They dont even deal hp damage. They knock out turrets though.
https://www.reddit.com/r/WorldOfWarships/comments/6cutm8/what_parts_of_the_ship_make_up_the_citadel_do_the/ This is what i was thinking of. Apparrently we're both right for certain ships. A Leander doesn't seem to have them count as citadel even below the weatherdeck whereas heavily armored barbettes do count.
The fact that you actually got the number of foldings right makes me feel warm inside. If we're gonna make fun of weeaboos we might as well do it properly!
Proposed batchat nerf? The fucker can't be serious.
I never decided "now i quit". I just don't enjoy the game anymore with all this shit and now all i touch is WoWs. Wargaming really wants to kill the game don't they? I hope Murazor gets fired and never hired by anyone ever again for such a show of incompetence over the last two years.
They fixed the lower pen on the shells before it went to live.
Getting the sims instead of the gremy during closed beta because i didn't like russians... (played too much dota back then)
I mean at the time you didn't know it was child porn. I've seen people get scams like that from "normal" albeit very shady and cheap porn sites. If you had called the police just based on him being nervous that would have been a bit flimsy imo. Could have just been very embarassing bdsm porn or something. At least the fucker is behind bars now but i don't think you should waste much thought on it.
I wonder why though. I mean they still get the cash don't they? If your employees want to put their salary back into the company what is the problem exactly?
Don't you have a Greg House or someone of the sort to really make those angry bafoons pay? Like: "Oh you're being an ass i'll call Dr. Ass to shove a camera up your ass!"
The cars thing i understand but the shitty "shoot the zombie" ads? If i see one of those my mind immediately switches to "What a shit shady company". Wouldn't touch anything with a 10 foot stick if i first came across it due to such an ad.
I don't know i know that rationally it doesn't make sense but i've also had that fear before. Like what happens if i'm in a coma, a small child is dying in the next room and needs a liver or a heart. While i don't want that child to die i would rather continue living myself. I mean for the vast majority of people that is just instinct. It's not that hard to see how someone might fear having his plug pulled sooner than neccessary because people in the room feel guilty about the diying child next door.
If you go up us cruisers dcca is awful because from orleans on you use radar instead of planes.
I used an exggerated example to demonstrate what people are afraid of when they say they don't want to be spare parts. A lot of people don't know much about these procedures. It doesn't help that scenarios like the one i described are sometimes shown in Hospital TV shows. I mean before a family member or oneself gets seriously sick that's the most involvement some people have with hospitals.
I'm not excusing anyone. Someone asked how people can be afraid of something like this and i'm trying to explain what goes on in some people's heads. You don't get anywhere if you never try to understand what makes other people tick and instead just write them off as stupid.
I know cursive but i went back to block. Looks a lot Cleaner and People can Read it.
If my math professor has taught me anything it's that you can always come up with an equation that serves your purpose. For example why do you calculate the chance of an enemy being less than 6km out but not closer than 5 as 0.1%? If we go by the actual area difference a circle with 6km radius has 44% more surface area than a circle with 5km radius. Do you see now what i mean when i say you can make any equation fit your narrative? Another example would be why you calculate with the numerical increase of the radius for the plane auras rather than implementing by how much area the AA bubble actually grows? If everything was this easy why isn't ever guide just an excerpt from a math lecture with a very clear ranking at the end? For example how do you suggest you calculate the impact of having a larger bubble on being able to cover for your team? Why is it almost universally agreed on by non potatos that SE is not worth it on anything that isn't a DD? Are they all just too stupid to see the light of your made up equation that while mathematically correct has no proven claim to accurately represent the performance of the ship?
And then someone robs your store, accidentally kills someone and is then known as the cereal-killer.
I think getting the dunkirk itself would be more likely. Gallant as a real premium will probably make them more money since noone own it yet and dunkirk has a mixed reputation.
Next time you buy something let me know so i can avoid until it's free :3
What about the pretty - average girls in D.Va bodysuits? Best thing that came out of overwatch
Start singing italian opera at the top of your lungs. Can't imagine something killing the mood like a horribly mangled version of la donna e mobile or something like that.
What the hell is a ten frame? Sounds nothing like how we learned math back then. Then again i'm not from america.
Honestly i don't think they ever meant to adress american savages. More like people whose parents think their daughter is their property or dads who think beating their wife is ok because she doesn't have a pecker.
How did we get from discussing cosplayers at conventions to GW reddits o.O
People wanted their soda to be even sweeter than coke? That's mindboggling to me. I don't go anywhere near energydrinks because they taste like molten gummybears if you ask me. Then again i'm probably not the norm since i even dilute my fruit juices because they're too sweet otherwise.
Add to that that if you could actually cure cancer you could slap any price tag you want on it people would buy it. Just make it as expensive as a complete chemo therapy and hell you make even more money because you don't need to ship as much material.
I think the whole writing your name on the cup thing is really damn stupid. It always seemed to me like a really bad attempt at making the service more "personal". At least i don't want to introduce myself everytime i buy a fucking coffee.
Wich of the GW subs would be most likely to have some of those? Asking for a friend that's doing research...
That's why i don't believe it is the case. I just roll with the flow and let my tin foil hat burn with the heat of a thousand suns.
What's the point in letting it crash in washington? The people on board die either way you'd just save a lot of lives on the ground as well as property if you care about that.
The nerd side of the force gives access to many abilites chads would consider to be unnatural.
Meh for now its fine imo. Seagal didn't break the game either. Like seagal people will probably put it on their tier 10 Cruiser and it will be slightly buffed because of it. Des Moines benefits the most from the loader on seagal but it doesn't make it op. Same way a few Seconds less reload on minotaur smoke wont be that Bad i think. Most of them die to radar more than being Spotted anyway from what I've seen.
Don't get your hopes up. Wot console and wot pc are two entirely different beasts.
They wont be free this Time.
Have you ever heard the Legend of Dark Grape Kun the wise?
And it has been like that for two hundred years. Everyone knew how it works. You play to win by the rules Not by the rules you wish were in Place.
You wore the same clothes the people that died did that doesn't give you the ability to judge what would offend them and what wouldn't. If you ever die at see in war and someone makes an anime series about it in my life time i'll be sure to tell them you object. I however highly doubt you've been in contact with anyone that has been dead for 70+ years to be able to say that about them.
Boohoo so did a lot of people that have less of a stick up their arse. Including me. And guess what sharing genes with someone doesn't give you the ability to read their dead minds. And unless you are over 80 years old i highly doubt you ever talked to someone who died before the end of 1945.
While i dislike trump and american politics in general i have to say those numbers aren't as set in stone as they seem. There is a huge part of the population that doesn't vote. Some Democrats in red states don't vote because they feel its useless and the same thing happens the other way around in california and other democratic states. Also campaigning is set up to cater to states the candidates campaign deems necessary. Trump did almost no events in cali since he would never win that state wich would equate to wasted effort. While he would have never gotten the majority in cali it is not hard for me to believe he would have gotten at least a few thousand votes there if he had put emphasis on the state. Hillary did the same mistake backwards. She mainly travelled through states she would win anyway hoping for good press from positive events and relying too much on the lead she had on trump. Basically Hillary campaigned as if it was a popular vote election and therefore one the popular vote. Trump campaigned so he would win the electoral college wich made him president. I obviously cannot say he would have won the popular vote if he tried to but i believe it would have been a lot closer than 3m if he had. Also what is not to be igored is that there have been many times in recent american history where the democrats had the presidency and the majority in both houses. If the electoral college bothered them this much why did they not change it? As an outsider to america it seems to me like blaming the system after the lost battle is just shifting blame. Hillary ran a shitty campaign that lost to a fucking reality tv star and she is the only one to blame for that failure. I'm also pretty sure bernie would have mopped the floor with Trump if the DNC hadn't decided "But its her turn!"
I don't see why fanboys would be angry? UK cls are widely regarded as very good. Fiji is amazing Minotaur and Neptune are great, the Edinburgh is not as exciting but definitely not bad.
Without secondaries Bismarck is a really shitty tier 8 BB though. If it doesn't have it's secondaries it can't compete with NC Alabama or Amagi.
Tirpitz was by far the worst Tier 8 BB before its secondaries were buffed. Not in the beginning i agree but all the other tier 8s got buffed and left Tirpitz in their Dust. She was only a strong BB before the KM BB release because NC and Amagi were also worse back then. Its not removing if you wanna be pedantic but if they nerf them into uselessness they become the same as the other nations secondaries. Wich then again leaves the KM with the shittiest guns with nothing to show for it.
Honestly tell me what the point of great survivability is when you struggle to do meaningful damage because the guns are utter crap? Also from what i heard from most people most of the damage stems from the 105s not because of pure HE damage but because of their ability to set fires and their rate of fire. Also while KM BBs don't get citadeled they still take absurd pen damage when giving broadside. Also NCs citadel is below the waterline and not that easy to hit, same for Alabama and Amagi gets a turtleback too although less effective than the german one. You can keep telling yourself that it's just KM fanboys that don't think Bismarck is OP and that you are somehow the only one to see clearly here. That doesn't make it true. If Bismarck were OP you would see it more often in competitive. Except for a few maps where it can put its hydro to use noone brings it anymore because Amagi and NC are better in every way when you don't get to use your secondary gimmick. All i see here is someone frustrated because he had fires set on him when brawling and then got mad at RNGesus. Bismarck is the only Tier 8 BB that can be completely outplayed by the others. Just stay outside secondary range and you have a better ship than it in every way since even turtleback becomes useless at long ranges.
It's just french....
Stroganoff probably.
Sometimes i get confused on here. Are people hating on the annoying atheists that try to rub it in or is the vast majority of this sub actually devout and christian?
Nah the dream is two radar modules or one radar one hydro. My Baltimore and Donskoi want it so badly :( hydro would be nice for lo yang though.
I'm disappointed by 1k dubloons tbh :( i just want a radar module WG. Don't be so mean :(
I know it's a huge timesink though. Also the only good ranked ship i have right now is the chappy and a stock amagi. Sold the Orleans when i got the Balti since i didn't have a captain for it.
Isn't a fetish just a more pronounced preference? I could Imagine its just bad choice of words. Given that i Think its fine to think a race is Hotter than the other. Hot is about looks in that case and there is no denying that races look different. I think Asian girls look the cutest on average but that didn't Stop me from falling for caucasian girls and latinas.
I bought the Graf Spee but DoY was too expensive for me so i'm doing the missions. Helps that the convoy missions are really easy.
I dont see Germans dropping the genders of nouns. Sun is female, table and spoon are both masculine. Why would you ever change it to make it "simpler"? Its not like any native Speaker ever actively considers what Gender a noun is. You'd basically ask the entire Adult population to relearn their language instead of just sticking with what works.
Dont act like a twitchbitch dont get perceived as a twitch bitch. Destinys former GF has a small creative Stream that's just nice to Listen to. She knows her shit and doesn't have to wiggle her boobs to the Camera.
Sad Thing is girls that actually Stream Stuff other than camgirl Stuff get no views. One Stream i like to Watch is just photoshop and Illustrator work with some Gaming and discussion mixed in. There is a Girl with degrees in Mechanical Engineering and Physics knowing her shit in Art as well and she barely gets 30 views. On the other Hand it keeps the chat cozy and readable.
You can either let stereotypes stop you from doing something you like or you can not care and serve as an example to break the stereotype.
They are both modelled after angels...
I honestly wouldn't want one. I'm sick of Russian Tier 8 heavies and it looks shit imo. Type 59 i've wanted because it's the best looking tier 8 in my book. Didn't buy the Defender when it came out and i've honestly never regretted it. Some people want one though ^^
Don't need one i got a Type this christmas. Just wanted to provide some different points of view.
Implying you would actually notice much what colour the enemies widow's gun is.
I only use butter for cooking. Temperature doesn't matter there. Personally i find Butter on Toast disgusting. Just tastes like fat. But you do you.
Esports and popularity dont have to correlate. WoT is nowhere near a Dead game and its esports scene is a fucking joke. Even then IdrA was toxic as all hell and people loved the Drama im the SC2 scene back then. Some stories need a villain.
According to Ubi its Hibana and Frost. I play Thatcher a lot too.
Dead stuff? Arent all potatoes etc. you eat also Dead? Not trying to annoy you but what does "dead" Taste like?
Wich goes to show how retarded advertisers are. Noone but a vocal tumblr militia would think that your company hates gays because their ad is played on an idubbz Video.
Its sad to think that people are braindead enough to think that just because ads are randomly aired on a youtube vid, the company endorses the Videos content...
Its sad to think that people are braindead enough to think that just because ads are randomly aired on a youtube vid, the company endorses the Videos content...
Its sad to think that people are braindead enough to think that just because ads are randomly aired on a youtube vid, the company endorses the Videos content...
You mean shot
Why tho fuck does he get to keep those when he gets grounded?
Didn't think about it that much when i posted it. Just thought america and make a gun joke.
How would you take out lesion traps? I thought they were invisible?
Hitlerbolts dont get bombs though...
I have a Hitlerbolt and it can't load bombs. The russian one can however. And the american one of course. The german one doesn't get bombs though. I just checked.
Nope. I wish it did...
They don't all look like that. Just the functionality is mostly the same.
90mm will most definitely shatter. Even akizuki shatters against DDs without IFHE and that's 100mm
Can we please ban Bismarcks and Tirpitzes from Ranked? They are 99% of the time utterly clueless lemmings and the ships in general are just shit compared to the competition...
Those Tigers better start giving Milk!
His skill is amazing for US cruisers though. Arguably better than Dunkirks skills if you ask me.
At least he didn't threaten you with guantanamo... wouldn't put it past him.
Probably the guy that got it for Not playing for months.
I think you got it right. I've Never heard someone talk about the spectrum using frequencies, only ever wavelengths. Even my Professors only Talk about the Frequency when comparing different channels of a Remote and so on.
Problem is Richard the Signalman fires a signalflare into your magazine to let you know you've been spotted. He was always a Bit special.
Baltimore will certainly be nerfed. I can't see them just unleashing that beast on tier 6 without adjustments. I'm trying to get to the Des Memes before the split because i'm worried the new tier 9 might be worse than my balti. The opposite could also be true of course.
Its Good for ranked grinds. When the 200% first win was on i raked in around 14k 7 Days in a row using a couple of flags.
I Never quite understood the importance of ticking every box in a roster. I dont mind at all i just find it weird how important some people make it out to be. Its cartoon characters at the end of the day. On One Hand you have people that hate in Blizzard for Making tracer gay and so on, on the other you have people acting like the inclusion of gay tracer is akin to MLK, Rosa Parks and the Time women finally got to vote. And then i'm just playing a videogame with a cute artstyle Not giving a shit about the sexuality of my chosen Pixel character. Am i out of touch here or are those people just a very vocal Minority?
Warmashine-kin? I'm Sure someone on Tumblr qualifies. At least as a parody.
To me it would be acceptable today. Its a skid. Why do people always want to assume this is somehow meant to represent all black men as violent carjackers? If the colours were reversed noone would cry about how Whites are portrayed as violent carjackers. (Except the "war on whites" morons that are nothing more than the Equivalent of the people that get unreasonably offended by Everything)
Just the way i experienced it in Uni. Whenever the electromagnetic spectrum would be introduced it would usually be accompanied by a picture like this one: http://www.eyelighting.com/_CE/pagecontent/Images/Lamp%20Technology%20Education/quality%20of%20a%20light%20source.jpg As you can see it compares them by wavelength not frequency wich applies to all variants of that picture i've come across so far.
So why should it be? That you and i should get along so awfullyyyyy? God damn now i have that song stuck in my head again.
Dont quite remember what i googled but it was also the first or second picture that showed up (the one i posted) Edit: Found it! i googled "The spectrum of light" yeah i know bit of a silly term but still that's the kind of picture i mostly see in books and so on.
So basically "Play junkrat like a windowlicker and you'll be fine". Yeah checks out
WHY DID BLIZZARD PUSH THIS CITY TEAM SHIT IN THE FIRST PLACE THEN? WHATS THE POINT OF JUST FORCING SIMILARITIES TO REAL SPORTS WHEN IT DOESNT MAKE ANY LOGICAL SENSE?
I cut ties to my shithead Father for less. Only so much bullshit i'll Take before i cut someone out of my life.
For me the biggest advantage of PUBG is First Person mode. Third Person is too easily abused if you ask me.
What does a Season Pass get you in Fortnite? I thought its f2p? Dont mind the boxes in Pubg tbh. Couldnt care less about how i look and every Event Box is free steamfunds for me.
These charms suck ass. Even if you just got the icon but in colour sort of like a keychain it would be cooler. The Birthday challenges for the CTUs are way better.
This is me. Sometimes i regret it After but rejecting compliments is like my Natural response. I always assume they are messin with me :/
Personally i don't give a shit about the map i just want my damn nova widow skin...
Wich are just lame recolours tbh. As someone who is not invested in any of the teams that's just a letdown.
We have a point though... My favourite example of this: In the last year of school we had to read a certain book. A book wich most of our class thought was utterly retarded and had no value other than being the subject of the final test. I can't remember what it was but there was a line in it similar in significance to blue curtains. However our teacher was adamant that it meant something very very deep and came up with all sorts of convoluted ways to convince us. Lucky her the author of the book toured schools and answered questions. So when he got to our school and was done with his presentation she saw her chance. She asked him about that line and if her theory was correct. You should have seen the smugness disappear from her face as he flat out told her: "No there was no deeper meaning for that. I just needed a damn colour for that couch!". I have no problem with trying to teach children to read between the lines but a lot of material children are given is just pompous and the teachers are trying to one up each other with deep sounding mambo jambo.
So having a cultural experience is just pulling stuff out of your ass claiming it's "in there"? Thanks but i'll take my culture a bit more heavy handed even if it makes me look like a simpleton.
There is a difference between putting in effort and looking like your Skin is made of plastic panels. I dont think people are hating on makeup rather just the girls that actively try to look like robots.
You would have to Pay me to eat Avocado. I hate it so much. Tastes like liquid shrubbery.
Not the guy you asked but i don't have to Date someone to get to know them. Most people i Enjoy Hanging out with i Call friends Single or not. Why do people Act like i should just pick One to try and fuck even though i don't feel i want to? Whats the point of pretending to be in Love with someone just so you can tell everyone you're in a relationship?
Am 22. Still hate the Taste of alcohol. Tastes like cough medicine or laundry detergent. Coffee also isn't my Thing. Give me that 90% chocolate though.
Is that actually a thing that happens? My mom never cut grapes for me and i didn't choke... In general i thought smaller things were choking hazards, hence why duplo and stuff is so large?
Unless you're a line cook in a restaurant why would you need even the plastic lid? Especially this contraption. I bet i slice 10 tomatoes faster than that guy get his slice x thingy out, sets it up, cuts 10 tomatoes and that doesnt't even include the fact that i only have to clean one cutting board where he also has to clean the shitty x thingy.
Wasting 2/3 of the gasoline is a bit misleading. It sounds like there is just gasoline blown into the air with the exhaust wich isn't true. "20-38%" thermal effiency just means that of the energy stored in the gasoline 20-38% go into actually propelling the vehicle the rest is heat. And saying computers only give you heat is a bit misleading as well. Their purpose is not to convert energy like an engine. They do something like process words or solve equations and require energy to do so. How would you rate efficiency in a computer. None of the work it does for you can be quantified as energy so you would have a hard time calculating efficiency like you did with the car engine.
If we could actually convert mass into energy nuclear powerplants would envy any human.
It also depends on the pressure. Pure oxygen at 0.21 atmospheric pressure is pretty alright. That's what they use in space suits so they don't have to carry nitrogen and the suit doesn't have to be as strong. 100% oxygen at atmospheric pressure however would fuck you up pretty badly.
Now how about this glorious unheard of idea: Approach known bottled water companies and license them your double vortex bottle. That's an idea Mister Wonderful would have come up with in seconds on Shark Tank. Why do people try so desperately to enter markets that are insanely competitive? Why try to beat "Big Water" if you can join them and make more money than you will realistically make on your own while carrying a lot less risk?
Akizuki is Great fun. Other than that you are correct.
Not for EU. Only One captain had 10 points (takao) even the guy in the suit came with 0 points on EU
I always forget that but mounting the suspension module makes it bearable. Might have to give up optics but hey at least you can pen shit.
Dragonman has nothing to do with ARP though,
When did you skip Balti? It's a pretty fun ship nowadays.
So does anyone know if Immortal Orisas shield will have an effect similar to the immortal in Starcraft 2? The ones of you that played will remember. Normal Protoss shields were just blue transparent bubbles but the immortal shield was made up of hexagons or something.
I wonder what would happen if they knew how overstated sex is before you have some. When i was a Virgin it was like this amazing thing i desperately wanted. Now i can't even be arsed to reinstall Tinder. If i don't want to be with that person outside of the bedroom i might as well just jerk it...
I mean the darknet probably has a service for that?
Why would you subscribe to a subreddit with posts like this then? I mean i wouldn't read several posts calling for the murder of infidels on the ISIS twitter if it legitimately scared me? That just seems counter productive. You wouldnt watch a season of Mayday if you were afraid of flying right?
Now i mean this is the nicest possible way. Are you alright? If this scares you so much living in a society that's roughly 50% male must be pretty stressfull? Are you sure its not a legitimate psychological problem? This much fear doesn't seem Healthy :/ Edit: just realized you aren't OP. Still OP might want to think about this.
I mean in a room with 23 people there is a &gt;50% chance two will share a birthday. Not thaaaaat unlikely.
Same her. I hate it when Games wont allow me to toggle. Toggle for Everything, leaning, sprinting etc.
The Wiki says Breaking a wall takes two charges. Door panels and gadgets take one. So the poor guy can only smash 12 walls...
Frosty! She's just cool...... I kind of like her gun and her gadget is nice. The gun could have a little more RoF but i seem to do well with it. In attack i don't really have One but people like me when i Play Thatcher. Fookin' Lasersights.
Do you laugh when you watch people bang their heads in fail videos? That's Schadenfreude.
Bigger Problem in my book is how aircraft aircon works. They basically fill in heated air from the outside on one end and bleed it at the back end. How would you separate the expensive helium from the air?
So Mocha is just hot chocolate with espresso? TIL and might have found a Coffee i actually like...
Then Please answer this one for me. The game in question has an Option to mute chat with the enemy team. However everytime i restart the game i have to reenable it. It Stays on as long as the game runs even through multiple matches. Am i correct in assuming, that it wouldn't be much work to include an option that permanently does it?
Out of curiosity what happened to those Clients? That sounds more like an Animal and less like a human. Are these just episodes and otherwise they're normal or are they always like this?
Sadly this didn't turn into one of those slightly immoral sales pitches i've come to expect by being on the Internet:(
Is that you St. Peter? Do you know da wae? - goes to hell
Given that i'm talking about blizzard i imagine they have that ability :D
I mean as much as i agree with hating on CIG and Roberts this video oozes just as much arrogance as Roberts himself.
Who is howard Stern? Worth checking out?
So Lobsters are the real life equivalent of Anime Senseis? No wonder we eat the fuckers if they get old enough they take over.
He's responsible for policing Lithuanian Airspace when he Clocks off.
I was taught dots before lines. Dots is Multiplication and Division, lines is Addition and substraction
Eigth grade? A 4th grader can solve this.
Just treat it like a bracket? Or an Exponent. Roots are just Exponents after all...
Because math is entirely arbitrary and that's the way we decided it works. Same reason we Drive on one side of the road.
Is that different for america? Amazon in Germany offers me 1070s at about 100€ lower than when i bought one in 2016. Not much but at least not more expensive.
They do if EU law forces them to.
I mean the guy in WWII that fought using a claymore and bow wearing a kilt was pretty badass.
As an outsider: does Puerto Rico Count? Not because of the people or anything it just seems to be a Bad place to be right now from what i hear?
Armored personnel was more 1400 KIA. However that includes people dieing outside their tank as well for example after succesfully getting out and then getting mashinegunned. In the end it comes out to around 3% KIA for armor and 18% for infantry
For the soviets that might be true but for the US you'd be far better off dating a tanker going by that logic.
Why though? It was way safer in WWII than carrying a Garand?
Make it a Probe then?
Actually it is. I had a weird modder in the game once that abused the mission rewards. 40k heist rewards kept popping into my Account like 6 times per second. Left immediately but even those 30 seconds got me several millions.
Wrong arm. I'm gonna give him the benefit of the Doubt and assume he wanted to do a mix between the praise the sun thingy and chanka but reddit swallowed one arm. Same Thing with the dropped arm with this one: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
That's why i put the percentages at the end. Only 3% of armored personnel died whereas 18% of all deployed infantry died.
I struggle to see how that is less scary than having your head blown open by a sniper or being shredded by an artillery shell? Is there any place on the battlefiel where you don't die a brutal death if hit?
That isn't how statistics work... Approximately one fifth of infantrymen died. Only 3% of armored personnel died. That means you had a way better chance to survive if you were an armored guy. And for the record it was something like 50k armored personell and over 700k infantry. Doesn't change the fact that you had a way better chance to survive if you were in armored force.
Yeah always a great argument. Next time: Yeah 4v5 matches in CS:GO are fine! You just need to gid gud and it won't be a problem anymore!
Not really. If anyone is to blame it's the retarded matchmaker that can't deal with it.
How can it be confusing? We are talking about your chance of dieing in any given service here? Percentages is literally the only thing that matters. It could be a million tankers versus ten infantry. If the percentages were the same your risk of dieing doesn't change. If one out of five infantry men die it doesn't matter if you're one of ten infantrymen or one of a million. Your chance is one in five.
I'll take the tin can. When it comes to dieing i really don't care about comfort i just want to avoid it entirely. And with that much of a difference no that few minutes of comfort is definitely not worth that much of an increase in risk in my book. But to each their own.
People dont like predatory boxes These days. The skins you at least get what you Pay for.
Surely you have laws against insulting people? Calling someone a nazi is an insult just as much as calling them an asshole is? Why should the police Let it slide?
Army guy knocks you down and Hans sits on your back until the patrolcar arrives. Easy.
Those are Rookie numbers.
Is that seriously the reason for that? How violent are American schools wtf.
I guess it comes across like that if you dont know buckley. His fans would probably find it weirder if he was nice.
And they hate "libcuck" Germany.
He's talking about the Epic Cashmere skin. It's part of her Posh bundle. it looks really nice and basically removes all white from her uniform.
It's the same mechanism as with clothes irl. Unless you look in a mirror you rarely see your torso but you still try to wear something not shitty looking because of the other people around.
Even people 70 years ago wore nice clothes to impress their peers? How is it a generational thing? I don't like spending that much money on skins either but that's the itch it scratches for most people.
Think about it this way: If i see you with a great looking frost skin i might think to myself very very shortly: "hm MoonbaseComm has good taste" Then i'd move on. I don't think that's much different from someone just passing you on the road. option to turn it off would be a good middleground though. World of tanks for all it's faults has an option to disable unhistorical skins for example.
House could have been a carpenter and i still would have watched it. I hate Medical shows but his Banter was just too funny.
Similar to how every dude in porn seems to have s 20 inch straight as an arrow cock.
Part of the ship, Part of the crew!
Audie Murphy. Aint noone fucking with me in the future!
TIL Elon Musk is Malekith.
And then there are people that constantly state that they are, in fact, not hot and can never be hot.
If it's as likely what's the problem? If both are a one in a bazillion chance it's basically just preference wich one you roll with.
Someone get Connery on the line. We need crazy Ivan with his bullet allergic sub in here.
I disagree. Whenever people make me mix drinks with alcohol it always leaves an aftertaste in my Mouth that just tastes like something died in my mouth. While actually Drinking its fine but when that aftertaste hits its disgusting.
I'll have icecold Water instead thank you very much. You Enjoy your beer though none of my business what you enjoy.
Agreed. I'll go with friends but my ears constantly hurt and the music sucks ass...
I just admit that i don't know. Makes more sense to me than believing One of countless holy books and subscribing to their arbitrary rules. But people can believe what they want.
He is but can you blame him given the amount of potatoes in this game? Since wargaming cant figure how to do actual ranked gameplay the good players are forced to play with shitters. Its like counterstrike had global elites and silver 1s in the same game all the time.
I still can't wrap my head around Why the americans scrapped Enterprise. The most decorated ship of the war and they Pass up the opportunity to turn it into a museum?
Then again, most scientific explanations for stuff are based on facts, previously discovered rules or logically sound predictions that can't contradict each other to be considered viable. Most religions on the other hand just go with "Space wizard did it" and even with that simple of an explanation manage to contradict themselves. I don't blame people for wanting answers but i think it's lazy. If you went back to the Black death and showed them penicilin you would get some people trying to actually figure out how it works and some would just call it magic and burn you at the stake after they're healed. I'd rather meet the first crowd.
Or i could just make them without alcohol. It offers nothing to me that i would consider worth paying for tbh but that's just my opinion and i don't judge people for liking to get drunk.
Bit offtopic but Action for Actions sake is a very common Problem in politics all over the world. We had so many more speedlimits passed in this german city for the sake of airquality even though it's been shown that comfort stoves have way more impact. But it's easier to hate on cars than to get people to turn Off their fireplace so they fuck up traffic just so it seems like they're doing something.
Whats the alternative? Denying the Children without crackhead parents the Chance to learn academic Stuff because their day is stuffed with "dont buy shit you dont need if you need the money" class? What are those Children supposed to do when they get to uni? Universities are complaining about declining baseline knowledge as is.
And then people are gonna be even more behind the Curve when they get to uni because all they did all day was Talk about feelings and not to spend cash on useless shit. (I'm exagerating). Classes like that should be an Option offered to anyone that needs it but not required in the general curriculum.
Why does that distinction even exist? In Germany we just have one math class.
Yeah i get what you're saying but forgotiwasfine is also just human. He's expected to teach Kids the current curriculum wich he probably went to uni for. You can't just slap every other topic on top of that and expect him to squeal with Joy. I feel bad for the people with shitty parents but the goverment can't fix every issue there is. Also i would have hated forced classes like that in school. I would have fallen asleep Since i know These things because i'm lucky enough to have a good mother. So how would wasting my Time on that be fair to me back then? If anything These classes should be offered to who wants them but never enforced as obligatory subjects.
I Sound like a seal that is having an orgasm and an aneurhysm at the same time. Do i qualify?
Being able to Control it doesn't even Factor into it imo. I'm sorry but i'm also not attracted to people whose limbs came out looking like decrepified hotdogs. I dont hate these people and i feel Bad for them but i still wouldn't want to Date them.
Or a visible sixpack when you're a guy that hardly breaches the 50 Kilo Mark on a Good day.
Friend of mine doesn't own salt. She has a salt shaker. It's been empty for years though. One peppercorn in 500g of food is too much for her.
I'm more curious where they find guys wearing hats? I hardly See any These Days. Unless it's "college" porn. Gotta have the hat and sleeveless shirt.
This seems really weird. May i ask what you did in college? I assume it's nothing in engineering otherwise you would have basic electrical knowledge. That's what the math you take in school's higher grades is for after all. to prepare people for that path if they want to take it. With the abundance of google information you really don't need school to teach you to cook. First aid you get if you do anything like a drivers license at least over here. No school can teach you to be a good boyfriend. Finance brings us back to google and common sense. Also who the fuck actually does 4-6 hours of homework? Like hell noone even did homework in the last 2 years in my class except for like one girl.
I never thought about his skin colour tbh. I just missed the beard.
Really tempted to get myself the Eugen. On the other hand that money could free xp me past the Izumo cancer...
Joke's on them i already have all of those ships... And Monaghan is boring as fuck from what i've seen. Who wants to willingly play farragut more than he has to?
You're not paying for the tier 2 tank. It's just a shitty bonus for that warchest bundle. The bundle would be alright if buying credits in WoT with real money wasn't a big nono.
and light cruisers. But i really struggle to see how playing a carrier would be fun in this game. Ai aircraft are probably a nono and if all you do is drive around a semi defenseless airfield it's gonna get boring quick.
From the videos i've seen planes are not gonna be gamechanging in this mode like they are in GF. Mainly because every ship has like 5-6 wirbelwinds stuck to it's side anyway.
*laughs in swordfish*
WHile i agree i think aircraft will be pretty useless. Manymilesaway made a good point that since every ship comes with several wirbelwinds attached, CAS will never be as effective as in GF.
America is a sensible choice even if you haven't drank the freedom koolaid. It's by far the biggest Navy at the end of WW2 and fought the most well known battles and the country is lined wit museum ships of all ship types.
hush now calm down young man. If you're nice i'll even let Tirpitz play with the Tall Bois.
I don't think Kron is weak at all. It really rewards good aim and angling. At least it's unique unlike Musashi.
I got kronshtadt with xp i had saved up so it was effectively free. I really enjoy it. If you can aim it prints citadels on enemy cruisers, inluding hindenburgs. I think the comparison to a tier 9 Scharnhorst is fair. It's not as good a brawler but those guns are hella fun.
Skip Nelson. I really regret spending my free xp on it. It's hella boring if you do the recomended HE spam and the AP is too short fused to be good against BBs. I wish i had free xp'ed past Izumo with that xp.
I'll have to see wether i get into it :) I've been a pretty active in world of warships player these last years so i'm kinda invested in that (And KM without Prinz Eugen just isn't the same). Gonna wait for some videos of the actual CBT before i decide. The one ship is desperately want though is Akizuki. Dakka Dakka Dakka. Feel free to PM me your ingame name though :)
He just likes to overact so much. He'd be great if he just got roles that play to that. Directors make the mistake to put him into serious roles way too much.
Fletcher gets Bofors and the Main guns double as AA guns. I think Fletcher is the way to go here.
WoT never had premium modules. And premium Ammo has been available with credits for years now. Just lately they even removed the ability to Buy prem rounds with cash at all.
But those are also available for credits and i've never seen anyone pay gold for them...
This is scientifically known as "The Rule of Cool".
General Barrelrolli
I've heard this thrown around a lot but it doesn't make any sense. Whatever System you grow up using is gonna seem more intuitive. However you can't deny the Conversion of celsius to Kelvin is easier than Fahrenheit to Kelvin.
However you just Saved yourself 20 bucks.
I mean given how much some people play and how good camobonuses are that isn't that far out there. Using camos and events you can easily finish a tier 9 grind in 40 Battles. Compared to WoT where a tier 9 grind can easily take 150+ Games that's a joke.
I wouldn't call it a Khaba because Open water Dakka isn't really its niche. Its a cap Bully sort of like Lo Yang and Akizuki.
I wouldn't say that. They are very situational but highly useful nonetheless. If you embrace the unicum and use them wisely you can get quite Good damage with them.
Nelson. That free xp could have skipped Izumo:(
Food Waste decomposes. That bottle is gonna Stick around, not even counting the fact that its made from limited ressources unlike food.
not 80km/h. It'd be 80 knots. Which is 148km/h
You don't feel movement you feel the acceleration or i guess the wind on your skin if you want to go there. Falling feels like falling because you're constantly accelerating at 9.81m/s^2 You would eventually reach a final speed at least in an atmosphere at wich point you wouldn't feel the acceleration anymore.
I play all three Games, but neither World of Tanks nor World of warships offer any modules / consumables that enhance performance that you can't Buy with ingame credits. Especially in wows everyone just runs premium consumables because they pay for themselves by getting you better results. You still make more money than japanese high tier Props:P We can argue about OP Premiums all day and i'll agree they are problematic. However much of this subs Information on "premium modules and consumables" in WG's products seem either out of Date or Flat out wrong.
Can confirm. Friend is getting a Bachelors in Physics and has Never even touched fluiddynamics which are really damn important. Source: Working on my Bachelor's in Aerospace Engineering.
It can actually take off and land if the Airport is equipped for it. Most aren't and the legislation is tricky so most landings are still Manual.
Join us Brother and pray to the mouse god for T-61.
Maybe he's One of those people that believe that TAM increases the Shipspotting of Radar and Hydro (it doesn't)
That actor will always just be the Scientist from Pacific Rim to me...
Agreed. Lingerie is the best. Lots of girls look better with it than completely nude even.
Be sure to get the upgrade to boosted and then H-Bomb though. for the low price of 5000GE per upgrade!
And the 50mm armor. While useless against Hindenburg it's still quite an advantage against other DDs and cruisers.
Become mad Scientist and bring them back to life obviously.
You'd get a generic operator. Police vehicles still read 110 though because that's what people associate with the police.
Blackbeard is so Good at peaking. It's wonderful. On Defense either Bandit Lesion or Echo my thicc boi.
You're forgetting hollow ones, ripples on the surface etc. all of wich enhance the noodle's ability to retain sauce or carry chunky stuff like minced meat.
Hold B to be dominated. bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
Expand your horizons and you will also improve as a BB player. Also once you get better cruisers and DDs are way more fun in my opinion.
Curious Why is a 19 Pointer important on a cv? Shouldnt 10 or 14 Points cover you for most random battle gameplay?
But you dont even have to remember that York doesn't have smoke. None of the german cruisers have it. Just remember german CA-no smoke and you're already covering 6 ships. I can understand someone Not Remembering that Belfast doesn't bring torps even though the other british CLs do. But the yorck example just screams potato ignorance.
If its like on the PTS right now you can get 17.6km Range on it :D Im sure they'll Take out the Range Upgrade but can you imagine the beauty of a citadelless Atlanta with cruiser range at tier 10?
You don't have to give up CE. You can get AFT, CE and IFHE just fine with a 19 point captain. The US light cruisers do it too. You'll have to pick between SE and SI though.
Where are the nuclear submarines when you need them to torpedo some fools?
Whatever you call it you don't attack a nation armed with nuclear submarines, ICBMS and state of the art warships if your most impressive vessel is a refurbished WW2 cruiser. *Laughs in Conqueror*
i mean with the IFHE changes DE isn't as important. IFHE only lowers your chance by 0.5% against tier ten BBs. Also if the DD armor changes go through you can just drop IFHE, farm damage on BBs with fires and still contest DDs while having DE and AR.
Wich is awesome I'll have to Restart my ognevoi grind.
Khaba still gives up smoke for it and is a horrible DD. She's an awesome cruiser though but sometimes you need an actual DD instead. Games where you get a Khaba and the Enemy Team an actual DD Can go horribly wrong.
Like what? If you were slower than the offending DD seriously what could you do other than run? (Wich btw is a Tactic that works with Radar too with radar actually being more balanced because you can come back once it runs out)
But you wouldn't need detflags if that shitty Mechanic wasn't in the game. It's literally fixing a problem it caused itself.
Its worth considering that there are lots of potatoes playing yamato in brawls and shit because they read about how awesome it is on some weeb Blog. Its just a very niche playstyle not a lot of pubbies do well at
It's the fact that it just explodes when you're out of position or caught broadside. Ships like Conqueror don't care about that and if you haven't noticed, positioning is one of the main skills the average potato lacks.
So having to stay out of 10km for 30 seconds (more if US cruiser) is so much worse than having to chase people to the edge of the map leaving you completely out of position got it. The only people mad about stealth fire being gone seem to be people that can't hack it without that retard proof mechanic.
What other Bundles were there?
Lord Please Let kidd look like this with the Alternate Colour.
Geralt wasn't bland and that only made the Witcher game even better. I think the time for cookie cutter MCs is over for a lot of people. At least for me it is.
Bit underwhelming to me tbh. I'm not that hyped for create your own MC, GTA in the future. I kinda wish it was more along the lines of Witcher and Dishonored where you get some really cool characters to slip into. Let's hope they blow us away despite the doubts some people have.
Nature is one tenacious son of a bitch.
