I still think TW1 is one of the better RPGs out there. A lot of people don't like it. You have to remember it's built on the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights and Knights of the Old Republic fame), and as such is *much more similar* to a classic CRPG than a modern action RPG. As an RPG it's far more complex than either TW2 or TW3. The combat turns a lot of people off. I never personally had an issue with it. The story and writing is great, though the game takes a bit to get going. TW2 is one of the best RPG games ever made IMO, and is surpassed only by TW3. Many seem to criticize the lack of open world but frankly I don't get it. The narrative is tight and the game is focussed.. and the later two chapters change completely depending on the choices you make. It is a far more political story than either TW1 or TW3. TW2 is the only game that I beat and started over again in the same day. I'm currently on my fourth playthrough (only on my second for TW1, mainly because it's a 50+ hour game). I may be in the minority but I also think TW1 and TW2 have better OSTs than TW3. The entire series is great.
I occasionally use LEGO minifigs to help me visualize fight scenes by acting them out step by step with the minifigs. I've used Skyrim with mods before to make some approximations of my characters (effort vs. payoff isn't very good here though). I use a lot of different resources made for pen &amp; paper RPGs for various things. There's a lot of good stuff for worldbuilding in a fantasy setting (actually, the base of my current magic system was a combination of the Pathfinder and D&amp;D systems).
What annoys me most about it is that I'll state my experience about running my GPU and why I prefer it over my previous GPU of the other brand, and people will respond to my post and tell me I'm wrong. Like WTF. No, I'm not wrong. I'm pretty sure I know exactly how my GPU is running on my rig.
&gt; Why the downvotes lol, how am I supposed to know you find that out 2 minutes into the game Because it wasn't a game spoiler, it was a book spoiler, and not a particularly big one at that. Most people don't consider events that happened in the books "spoilers", especially considering how many things in TW3 relate back to the books.
nVidia drivers were recently updated. Maybe try rolling those back?
Disable SweetFX, set gamma, re-enable sweetFX.
I would absolutely argue that TW3 is objectively better than Skyrim. Without even touching the "meh" story and crap quests: vanilla Skyrim is mediocre. Particularity people will bash it who are big fans of previous TES games, specifically Morrowind. Morrowind isn't flawless by any means but whereas a lot of Morrowind's faults are either technical or limitations of the technology at the time, many of Skyrim's faults are deliberate design choices. There's some things Skyrim gets right but in some ways it's the perfect illustration of how making a game "more accessible" actually hurts the overall quality of the game by significantly simplifying certain gameplay elements that shouldn't have been simplified. On PC a lot of Skyrim's annoyances can be directly blamed on developing for last-gen console limitations (Skyrim remains a poster child for shit UI design, as well as very poor memory management and very harsh memory limitations, crap dynamic draw distances and LOD ranges, mediocre quality stock textures, poor AA implementation, the list goes on). The game doesn't even make any real use of DX11 on PC. It was never made with 64-bit support because last-gen consoles didn't support it, despite how much benefit it would have gotten from it. Not to mention being hardly playable right off install without .ini tweaks if you're not using a controller (or it was for the first 6 months or so on release, no idea what it's like now). There was a lot of lazy development on Bethesda's part with Skyrim on PC. I've encountered a few bugs with TW3 (nothing compared to Skyrim), but the overall game design and writing quality blows Skyrim away. Most PC players who rave about Skyrim do so because you can mod the game out the ass and back. And frankly, that's the only reason it's got staying power. And it's somewhat ironic that one of the best mods for Skyrim circumvents Bethesda's memory fuckup... which was a combination of the ancient engine it's on and setting a low hard limit for consoles (why this wasn't different in the PC version is beyond me). This is coming from someone who could hardly manage 20 hours in stock skyrim and now has over 250 in it modded. And I've never finished the main story in Skyrim because, frankly, it's boring as shit and the characters are so incredibly two-dimensional that I just don't care about any of them. The above might have come off a bit like I'm console bashing.. that's not my intention. Rather I want to illustrate that Skyrim was a game that was held back by poor design decisions and the requirement to make *significant* technical compromises because of the old hardware it hard to run on. There's a few compromises in TW3 from a technical side, but they sure as hell didn't dumb down the gameplay in the name of "accessibility".
Unlikely. TW1 is on a modified the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights/KotoR), so the controls are heavily embedded into a that type of game. You're not going to get it playing like TW2 and 3.
Yen *is* a complete bitch. *Nobody* likes her. A lot of people think that the relationship Geralt has is some kind of storybook happy relationship, and can't fathom why he'd be in a relationship with Yen. It isn't. They're both deeply flawed characters that are in a sometimes very toxic relationship. Triss is naive and manipulative, in both the books and the games. She lets herself be used and she uses Geralt for her own purposes. Yennifer is one of the only ones that told the lodge to go f--- themselves every time they tried to use her for their own purposes and especially when they tried to use Geralt or Ciri. Yen might be a complete bitch, but she's an honest bitch.
* Keep your hard drives organised. Don't put user data all over the fucking place, it makes it really hard to find and backup stuff. * Backup important data. * DON'T ROBO-CLICK THROUGH INSTALL MENUS. Read them. * *DON'T INSTALL STUPID, RANDOM SHIT.* * If the program/solution seems to good to be true, it probably is. * Snake-oil solutions don't work on your car.. they don't work on the computer, either. * Unless you *really* know what you're doing, the operating system is better at virtual memory management than you are. Don't fuck with those settings. * Actually, don't fuck with any settings if you don't know what their purpose is. Feel free to fuck around with stuff, but you should have an idea what it does first so you know what result to look for. * Troubleshooting: Start with the simplest solution first, and as much as possible only change on variable at a time. * 90% of the time it's not a virus, update, or bad piece of software that's screwing things up. It's something you've done. * The remaining 10% of the time, it's something you've installed on the computer. * If programs crash or you get error messages, *actually read them*. Many times they'll either tell you exactly what's wrong or give you enough information to start troubleshooting. * Make copies of configuration files before you make changes to them.
I agree about the horse controls. Unresponsive as fuck. I don't want a horse that reacts instantly, but reacting *at all* would be nice. Particularly annoying to me is when the game doesn't realise I'm no longer holding down the 'Shift' key and my fucking horse won't stop galloping. As for the other movement controls though.. I honestly don't have a huge issue with them. Maybe it's because I spent so much time with TW2. I remapped a lot of them as well so I don't have to do any "finger gymnastics". Skyrim's movement feels very artificial in comparison. [And about climbing mountains...](https://31.media.tumblr.com/8ce9b5f0107c74a6d65342555d138375/tumblr_inline_ngoz7k75G61svc0hs.jpg)
That works both ways. By the time the games roll around there's close to 20 years of history between Geralt, Yennifer and Triss. It's hard to just ignore that.
Obviously book spoilers: Basically Triss let the lodge use her to get to Ciri, knowing full well what they had planned for the child. Triss went along with them because she was too afraid to stand up to them. The lodge tried the same thing with Yennifer, and Yennifer told them to fuck off. Triss was afraid they'd kill her. Yennnifer was afraid she'd die and Geralt would think she'd betrayed him and Ciri. IMO it says a lot about their respective characters. This is the source of the biggest tension between Yennifer and Triss. What Triss did with Geralt compounds it.
NCIX. You can customize their prebuilts or pick the parts from scratch. They'll build it for $50. I've been dealing with NCIX for years. No complaints.
Yuup. I've really been wanting to SLI my setup with an identical card.. but it's still going to cost me $600-$700 for the GTX 780 (non-ti). It fucking hertz.
I'm currently writing a short story series that has similarities to The Witcher saga. This isn't surprising since it was Andrzej Sapkowski's works that inspired me to get back to writing (fantasy writing in particular), and I have no doubt that anyone familiar with his work who read mine could find some similarities. Having said that, there are *a lot* of differences too. For example, my story has wizards and sorcerers (one of the MC's is a sorceress).. but I've built my own magic system that has no resemblance to Sapkowski's at all. While the *feel* of my world is similar and I've tried to maintain the gritty, dark feel Sapkowski wrote, it's still my world. It has it's own politics, it's own story. The MCs have their own allegiances and motivations. Yea, I've got an MC who sorta falls in love with a sorceress. Mages are often advisers in royal courts. My main MC is a badass with swords. Overall though those are pretty generic. My MC isn't a mutant -he's an expert in a very specific type of martial combat. He doesn't fight monsters. He's often shunned because of racism.. but that's because his kingdom kicked the ever-loving shit out of everyone else's in a war that happened 10 years previous, before his people were almost completely annihilated using magic. So while I've taken a lot of inspiration from The Witcher series, I'm very much working on my own story. So you want to write about monster hunters? Sure. That's a pretty generic idea and leaves a TON of room for you do your own thing. Why are there monsters in the world? Why do monster hunters exist? Maybe they're a highly respected, elite military unit instead of mutants? That leaves you a lot more room to have them work together, introducing more characters and possible inter-character conflict, etc. And you could do that while maintaining the "feel" of the world similar to what Sapkowski created, if you wanted to. Just $0.02 from someone else who loves The Witcher.
Yes.
The flat edge of the plug goes toward the INSIDE of the case, and ALWAYS at a right angle.
Flat edge toward the inside of the case. Not that hard.
It's not designed to be an invincibility shield. It absorbs damage and heals you but still collapses. It's more of an alternative to having to down your limited number of Swallow potions during a fight.
There's six books.. two short story collections and ~~4~~ 5 novels. Start with 'The Last Wish', it's the first short story collection. Very good read. This book introduces most of the characters you're familiar with. Ciri is introduced in the second short story collection, 'The Sword of Destiny'.
Hi.
&gt; I just know that when it comes to survellaince devices like cameras in the work place, if they have an audio recorder, that all employees are supposed to be notified and have given permission to be recorded audiolly. Different situation. That's essentially third party surveillance. The employer is not a party involved in the conversation.
EDIT: Thanks for the gold, CMDR. Frankly, the market is spartan right now, you've basically only got one quality entry in each bracket. I'll do a quick summary here: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * Mad Catz/Saitek AV8R: I would consider this the bottom-of-the-barrel entry. MSRP is around $30 so you're not going to find anything cheaper. Poor design, throttles in very awkward position. Cheaply made, few buttons. Ambidextrous. I believe this was originally made as a PS3 controller. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY 5: Better than the above. Much more customizable. IMO expensive stick for what you get, especially if you're in Europe and can get VKB stuff. Better throttle placement than the AV8R. Might be worth looking into if you find most sticks uncomfortable. * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: IMO best budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite though. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). IMO best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, but they're excellent quality pots. Modelled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m (or two T16000m sticks if all you play is SC/ED) * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup. Unless you're playing a shitton of jet sims, then probably the warthog. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. All metal. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $300. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. Also, /r/hotas
Good to know.
Your good experience doesn't trump the many bad ones. &gt; This is the best budget stick ever made, without a doubt. No, that honor goes to the T16000m. The motion on the T16000 is significantly better than the 3D pro, and it's a significantly more precise stick with excellent programming software. It's also ambidextrous. Literally the *only* thing the Logitec has going for it over the T16k is better button placement.
In the video options, set frames to unlimited.
Thanks anyway. Good to know I'm not crazy.. as they say, misery loves company ;) Normally I'm not a fan of DoF but I found the default DoF settings to be just about perfect.
I *highly* recommend playing TW2 before TW3. You just won't get near as much from the third game otherwise. TW2 isn't a very long game, you can play through the main story in under 20 hours. Frankly, if you have so little time, I wouldn't play either until you do. These games are worth spending the time on. Also, keep in mind TW3 is easily a 60 hour game, compared to the 15-20 for TW2.
Because closed platform. Heck, just look at how long it's taking to get *official patches* approved through Sony and MS. They're what.. two patches behind the PC version? Open platform is one of the biggest advantages to PC gaming.
Why wouldn't you read the short stories?
This should be the first step in addressing some of the drastic shortcomings ED had on launch. 1.1 and 1.2 added some new features but were largely bug and mechanical fixes. This is the first update that addresses core gameplay complaints. Looking forward to trying it out. I haven't touched ED in over a month.
One of my biggest issues with ED is that, at the end of the day, nothing you do matters. You can spend 200 hours in the game supporting the same faction. So the fuck what? The artificial economy especially is a real deal-breaker. I'm hoping this patch addresses some of that.
IMO it doesn't really even need a story. It just needs to give you a reason to play it, or provide you enough tools to make your own reason. In its current state it does neither.
&gt; Fixes a rare issue whereby Geralt could not mount Roach after fast travelling between points. Yea.. no it doesn't.
Haha, no, it is certainly legit. I know.. strange advice. The Tuesday patch (unofficial) updated a bunch of DLLs and some people are noticing some different behaviour now, including crashing on start.
Maybe, maybe not. SC has a hell of a leg up, and it hasn't even released yet.
But the persistent universe doesn't really do anything. There's some conflict zones and community rewards.. but none of it matters. Again.. a huge part of it is the total lack of any kind of dynamic economy. There's a type of economic background simulation but it's all faked.
I think its in the mid 80s
Explain how its faked? Are you serious? There are literally no factors effecting the economy outside of a minor price modifier for volume moved. One real basic example: An industrial station's production should drop significantly when not properly supplied, and prices should change accordingly. That doesn't happen. Don't even get me started on the fake NPCs that despawn and don't actually move cargo. Go play X3 for a while and then come back and tell me the ED economy isnt faked.
The *only* supply/demand model is minor price fluctuation based on units moved. That's it. It's shit simple. If you blockade a production station, that station's production should tank when not receiving proper shippments of required material. Things like food prices should skyrocket based on the population of the station. *None* of that happens. &gt; It's called instancing. If you really think this game ever said or ever planned to have everything on one huge megaserver, that's just misguided. It's literally impossible to have the in-depth flight model that Elite has paired with everything on one megaserver. No, it's called FD wanted to save server costs by using a P2P network system instead of a proper server-authoritative system.
This is known ~~fuckup~~ bug that's existed since god-knows-when.
What the other guy said.
&gt; The PC modding sales are, not quite irrelevant, but a very minor portion of their revenue. No idea what it is now, but they mentioned something on the bethesda forums a month or two after release that something like 40% of Skyrim sales were on PC. As I type this Skyrim is #11 on Steam's most played.
Yuup. Hopefully CIG meant it when they said they're re-doing the flight controls.
No, most aircraft are still mechanically linked.
&gt; I think you're the one misunderstanding the context of the quote. It was an attempt to explain to PC owners why the game came out on consoles. It was in response to people shitting all over CDPR for downgrading the game for consoles. &gt; Frankly, if they'd made it a PC exclusive and targeted a much higher hardware base many of you would struggle to run it. A 970 is about the minimum for 60fps now, how would you feel about needing a 980ti to run it at that? Star Citizen is doing just fine considering its hardware requirements. But on the topic of TW3, did you consider how much power they had to sacrifice from the rendering engine so that the streaming system could keep up with under-powered console CPUs? On PC you wouldn't have to make that compromise, allowing you to maintain higher framerates with a faster streaming engine. You don't need individual sales numbers -just total revenue. Big publishers are publicly traded, and you can value companies like Valve. Market analytic exist. You don't like the $25 billion number? That's interesting.. I've been reading that number for about 5 years now, though earlier predictions didn't think the industry would hit it until 2017 or 2019. The PC gaming industry is set to exceed it by 2016. But don't take my word for it, just do some Googling and you can find numerous sources all valuating the PC market at around 25 billion for 2015, give or take a couple billion depending on the estimate. Hardware sales are much easier to verify. You know where consoles are big? North America, parts of Europe, and Japan. Maybe Australia but I haven't looked at sales data for AUS. You know where they're not big? Everywhere else. Russia, China, and Korea are MASSIVE PC gaming markets. &gt; The fact that publishers fall over themselves to put out games for the Xbox One and PS4, while barely mentioning the PC, speaks volumes about the true figures. BIG publishers do. They do so because selling 2 million units is considered a failure, and they've now tailored their business model to annual releases. It's no coincidence that the decline of mod support and dedicated servers coincided with annual release cycles. But don't try and tell me that 6 million units of a game sold on PC "doesn't matter". That's complete bullshit. That's a huge chunk of revenue.. and for games like Skyrim, I'd argue that's probably the majority of it. I'm not saying the console market is worthless.. in total dollar value (combined) it only lags behind the PC market by a few billion. But it does lag behind, and it's continuing to fall behind.
[Take it for what you will](http://www.thegamersblog.com/understanding-the-numbers-pc-vs-console-sales-figures/)
I run a 780 with 3 gigs of VRAM. Use 4k textures. Works fine. RAM speed is arguably more important than RAM amount.
To expand a bit on how Skyrim memory management works: The application is 32-bit, full stop. That means Skyrim is limited to 32-bit memory address space, which means on a 64-bit system you can use a full 4GB of RAM, but no more (actually only 3, since the upper 1GB is reserved for OS space on a 32-bit process -this is true for both 32-bit and 64-bit OS's.). For the program that ~~*includes system RAM and video RAM*. They're addressed from the same pool~~ Not actually sure about that.. virtual memory addressing is weird and partially hardware controlled. Regardless, the program can't use more than 3GB of memory. The memory problems Skyrim encountered before Shesson's memory patch have to do with how the engine allocates RAM, not necessarily physical RAM limitations in itself (basically, the engine fucked up calls for more RAM causing a hard crash. The memory patch forces Skyrim to allocate more memory on load, significantly reducing or eliminating the messy calls for more RAM). ENB is capable of using memory in additional to the memory allocated from Skyrim. This is what's responsible for chewing up RAM/VRAM in addition to the 4GB Skyrim uses. So ENB effects aren't chewing into the program's main memory pool. The 6GB total in use makes sense with the memory patch + demanding ENB. An SSD will make a difference in load speed only, particularly when the program has to swap pages out of virtual memory and into system or video memory. A video card with faster RAM will be able to stream textures in and out of VRAM faster which will also lead to smooth performance. In my experience, scripts are the things that are going to fuck up your game more than high textures. Textures will just hurt performance (up to a point.. obviously, forcing the game to load more textures into memory than your system can handle will cause problems.. but again with the memory patch this usually manifests itself in extreme slowdowns more than crashes. Hence why I'd claim faster VRAM is more beneficial).
No, the actual game exec.
I agree completely with this. It's not the long development so much that makes me annoyed (though like I said in another thread, as much as some like to think otherwise, gamers don't have infinite patience), it's the constant blowing past release dates by numerous orders of magnitude. I mean it's seriously becoming a joke within the community at this point. That *is not* a good thing.
5 years.
Yes.
&gt; If it was grumphy europeans and **canadians** Last time the temperature dropped below zero was about a month ago. Can confirm no longer grumpy Canadian.
&gt; That's optional though, you can fly more WW2 aim your ship to shoot style too. Sure, you *can*, just like you can fly totally with a keyboard only if you want to. I also wouldn't call "WWII"-style "aim your ship" style. WWII-style refers to a model of flight physics, the later refers to a model of flight control. You can get rid of the Freelancer-style whack-a-mole-point-and-click gameplay without reverting to WWII flying.
&gt; "it's pre pre pre alpha it will change I made that point in another thread as well. The whole "hey guys it's just pre-alpha it will change!" is a dangerous attitude, especially when -as alpha testers- it's our job to comment on gameplay and mechanical issues in the game *before* they get to a state they *can't* change.
&gt; "it's pre pre pre alpha it will change I made that point in another thread as well. The whole "hey guys it's just pre-alpha it will change!" is a dangerous attitude, especially when -as alpha testers- it's our job to comment on gameplay and mechanical issues in the game *before* they get to a state they *can't* change.
&gt; However, it would actually make it more like WW2 since gimbaled weapons for pilots weren't really common in WW2. What? No, it wouldn't. The only similarity is that your ship has to be oriented the direction you're shooting. That's it. Having fixed weapons doesn't magically change the flight physics.
&gt; It doesn't, but fixed weapons on fighters in fighters is WW2 in space. No, it isn't. WWII in space refers to roll-dominant manoeuvring and emphasis on energy tactics rather than 6DoF maneuvering. &gt; Most people playing AC probably are using the more helicopter/Freelancer style aiming That statement makes me think you've never played either a helo sim or Freelancer, since neither of them are remotely alike. &gt; I'm not entirely sure what your point is though, That's obvious. &gt; The flight physics are independent of what guns CIG decides to offer Oh hey look, there's my point. Every time I mention changing the guns you keep saying it's magically going to change the flight physics to WWII in space. &gt; Fixed weapons = more like WW2 fighters Fixing the guns has absolutely **zero** to do with how the ships manoeuvre. &gt; Nerfed yaw = also more like WW2 and would be kind of like atmospheric flight. And once again, I haven't said *a single damned thing* about nerfing yaw, have I? Why do you keep brining that up?
&gt; I think you're just wanting to argue now, but helicopters have gimbaled weapons. ... and play nothing like AC. CIG also said AC doesn't play like Freelancer, which is categorically incorrect. &gt; Guess what, they're not nerfing yaw. Never been mentioned. Kick and scream to CIG cause it has nothing to do with me. That's assuming that's even what you want as I don't even know what you want other than to argue. You get what you get. Again with the nerfed yaw. Find me ONE QUOTE where I mentioned ANYTHING about nerfed yaw. Seriously. You're arguing a point *I never made*. &gt; Who cares if someone played a 'helo sim'. The only game REMOTELY like SC isn't a 'helo sim'. Why does someone saying the word "helicopter" when referencing NON-fixed weapons make you go on a 1up, you didn't play this type of sim rant? Bizarre logic, god damn. Because it's an irrelevant comparison. AC plays nothing like any helo game at all. Not even close. "Oh it has gimbal weapons that makes it like a helo-in-space-sim" is as stupid as "fixed weapons make it like a WWII-in-space-sim". You're using ridiculous comparisons to make counters to arguments I never even made.
Freelancer was an arcade game though, through and through. It was a 3rd person arcade shooter that happened to take place in space. Not saying it was a bad game or anything, I very much enjoyed it. But it was not a space combat sim.
&gt; You attempted to change it to some sort of flight debate, I don't care. No, [you did that](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/39a1wb/can_someone_explain_the_ac_is_too_arcadey_thing/cs1tgwv). I never mentioned anything about yaw in space.
WWII-in-space refers to a very specific type of gameplay in space combat sims. You brought it up. You just decided to arbitrarily change the definition to suit your argument.
Modern missiles are significantly more difficult to use than any missile in AC. Furthermore in real life your objective is to unbalance the equation as much as you can in your favor, owing to the whole permadeath factor without restarts. "Its like that in real life" should in no way be used as an excuse for balance in an arena game.
And the AIM-120 AMRAAM requires changing radar modes and maintaining target lock as long as possible before switching the missile over to internal guidance.
Last time i checked it wasn't in AC.
See the followup post I made to /u/BoringGuy I have no issues with missiles. I love ordinance. I have issues with missiles that are over-effective, take no skill to use, and have few effective counters. Like the current missiles in AC.
Dude, you're comparing a $35 incomplete alpha to a $75 **released game.**
Don't know why you'd be downvoted. You're right.
Read the followup post. I went into it in detail using FS2 as an illustration. There's *a lot* you can do with missiles without making them a FAF "I win" button. Powerful missiles should be one of the most difficult weapons to use well -not a crutch for players who can't hit shit with their guns.
Ba-zing!
Thanks!
I tell new stick users to expect 10 hours or so to get comfortable with using a stick, and 3 times that to start to get any level of parity with one. Practice, and more practice. New stick users often have issues with over-correcting. Be gentle on the stick. If you have a death grip on it you're going to over-correct *a lot* and have very jerky movements. I'm a fan of high stick sensitivity combined with gentle, smooth movements for best results. Like /u/95688it said.. don't expect to be pro with a stick quickly. EDIT: Just to add, based on my experience, you *will* fly better with a stick + pedals than with a twist stick. It's far too easy to get axis bleed on a twist stick.
I run a GTX 780 Gighertz edition (3GB vRAM) and mostly 2k and 4k texture mods, with RealVision ENB. Get around 45 FPS outdoor and 55-60 indoor. Running 1680x1050, so a little less than 1080p.
Depends on what you want. Many people consider Morrowind to be the best of the TES series, but it's a lot more complex than Skyrim (both mechanically and gameplay), and uses more of a cRPG mechanic for combat than the action-based system of Oblivion and Skyrim. If you don't understand how Morrowind's mechanics work you'll likely find it frustrating. Both Oblivion and Morrowind have their flaws. IMO Oblivion is the most charming of the 3, but I really like the classic European fantasy environments. Morrowind feels the most like another world. It's the only one of the 3 where I *really* felt like I was in a strange place. Oblivion has some truly memorable quests. Daggerfall is fun for a nostalgia trip.
True.. but we'd also have quantum encryption at that point.
He's right. There's no such thing as unbreakable encryption. The idea is to make it unbreakable in any kind of practical amount of time. Without any other information or context, knowing if they meant figuring out an easy passphrase, circumventing the MS Word password protection on Mr. NSA McUnderling's grocery list they were composing on work time, or managed to get their hands on the keyfiles... who knows. If we're talking about properly protected files using a properly implemented encryption scheme, I find it highly unlikely the encryption has been broken. IMO (opinion, not basing this on anything) it's more likely they got their hands on the keyfiles and they manged to match those up properly, thus "breaking" the encryption. Either that or they exploited a vulnerability in the encryption implementation (note: that's separate from the encryption algorithm). (As a completely unrelated aside, a lot of people seem to be assuming that because an algorithm *can* take 20 billion years to crack, it *will* take 20 billion years to crack. A weak key can shave that down significantly. A tangentially related example for illustration, just effing around on my own computer, my NTLM hash would take 16 million years to brute-force every possible combination. I cracked it in 35 minutes because of the weak key).
True. They're one exception. I've never seen one used for information security in what I'd consider a "normal" environment. Not saying they aren't, but like you said, they're not overly practical.
Except your statement is technically wrong. I probably would have left it alone but you were pretty hostile with your response. There's also other ways of breaking and/or circumventing an encryption system that don't involve cracking or brute-forcing the algorithm itself. And they don't necessarily have anything to do with the cryptographer (or even the people that implemented the encryption scheme).
&gt; And who said vanilla skyrim isnt amazing Hell, I'll say it isn't amazing. Barely managed 20 hours in vanilla before I started modding it. And other than some texture mods, none of the first bunch I added were graphics.
Quick background, I'm a hobbyist writer and decided to try and use Skyrim to create portraits of my MCs for my current work (because I have zero artistic talent myself). I'm more than satisfied with the results. (Albums may be slightly NSFW.) Original, unedited [pictures are here](http://imgur.com/a/EXIdE). Most were made with Paint.NET. It's a very simple application of the Ink Sketch filter. I messed with the 'Ink Outline' and 'Colouring' settings on a per-image basis. For images that were either too dark or too light I also adjusted the luminosity and/or RGB curves. Sometimes I used the 'Cartoon' filter in GIMP if I couldn't get a result I liked with Paint.NET. Produces a bit of a different result, sometimes it looks better. As I get more familiar with Poser and importing my characters as NPCs I'm going to try and do specific scenes from my writing involving several characters. Just for fun more than anything else.
&gt; I guess it's less of an issue for PC users, with console command fixes etc. It's literally no issue. There's no such thing as "save slots" on PC games unless they're a shitty console port. There's 46 Skyrim saves in my saved game folder right now. Having said that, do you have any way to move data around on an XB? Like, can you archive your old savegames? Otherwise I'd just overwrite your oldest and work your way up. FIFO principle, etc. Maybe have 1 or 2 "Gold" saves that you overwrite every now and then after you've been playing for a while without bugs.
Then WTF is the OP on about?
Very nice. Love the colour tones.
No prob. Happy modding!
Fantasy, not related to Skyrim at all. I'm not sure what subset of fantasy I'd class it as. A little more gritty than typical high fantasy (but not dark fantasy), with some elements that border on what might be considered very early steampunk (pre-victorian.. think more high medieval with more advanced alchemy and metallurgy). I'm going to some lengths to create concrete frameworks for the abilities of my MCs (magic use and a type of martial arts) so I have hard limitations on what my characters can and cannot accomplish. So in that sense I'm trying to ground the fantasy in hard limitations, instead the, er "magic" magic that can -and often is- used as an annoying deus ex machina.
You might try some of the other X-Fire rendering modes in the CCC, such as AFR. Some games I had tons of issues with in certain X-Fire modes.
&gt; That's fucking outrageous regardless of the context. Why not $5 or something more reasonable? Because it works. People are funding at that level. Furthermore, Star Citizen is hardly the first or only crowdfunded project to have pledge levels that high. Why does it get singled out for it? Right now you can get the full game [on release] for $45.
Big fan of Oblivion. In some ways I like it more than Skyrim. Started the TES series with Morrowind myself.
Processor is probably where you're bottlenecking the most. Skyrim is heavily CPU bound. RAM or Video Card for a performance boost in Skyrim really depends on what kind of mods you're running. If you're doing a lot of graphical mods and/or running ENB, you'll definitely see a boost from a GPU.. in consistency if not outright performance anyway. Skyrim is only a 32-bit app, so while overall your computer will benefit from more RAM Skyrim itself may not. OTOH more RAM never hurt, especially if you're running things in the background. Which, on to another point, with only 4 gigs of RAM you'll want to kill as many background applications as you can. So my recommendations For only Skyrim - CPU/Mobo, GPU, RAM. For all purposes - RAM, CPU, GPU.
I recently fully modded Morrowind and started a new playthrough. Haven't got very far yet, but amazed how good the game holds up after all these years.
&gt; been doing a play through as ~~Big Boss~~ Snake Plissken FTFY
This is exactly why the pro-joystick crowd has become louder and louder, sometimes to the point of annoyance to many other backers. Calm, quiet, and reasoned feedback wasn't getting anywhere. After *a year* of making increasing amounts of noise on the issue we *finally* have an official response. Being quiet because "CIG is still working on it", "it's going to change", "&lt;insert other argument&gt;" wasn't getting anywhere.
Yup, with ya 100% on that.
Indeed, I'd really love for someone to explain the decision behind gimbaled weapons. In VERY early alpha the reasoning we got (in 0.8, when auto-aim was a thing) was because it was too hard to hit anything with fixed guns. I believe it for back then when ships handled 1000x worse than they do now. But that excuse doesn't hold anymore.
There were no fixed guns in 0.8.
On this note, I did some back-of-the-envelope math based on things CIG has said.. it would take over 2 months of pure $$ transactions to grab a ship that can be acquired in less than 30 hours of gameplay.
Looks like a contrary opinion here. Unless there's a medical, safety or *severe* behavioural issue involved, I'm vehemently against clipping. *Everything* about a bird is built for flight. Their bone structure, muscle structure, respiratory system, everything. Clipping them to make them more tame, IMO, is akin to muzzling a dog because it barks too much. Yes, clipped birds are generally more dossile... but before making the decision to clip for that reason consider the animal psychology at play there. As an aside, both my two became less aggressive toward each other once their flight feathers grew back in. That's because they can escape at will if they feel threatened or don't want to interact. They can also interact with me by their own choice, or bugger off to do their own thing. I've noticed a change in the behaviour of my birds once they got their flight feathers back. Yea, they're more outgoing, more curious, and many times more annoying.. but they're also much more fun to interact with, friendlier, and don't startle as easily. I'll also point out that the only injury requiring vet care either of my birds has had was a direct result of being clipped. Anyways, just my $0.02.
That's a sexy beast.
Are you using any other CH gear, or are you mixing different types?
No. LTI was specifically an early backer reward. Enough people whined and bitched about it to get CIG to forward it to every new concept regardless, and people are already pushing CIG to give it blanket to all backers. It's an early backer reward. Full stop.
I'm assuming you're using the control manager to calibrate and config the pedals. For some reason sometimes the control order in SC gets messed up. You might have to check your axis assignments each time you ruin the game if you're using multiple devices. Another problem I've encountered in SC is that, if whatever throttle you're using doesn't sit perfectly idle, when you do your control mapping in the game the throttle input axis will override whatever other control axis you're trying to assign (or any other controller, for that matter). Can also be a problem with twist sticks since the twist axis rarely centres perfectly. Have you tried assigning the pedals in SC without any other control devices plugged in?
Yes.. they should be mapped in game. How were you trying to map them?
Until she doesn't.
I don't get why he's being downvoted. He's kind of right. We've had several months of one of the most broken states AC has ever been in, with nothing new to chew on. If you've already participated in previous "fly all" weeks and aren't interested in bughunting there's really nothing here to be excited about.
Maybe if the majority hadn't tried to continually silence the people criticizing controller balance *for the last fucking year* they wouldn't be making so much noise about it now.
&gt; donated I didn't donate to shit. Backing a crowdfunded project is **not** a donation.
&gt; pre-pre-pre-pre alpha No, it isn't. It's alpha. WTF does "pre-pre-pre-pre alpha" even mean.
SC isn't even released yet. When it is it will be criticized as a released title, as it should be.
Yea that should do it. You don't get any odd behaviour with the axis in the control manager?
Hmm. I'm out of ideas. Never had an issue getting the axis to map myself. Maybe try /r/hotas or the Joystick thread in the Hardware section of the RSI forum. Lots of people with CH gear in there.
Who's asking them to fix every issue with it? Getting a little hyperbolic there.
So it's unreasonable for people to want a small patch done after what.. 3 months.. to make the game playable?
I'm assuming that's the 2015 version of Warzones?
Except with the direction it faces, I think I'd [be waking up to it](http://i.imgur.com/zyKc4UQ.png) if I worked night shift.
A few things if I remember correctly: * The UI was complete shit. Like, so shitty that a modder re-did it within 30 days of launch. Which is even more pathetic when you consider that the mod just changed XML files, leading many to believe Bethesda didn't even bother trying to make a good UI for PC. They just ported the console one and said fuck it. There's a reason SkyUI is *still* one of the most popular Skyrim mods. * Controller was enabled by default, and like almost all console ports with controller enabled it adds a ridiculous amount of mouse filtering and mouse acceleration. This made it almost unplayable. Yea, simple to disable in the menus, but.. that brings me to my next point: * Combined with the shit UI the mouse was almost unusable in the menus. It functioned almost as a "two stage" menu system where you had to click to select the option first, then click again to actually do it. And you had to *unselect* the option before you selected on something else. Half the time the mouse didn't even respond properly in the menus. These problems are still present in Skyrim, though they're significantly reduced over what they were on launch. Likewise, it feels like Bethesda didn't even bother testing with mouse control or took the "well they should be using a controller, otherwise fuck'em" attitude. * I can't remember what exactly but I remember having to do .ini tweaks to make KBM controls respond well. The entire game was set up assuming you were using a controller and mouse control was painful. I don't know how many of those have been fixed or not since it's been a *very* long time since I've done a vanilla Skyrim install. Basically though after Skyrim (for more reasons than I highlighted above) and after the Fallout 3 launcher DRM shit I sure as hell won't be installing Fallout 4 on launch. Skyrim worked for the most part. I'd say it was no more or less buggy than the previous 2 TES games.. but let's be honest, being less buggy than those wasn't exactly setting a high goal. IMO Skyrim had more severe technical/design issues than some of its bugs. I think Fallout 3 is a much better "vanilla" game in most respects.
I almost expected a Cliffracer in that picture... *shudders*
Depends what kinds of mods you're looking at doing. A laptop is going to limit you severely in terms of graphic or script mods. Good gaming laptops are pricey (like.. in excess of $800). If you're getting a laptop and intend to game on it, I'm *never* a fan of going cheap. It becomes outdated so fast it's just not worth it. A PC you can swap out parts as needed but as soon as something becomes obsolete in a laptop you're SOL for gaming without severe compromises. You can spend $1,000 on a good laptop and get 5 or 6 years out of it IMO that's a good return. You're not going to be gaming for even half that on a $400 laptop. Furthermore if you are going for a laptop it will be far more important to carefully manage your mods. So don't go crazy just adding crap for the hell of it.
That's fine, except it makes two assumptions: First, that the attacker is completely external to the computer/infrastructure, and second that the attacker does not have physical access to the computer or infrastructure. The biggest security breaches come from insiders or insiders working in collusion with outsiders. Those are incredibly difficult threats to protect against when dealing with information that you have to have readily available. A security solution doesn't work if *nobody* can access the data. Nor does it work if you can't ensure the integrity of that data (very hard to do in a large infrastructure if your computer isn't connected to anything). There's a common principle in IT security called the '[CIA Triangle](http://core0.staticworld.net/images/idge/imported/article/nww/2008/07/01fig02-100278455-orig.jpg)' - Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability. A good security model has to be able to provide all three.
It was a new build, I had no baseline to compare it to. It was already blazing faster than the one I had before it. Noticed it was underclocked when I upped it from 8GB to 16GB a year later. BIOS default was 1333, should have been set to 1666.
&gt; Especially TR:Anniversary was so damn good. IMO Anniversary, Legend, and Underworld are the best of the series.
It was good for what it was, but it didn't feel like a Tomb Raider game at all.
Probably, but it doesn't make much sense. Tomb Raider has been around a hell of a lot longer with it's own style of gameplay, and it never had an issue being successful. Lara Croft is probably THE most recognizable video game character outside of Nintendo franchises. The few TR games that didn't do well didn't do well because they were shit games.. not because the formula was stale.
That actually doesn't give me hope. The Creation engine is a further developement of Gamebryo. They really need to do some serious overhauls to it. Hopefully FO4 does that.
I've brought this up numerous times.. Freelancer was 49 systems, total. Nobody complained about it not being enough.
&gt; we don't exactly have galaxy wide sensors that tell us where the enemy is so we have to get to him before he jumps to a more heavily defended system. Actually, according to the fiction, fleet manoeuvring and positioning does factor into SC lore. &gt; Targets getting out of radar or fuel range isn't going to be a consideration Yes, it is. Fuel will be an issue in SC, as will the capability of sensor suites. You can't judge SC gameplay on the current state of Arena Commander alone.
Pretty typical of my experience in ED as well. Also sucks when you're NPC farming in a loadout designed for PvE and get ganked by players. Funny enough, pretty much the *only* thing I do in open play is trading :/
Why not? "Program Files" is where the thing belongs, nothing wrong with putting.. you know... program files in the program files directory. Games that install to the root piss me off even more. Some games actually encounter problems if they're not installed to the default directory (I'm looking at you, Star Craft II). Not everyone is an anal-retentive technotard with 4 hard drives separated by purpose with a filing system that would put the KGB to shame. It's far more important having the *user* files like configs and save games go to the proper place.
I haven't spent much time in ED in the last little while.. I watched an overview of PP this weekend and was excited to get involved in that, as I gave up on the grind for new ships. I then realised how limited PP is for someone who can only play a few hours a week. Was kind of disappointed.
Missiles in SC are known to be broken, and they're known to currently be bugged (or at least the CS missiles). The signature system isn't even fully implemented yet and armour is a simple damage reduction. They haven't even attempted balancing on them yet. In SP there's a known bug that causes missiles to teleport from the AI ship to the player's face. And you're seriously trying use it as an example about how "balancing is hard"? Like, really?
&gt; There's direct, wing, and local cha That works 30% of the time, if you're lucky.
My system running an AMD K6-2 and Radeon VE still runs. It has Windows 98 on it. Won't run XP, the NT kernel has issues with the PCI bridge in the VIA KT-133A chipset, specifically when running certain PCI sound cards. Took me forever to diagnose that one. Otherwise I don't think any build I've done has lived more than 4 years without upgrading something.
Dude, why did you even create this thread? You created the thread using ridiculously general ship classifications, asked for corrections, and *argued with everyone who provided different opinions*. Furthermore with an arguments basically consist of "No, you're wrong" rather than actual reasoned counter points. Sounds to me like your opinion was already well decided before you posted the OP.
I wish they'd slow down on the concept sales a bit. I know, zero reason too. The shameless monetization is just starting to bug me for some reason.
&gt; All you have proven is that you guys cant release anything in the timeframes you set yourselves. I'll expect the FPS post next week or the week after. &gt; But you know..... Don't rush it. Ouch. Edit: This is a comment from the thread, for those that didn't bother to read it.
&gt; 23 million was all they needed to show a publisher that the game had sufficient interest to then be funded by a publisher for the rest of development process No. ~~$500,000~~$2 million is the amount they needed to show *private investors* that there was interest for this game. $21 million is what was needed to develop it. $23 million is what was required to cover the associated costs (like KS costs). A publisher never factored into it.
There was *one* early piece of concept art that had it on that side.
I use a full CH setup. Works amazing for SC.
&gt; Supreme Commander was very much different from SC and did really well for a new franchise. Part of the reason it did really well was because of its heritage in Total Annihilation, which many people still consider to be the best RTS ever made. SupCom plays a lot like TA. So while it's "technically" a new franchise, it's a new franchise in the same way Bioshock 1 was.
Adding more to this. These guys aren't joking when they say the game can be slow paced. You can make a "normal" sized map (one solar system -max is 3) go on for 7 or 8 hours if you want. If you have the time to dedicate to it Sins is one of the best RTS games out there.
Pretty sure this post violates rule #5.
Which in no way whatsoever contradicts anything i said.
Honestly, at that point, just do bulletin board missions. They'll pay almost as much and you'll be able to knock them off a lot faster.
&gt; I'm trying not to get sucked into subreddit drama, but I don't like to see how divided this community is getting. If you think it's just getting to that state now, you've been living under a rock. This community has been full of the "if your lips aren't 100% firmly pressed against CR's ass, you're 100% against CIG and Star Citizen" crowd for a very long time. I remember making comments to this effect over a year ago. Just go back and review some of the more critical discussions on CIG and/or Star Citizen going back over a year.. criticism in this sub is traditionally *heavily* downvoted. The difference now is the number of people who are vocally critical of CIG, the ones who don't take the "everyone just wait, it will all be fine" approach are increasing in number and becoming more vocal. This community has stifled objective criticism of CIG for far too long. It has this impression that complete disagreement with a decision CIG makes is akin to lack of support of CIG. That attitude is fucking stupid beyond words. I'll completely agree that some people turn it up to "11" far too quickly. But honestly I'm glad to see comments where people going "WTF CIG?" and not immediately see a "-50" next to the name. The same Reddiquette applies to any post... if it's on topic and contributes, don't downvote it. If someone posts a shit post, downvote it. If someone posts a shit inflammatory rant, report it and let the mods deal with it. Don't downvote something just because you don't agree with it. I love the guys and gals at CIG. I love what they're trying to accomplish, and I love the passion they radiate when they discuss what they're doing. But they're *not fucking infallible*, and they're not exempt from objective criticism (or even well argued subjective criticism). It's time the hivemind that exists on this sub stopped pretending they are.
&gt; It's kind of annoying the constant calls for calm when people are pretty chill to begin with... Seriously. This sub is probably the most laid back game-related subbreddit I've been on.
What do you consider "well paying"? IIRC most cargo runs you can do in a sidey should pay around 2-3k.
Uh, no, that's not it at all.
Ben blatantly said the reason they have to keep pushing concept sales. I have no idea what you're trying to argue. Here: &gt; . and to be perfectly honest, at the end of the day we have to keep bringing in some amount of revenue to operate the way we are right now. That's not because we haven't raised a heck of a lot of money... but there are a number of fairly dull business reasons why it has to continue in some way (the largest has to do with, per my understanding, credit He says right there it has zero to do with the amount of money they've raised. If they've properly managed the project, their "safety blanket" should well be factored into the $86 million they already have.
You're confusing money they've raised with what they're treating as an ongoing revenue stream. CIG, at least partially, is treating continued crowdfunding as a business revenue stream. That's dangerous, and is one of the main reasons crowdfunded projects (especially games) fail. I don't want to imply SC is in danger of failing. It has more than enough $$$ to succeed. But like I said in another comment, CIG is making a revenue stream that they *depend on* based on selling *concepts*, without delivering a product. That should at the very least raise some eyebrows. Perhaps put another way -they're no longer dependent on meeting their funding goals, they're now dependent on a *continued revenue stream* without having delivered a product.
LOL
My Mom's dead, asshole.
I love bacon but hate cheesecake. I'm not sure if this combination would take something I love and make me hate it, or take something I hate and make me love it. I do love bacon flavoured jam though. That's awesome.
Those bastards.
I wouldn't count on getting 10k missions until you get into your second ship. And yea, the RNG can be a real bitch at times.
I hardly got 20 hours in vanilla Skyrim. I put over 80 into TW3 in less than a week.
Reminds about how Thomas Andrews, the lead naval architect on the Titanic, wanted the *Olympic* liners built with a double hull, but it was deemed "too expensive".
It annoys me when people refer to Freelancer as a space sim. It's not. It's a 3rd person arcade shooter that happens to take place in space. It's a very good game for what it is, I thoroughly enjoyed Freelancer. But it's *not* a space combat sim. Numerous times early in SC's development we were assured by CIG that they were *not* going for Freelancer-style gameplay. We've all seen how that turned out. Frankly, I think they targeted this game at the traditional space combat sim audience... and have steadily been making it "more accessible" as the money started rolling in. And they're so surrounded in a "CIG can do no wrong" echochamber they have zero clue just how much they're pissing off a lot of their original backers. Of course another question is: At this point, do they really care? It took them over a year to even comment on the control balance issues. Freelancer-style game will be more financially successful than a traditional space sim, no doubt about that. Most younger gamers have no concept of a space combat sim, given that the last good one was released in 1999 and we haven't really had a really good once since. You can see this in the complete misunderstanding of role-based balancing rather than "+gear" based balancing and obsession with DPS that's vastly more common in today's games. I fully believe the original target was to make an in-depth traditional space combat sim. I just think CIG has changed that now that the game has gained popularity.
&gt; However no one is talking about how great it's performance is on the consoles. Why should anyone be patting a developer on the back for making a game run like it should? I don't go over to car forums and praise the manufacturer when my car starts and runs properly. It's expected. Buying a car or a game, I gave them money with the expectation that I get a product that works as advertised. IMO the only time this is appropriate is when a product truly accomplishes something great, like The Witcher 3. &gt; if there are problems occurring from PCs, why are people more vocal about it, rather than problems on consoles. From a performance perspective, there's no excuse for problems on PC compared to console systems. Not only are the systems more powerful, they're more powerful by such an order of magnitude that a game doesn't even have to be optimized as well as it is on console systems to get better performance. Other issues are simply the result of lazy porting, like the piss-poor console UI (which doesn't work with a mouse), or lack of FOV sliders (generally a requirement on PC). Another issue comes up when it's painfully obvious that graphical features have been disabled just so the PC version of the game has parity with the console versions. Watch_Dogs for example -when the technologically more demanding features were re-enabled, the performance of the game actually *increased* for a great many PC players. Give me a legitimate reason that bullshit occurs that isn't the developer/publisher deliberately downgrading the PC version. It's bullshit like that that REALLY pisses off PC gamers. You'll notice PC gamers are less vocal about issues that impact the console versions of the games as well. While the expression "misery loves company" probably applies to some extent, at the very least it's likely an indication that the problems don't exist solely because the game is on a different platform. &gt; Also here's a question why does it really matter how many frames per second does a game go by? Does it make the experience more immersive? Clearly you've never played an twitch-based game on a computer monitor at high refresh rates and high FPS. Playing 60 FPS on a TV doesn't count -TV's draw the screen differently, have lower refresh rates and much higher latency than monitors (and quite frankly if one doesn't understand the difference between monitors and TVs and what motion blur and frame blending are and how they're treated differently on a monitor and a TV, they really won't understand the FPS debate anyway). &gt; Idk I may get hated for this post in general but it seems to me that people are more vocal about problems on PC gaming rather than console gaming so what's up with that? Let me reframe the debate for you so you might understand it better. If nearly every cross-platform game that came out performed like complete shit on a PS4, but worked fine on an XBone, do you think the PS4 community would be quiet about it?
On the contrary, the books add a shitton of context to the games. Especially TW3.
I think this is mine as well. It unseated FreeSpace 2, which has been my favorite since 1999. I can not overstate the love CDPR put into this game. Very obvious if you've read all the books.
&gt; I got this glitch for a while a few months back but it stopped That actually makes me think you may have a faulty DIMM. I'd run memtest86 just to be sure.
Yes. It's a real program that visualizes the file system, and if you actually read the directory names in the movie, it's clearly showing a UNIX directory structure. I love it when people get all smug and "hur hur hur Jurassic Park" with that scene... because it's actually correct.
&gt; for some reason that i don't understand Texture streaming.
When a ship is loaded the entire geometry of the ship is loaded in RAM (including damage models if they exist), and SC doesn't have any LOD implimented. So loading all the ships in the hangar pulls in *a lot* of data.
Not yet.
&gt; In Africa there are places where it is literally illegal to be gay And in the United States, there are places where it's illegal to hold public office unless you're a Christian. Are you going to complain about *that* reality not being represented in Star Citizen?
&gt; If all you had were games with no black people because they are fantasy medieval worlds, that would be something worth pointing out, no? It depends on the context. In the case of TW3, it was clearly projection of the American view of "racism" onto an Eastern European setting (that is, "how can there be racism, there's only *white* people all over the place?). I won't get into how ridiculous it was for a game media outlet to be criticizing TW3 for being "racially insensitive" when they didn't even understand that race issues weren't the same in Eastern Europe as they are in the United States. Same thing applies here. For example, the LGBT political issue doesn't apply everywhere. It's legal here. It's been legal here for a long time. We have a lesbian Premiere. You know how many fucks the people of Canada give? Zero. It generally never comes up. It never comes up in conversation (unless it's a relevant point of the conversation), it never comes up in political discussions. It never comes up anywhere within the Government, either (I know, I work for them). So why the heck would I want it brought up that the Governor of Kantares IV is homosexual when I'm playing the game? It's simply a non-issue in that context. Another token from experienced authors: "If it doesn't move the story, cut it." If it makes sense from a narrative perspective to let the audience know the character's sexual orientation, then do it. If it doesn't, it has zero place in the story. And on Diversity.. it's another word for being politically correct. Diversity has nothing to do with equality or being inclusive. Arguing for diversity in a video game is literally arguing to include something *just because it's there.* From a story perspective that's one of the stupidest things you can do. There's a huge impression in the PC camp that if you're not deliberately including something, that must mean you're automatically against it. It's fucking dumb. Yes, you're right, diversity has become a bad word. You know why? Because it's used to force Affirmative Action agendas. It has become quite literally the opposite of equality. As another poster said.. if LGBT relationships exist in the PU, just like a hetero relationship, it should be more or less transparent to the player *unless it has narrative value*.
I'm already planning on decking my Freelancer out as a gunship.
I wouldn't say that. Merchant raiders and armed merchant cruisers were effective in their roles.
Uh, no. You can very well have a game that's complex and deep without having a learning curve as steep as a cliff. The idea is to have easy to understand and grasp core mechanics, with very deep layers of interactivity. Arena Commander has already achieved this to an extent. It's very easy for most people to pick up and go pewpew, but to be exceptionally good at it takes some work (learning proper vector movement, power management, shield management, etc).
So what you're saying is... a player who's better and dedicates more time to understanding how a game works will destroy a player who doesn't? The only way to solve that is to make the game mechanics so shit simple it turns into a point-and-click whack-a-mole game. There's nothing wrong with low barrier to enter with a high skill ceiling.
This. So much this. Along with games that attempt to make themselves more difficult by simply not letting you save as much. In many games the frequency of savepoints decreases as the game progresses simply to make it "more difficult". That doesn't make a game more difficult. It makes it more tedious. Lack of quicksave also discourages me from exploring or experimenting. 'Oh, there's a fight up ahead'? Well, I could try tackling it a different way, or I can do it the way I know will pretty much work because I don't feel like repeating the last 10 minutes of the game if it fails. "Save scumming" -especially in open world games- can easily be avoided by delaying the consequences of the player actions. The entire Witcher series is a perfect example of this.
Except for the whole being co-ordinated in a side slip and destroying your aerodynamic profile in a forward slip.
I liked the idea of powerplay. Then started resenting it when I realised that, as a player without a significant cash reserve, it was still pretty useless for me. It's basically "end game content" if you will. Desperately needed, don't get me wrong there, but does absolutely nothing to address one of the core, often repeated complaints of E:D -the game is a ridiculous grind with no point but to grind. Though now you *have* to do it if you want to enjoy PP.
Play SQ 42 with your friends then. Apparently co-op will be possible.
Save maybe the Hull series, I've felt most of their ships have been overpriced since the 890 Jump.
How much have other major AAA studios shown after 3 years of development (and SC has only been in development for 2)? Most AAA games aren't even announced until there's less than 12 months to release.
The quick googleology I did basically agrees with your numbers.. with the following caveat: Established studio with an established engine. For one random example, the original demo of Bioshock was presented in 2004. The game was released in 2007. Guild Wars was *announced* in 2003 and released in 2005. Skyrim started development some time in 2007 or 2008, and was released at the end of 2011. And that was with an established studio on an engine they were *very* familiar with. So 2-3 or even 4 years max is definitely not the rule. It might be more common (because publishers want returns on high $$ investments), but that short release is driven by a business need.
I wouldn't mind thousand-strong missile salvos either.
As /u/Guy_Hero said, it's dithering, a way of rendering shadows and transparency and is a result of TW2 using certain features of DX9. No way to fix it. You can reduce how noticeable it is by increasing the resolution and/or downsampling.
I've tried about every free video editor out there.. they all suck ass. Seriously. Windows Movie Maker is ok for very basic stuff, but anything more than that (and if you're anything but 16:9 or 4:3) it sucks. Lightworks may still have a free version, it's decent but puts some significant limitations on the free version (IIRC still limited to 16:9 and no more than 720p)
Camera controls are on the top-right of the screen. Easiest way to go to different places is to hit the 'M' key to bring up the map.
Thanks, I was wondering what that shortcut was.
What are your system specs? Is there anything in the Windows application logs?
&gt; No, sorry, try again. They've hardly added anything since the Kickstarter that wasn't already in a comparable state before the Kickstarter. Whaaaaat? We didn't even have a playable slice when the crowdfunding campaign ended. &gt; Go back and look at the assets they presented years ago and compare it to now. They're over 4 years into development now, and a staggering majority of the game-as-is was produced before the Kickstarter ended [This has to be a joke](http://s845.photobucket.com/user/max274/media/StarCitizen2014-01-1519-37-28-76.png.html). [Did you even bother doing any research?](http://i.imgur.com/F1ohQVf.jpg). So far all but ONE of the ships have been completely re-done. [Original Connie](https://star-citizen.wiki/images/9/92/Constellation_after_VD.jpg). [Current Connie](http://imgur.com/a/wWAZW). They're also not 4 years in development. They just passed 3. And they still have well known people working for them. Take a look at CIG's roster. &gt; That's the part I don't understand. In the last 2.5 years the only new content I've seen is some mocap and decal improvements Then you haven't bothered looking. Like.. at all. &gt; , a bunch of marketing funds spent on fake commercials for fake spaceships, Wrong again. Notice how we haven't seen any new ship commercials in over a year? Know why? Because the purpose of the ship commercials was for Foundry 42 to practice making in-engine cut-scenes. They've been spending the last year working on SQ42 instead. The commercials were never funded by a marketing budget. &gt; and some truly terrible casting choices for their voice acting talent. I honestly have nothing to say to that. They don't have a single shitty actor in their casting lineup. &gt; And the most compelling part of the entire game - the fact that it was both space sim and FPS, which was the only thing separating it from other games like Elite: Dangerous, and was a major factor in investors choosing to invest in the game in the first place, has been cancelled indefinitely. No, it hasn't. [Alpha 2.0 actually fully integrates spaceflight with FPS](https://youtu.be/j6SUDiq1ZMM?t=388), and the FPS arenas are still in development. They were moved behind PU development instead of ahead of it. &gt; Tell me again about how much progress they've supposedly made [A lot](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/project-status). But that would require you to actually read some of the development literature or actively participate in the alpha.. two things I'm guessing you haven't done. &gt; OVER ONE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS People seem to forget that CIG didn't start with $100 million. They started with $6 million. Star Citizen was originally scoped and budgeted as a $21 million game, not a $100 million game. &gt; Compare that to GTA4 which costed about the same amount, and was completed and released from scratch in 4 years By an established studio with an established in-house engine (GTA4 wasn't from scratch) and an **initial** budget that exceeded Star Citizen's by 400%. You don't have to like Star Citizen, but you're not even close to correct on a single thing you said.
[Overwatch](http://nraas.wikispaces.com/Overwatch). Cleans up a lot of problems Sims 3 has.
No such thing. It's either TLI - Target Lead Indicator, or PIP - Predicted Impact Point. PIPs by design lag.
&gt; She hired an unauthorized IT person Doesn't matter. Conflict of Interest and/or improper hiring process isn't one of the allegations. &gt; to illegally destroy government records And that's the thing, the Crown will have to prove their case that she knew, at the time, what she was doing was illegal. &gt; were of interest to an ongoing parliamentary committee I should say that my points (likely) mostly pertain to the Mischief and Misuse of a Computer charges. I think she's going to have a very difficult time getting out of the Breach of Trust charge, for the reason you stated there. I think a possible defense there would be to claim she didn't know the emails in question were documents required by the SCJP.
Possibly. The term "breach of trust" is intentionally vague in the Criminal Code.
Yes, but controllers are generally considered the worst of the control input systems for Star Citizen, for a variety of reasons.
&gt; Honestly, using a joystick it maps horizontal controls for (Which would normally be used for rolling) for my yaw, the Z axis for rotating, and then vertical for vertical That's actually the way nearly every space combat sim works, going back to the original Wing Commander and X-Wing games in the early 90's. And it makes a great deal of sense -you want your primary directional controls on your primary axis. In space, that's yaw and pitch, not roll and pitch like an aeroplane. Regardless, like nearly every other game in existence, if you don't like the defaults just re-map them.
I never played sims games before, grabbed both over the Christmas break (sims 4 on origin and sims 3 and a bunch of EPs on steam). I've dropped about 50 hours in Sims 4 so far and about half that in Sims 3. Sims 3 ran pretty crappy on my laptop, and I expected it to run a lot better on my gaming rig. Holy crap was I wrong. My loading times are about 1/3 of what they were on my laptop (about 2-3 minutes for save game load now), but the open world freezing, lack of responsiveness, skipping, and other performance issues remain. I know everyone complained about TS3 performance, but I wasn't expecting it to be *that* bad on a dedicated gaming rig. I was not expecting stuttering every few seconds. It's not enough to make me not play, but it is noticeable. TS4, on the other hand, runs amazing. I have it maxed out (and was doing 2x DSR, but the UI scales like crap) and my average load times are less than 5 seconds. Runs smooth as silk compared to TS3. I'll still play both. Especially with mods both games offer me something different. Despite the overall better graphics of TS4 I actually prefer the art style of TS3, though I think the character models in TS4 are much better. Faces in TS3 look off to me, but I like all the options I have in TS3's CAS. I do like TS3's open world but I don't think if TS4 had it the game would really change that much. I do like the ability in TS4 to have multiple households per map. Once TS4 has some more EPs and once the modding especially starts to get to TS3 levels I'll probably be playing TS3 less. But like I said at the moment they're different enough games that I'm enjoying both.
&gt; players make up 10% of the population and activity you will see, That statement is constantly quoted out of context. It *does not* mean for every player running around, there will be 9 NPCs. What CR meant was that's the population ratio for purposes of the *background simulation*. That is, the system running the economy, mission generation, and stuff like that.
&gt; That background simulation determines what gets loaded into any instance containing players. No, that's the job of the Global Instance Manager. The background simulation is what number crunches the dynamic universe. *That's* the system that operates on the 1:10 ratio.
&gt; . So literally the answer is no The problem is that quote is always taken as literal. The person I replied to said players will make up 10% of the population and activity **you will see**. That's not correct. You're not going to see a 1:10 player/NPC ratio in busy instances. The background simulation is going to operate the universe as if 90% of the population is NPCs. It's not a trivial distinction, considering how the quote is often used to illustrate 'how many NPCs will be running around'.
To give you a non-douche answer, Chris Robert's main issue with console systems is the closed architecture, and specifically Microsoft and Sony's policies around patching, updates, and community interactions. He's stated before that he would **consider** bringing Star Citizen to console systems if MS and Sony would allow CIG to patch and update the game without having to go through ridiculous loops and if they would allow open and cross-platform play between all systems -two things I'd give a snowball's chance in hell of happening. He's also stated he would in no way, shape, or form compromise the PC version of Star Citizen to make it compatible with a console system or the console crowd, from either a technical or mechanical standpoint (this is the source of the oft-quoted "Star Citizen will never be dumbed-down for a lesser platform"). Take this point with the one above and I think chances of ever seeing SC on a console system are slim to none. From a technical standpoint, Roberts believes SC could be made to work on at least the PS4. It's powerful enough to run it, though obviously with nowhere near the fidelity of a PC. No idea about the XB1.
No problem. Luckily for console space sim fans both Elite and No Man's Sky have/will have console versions.
Maybe self evident, but I assume you extracted the archive into your Sims 4 mod folder?
In the meantime you can always look at classic PC space sims like FreeSpace, TIE Fighter, Independence War, etc. All great games from the '90s that will run on pretty much anything these days.
Install origin, buy the game, and run it.
CR clarified it in one of the 104C episodes.
At the moment, performance is crap. There is no other way to put it. However.. that's due to server-side issues with the GIM. A **modern** mid-end gaming rig can run the game Ok, and it hasn't gone through any full optimization passes yet.
Does sims 4 look for mods recursively in the mod directory?
Oh look, someone else who doesn't bother reading *any* of the weekly updates CIG puts out then claims they don't update, and who thinks 100% of game development revolves around front-end playable content.
Falka does this. Annoying as f--k if it's during the day and I have to go out. Usually I try and trick her by distracting her. Rewarding her for going into the cage doesn't work... when I try to give her a treat I usually get a bite in return. At night the solution for me is simple. If she doesn't go in the cage I shut off all the lights except the one near the cage so she flies back to the cage top, then turn off the rest of the lights in the room and leave. I go back 5-10 minutes later and she'll step up and go into the cage without issue. Both my birds are flighted and I pretty much view wing clipping as a last resort, so as long as I have other solutions I won't do that. I should mention that, generally, I can handle Falka without issue (she's VERY highly strung, so I can't really touch her on anything but her own terms, but she's in no way afraid to step up). It's only once she realizes she's going in the cage she becomes a total PITA to get over to it. I think in her bird mind she's associated going in the cage with me leaving, and thinks if she doesn't go in the cage I won't leave. I assume this is the kind of behaviour you're seeing from your GCC. If your bird is leery of your hands all the time that may be another issue altogether.
&gt; I think it gets confusing when you see negative reviews with people having hundreds or even thousands of hours The irony here is that I've seen negative reviews dismissed because someone "only has 40 hours in the game".
&gt; Almost every game that has different levels of equipment require some sort of skill progression/unlocking Good thing Star Citizen doesn't have equipment "levels", +skills, or unlocks. This isn't that type of game.
The Enhanced Edition of the first game is fine. I **highly** recommend playing the entire series. TW1 can be clunky at times and sometimes the translation from Polish is a little odd, but it really is a great game with a great story. TW2 is much shorter, but much less linear. Seriously.. the entire 2/3 after the first chapter can change *completely* depending on the choices you make in chapter 1. TW2 is the game that made me fall in love with the lore and the world (I read all the books through after I started playing TW2). I think I'm on my 4th playthrough of it now. There's also so many little references to things that happen in 1 and 2 in the third game. By not playing 1 and 2 you're really selling yourself short by not playing two of the best RPGs ever made.
[This may answer your question](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/search?q=lag+in+game&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all)
Have you looked at the manual?
I've also noticed the AF in Sims 4 is particularly terrible, and AA isn't anything to brag about either. I was running it at 2x DSR and that improved the look quite a bit but the UI doesn't scale well to non-native resolutions, so I had to put it back. I'll try messing with the control panel settings and see how it improves. IMO the textures could really use some high-res versions. As a funny aside, I read your OP title and thought you were referring to frametime.. and was like "Dude INCREASED a bunch of settings in nVidia to make the game MORE smooth? Whaaa?"
&gt; I'm currently using Movavi.... ^
Not a lot of info provided there. What exactly is happening when they "turn off"?
Automated landing bugs out a shitton right now. Doesn't work half the time. Half the other time I can't properly target the pad I need to or it takes me 30 seconds to cycle through all the landing pads. I have analog thruster control, so manual landings aren't hard at all. BTW even if you're doing manual landings, if you request permission from the pad first when you get close it drops your thrusters to 10% power. So you shouldn't be breaking things off.
Is that still in there? It was in the keybinds prior to 2.0 but I haven't been able to find it since I think 1.1. I used to have that bound.
Better, but still crap.
If you want staying power the Hornet or Super Hornet is probably the best bet. It's not as maneuverable as a Gladius or an interceptor but it packs a punch and can take a beating. Just don't be expecting to take out heavy ships with it. Keep in mind SC is role-based, not +stat or +equipment based.
Your CPU is fine for now. Eventually it will suffer, but that's not what's bottlenecking you. The problems are server side at the moment.
"I do the job, and then I get paid."
It runs fine on my system NOW, aside from the server issues that are screwing EVERYONE.
This is like the 5,000th time this has been posted.
Thanks, I'll take a look and see what's there.
That was changed a while ago.. 2.0 PTU patches gradually reduced in size from 30GB down to just under a gig IIRC. Having said that, this seems like an awful slim patch notes to justify 11 Gigs.
Have they fixed most of the problems introduced in 1.10? I had to revert back to 1.08 and that's where I'm sitting right now because of the massive amount of issues with 1.10.
Naw, there were quite a few that did it before Homeworld. Earliest ones I can remember are the Close Combat games (around 1995), but I wouldn't be surprised if there were ones even earlier.
I did 'd' 2 days ago, was about 30 gigs for me, but to be fair I didn't have any 2.1 patches.
Similar takes on the genre has been done. The Spellforce games comes to mind, probably the best RPG-RTS hybrid games out there. Spellforce 2 wasn't entirely open world, but a lot more open and non-linear than most RTS games. Dawn of War: Dark Crusade also had unit *and* base persistence on maps. I wouldn't call it open world, more open dynamic campaign.
Not all the 2.0 PTU patches were 30 gigs.
&gt; I just bought a gtx 960 specifically for the witcher 3 and it has horrendous stuttering, and from what I recall 8 GB of RAM and a i5-3570K CPU @ 3.40GHz is sufficient for 60fps on Ultra. No, it absolutely is not. I also have a 3570k, I'm on 16 GB of RAM and a Ghz edition GTX 780 (roughly 780ti equivalent) and I can't run the game fully maxed out at 60+ FPS. &gt; What the hell is wrong with this game's optimisation, am I just missing a fatal flaw here? Surprisingly, very few graphics options in TW3 have a drastic effect on framerate. A couple of the biggest things: * Shut off hairworks completely. * Turn the foliage draw distance down. This is the #1 biggest hit. * Anything that involves light, shadows, and reflections will effect your framerates to various degrees. Also what kind of HDD do you have it on? TW3 streams heavily and if your HDD can't keep up you'll get stuttering. I noticed the game runs smoother once I moved it to an SSD.
It's an alpha. A buggy, incomplete, unstable alpha. Development is proceeding along at a decent pace. But if you're looking to get it for another game to play right *now*, I'd pass. If you're looking to get it to be involved in the most open AAA title ever made, then go for it. It's fascinating to see a game of this scale come together and I can't overstate how open and engaging CIG is as a company. Some people keep calling SC a "tech demo".. that's frankly really disingenuous. It's an advanced computer game solidly in the alpha stage. And a real alpha, meaning a ton of the development is still being done on the backend. That means we can go *months* without any additional playable content.. just patches, bug fixes, tweaks, and engine work. If none of that sounds appealing to you, you won't like the game in its current state. &gt; Star Citizen seems like a more advanced version of Elite Dangerous As far as flying and interacting with your ship is concerned, it's 100% hands down more advanced than Elite: Dangerous. The two are hardly comparable. Star Citizen has the most advanced flight model we've ever seen in a space combat game (save maybe for Rouge System, which is also under development). The damage and flight control modelling in SC is really quite impressive.
&gt; Especially when your game's feature creep includes having a second game from a completely different genre within your game. You know that was a stretch goal, right?
The Escapist's piece has been torn apart numerous times on this sub. Furthermore, you'll notice they *didn't* actually supply any evidence to back up their accusations, either. The third and forth links you provided are just links to pieces parroting the Escapist's article. Basically you just provided one link there, and one without any evidence at that. And considering the Escapist accused Chris Roberts of criminal conduct I assume their sources would be more solid than "anonymous sources said". But so far that's the only "proof" they've provided. Also notice how that haven't made a single damned peep since they published that? They accused a multi-million dollar company of committing fraud and its CEO of embezzlement... reiterated it on a podcast the next day... and.. nothing? No follow up? No further discussion? They promised they were doing more research for an extensive follow up. So where is it? Last we heard on the subject was them trying to defend their ridiculous "vetting" process after it was shown to be complete bullshit. In other words, they have absolutely nothing, published an article with nothing to back it up, were expecting a pat on the back and the spotlight since hating Star Citzen has become vogue, and got called on it. SC Alpha 2.0 pretty much proves everything The Escapist said about CIG, it's finances, and the status of the game was horseshit without any factual basis. Just a guess, but I have a feeling Defy Media told them to keep their fucking mouths shut.
Too bad they went ahead and did it then, eh?
Yet you care enough to talk about its "feature creep". :P Not trying to start an argument or anything, I just find the contradiction amusing.
Dude, like I said, I was just pointing out an amusing contradiction. There's zero reason for you to turn it into a personal attack.
As far as the ships in SC are concerned the shape doesn't matter for the calculations... they're exactly the same.
&gt; It seems to be this subreddit policy to downvote any questions or discussions FFS. There was nothing there to discuss. It was downvoted because OP asked a question that's been asked and answered more times than anyone can count. The "they'll be pushed when they're ready" status of Star Citizen updates hasn't changed in *three years.* There is zero reason for this question to be asked numerous times *every single damned patch*. THAT is why it's being downvoted.
That GPU really isn't going to cut it. I was running SC on a pair of OC'd 7870's for a while and they really struggled to keep up (single or x-fire). Not only does the 7850 have only 1 GB of VRAM, it's also *slow* VRAM, which is going to hurt you in a game like SC that heavily relies on texture streaming. The game also really benefits from more RAM. I saw a huge boost going from 8 to 16.
Interesting. I haven't encountered the DoF bug. And yea, the Connie is pretty :)
Because engine timing events are often linked to the rendering engine. That includes the physics engine, audio engine, and animation engine, among other things. Sometimes it's not hard -like doing texture updates or some model geometry changes, but if you start messing with anything that involves positioning, timing, animations, or physics it can get much more complicated. Note that I'm not saying it's linked to framerate, AFAIK Cryengine doesn't do that.
Exactly. The aesthetic quality and style will not change much, but the overall presentation will be improved.
The SC HOTAS is actually based on the X65, albeit without force sensing, and has very little X52 DNA.
The thing gets a TON of love over in /r/elitedangerous.. no idea why. Maybe auti-aim gimbals make the accuracy not as big of a deal.
Thanks. Wasn't sure what it used.
One of the hard things to get used to when using a stick is to *grip it as lightly as possible*. Stick death-grip will kill your whole arm.
FYI, the current PTU patch is 11.1 GB.
&gt; 8 degrees of freedom You have an axis in the fourth dimension?
Only if you're playing a chopper sim. I don't see how one would be useful in a space sim.
You could do the same with a throttle, which has the advantage of having more buttons.
From a mathematical standpoint you're 100% correct, Z is the vertical axis. AFAIK there's no actual convention for controller axis mapping, I've just commonly used X, Y, Zr, and Z. Of course the way I actually have them mapped is X, Y, Z, R, U, V, X^2, Y^2. o_0
I'll just leave this here: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/24vzgl/you_just_won_a_656_million_dollar_lottery_what_do/
Its not 9DoF. It's 9 control axis. Massive difference.
Ctrl-C.
You can't see the difference between the number of controller input axis, and actual movement of a ridged body in three-dimensional space?
&gt; Knowledge is knowing that Frankenstein is **the doctor**; Wisdom is knowing that Frankenstein is the monster. FTFY
Star Fleet Battles, with Crimson Skies a close second.
You just linked to the exact same post...
[They look the same to me...](http://i.imgur.com/9VCxr35.png)
They're for funding the game. Star Citizen is 100% crowd funded.. these ships are the funding model. They're also ships in the game.. the game is a space combat sim.
You need to get some HUD hiding mods in there ;)
Yea nothing like that. When the game goes live a lot of the current funding stuff won't be available anymore for cash and will only be obtainable in-game.
&gt; 3 facilities from what I had read on it Four. CIG Austin, CIG Santa Monica, Foundry 42 Manchester, Foundry 42 Frankfurt. Plus contracted studios: Imaginarium, Turbulent, BHVR, Moon Collider. &gt; If I recall correctly, at some point they wound up with only 8 million dollars left out of all that money they had gotten from crowd funding, they ended up doing a lot of layoffs (they employed something like 600+ people). You do not recall correctly. CIG currently employs 260 people, and that number has been steadily increasing since the 4 they had in 2012. There were never "mass layoffs". They moved a bunch of core functions from Austin to Santa Monica, which resulted in a few (3) of their higher profile people leaving because they didn't want to move half-way across the country. The 8-million dollar crap was horseshit Derek Smart spewed on his twitter, and for some reason was parroted by a *single* media outlet in a *single* article. &gt; But they still don't have a game. What they have is a collection of features demoed out. They didn't start by making a far less version of what they wanted and fleshing it out by building off a solid foundation. Their approach is to make features (independent of each other) then try to tie those together into game. Again, incorrect. Alpha 2.0 is *exactly* what you said they haven't done. It's the core, integrated game that includes all parts (EVA, FPS, Space Combat, Social) that they're now building on. &gt; And that just doesn't work in design (any kind of design, not just game design) That's really funny... because it is working. Alpha 2.0 is great. It's the beginning of all all Star Citizen's features tied together in a cohesive whole. And that's the thing.. it *is cohesive*. It doesn't in any way feel like a disjointed collection of features. Sorry man, but you are grossly misinformed about the current state of Star Citizen. [Here's the latest studio report](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/transmission/15155-Monthly-Studio-Report) talking about the current development status. Oh, and it's only been in development since February 2013 (CIG's official 'start of development' date). They just did their 3rd anniversary livestream. So it hasn't been in development for 5 years. EDIT: Thank-you kindly for ze reddit shiny!
&gt; Don't they have 3 companies working on 3 different aspects of the game now? No. All development has been brought in house. They have several contracted studios working *with* them on different aspects of the game (Turbulent does their web design, Moon Collider is working on AI development, BHVR does a lot of asset and art work, Imaginarium does a lot of the motion capture work). This is completely normal in game development.
It's amazing people take a *single* article as truth, and somehow view the absolute metric fuckton of evidence to the contrary as a scam. Kind of reminds me of climate change deniers.
&gt; Development started in 2011. Funny, considering CIG was founded in April of 2012.
No problem. &gt; The point I was making is they aren't using tech that far beyond what anyone else has so it's unlikely they'll be able to really surpass what anyone else is doing. Taking any individual component I'd agree completely. They're pushing the fidelity envelope pretty far, but like I said, mostly just evolution on what's already been done. The novel part of Star Citizen is that nobody has taken all of these different things and put them into a cohesive single game. &gt; I knew about the damage system, I just didn't think it was going to port well to high complexity online play. My bet was that halfway through online development they were going to have say 'look this damage model is too complicated, latency issues make shots not that accurate anyway and calculating all this for (the planned) 30 ships is killing our servers, why don't we simplify it to something more sane instead.' Interestingly enough, their more advanced damage system actually *reduced* overhead. The original Hornet model had something like 100 unique, individual damage states. Each one with different modeled components. Each time a Hornet was loaded, four complete different models had to be loaded into memory. This is the "traditional" way damage states are done. CIG went to a [component-based procedural damage system](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/transmission/14568-The-New-Damage-System), which had the two-fold effect of *increasing* the fidelity of their damage modelling while *decreasing* the resource requirements for the physical ships (the new Hornet uses 150MB less memory than the original, lower fidelity one). Excerpt here: &gt; Two other areas we wanted to improve on were the time it takes our artist to create the numerous damage states for each part of the ship, and the hefty memory cost these meshes come with, which could prove to be a problem as we scale up the game. The reason the damage states are so labour intensive is that each ship has over ten main parts, and each of these requires five damage states to represent the different levels of damage, then each of these requires up to five simplified meshes that we use when they’re further from the camera to save performance. This equates to over 200 meshes per ship! &gt; When you examine the current damage states in Arena Commander you’ll notice that the first two damage states tend to just contain minor dents, some burn damage, and perhaps a few panels that have been blown off exposing some internals. It’s only when you get to the 75% and 100% damage states you start seeing major silhouette changes, however the earlier damage states still carry the same memory cost. So our goal was to try and achieve the minor damage without having to create whole new meshes, saving both memory and artist time. To do this we decided to record the impacts on the ship within an extra set of textures that wrap around the entire ship, and to then use these in the shaders to dynamically add the dents and burn in precisely the location your ship took the damage. However rather than just opting to blend in a simple damaged texture in these areas, we instead chose to model the type of damage much more accurately by recording four different quantities [ ... ] It's a cool system and it looks glorious in game. &gt; And my issue with ship handling was exactly that, they are all flying using very similar systems, it would take a lot of effort to make them all 'feel different' especially in a constrained physics system. I assure you, they feel different. Especially once they start to take damage. It's pretty cool when you get a wing blown off and suddenly your inertial moments are all screwed up. &gt; GCE Sorry I probably should have spelled that out, it's Google Computer Engine, similar to Amazon's cloud computing platform. Don't get me wrong, SC has a long way to go. But it's shaping up to be one of the best space combat games ever made.
Heh, welcome to space sims.
It was recorded off my twitch stream, which was streaming in 720p. Also, I know it's really hard to accept -you might want to sit down- some of us actually game in 16:10, which often means we have to scale our videos because of the lack of 16:10 support in video editing software and youtube's crap handling of 16:10 video.
Chris Roberts made it pretty clear early on that Star Citizen is about ships, and players should be able to get the ships they want to fly without having it feel like a chore. Ships in SC aren't in a linear hierarchical tree like most games' equipment is. It's quite possible you get a ship in your first 30 hours that you end up using for the majority of your play time. It really depends more on what you want to do and how you want to play. &gt; to the folks who buy just the game and no ship packages :) The base Star Citizen game comes with an Aurora or Mustang. Nobody starts the game with no ships.
TBF to ED, that's not actually an official wiki. But yea, it's very anti-SC.
Maybe ask in the 'Weekly Q&amp;A' thread on the ED subbreddit (it's stickied at the top)? I don't have any sources available I can provide unfortunately. I would link you to the sub but x-links get removed.
&gt; module which was then thrown out [citation needed] CIG moved FPS development in-house. That's all we know. Illfonic was contracted very early in the project, and likely the game's technology outgrew their original contract, and it just made more sense bringing it in house.
Starmade?
Is that suppose to mean something?
No experience? That was a joke, right?
Agreed, I've also heard those rumours. But that's all they are until we have something concrete to the contrary.
&gt; its been 4 years since kick starter. Uh, no it hasn't.
Honestly I don't really follow KSP's development, so i wouldn't know.
Yes, it has been submitted here several times.
Ahh ok. I totally missed that one.
Thanks. This has started to really piss me off. I assume this won't clear the other joystick binds?
I usually just ignore this shit or jump on a different server if it's really bad.. it is however exceptionally annoying if you're actually trying to reproduce a bug. All people had to do last night on your server was jump into another Port Olisar instance. Problem solved. IMO just add the player to your own KOS list and extract glorious revenge at a later date. Most griefers can't PvP worth a shit.
The 780 is a beast, especially with OCing. In some benchmarks it still surpasses the 970. I am annoyed the price of them never came down when Maxwell was released though. I really wanted to SLI mine.
FWIW, this is why I don't run AMD: Switched to nVidia after years of running AMD cards^1. Better software, better drivers, and vastly more consistent performance out of the card (note that I said CONSISTENT, not necessarily "faster"), especially across different games. I would get massively different performance from my AMD cards across similar applications, and sometimes very inconsistent performance within a single application. For the nVidia card I hardly have to do any tweaking at all besides "the usual". I don't like nVidia much as a company, just like I'm not a huge fan of Intel. But they make a *really* solid product, and when I'm dropping half a grand on a GPU I'm not going to make huge compromises for corporate morality. Having said that, I've also found that in the mid-range and low-range options, the cost:performance ratio is usually so far in AMD's favour it's hard to make an argument to go for nVidia. But for high-end builds, right now, nVidia is the better choice IMO. ^1: To put this in perspective my last nVidia card was a 9800GT, in a build I did almost 10 years ago. I went through 5 AMD cards afterwards, so I have *plenty* of experience with AMD. My opinion isn't based on blind fanboyism.
It's not even necessarily a decoupled thing. I don't often decouple, but hardly ever joust. It's simply people not in the 6DoF mindset and keeping their throttle firewalled the entire time.
Yea pretty much what I do too.
It does with COMSTAB enabled. I think people are also missing that there's a maximum *total* velocity allowed. The total of your vector is not allowed to exceed that, regardless of what direction you're facing. If you're already close to maximum speed and rotate quickly, you have to cancel speed in one direction as fast as you add it in another. If your main engine is being used to accelerate on your new heading, your thrusters *can not* cancel at the same rate. Thus, you have to drift, as the main engine takes priority for the IFCS. Manually using the thrusters tells the IFCS to prioritize thrust coming from the thrusters, and it will thus limit the output of your main engine instead. So again, this is expected behaviour based on how the Star Citizen flight model and IFCS system works. The "throttle" is basically an IFCS override telling the system to do *everything it can* to maintain that speed, at the expense of everything else. Manually adjusting your thrusters overrides that (to a limited extent, you used to be able to completely cancel your throttle setting using thrusters).
Two totally false comparisons. Sliding a spaceship in no way, shape, or form compromises your ability to control said spaceship. Control in a car **requires** traction with the ground. Control in an aircraft **requires** reaction with the atmosphere. Lose either traction or the ability to react with the atmosphere, and you lose control. Maneuvering a spaceship only **requires** active thrusters. Outside of collisions or damage, as long as you have active thrusters, you have control. The issue is people are thinking like an airplane. They're not thinking in Newtonian 6DoF. An SC ship flying in decoupled mode is still 100% in control.
I just did some testing. Used a Super Hornet since it's both fast and heavy as hell. I tested using 90^O (or approximately so) yaw turns. It appears my post above there is somewhat correct insofar as the IFCS having a different priorities depending on input, but my interpretation of the outputs was incorrect. Turning without using thrusters tells the IFCS to maintain the ship's velocity, and this it balances thruster and main engine output. This creates a gradual transition to the new heading. My forward velocity dropped from 225 to a floor of ~60-70 doing these turns. When I commanded the IFCS to use full thruster power to cancel the inertia, my forward speed dropped to a floor of ~30 before starting to accelerate again. This is because I told IFCS to forget maintaining forward velocity as its priority and instead focus on ramping up to the maximum lateral velocity within the bounds of the coupled flight mode. If I continued this input I'd actually end up in a 45-degree vector in the opposite direction. That was with COMSTAB disabled. I'll do some more testing with COMSTAB enabled. edit: With COMSTAB enabled, applying thrust in the direction of the turn took significantly LONGER to cancel the inertia than it did without manually applying thrust. Nearly twice as long. edit edit: Did some more testing, this time in the P-52. With COMSTAB off behavior is exactly as I saw with the SH. The IFCS will not completely cancel your forward velocity unless you're manually commanding it to do so. This is expected behaviour with the IFCS in this flight mode. With COMSTAB on it will, though in the P-52 I did not notice any difference in how long it took to change vectors 90 degrees whether or not I was manually applying thrust into the turn. In neither case did I see manually applying thrust into the turn with COMSTAB on result in a decrease in the amount of time it took to cancel the lateral inertia. All testing was done in both ships with the throttle at 100% and using 100% or 0% lateral thrust. edit edit edit: What ship were you using? I want to do some testing in that one too and see if the behaviour is more or less consistent, or if there's some huge discrepancies in lateral thrust ability that could explain why you and I seem to be seeing very different behaviour. Final Edit: If the overall argument is that COMSTAB should *completely* prevent the ship from skidding, at all, it simply isn't possible without drastically limiting either velocity (to a point where inertia can't overpower available thrust) or rotation rates (to a point where you can't change facing faster than your thrusters can change your vector), or having massively OP thrusters. The second mode is essentially what we have when you enter CRU flight, and the first is essentially what you have when you enter PRE flight. We actually had the 3rd for quite a while and it was absolutely terrible.
The Space Shuttle isn't artificially limited to create exciting visual range space combat.
I still think it's a false comparison though. A spaceship sliding is just as controllable as one that isn't. Your ability to control that spaceship, and the amount of control ability you have over that spaceship, has not been compromised. A car sliding or an airplane stalling have both suffered from a sever compromise in the operator's ability to control the vehicle.
I guess so. Whether a ship is sliding or not, your means to do what you intended has not changed one bit.
In the testing [I just did](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/41ewcs/helicopter_pilot_with_concern_about_sc_coupled/cz1wsub) I actually saw the opposite of that occurring.
So within the bounds of Star Citizen's flight model, how would you solve this issue?
Ok, did some testing with the 325, with the caveat that the entire 300 series is a little wonky, as it's mightly due for an overhaul (it's the only flyable ship that hasn't had one). I saw the behaviour you're talking about with that ship. But here's the thing: It 100% makes sense based on the thruster placement on the 300 series. The ship has particularly strong pitch moments, eight total thrusters available for pitch control (positive, six negative), all but two of which are on the far extents of the ship giving you very long moments. The 300 can pitch and yaw faster than almost any other ship. HOWEVER: Only two of those thrusters are placed so they can kill forward velocity with any authority. This means unless you're moving exceptionally slow you're going to have far more authority to pitch than you will have ability to cancel your inertia. This is compounded by the two front thrusters -the ones that will help kill your velocity- having very wide range of movement (eyeballing it I'd say in excess of 60 degrees). If you're maneuvering those thrusters are going to be working overtime. This isn't an IFCS problem. This is a physical limitation of the way the ship is constructed. It's one of those things that give ships in Star Citizen their different character. The *second* issue you're seeing -and it exists in all ships but is very noticeable in the 300, again because of the interesting thruster placement- is the way IFCS handles translation movement. In coupled flight mode, the IFCS will always divide your movement between commanded forward movement (throttle) and commanded translation. If you're at full throttle, the IFCS will only allow something like 30% of your velocity vector to be translation. As you reduce throttle, that ratio goes up. So at 50% throttle more than half of your total velocity will be dedicated to translation. If you're using the keyboard for thrusters instead of an analog control, this makes maintaining the space equivalent of co-ordinated flight exceptionally difficult, because as your commanded forward speed (throttle setting) decreases (which you might do if you're trying to stay co-ordinated) the IFCS is actually going to *increase* your translation vector. A flight control computer to maintain 100% co-ordinated space flight, with the way the ships work in SC, really isn't possible without drastically limiting their rotation rates, or reducing their potential inertia. The 300 series is a real offender of the issue you're talking about because its long control moments (giving it very rapid rotation) make its thrusters seem much more powerful than they actually are, especially based on their locations. The ship has always skidded around a lot, right from day 1. In theory you *could* limit rotation rates to a point where thrusters can compensate for the ship's inertia, but in many cases -especially with ships like the 300- those rotation rates would be exceptionally slow at anything approaching normal speeds. Thrusters in Star Citizen simply aren't that powerful. **TL;DR:** The behaviour you're seeing actually makes sense based on the thruster placement of the 300 series and how the flight model works in Star Citizen. edit: In testing, I was able to maintain co-ordinated pitch at around 70-80 m/s, at about 40% pitch rate and 50% ventral thrust with COMSTAB off. COMSTAB ON was about the same result *without* applying any thrust power. Applying thrust with COMSTAB ON I could peak at around 100 m/s, actually resulting in a wider -not sharper- turn. In both cases applying 100% thrust (which would happen if using KB control) I was unable to maintain a co-ordinated loop. This testing was hardly exhaustive, as the conditions used when entering the maneuver drastically changed my results (entering from full speed/no translation, full speed/thrusters ramping up, full speed/full translation, etc), and the results would further change depending on the direction of rotation due to non-symmetrical thruster placement. But based on my understanding of the IFCS, the Star Citizen flight model, and the 300 series, I didn't see anything that made me go "huh?".
Interesting concept OP. However... IMO radars in FPS games are a crutch. Unless you have one really *damned* good in-universe reason to explain how it works, other than "because", I don't want one. Downvote away.
This also isn't Call of Duty. It's suppose to be a more tactical FPS game. FPS radars are cheesy.
Uh oh. You got me. I totally, 100% just made that up.. because.. reasons? &gt; With Nvidia I was getting a driver crash every other day. You are just posting misinformation. I can't remember that last time I ever had a driver crash with nVidia. . See how stupid that argument is?
They're also incredibly short range, limited field of view, and don't see through layers of concrete or steel walls, and have some pretty drastic drawbacks.
&gt; And, the abusive use of 6DoF. In space there's zero reason your ship has to move in the direction its facing. Spaceships aren't aeroplanes. &gt; The 95% of 1vs1 dogfighting combat are both ship, front to front, moving to the laterals and shooting. Is like an 1vs1 in some FPS game. No dogfighting essence. Start playing Squadron Battle and communicating with your teammates. Tactics are 100% usable and viable in Star Citizen.
No, there's nothing wrong with the flying system. When there's no consequences to getting killed and the only reason to play is for points, people are just going to play as aggressively as possible because there's zero downsides to doing so.
&gt; not a turrets in spac It's not. Turrets in space is a tactics problem, and generally a tactic only used by very inexperienced players. It's completely predictable and a very good way to get yourself killed very quick. &gt; I like the use of 6dof, but I think it should to be more restrictive in order to prior the man engine It is.. the main engine is used all the time. It's the best way to effect a quick change of vector. &gt; Anyway, there is no Sense on having the same acceleration and max speed in these little thrusters It doesn't, and hasn't for quite a while and especially not since 2.0. &gt; Élite has 6dof too, but is capped in order of no abuse it Elite's is terrible. They artificially limit the rotation rates of ships using arbitrary values to force a very specific style of flight. IMO combat in Elite is boring as f-- compared to SC. These are the kinds of complaints we saw with AC way back in like v0.9 and 1.0 when thrusters were stupid powerful.
There isn't anything wrong with the flying system. Many of us can dogfight just fine without encountering these "problems" you're talking about.
Did it occur to you that maybe he was just a hell of a lot better than any of the rest of you?
WTF?
I want Q-Ships or Auxiliary Cruisers so much.
Radar is line-of-sight. Doesn't work around corners or through obstacles.
&gt; The problem I have with Elite is that Frontier doesn't seem to be doing anything with it. All the activities you can do are repetitive and boring, at least to me, and they haven't really added anything significant over the past year. The only things added have been new ships, a system that gives small rewards for grinding more, and a system that allows you to form squads with friends. &gt; Frontier said from the beginning that they would charge additional money for big expansions, but releasing a $60 expansion that only allows you to interact with small, rocky planets really felt like a slap in the face to those who had been backing them since the game's release. To expand on the second point there, some people are misinterpreting people being pissed at the expansion cost because it's high. While it is, payed-for expansions are nothing new. What many players are *really* pissed about is the second point above, combined with the first. The core game still feels very incomplete in places, and instead of improving that, FDEV puts out a full priced expansion less than a year after release.
&gt; Star citizen right now is more of a tech demo No, it isn't. The original pitch video was a tech demo. What's currently available is a game solidly in the alpha stage of development, well beyond a tech demo.
I never said it was a full game. I said it wasn't a technology demo. It's well beyond that stage.
&gt; . It's ambitious, but the rumor that the designer blew all the money people gave to him on a house and whatnot had me very sceptical about spending money on an unfinished game. There's a bit of history behind those made-up claims, mostly revolving around a smear complain being leveled against Star Citizen and Chris Roberts by a very vocal hack developer (who, I should add, has been harassing Roberts since his days at Origin Systems in the early 1990's), who just happened to get *one* media outlet to buy into his shit. Most likely because of a previous existing relationship between himself and the "journalist" who wrote the piece. Without going into details, the article published by said media outlet has been torn apart, repeatedly. All the claims made in it are unsupported with zero evidence provided, some other claims have been flat our shown to have been fabrication at worst or gross incompetence at best. So don't worry about it. Roberts is a well respected developer with a long history of delivering solid games. CIG has a lot of top-tier talent, and the company is the most transparent AAA developer in history. Besides, failing projects don't get approval from the agents for people like Gary Oldman. Feel free to stop by /r/starcitizen and check out the FAQ and stickied questions thread. It's a good community for the most part.
GPU isn't the only problem. I run Star Citizen fine on a Ghz Edition 780, which is around a 970 in performance (better in some areas, worse in others). SC right now also bottlenecks on i5 processors because of the way it handles hyperthreading. So if you have an i5 processor with slower single-core performance the game bogs down. It's also benefits a ton from 16 Gigs of RAM. Don't get me wrong, the GPU does make a huge difference, but SC is going to be a game that benefits from modern hardware across the board. A 960 will run it. Just not maxed out at 1080p/60fps, assuming your processor isn't slow.
&gt; Star Citizen is slated for Q2 of 2017 Do you have a source for that? Not arguing the point, I'd just like a source to point to when people ask :)
At its heart it's a space combat simulation. And a rather complex one at that. It's MMO in a persistent universe, but completely skill based. There's no "classes", no "levels", no "skill trees".
That article has been torn apart more times than I can count. I'll summarize the entire article for you in three words: "Anonymous sources said:"
Pretty much.
Another great article from INN.
Good sticks are expensive. Very much like comparing a cheap $12 keyboard to a $150 mechanical one. The cheap one "works", but you don't realize how shitty it is until you type on the expensive mechanical one. There is a complete night-and-day difference between a cheap stick and a more expensive one. Some of the problems you get with cheap sticks: * Deadzone. That is, a "dead" area around the centre where you get no reaction from movement of the stick. Better sticks have zero deadzone. * Quality. Better sticks are just built better. Unlike mice, a joystick is a mechanical device that gets a lot more abuse when gaming. Cheap sticks don't stand up to abuse very well. The best quality sticks (CH Products) can last 15 years and still function like the day they were bought. Cheaper sticks sometimes don't even make it 6 months before they start to develop issues. Cheaper sticks sometimes even have buttons that are DOA or don't work properly after a very short period of time. * Precision. Cheap sticks have shit internals (with the exception of the T16000m). They're not precise. They don't calibrate well, they'll develop 'spiking' over time (spiking is a quick and uncommanded "blip" in the stick's motion). Expensive sticks use significantly higher quality internals, and the motion on them is much smoother. This means it's easier to game with. Imagine using a mouse that would randomly move your cursor a couple of inches every now and then. That's what joystick spiking is like. * Expensive sticks have better control software. Far, FAR too many people underestimate the usefulness of a joystick's control software. This software lets you do things like assign keymaps for programs, macros, custom sensitivity and response curves, axis reassignment or axis inversion, and depending on the software other more complex functions. Saitek's is decent, Thrustmaster's TARGET is very good and CH Product's Control Manager is widely considered the best on the market. * Expensive sticks have better resale value. You can probably reclaim 80-90% of what you spent on a good stick or HOTAS if it's lightly used and you decide you don't like it. I've seen 5 year old CH gear go for a mere $20-$40 less than brand new stuff. --------------------------------------------- /u/kalnaren's standard "Need HOTAS Advice" post: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * Mad Catz/Saitek AV8R: I would consider this the bottom-of-the-barrel entry. MSRP is around $30 so you're not going to find anything cheaper. Poor design, throttles in very awkward position. Cheaply made, few buttons. Ambidextrous. I believe this was originally made as a PS3 controller. No longer in production. Probably best to avoid. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY V1: Saitek's new bottom-of-the-barrel entry. Very new stick, not much info available. Allows alt/shifted functions, which is a nice feature to see on a cheap stick. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY 5: Better than the above. Much more customizable. IMO expensive stick for what you get, especially if you're in Europe and can get VKB stuff. Better throttle placement than the AV8R. Might be worth looking into if you find most sticks uncomfortable. * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: IMO best budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite though. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. Anecdotal evidence seems to suggest components in the system starts to fail around 600-700 hours of use. **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). IMO best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, so still requires re-calibration every now and then, but they're excellent quality pots, so you won't run into the spiking and drift issues common to cheaper sticks. Modeled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. Various reports of stick suffering from stiction issues. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). I've heard conflicting reports as to whether or not the Defender Cobra M5 is still in production. Either way it's hard to get a hold of. **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m (or two T16000m sticks if all you play is SC/ED) * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup. Unless you're playing a shitton of jet sims, then probably the warthog. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Smooth but stiff motion with very abrupt centering. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * VKB T-rudder MkII pedals: Responsive pedals with a simple push down action (adjustable), but with no toe pedals. All metal, well constructed and not insanely priced. A mid-tier step between Saitek/CH Pedals and MFG or Slaw device. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $500-$600. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. **Twist vs. No Twist** This is largely an issue of personal preference, and there's valid points of view for it either way. I'll outline a couple based on my own experience: Pros of Twist: * Saves real-estate. * Twist sticks are widely available by comparison. * Don't need to invest in pedals. * Arguably easier to use. Cons of Twist: * Axis bleed is a real issue. * Torqueing motion is unnatural for the wrist, and it can start to ache after longer gaming sessions. * Not as accurate as pedals. * Generally leads to weaker stick. * Can exasperate calibration issues. After switching to a non-twist stick and getting pedals I'll never go back, but again, personal preference. Also, /r/hotas -------------------- As for the Saitek ones being developed for SC, I'm very much in the "Wait and see" category. Saitek's quality control since Mad Catz bought them has been spotty at best, and in the HOTAS arena they're not known for high quality.
Probably the two biggest things you'll notice: First, in Star Citizen, your primary directional controls are pitch and **yaw**, not just pitch. SC controls much more like a traditional space sim in that respect, and many people (myself included) map pitch and yaw to the stick instead of pitch and roll. The second major thing you'll notice is that ships in Star Citizen are much lighter, and fly like it. They drift around, and you have to positively be aware of the direction you're flying much moreso than in Elite, where (FA-off) the ship basically goes in whatever direction you're pointing it in. Decoupled in Star Citizen acts much like FA-off in ED, although SC doesn't limit your rotation rates to the same degree and the IFCS will still arrest rotation. In combat you'll notice ships in SC are nowhere near as resilient as the ships in Elite, and even minor damage can have huge consequences. Elite doesn't really model structural damage -Star Citizen does. So lose a wing and your inertial moments will be all messed up and it will be much harder to fly a damaged ship. Because SC doesn't use hitscan weapons scoring hits on ships is actually much, much more difficult than Elite (also because the ships are smaller, generally faster, and much more maneuverable). Combat in SC can get much more hectic and chaotic than combat in E:D.
The second one. Star Citizen is often described as a 'First Person Universe '.
or bugs. Sometimes they just glitch out.
&gt; Sincerely, from a guy who read the book. Seriously. Before TW3 came out and everyone was like "Triss or Yen?" those of us who read the books were like "Uh, is that even a choice?" Also, your link doesn't work ;)
I really hate that quest. On my current playthrough I'm going for Triss.. so hard. Had to force myself through that quest :(
I use my pedals for roll and toebrakes for acceleration/decel.
&gt; Would give more incentive for people to test Unlikely. It would give more people incentive to log into the PTU without any intention of testing, then bitch that things aren't working in the PTU instead of doing bug reports.
How is this different from any other kickstarter, crowdfunded, or preordered *anything*?
TBF, most SC backers aren't dropping 4-figures, and SC is hardly the first or only crowdfunded game to have 4-figure pledge levels, yet it seems to get a lot of flack for it. By far the most common backer level is the cheapest (or second cheapest) one, which is less than any AAA title. &gt; Added to that is the huge scope. I just see disappointment when people don't get the all-things-to-all-people MMO/FPS/Single-player/Space-flightsim they expect. While I don't necessarily disagree, the development of this game is so open and there's so many free-fly events that if anyone backs it without knowing what they're getting they have nobody to blame but themselves.
For those of us who have been involved in it since the very first release of the hangar, it's simply amazing how much progress CIG has made. Many outside of the community think it should be progressing faster.. but when you compare the very first spaceflight release of Arena Commander to the Alpha 2.1 we have now... it's just awesome. And aside from all that it's just really, really cool to see the internal workings of how an AAA game is developed right from inception. I've learned a heck of a lot about the game development process.
&gt; What I'm saying is that this front-loaded payment of $100+ million dollars doesn't serve as motivation for the devs to adhere to specific deliverables and a strict schedule. Instead, it probably does the opposite, encouraging them to keep adding more to the scope, which in turn continues to push the end date back. CIG didn't get a front loaded payment of $100 million. They got a front loaded payment of $6 million. 12 months ago CIG didn't even have half the funding they do now. While I don't necessarily disagree with the points you're making in a general sense, I don't think they really apply to CIG.
&gt; Carrack is still waiting for his time, **he's doing some work on the Caterpillar right now**. Another man's sorrow is my gain :D
A fun group can make a ton of difference, regardless. But with people who like PvE constantly referred to as "carebares" and other derogatory terms, can you really blame them for having an impression? And based on the assholery I've seen in E:D, it's not entirely wrong either.
This is very true, which is why you don't want to make it 100% consensual. However, there is a balance here. No matter what people want, SC is also a game designed for people who don't really want to PvP. You can't just throw those people into small areas and say "too bad, you don't get to experience the rest of the game."
&gt; Whenever I watch Star Trek, or any awesome sci-fi im always on the edge of my seat when the enemy manages to sneak up to the enterprise while cloaked then uncloaks and bombards them with torpedo's before they have any time to react and raise the shields. Remember shields in Star Trek are a **plot device**. They're explicitly used to build tension and further the plot of the episode, hence their widely inconsistent behavior (not to mention the "Federation Generic Energy Beam Generator", AKA, deflector dish). You'll be able to adjust your shields in Star Citizen, and there may be reasons for leaving them up or down. Not all the mechanics are in yet. I suspect energy management on upgraded and overclocked ships will become more paramount.
&gt; The part that I don't understand is the amount of people who are excited for bounty hunting, but simultaneously don't want anyone playing in a way that would generate a bounty. Not saying they don't exist, but I don't think I've seen a single post in 3 years of people planning on playing a bounty hunter who are anti-PvP. On the contrary, many of them seem to see themselves as the natural counter to PvP douchebaggery. &gt; Hopefully CIG follows their own vision and doesn't make development further into a democracy. Most people think they have all the answers, but we're obviously not accomplished game designers. Indeed. Many times what gaming communities think they want and what's actually healthy for the game are not the same.
&gt; 960m Yea.. I wouldn't expect to get 60fps, especially if you're running it in 1080p
As oppose to...?
Apparently John Rhys Davies accepted without even talking to his agent and got in shit for it later lol.
Technically they didn't need anymore money once they hit $23 million, but the community voted to keep the CF campaign going.
Man, I hear ya. I really, really, *really* hate it when a game dev studio spends money meeting one of their *original stretch goals*.
&gt; Are men afraid of interacting with children at a playground because they fear the reaction of other men or is it because they fear the reaction of the moms at the playground calling the police? This can't be overstated. I'm terrified whenever I go out and play with my nieces (I'm a dude in his late 20's, my nieces are 12 and 13) that someone is going to call the cops on me. Just the accusation of that alone would quite literally end my career. It's a horribly shitty feeling to have when I'm spending time with them.
Tacked on? Seriously? Squadron 42 was the *original* pitch, with Star Citizen kind of being an end-game for those who finished the SP campaign. CIG's largest studio (Foundry 42) is wholly responsible for the SP campaign. All the wicked engine stuff we're seeing? Most of that has come out of Foundry 42.
The other thing you have to remember is that the Avenger performs that way *empty*. It will change when it's loaded with cargo. The Gladius, being a fighter, will pretty much perform as it does across the board.
No doubt to find another way to levi a tax on Ontario citizens.
If you're upgrading specifically for Star Citizen you're going to want to double your RAM, go for an i7 processor (NOT a bottom-end one), and run at least a GTX 970 or equivalent. Most games won't benefit a ton from an i7, but Star Citizen fully supports hyperthreading and already runs markedly better on an i7 than an i5. For SC 16 gigs of RAM is almost a must. The game currently uses 7-9 Gigs consistently, and I don't see that going down. It will run on 8 Gigs but again, shows a marked improvement on 16. For a GPU you want something with either fast memory or a large memory bus (or both). Don't just pay attention to the amount of VRAM. You don't need to buy top-of-the-line but lower-mid grade isn't going to cut it.
I've also seen this on /r/parrots, without the 'iFunny' logo.
No prob.
Looks like a GNDN pipe.
Disclaimer: Not a professional law guy The court broke the charges into two separate actions. In order to be found guilty of murder, there has to be two components -the actual *act* of committing murder, and the *intent* to do so. For the first set of charges, he was found not guilty, as the jury believed the act justified, and thus there was no *intent* to kill the guy. For the second set, he was found guilty of the *intent* part, but because the victim was already dead, he could not be found guilty of the *act* part -hence could not be found guilty of murder. Can't murder a corpse. Had the victim been alive for the second volley he'd be looking at a murder conviction. &gt; whether he died seconds earlier in the first volley should make no difference Well, the court disagreed. They felt there was sufficient time between the first and second volley to be considered two separate actions.
Yea that would be the term.
Only the best for my girl :)
Disclaimer: Not a professional wordsmith.
Calibration issues around the twist axis is a common problem with cheap joysticks. You can try calibrating it and putting a deadzone around the axis, but if it's actually out by 50% that will pretty much make your Zr-axis useless unless you set up some wicked response curves and have an uber-soft twist action on your wrist lol. Since you got it at a thrift shop, unless it was BNIB, you might also have issues with the warranty.
No such thing as a lead PIP. PIP stands for "Predicted Impact Point".. it will never "lead" the ship, as the PIP must be on the target to hit. Target Lead Indicator (TLI) is the one that leads the target. To answer your question, AFAIK, turrets can currently only use the TLI. This may change in the future as turrets are pretty rudimentary right now.
Ah ok I misunderstood. Yea, 7% you can deadzone out but you're going to lose a bit of motion.
&gt; PU is such a long way away. Anything bought now (in the tech world) will likely be obsolete by the time PU is released. Using CH Gear. Designed in the 90's. Still best on the market. Joke's on you. :P
*This is an update of an older post I made a while ago*. I'll compare them both, but I want to hammer in the salient point that *Star Citizen is not a released game*. It's not even in beta state yet. It's an alpha, still undergoing significant core development. ED is a released game, so they're hard to compare with a level of parity. I play both, so I'll try. Based on features that are currently in **both** games and can thus be compared: * Star Citizen looks better than ED, hands down. They're not even close. * ED's interface is significantly better polished than SC's. This includes the game interface (menus, etc) as well as the in-game ship GUI/HUD. Though with Alpha 2 Star Citizen's ship UI is being improved a lot. * Both games are pretty punishing to newbies. * The flight control in both games is *very* different. Both are Newtonian flight models but approach it in different ways. ED's is a little more arcade-ish, WWII-in-space feel. Very pitch dominate. Star Citizen's is much more physics based, and the control system is more complex. Ships in SC maneuver more like the game asteroids in 3D. * Star Citizen's flight model is *much* more complex than EDs. SC calculates thrust, inertial moments, angular momentum and all the other stuff in *real time*. ED's compensates for mass and and momentum, but that's about it. * SC's damage model blows ED's away. ED's damage model is much like your classic space sim -hit points with "areas" that represent system damage. IE, a ship can be at 1% hull and still be fully functional. SC's damage model is more akin to a flight simulator. Parts of the ship can be blown off, and that can completely screw up your performance (changes center of gravity, inertial moments, thruster damage changes available thrust, etc). * ED's control input methods (mouse vs. joystick vs. gamepad) are much more balanced than SCs, and overall the game feels much smoother and more refined. It's come a long way but for some things there's still a huge discrepancy between KB/M and Joystick in Star Citizen. I'd say Elite is easier to pick up with either, whereas SC is harder to pick up with a stick. * ED scales awesome. Will run on a potato. Star Citizen requires you sacrifice a virgin to Lord Gaben to run well (FYI, I've run ED fine on my 4 year old laptop.. SC hardly maintains 60 FPS @1680x1050 on my 16GB RAM, 3570k GTX 780 gaming rig). * CIG is much more open and forward than Frontier Developments. * CIG is a new studio, no previous titles, but a shitton of experience and top-tier talent, led by an old master of the genre. Does not answer to shareholders (there are none). * FD is an older studio, lots of previous titles with a good track record, lots of good talent, and led by an old master of the genre. Does answer to shareholders. * Space combat in SC and ED feel very different. Both require skill. Star Citizen's is much more hectic and fast paced.. I usually describe it as fighter combat from Battlestar Galactica. ED's is slower and more deliberate. One isn't necessarily harder than the other, but they are different. Some people don't like the feel of one or the other. I personally prefer the fast paced SC combat but I don't mind ED's either. * "Missions" in Star Citizen -even the few we have in the alpha- are better than Elite's. They have a much more personal feel to them and feel much more connected to the universe. Based on features both games **promise** to have in the future: * ED will have some first person elements as an expansion. No idea when Elite's are going to make an appearance. Star Citizen's FPS stuff is already in the game and functioning. * Both will have planetary landings. ED's will likely make heavy use of PG, whereas SC's will make heavy use of PG with hand-crafted landing areas. Not sure how this is going to translate into the game now that SC has shown off PG planet tech. ED's will be a paid-for expansion, whereas SC's will be part of the game. We already have Arc Corp and and few space stations in Star Citizen's alpha. Looks very pretty and feels a lot like traditional FPS locations. FDEV has released Horizons, but it's pretty barebones at the moment. It features driving buggies around airless moons, to be expanded more in the future. Elite's planetside areas look like they're going to be much bigger but less detailed. Other points (possible opinions inbound -if you don't want opinions, don't read on): * ED extensively uses PG. This allows a lot of content.. but a lot of it is *very* repetitive without much variation. For example, there's not a huge variety in missions and they always play out in essentially the same way, and rely heavily on RNG. * SC is going for a lot more hand-crafted content. The universe won't be anywhere as large as ED's (150 star systems vs. 400-billion), but whereas ED systems are very ... bland and similar, SC's will be much more unique. * ED's galaxy is a lot more realistic, astrophysically speaking. * SC will feature multi-crew starships. Think everything from turret gunners to Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator. This is already available and functioning in SC Alpha 2. There were six of us flying around in my Constellation the other day -Me (pilot), systems officer in the second seat, two turret gunners, and a spare guy who would normally be the snubfighter pilot. * Both games are planning for extensive post-release support. * ED is online only. SC will feature a full single player campaign, as well as the ability to run private servers (with the caveat that they'll be significantly reduced from the CIG-run persistent universe, as a private server simply won't have the ability to do the complete background simulation). * ED is $70^1 for the base game. Star Citizen is $45^1 at the moment, but will up on release. Both games are buy-to-play with no subscription costs. ^1: I didn't check the current costs, may be out of date. * Alpha 2.0 is a gamechanger for Star Citizen. Many of the criticisms I've seen over the last 2 years pretty much get shot to shit with that release. I currently have trouble playing Elite Dangerous for any length of time, I just get bored of it too quickly now (that's not to say it's a bad game, some people really love it). Given the amount of content around Crusader in alpha 2.0, if that scales out to the entire SC universe, there's going to be a metric fuckton more to do in SC than ED. A lot of people rave about ED's PG galaxy, but after spending so much time in Space Engine I'm actually unimpressed by it. Many in the ED community feel the game was released too early (it didn't even release with multiplayer grouping support), and others feel FD should have spent more time flushing out the game. ED is a great skeleton or framework, but sadly at the moment lacks lasting appeal outside of die-hards. The good news is FD keeps pumping out updates and improvements. I'm personally still on the fence as to whether or not ED will have lasting appeal for many people after SC releases. It will really depend on FD's ability and desire to expand the gameplay mechanics instead of just tacking on more of them. Right now (to me) Elite feels a lot like a typical grindy sandbox MMO -lots of things to do, but nothing to really *do*. CIG is promising *a lot* with Star Citizen, including some interesting technical innovations. There's a lot of naysayers and most media just focuses on how much money it's brought in and doesn't mention the vast improvements it's made since the first alpha, the huge amount of top-tier talent CIG has working for them or the technical things they're doing like local overlayed physics grids, complete conversion of Cryengine to 64-bit (seriously.. CIG Germany employs like 1/3 ex-Crytech employees lol). The game's been called a scam and vapourware more times than I can count, and it's rather pathetic since it keeps releasing more and more content and improvements. Still remains to be seen if CIG pulls it off, but Alpha 2.0 is a massive step in the right direction. If you have any specific questions let me know.
&gt; I get the feeling it will be better for a combat sim, even if it's split up into different 'modes'. Luckily with Alpha 2.0 release that's no longer the case. It's all one game mode now :). AC still exists though and isn't going anywhere.
For Star Citizen you'll want an i7. The game is properly hyperthreaded and shows a marked performance improvement using an i7 over an i5 processor.
Be prepared for a 30 Gig download, and there's still performance problems server-side, but 2.0 was easily the biggest step forward in the game so far.
I use a full CH HOTAS.
Ok, thanks.
I *really* hope he takes someone up on their offer for a connie or something.. I'd love to see his reaction when he powers up that baby for the first time.
Will try that, thanks. Spent way to much time trying to figure this out.
Thanks for the advice. I'm just messing around on the KR server to figure the game out until the NA version is released. I had two sets of the stuff just from random mob killing, thought I'd make some coin while I was at it.
It has nothing to do with your setup (well, almost nothing -an i7 will perform better than an i5 due to SC being hyperthreaded). The problems are server-side and have something to do with how the GIM handles AI, and a couple of other things. Framerates have gotten somewhat better but more of the effort has been around server stability.
Basically same reason I stopped running crossfire. Performance increase just wasn't worth the cost when so few games really supported it, nor was it worth the hassle getting it to work in the games that didn't. I also think many people who go on about "1440p 60FPS OMG!!" really have never run a benchmark tool on their computer or done a framerate profile while they play.. either that or they're not maxing out, especially with the anti-aliasing. Getting 60FPS staring at a wall when 99% of the stuff is culled doesn't mean you're running the game at 60FPS.
Probably similar to how Microsoft has been "refocusing on PC" every year for the last decade, bringing such awesome user experiences to gamers like GFWL. Talk all you want EA. I'll believe it when I see it.
I have no love for EA, but to be fair, EA not putting their newer games through Steam had way more to do with Valve's ridged policies than it did any willingness on EA's part.
Seriously.. when did unskippable intro vids become a thing? I load up any of my games from the '90s and early 2000's and they're all skippable.
&gt; TBH it seems they are already putting their money where their mouth is with Origin customer support Agreed. I've had no issues with EA support.
As much as I like testing the PTU I just don't have the bandwidth to do it anymore :(
&gt; What people don't understand is that pirating was only profitable when the technology of the law was not so different from the tech of the pirates. Eh, not really. A navy sloop of war could almost always blow the living shit out of a pirate vessel, which were more often than not converted merchantmen of some sort. Very few pirates had ships that could stand up to even a small navy ship -say nothing of the morale and skill difference of the crews (especially true in the case of the Royal Navy). Even when pirates captured powerfully armed ships they'd often pull off cannon. Cannons were big, heavy, expensive to arm (gunpowder was NOT a cheap commodity -this is one reason very few navies trained with live fire), and took up weight and deckspace that was better dedicated to something else (like provisions, cargo, etc., or just to make a ship more seaworthy). There were of course notable exceptions but they were exceptions, not the rule. What made piracy rampant was the social, economic, and political environment in the mid-late 17th and early 18th centuries. Piracy started to decline because of changes in the sociopolitical landscape, such as the Treaty of Utrecht which had the effect of basically ending privateering. This also had the effect of making most piracy illegal *everywhere*, meaning pirates no longer had safe ports. Other economic factors also came into play. It actually had very little to do with military technology.
&gt; Serious question, what do you want from Microsoft? A little effort to not force XBL bullshit into the PC gaming market would be nice. MS only got serious about DX12 when AMD started developing Vulcan and they realized very quickly DX9/11 was going to be relegated to the trashcan.
Nearly the entire Sims 3 collection was on sale on Steam over Christmas. I picked up the base game and 4 or 5 expansions for like $50.
Steam keys for products also on Origin work in Origin.
If you're *really* interested in the trading end of it, nothing beats X3. Go for Albion Prelude as it's the most patched and up-to-date version.
https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/download/details.aspx?id=17851
In a nutshell: It allows a ship to be a fully interactive, *self contained* environment that functions *independently* of any other physics grid in the map. This means player interactions within a ship don't have to be synced to the global physics grid or to any other clients not on that grid. It also means each ship can have a separate physics system that operates independently, even if it's using the same rules. That's what allows ships to fly in different orientations with gravity still acting "down" relative to the ship, when other ships and stations are oriented different directions. It will also allow you to shut off or change the rules of gravity in one location or ship without effecting any other.. with everything existing in the same worldspace. You can't accomplish any of those with a global or traditional physics grid system.
&gt; said they it was delayed Something SC related delayed? I don't believe you.
Download is about ~26GB right now IIRC. Loading times in 2.0 are vastly improved. Still takes a bit though, but considering you only see one loading screen, it's not too bad.
You can walk around. In the Universe mode you actually spawn in your sleeping room on Port Olisar. Planetary landings are not included. They developed the technology for it less than 3 months ago, so we likely won't see it in the game for a while.
I'm not sure Malagos himself does vids of just himself combat flying. They may be out there but I don't know of any off the top of my head. I know he's one of the best because I've played with and against him numerous times, and he's consistently on the top of the AC leaderboards.
Squadron 42 is going to be a full single-player game, like the old Wing Commander and FreeSpace games. Star Citizen is the online, persistent universe sandbox. The original plan was that SQ42 would be a precursor to SC, and the player would muster out and be a citizen in the universe. Since both games have been expanded CIG hasn't gone into a ton of detail on how exactly SQ42 links to SC now.
I have a 3570k and performance isn't bad. SC bogs sometimes on i5 processors right now as the game is fully hyperthreaded and doesn't play nice with i5 processors.
&gt; It took 10 minutes (7200RPM SATA 3 HDD) to load That's an exaggeration. Star Citizen hasn't taken 10 minutes to load in ages (yea, it did at one point, but hasn't for like... a year). If it's taking that long my guess is your drive is in use doing something else, or you've only got 8 Gigs of RAM. &gt; hub world with lots to see, and nothing to do [Nothing to do? Seriously?](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/feature-list) If you're having trouble figuring stuff out you can always just ask in chat. &gt; The Hangar contains the supposed space ship we're allowed as noobs, but the damn thing slips and clips and slides into the ground before I can press the Use key (which is default 'F'. why?). This happens in the hangar? That sounds like a bug. Might be worth filing a bug report if you can repeat it and get it on vid. The 'F' key and whole "use" thing is legacy Cryengine. It's going away within 1 or 2 major updates. &gt;I have a quad-core and a 970 but get 1080/30 on High settings. Poorly optimized, or no official drivers yet? A few things at play. If you're running an i5, Star Citizen performance is worse. It's hyperthreaded and currently doesn't play as nice with i5 CPUs. There's some FPS issues server-side, due to massive amounts of telemetry and a few lingering issues with the Global Instance Manager. Slowdowns on the server actually cause FPS slowdowns for the client. Don't expect to pull constant 60FPS out of a 970 in Star Citizen, even when things are running fine. Part of that is due to the game not being optimized (c'mon man, it's in alpha -real alpha, not fake early access almost ready for release alpha), part of it is due to the game just being a killer on GPUs.
Yea if OP's system is actually taking 10 minutes to load the game s/he's got problems elseware.
&gt; Not even including having a car in that. And before anyone jumps on the "just take public transit" bullshit bandwagon, public transit in many places in North America is somewhere between "crap" and "non-existent". Especially if you can't afford to live within a reasonable transit distance to work (many places near transit lines/stations are significantly more expensive than ones that aren't). And it's easy to say "just walk further/ride your bike to the station" when you don't have four months of winter that can hit -40 or colder for days or weeks on end. Combine that with plenty of jobs that can and will reprimand you for being late in the middle of a snowstorm and it's an awesome shit sandwich.
It will "work". A 960M is *really* weak though and I wouldn't bet on having anything close to good framerates, even at the lowest resolution.
Why would they even start to do optimization passes on an alpha build?
&gt; Star Citizen is supposed to be on the PS4 right? No. CR said he'd consider looking into it if Sony changes a bunch of their policies, which there isn't a snowball's change in hell they're going to do.
Well, alpha, etc. Performance keeps improving. The constant 30 gig patches are getting tiresome thouh.
Lack of freedom to update whenever they want to and no cross-platforn play are the two biggest ones.
Roughly equivalent to a 970. Powerful but not over the top. SC was never designed to perform on lower tier hardware.
Then don't play Star Citizen. It was never, ever pitched as a game for low end machines. Right from Day 1 it was going to push the technical limits of PC gaming. This has been a secret to exactly no one. But I have a feeling you already know this, considering you're in almost every thread about SC on PCMR finding *something* about the game to complain about.
&gt; It's not just a GPU though, is it? Eventually you'll run into incompability and have to upgrade the whole PC, no? *Eventually*.. eventually being when an entire new architecture (like a new bus) comes out, like PCI -&gt; AGP -&gt; PCI-E. The progression from PCI to AGP was about a decade, and PCI-E has been the standard since 2004. Modern drivers do wonders at pulling performance out of older cards, too. Processors are actually where you'll encounter your hardware incompatibility first. But if you're not aiming to be on the cutting edge a good motherboard and processor can last you a long time. I'm still using one that was originally released in April 2012. If I wasn't aiming to upgrade for Star Citizen in a year or two, I could probably stick with this processor (or at least the motherboard) for another 3-4 years.
I don't think i said anything of the sort.
The very last official patch to skyrim messed up the timing with syncing mouth animations and voice. There's a mod to fix that. Not sure about the control one.. never encountered it myself.
Overall I still think it's the best of the entire Elder Scrolls series, stock or modded. Both Skyrim and Oblivion have things they do better, but Morrowind is the deepest and most interesting game out of the three.
&gt; I also am using MSI afterburner to overclock my cpu but i am not aware if that affects skyrim or not I hope you have a cooling pad or something. With graphics mods and everything cranked up you're going to be pumping a ton of heat out of the laptop, and that's going to throttle your performance.
&gt; Where is proof beyond us fan boys saying it's being implemented The *mechanics* are being implemented in 2.0. Want proof? *Load up 2.0 and go play it*. &gt; Last I've heard is Chris Roberts is happy with the current FPS and we've had "Star Marine" all along...? Is this not correct? Dude, there's literally a dozen posts in this thread explaining the context to you.
&gt; and it's improvements that came along with it **THEY ARE BEING PUT INTO 2.0**.
&gt; Star Marine and Arena Commander are supposed to be a "video game within a video game" giving players a chance to test their skills in a competitive environment. That's the in-game explanation to keep them in there. Originally, before the unified baby-PU released, the purpose of both was implementation and testing of their respective mechanics. Since nearly all modules have now been combined, that purpose is redundant and has shifted to the baby-PU. Hence why Star Marine is no longer high priority. From a development standpoint it's purpose is being fulfilled by the baby-PU.
&gt; I have some mod installed that adds in new enemy spawns, and I also have a mod that adds in modern firearms (which enemies can drop) From that limited information it sounds like you should be fine.
What mod gets rid of that stupid auto target when making an attack? I totally need that.
Sadface :(
I be jealous. The pedals are the only part of my HOTAS I'm kinda "meh" about.
Implying that they're at work while browsing reddit :P
CrinsonShrike is exactly right. Developement of the unified "mini-PU" outpaced development of the dedicated FPS module. It got to the point where it no longer made sense for CIG to test everything in a separate module when they'd have to integrate it into the PU anyway. So the mechanics, 0g, weapons, etc. are all being integrated into the unified PU instead of a separate module that would really serve no purpose. So when CIG says they "delayed it indefinitely" basically what they meant is they just put the module itself way on the back burner, since it was no longer needed for implementing and testing the FPS mechanics.
Up until things really started to break (or, I guess, until everything else just got a hell of a lot better) the 325 was my favorite ship. I hope the rework serves it well.
Personally I've never actually had that work.
FreeSpace 2 on PC. Probably the best modding community I've ever seen, going on 17 years now.
Modding is generally counter-intuitive to the current big AAA development trend. Mods lengthen the shelf life of a game. If you're making Call of BattleShooty 146 for release a year after Call of BattleShooty 145, you certainly don't want to * a) Do anything that's going to increase the shelf life of Call of BattleShooty 145, and * b) Spend money on making modtools or good mod support when you can spend that money on marketing and sell another half-million copies instead. As long as cross-platform development is the norm I don't think you're going to see many games with good mainstream mod support. Just look at battlefield... it's no coincidence that the first version with no dedicated servers and practically zero mod support was also the first version to release on console systems.
Oh shit! How could we forget about that one! Oh, and Homeworld. EDIT... ..annnd I just looked at my steam list.. probably 30+ games on there with active modding communities lol.
Visual identifacation. It's not like ATC can order a drone to squawk a code. And airports have very little ability to track small objects. Without a transponder aircraft are very difficult to spot on secondary surveillance radar, let alone identify. Most people don't realize a 747 has a smaller rader profile than a transport truck. Imagine how hard an aerodynamic object the size of a smart car is to detect.
Exactly. I've had the best luck getting into iPhones by pulling the backup file from the user's computer and cracking *that*. Also tricking the iPhone into thinking it was syncing with the user's computer when I plugged it in after pulling the pairing keys from the subject's computer.
A lot of PC gamers in general think OEM coolers are pieces of shit. Especially if you have good airflow in your case there's nothing wrong with a properly installed OEM cooler on a stock processor. The people who design them aren't cheap idiots. If you're OCing or have a hot case, you may need an aftermarket solution. The whole "stock coolers are shit" attitude came from the early days of OCing where even a slight bit really shot up temps and people were nuking componets on stock coolers. For some reason it's an attitude that stays around.
CIG already told us why they went with Cryengine. Best at the time for what they wanted to do.
Agree. I'm using an MSI right now. Best laptop I've owned. Will also run SC. ASUS is also a good contender.
It's not just about insurance. It's also about learning how to properly handle a two-ton death machine.
Looks like Reavers got their hands on a *Lucifer*-class Destroyer.
GOG is probably the best digital distribution site on the net. It was founded by CD Projekt Red -the guys that made The Witcher series.
Depends on the game. Some games have a specific steam client version that will not interact with other versions of the game. These are pretty rare, though.
IIRC you can do this in the Evochron games.
It's not intentional. There's a shitton of data being synced to the clients and servers right now, forcing the clients to slow down. Basically *all* updates are being sent to each and every client, forcing the clients to sort through what's relevant and what isn't. This is not intentional. CIG is aware of some of the problems and they're trying to track them down.
Uh, yea, all in game items (including ships) are $0... $45 if you count having to buy the game. You can, if you want, drop real money on different ships. They're available in game without doing it, it's just for funding. You have to remember Star Citizen is 100% crowd funded, zero investor or publisher money, so buying ships is their funding method. Zero reason to do it if you don't want to though above the purchase cost of the game.
A flat spin is different. In order to recover from a spin you need air flowing over the rudder. In a flat spin you don't have that (or at least not enough for rudder authority), so short of a *very* abrupt upset you're not going to recover from one. A properly loaded, stable aircraft is almost impossible to put into a flat spin.
&gt; I know you want to know what to do in times of need but hats seems so dangerous Spins are actually pretty mundane. It's a very stable maneuver, and as long as you apply proper and timely recovery techniques the only thing it's going to cost you is some altitude. They're not that "scary" either once you understand what's going on aerodynamically. IMO they're pretty nifty. The main reason we practice spins is to recognize the impending conditions, so you take corrective action before you're even in one. Even still the recovery is very straight forward. Spiral dives are much more dangerous. I always hated doing those.
I can get in it, but that's it.
&gt; Do you believe the poor graphical performance is also being caused by the patch instability? Yes. The servers are pushing *all* updates to the clients currently, forcing the clients to cull and sort out what's important and what isn't. This is slowing down the clients. Poor framerate canbe caused by more than just GPU performance.
I know I know.. everyone is going to say "it's alpha!" bla bla bla. Look at the flair.. I'm an OB, I've been here a long time, so shut up. 2.4 is a buggy mess compared to the last few patches. There's zero wrong with pointing that out, as long as reports are filed. I wish I had shadowplay running while I was screwing around with it. I could have gotten enough footage for 10 bug reports in less than 10 minutes. The amount of bugs in 2.4 compared to 2.3 is rather astounding. And that was just around Port Olisar, since I can't fly anywhere at 12 FPS. Found some new bugs in the hangar too, though I think all of those are related to the new interaction system. I really do wish I had shadowplay running though, I really liked running around outside in a ballcap :)
Like I said, kind of wish I had shadowplay running.
I'm making an observation. 2.4 is buggy as fuck, moreso than 2.1, 2.2, or 2.3. The fact that SC is alpha does not magically make that fact any less true, nor does it mean that it can't be stated. Hell, have a read through the official feedback thread. 2.4 is messy.
I'm sure I could. Not sure what your point is?
Well, they're fixing it, it taking a while. i don't think CIG "isn't doing anything".. I'm pretty sure they're working their asses of. Still.. I agree with a ton of the posters in the Feedback thread. I don't think 2.4 was ready for live, server issues aside.
CIG uses GCE.
Since when? Whenever I play with a friend we always switch off at Cryastro with one repairing and the other flying CAP because of how often one gets jumped there. I've been attacked at Cryastro more than Kareah.
&gt; Failure to complete the game is one thing. But failure to complete the game and not knowing where the money went is another. How does this set Star Citizen apart from *any other crowdfunded game, EVER*? No seriously. Tell me why Star Citizen gets singled out in this regard. &gt; Are people really going to take CIG's word for it about the financials even though history proves humans will do illegal and unethical shit even with controls in place? Why wouldn't we? SC is significantly more open than 99% of other crowdfunded projects. We know more inside information about its development than practically any other game developed, EVER. Again, why is it uniquely singled out for this? &gt; You would be totally ok with the games current state if you knew say 20 million of the spent funds had not been spent on game development? A statement like that ignores the history of the funding, and just looks at the total amount raised and current studio size as if they started at that point. They did not.
It isn't.
Bought it because a friend kept raving about it and bugging me to get it and play it with him and another friend. Most boring game I've ever played. Every time i finished a turn it was 10+ minutes of waiting for the other two to finish their turns. This carried on for like 4 hours or more. I know it's probably a good game I just have zero desire to go play it again after that.
Oh look, another "I can't actually argue my point, so I'll resort to a completely irrelevant attack" argument.
Exactly this. I have a Connie, but I fully expect to spend a lot of time in my single-seater just to build up some coin to fuel and arm the larger ship. Not to mention the multi-person crew requirement.
With graphics fully cranked in that game sometimes i have to remind myself that it's a DX9 game. The lighting especially is amazing.
I've wanted to get into the DCS games, almost pulled the trigger on the MiG-15 a couple of times. I just don't feel i have the time to really learn a hardcore flight sim anymore.
Why would you want this game to fail?
FreeSpace 2 SCP. Best space combat sim ever made. Starlancer is great if you can find a copy. Probably the best of the Roberts' brothers military space opera games. Though it may not run on new systems. Evochron games. X:3, Albion Prelude. Steep learning curve but very cool game.
lol
Oh ok so you're just making shit up.
I've waited so long for this ship.. it had better be fucking epic!
Thinking that American industrial support didn't have a significant impact on WWII is naive.
Out of all the bullshit clutter posts on this sub, I find it hilarious you choose bug reports to complain about. The issue council is for reporting bugs. If you want discussion *about* bugs, including potential solutions and work arounds, Reddit is much better.
Good sticks are expensive. Very much like comparing a cheap $12 keyboard to a $150 mechanical one. The cheap one "works", but you don't realize how shitty it is until you type on the expensive mechanical one. There is a complete night-and-day difference between a cheap stick and a more expensive one. Some of the problems you get with cheap sticks: * Deadzone. That is, a "dead" area around the centre where you get no reaction from movement of the stick. Better sticks have zero deadzone. * Quality. Better sticks are just built better. Unlike mice, a joystick is a mechanical device that gets a lot more abuse when gaming. Cheap sticks don't stand up to abuse very well. The best quality sticks (CH Products) can last 15 years and still function like the day they were bought. Cheaper sticks sometimes don't even make it 6 months before they start to develop issues. Cheaper sticks sometimes even have buttons that are DOA or don't work properly after a very short period of time. * Precision. Cheap sticks have shit internals (with the exception of the T16000m). They're not precise. They don't calibrate well, they'll develop 'spiking' over time (spiking is a quick and uncommanded "blip" in the stick's motion). Expensive sticks use significantly higher quality internals, and the motion on them is much smoother. This means it's easier to game with. Imagine using a mouse that would randomly move your cursor a couple of inches every now and then. That's what joystick spiking is like. * Expensive sticks have better control software. Far, FAR too many people underestimate the usefulness of a joystick's control software. This software lets you do things like assign keymaps for programs, macros, custom sensitivity and response curves, axis reassignment or axis inversion, and depending on the software other more complex functions. Saitek's is decent, Thrustmaster's TARGET is very good and CH Product's Control Manager is widely considered the best on the market. * Expensive sticks have better resale value. You can probably reclaim 80-90% of what you spent on a good stick or HOTAS if it's lightly used and you decide you don't like it. I've seen 5 year old CH gear go for a mere $20-$40 less than brand new stuff. --------------------------------------------- /u/kalnaren's standard "Need HOTAS Advice" post: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * Mad Catz/Saitek AV8R: I would consider this the bottom-of-the-barrel entry. MSRP is around $30 so you're not going to find anything cheaper. Poor design, throttles in very awkward position. Cheaply made, few buttons. Ambidextrous. I believe this was originally made as a PS3 controller. No longer in production. Probably best to avoid. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY V1: Saitek's new bottom-of-the-barrel entry. Very new stick, not much info available. Allows alt/shifted functions, which is a nice feature to see on a cheap stick. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY 5: Better than the above. Much more customizable. IMO expensive stick for what you get, especially if you're in Europe and can get VKB stuff. Better throttle placement than the AV8R. Might be worth looking into if you find most sticks uncomfortable. * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: IMO best budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite though. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. Anecdotal evidence seems to suggest components in the system starts to fail around 600-700 hours of use. **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). IMO best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, so still requires re-calibration every now and then, but they're excellent quality pots, so you won't run into the spiking and drift issues common to cheaper sticks. Modeled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. Various reports of stick suffering from stiction issues. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). I've heard conflicting reports as to whether or not the Defender Cobra M5 is still in production. Either way it's hard to get a hold of. **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m (or two T16000m sticks if all you play is SC/ED) * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup. Unless you're playing a shitton of jet sims, then probably the warthog. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Smooth but stiff motion with very abrupt centering. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * VKB T-rudder MkII pedals: Responsive pedals with a simple push down action (adjustable), but with no toe pedals. All metal, well constructed and not insanely priced. A mid-tier step between Saitek/CH Pedals and MFG or Slaw device. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $500-$600. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. **Twist vs. No Twist** This is largely an issue of personal preference, and there's valid points of view for it either way. I'll outline a couple based on my own experience: Pros of Twist: * Saves real-estate. * Twist sticks are widely available by comparison. * Don't need to invest in pedals. * Arguably easier to use. Cons of Twist: * Axis bleed is a real issue. * Torqueing motion is unnatural for the wrist, and it can start to ache after longer gaming sessions. * Not as accurate as pedals. * Generally leads to weaker stick. * Can exasperate calibration issues. After switching to a non-twist stick and getting pedals I'll never go back, but again, personal preference. Also, /r/hotas -------------------- As for the Saitek ones being developed for SC, I'm very much in the "Wait and see" category. Saitek's quality control since Mad Catz bought them has been spotty at best, and in the HOTAS arena they're not known for high quality.
&gt; A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used **CAD regional pricing** as a guide. With import fees, that would work out to around $520 CAD ;)
With a single stick you'll still need a keyboard. With a full HOTAS system (stick, throttle, pedals) you can get about 99% of the controls on the system.
No prob. I haven't updated the pricing in a while I should probably go through it anyway.
They're actually based on the x65, without pressure sensing.
&gt;* Is the game getting major updates? Yes. In fact, last week they just put in persistence. Last December they put in "2.0", which is basically a mini-PU environment. The entire Crusader system. 1 planet, 3 moons, and about a dozen stations (including comm arrays). This includes space ship combat, quantum jumps around the system (the map is 1 million Km aside), rearm and repair, basic bounty and crime system, and a bunch of other stuff. [See this page here.](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/feature-list) * How far off is the actually completed game? For both Star Citizen and SQ42? Probably 2 years. SQ42 itself should be 6-8 months. * Are the devs focusing on development or just keeping the fans happy? Both. They've made some significant progress in the last 8 months. Much of it is backend, "under the hood" stuff. This unfortunately leads some people to think they're not doing much. * What is the major opinion from the fan base about the current state of the game? I think most people are Ok with it. The majority of backers knew they were getting into a game that wouldn't be done for a long time. There's some annoyance about the continued network problems. RSI currently has over a million accounts. It is if course impossible to please that many people all the time. * What ever happened to the theft of money accusations? They went absolutely nowhere, because like most things Derek Smart spews out, they were bullshit with zero evidence to back them up. The Escapist didn't even do their promised "follow up" article. * Is the game getting close to anything originally promised? Very much so. 2.0 was an awesome update. It was the start of seeing the grand vision slowly coming together. * What is the games current version number and status (alpha or beta)? Alpha 2.4.0. &gt;I look forward to hearing an update and reading all the comments. Thanks in advance. No prob.
It just doesn't work properly. Sometimes it doesn't spawn correctly (missing components), ladder and door don't always work properly, EVA transition doesn't always work properly, armour and shields don't always work properly, lots of other things. It's the oldest model currently in the game. In desperate need of updating.
It's a Mad Catz product. I'd be amazed if it had anything higher quality than old margarine tubs.
&gt; I had completely forgotten about that. Where ever you filed MWO away to forget about it... go put it back.
This, so much. Load up FreeSpace, Privateer, Starlancer, X-Wing/TIE Fighter, whatever. Turn off your speakers. Now tell me how much fun the game is.
And people are always asking for examples when I say the 325 is a broken mess right now.
So... How's LoD going?
Look up the history of Line of Defense. Derek Smart's masterpiece that he claims does everything Star Citizen is aiming to do, only better... and has been in beta for (IIRC) 6 years and is completely unplayable. A German game dev sight did a review of it a while back (as much as they could) and DS had a mental shitfit over it. I didn't address any of the points because there's zero need to. Derek Smart is considered a laughing stock in the game dev industry. On top of that he's had a personal vendetta against Chris Roberts that goes back more than *twenty years*. He threatened to sue Origin Systems before they released Wing Commander for "stealing his ideas" (it's worth noting that Origin released 3 Wing Commander games before DS managed to get BC3K out... and BC3K is considered one of the worst games ever made), and proceeded to harass them until they were bought out by EA. DS is a massive egomaniac who's about as much of an authority on game development as a paving stone is on astrophysics. Here's one lovely tidbit about DS and his vendetta against SC: He claimed he filed a BBB (or the American equivalent.. the name escapes me at the moment) complaint against Cloud Imperium for running a scam. When a SC community member contacted the Bureau, he discovered no such complaint was filed, and posted it. DS again has a shitfit, reviewed the poster's reddit history and discovered he was suffering from depression, and then proceeded to ridicule and make fun of said user for it. The guy is a real piece of shit. EDIT: Words.
[Here's one](https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/3oa21c/sc_just_released_this_trailer_makes_me_wish_we/cvvnqkn). [Here's another](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TwjXC628cs) (Make sure you know the relationship between Smart, Finnegan, and The Escapist). I have a two-post thing where I tore The Escapist article apart point-by-point, if you *really* want it I'll go find it. Thought it was saved in my post history but apparently not. And the reason those are all refutes to The Escapist article is because that article is nearly a copy-paste of shit from DS's blog on Star Citizen. And I didn't initially bother addressing the points because nobody (except, apparently, Finnegan and some people on Reddit) take DS seriously. It's like going to the Onion as a news source, except not intentionally bullshit. [Oops, another](http://massivelyop.com/2015/07/14/derek-smart-calls-for-investigation-of-star-citizens-finances-presents-chris-roberts-with-list-of-demands/). I just can't stop.. evening googleing "Derek Smart Star Citizen" is page after page of his personal vendetta against SC and how bullshit it is. [Here's one straight from CIG](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/transmission/14979-Chairmans-Response-To-The-Escapist).
I found sims 3 loads faster on my gaming rig, but really doesn't run any better than it does on my laptop.
&gt; and most monitors were 30hz anyway I've never owned a CRT that did less than 70. I can always tell when a CRT is operating at 60hz, it gives me eyestrain. The last two CRTs I owned were 85hz. This is going back to the mid-90's.
Hey, Nothing to add, but I just discovered your mods today (after years of modding no idea how I missed them). Absolutely wonderful mods.
^ this. OP, it's your ENB preset.
I think the new one is a pretty awesome mod, but it's heavy as fuck. I wouldn't plan on running many other script mods with it.
It's more of a limitation of the engine than it is of your rig. As the other guy said, faster single core performance will help, but you have to remember Skyrim is built on, essentially, 7+ year old technology.
Might be better to ask over on /r/buildapc or /r/pcmasterrace
In addition to what the other guy said, MO also has much better conflict resolution. NMM simply overwrites files in whatever order they were installed. This can be incredibly difficult if you're trying to resolve load order conflicts or overwritten dependencies. Because MO uses a virtual folder structure you can add, remove, and move things around easily.
Anyone know if something like this exists for parrots? Edit: Preferably in Canuckistan.
Awesome, thanks.
Fly a Constellation with a HOTAS in decoupled mode. Small fighters in SC are small and responsive. They're tiny ships, and handle like it. It's like flying Vipers from BSG. The larger vessels handle more like the ships in ED... which are all giant compared to the fighters in SC.
They rotate very quickly, but they absolutely have mass. You can flip a gladius 180 degrees is maybe 2.5 seconds, but you'll still be moving at full speed in your original direction until your engines cancel your vector. Thrusters in SC are quite powerful which makes undamaged lighter ships quick to maneuver. Once they take damage, when you start losing thrusters and your inertial moments get all fucked up because pieces of your ship get blown off you really start to appreciate your ship's mass and balance.
That's not seemless. That's a loading screen dropping you into a separate instance.
It's digital to digital so it shouldn't.
It's still a separate instance. In SC, a guy walking around on the planet exists in the same worldspace as a guy walking around on a ship in orbit. The transitions in ED can be quite jarring, especially when it takes 5 seconds or more to load the instance and your stuck in that transition screen. The QT jumps in SC are significantly smoother.
But that's the thing with Star Citizen.. You *can* interact. While your ship is in QT you can get out of your chair, you can walk around, you can be intercepted, etc. Same with flying down to a planet. It's never pulling the player out or removing the ship and player from the worldspace. Abd transition times in ED are absolutely not almost instantaneous. I've had them take 20 seconds or more. It's highly dependent on the P2P connection of everyone in the instance.
You just said you can't interact anyway so it doesn't matter. Pick an argument. And the FPS issue in Star Citizen has nothing to do with the speed of client connections. It's a different issue. Nice try though.
I'd also like to point out that this happened *twice*. Once after being fully funded, and again about a year later, with the same result. Funding continued because backers wanted it to.
Awesome setup, though i do wonder with dropping that kind of money why he's using an X52.
I've also experienced this in the exact same area. Framedrops not that severe as I'm running on a dedicated gaming rig, but easily took a 50% hit there. Doesn't happen all the time and I haven't noticed it in my current playthrough (yet). Assuming that's your entire mod list, I didn't have any of those mods installed when the issue came up, so I guess that can partially rule that out. I was never able to figure out what caused it. Happened when I looked toward Whiterun, but it didn't matter if I looked at the ground or sky. I wonder if it's an engine error not properly culling something. Can't offer any solutions but your suffering isn't unique only to you lol.
Autosave/manualsave whatever doesn't matter, it's the same mechanism. It is possible I guess for something corrupted to make its way into the save game. I've seen that happen before. Any earlier saves you can restore to? Might also try maybe making a clean save?
SC is multithreaded. You want an i7.
They always were compatible. I've been using my CH gear since day 1. I use the CH Control Manager to set up my controls for the HOTAS. For FPS play I move my hands 6" back to the mouse and keyboard.
Same thing. They're not going to suddenly replace all the 1k and 2k textures they're using with 4k and 8k just because. With the techniques being used in SC there's very little reason to use 4k and 8k textures across the board. It won't gain you much in terms of fidelity and will really hurt performance.
Significantly higher injury and death in the workplace. Higher to significantly higher victims of violent crime. Higher amount of homelessness. Practically non-existant support for male victims of abuse. Higher rate of suicide. The incredibly disproportionate treatment of men and women accused of sexual assault or sexual harassment. Just off the top of my head.
I keep being told that, but at least in Canada actions are quite to the contrary. And no, his argument is that fighting for issues that also happen to benefit men is a convenient side effect and not in any way an objective and that it's disingenuous to claim otherwise. It seems many people in this thread are taking that argument to somehow devalue the positive effects those actions have had on men and/or women.
&gt; No no, I get that. But why the hell have they mapped ROLL to twist??? Roll is twist, and yaw is stick left/right? What kind of sense does that make...ever... Actually, in the context of space sims, it makes a ton of sense. This is the way nearly all classic space sims are mapped (Starlancer, Wing Commander, FreeSpace, X-Wing/TIE Fighter, Privateer, etc.). Elite is actually the outlier in this regard. The mindset is *stick left, go left.* In Elite you have *one* dominant directional control, and that's pitch. In Star Citizen, you have *two* dominant directional controls, and that's yaw and pitch. So you map your dominant directional controls to your primary axis. In fact, I often try and encourage new SC players to get out of the "bank and yank" mindset, as rolling in SC does you absolutely nothing in terms of changing direction (same with Elite, though because you really only have pitch to work with, it doesn't leave you much choice). In terms of atmo flight, the exact same principle applies. In planes your dominant directional controls are roll and pitch. Your dominant directional controls go on your primary control axis. Because a plane will go left when you roll left, the mindset of *stick left, go left* still applies. You really have to get it out of your mind that you're flying an aeroplane (because you're not), and get into the mindset of what makes sense for *directional control*. Having said that, if having roll on your third axis really bothers you, you can always remap it. Though I encourage everyone to give it a try. IMO it is quite superior to yaw on your third axis. For myself I have roll on my pedals, in both SC and Elite. For SC for the reasons I stated above, and for Elite because gunnery is vastly more accurate manipulating the little yaw control I do have on my stick. While I don't claim to be a sniper, I would not be able to achieve [this kind of accuracy](https://youtu.be/r4n0HcVxMVQ?t=69) with twist stick or even on pedals.
Starfight VI: Gatekeepers. Old game but damn still awesome with an amazing soundtrack (it was done by the guy that did Angry Birds soundtrack).
Uh, you know how Good Old Games got started, right?
I'm just going to piggyback on this to suggest the game Diaspora was made from: FreeSpace 2 SCP. FreeSpace 2 is widely considered the best space combat sim ever made. Any fan of the genre owes it to themselves to play FS2 SCP with the MediaVP addons. &gt; "The game engine only allows for one peripheral." Indeed, this is a limitation of the FS2 engine. If you have CH or Thrustmaster stuff, you can use the CM or TARGET respectively to combine all your physical devices into a single logical device. If you're not using TM or CH stuff, you can use Vjoy to do it.
&gt; and what flight sticks do you recommend. Good sticks are expensive. Very much like comparing a cheap $12 keyboard to a $150 mechanical one. The cheap one "works", but you don't realize how shitty it is until you type on the expensive mechanical one. There is a complete night-and-day difference between a cheap stick and a more expensive one. Some of the problems you get with cheap sticks: * Deadzone. That is, a "dead" area around the centre where you get no reaction from movement of the stick. Better sticks have zero deadzone. * Quality. Better sticks are just built better. Unlike mice, a joystick is a mechanical device that gets a lot more abuse when gaming. Cheap sticks don't stand up to abuse very well. The best quality sticks (CH Products) can last 15 years and still function like the day they were bought. Cheaper sticks sometimes don't even make it 6 months before they start to develop issues. Cheaper sticks sometimes even have buttons that are DOA or don't work properly after a very short period of time. * Precision. Cheap sticks have shit internals (with the exception of the T16000m). They're not precise. They don't calibrate well, they'll develop 'spiking' over time (spiking is a quick and uncommanded "blip" in the stick's motion). Expensive sticks use significantly higher quality internals, and the motion on them is much smoother. This means it's easier to game with. Imagine using a mouse that would randomly move your cursor a couple of inches every now and then. That's what joystick spiking is like. * Expensive sticks have better control software. Far, FAR too many people underestimate the usefulness of a joystick's control software. This software lets you do things like assign keymaps for programs, macros, custom sensitivity and response curves, axis reassignment or axis inversion, and depending on the software other more complex functions. Saitek's is decent, Thrustmaster's TARGET is very good and CH Product's Control Manager is widely considered the best on the market. * Expensive sticks have better resale value. You can probably reclaim 80-90% of what you spent on a good stick or HOTAS if it's lightly used and you decide you don't like it. I've seen 5 year old CH gear go for a mere $20-$40 less than brand new stuff. --------------------------------------------- /u/kalnaren's standard "Need HOTAS Advice" post: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * Mad Catz/Saitek AV8R: I would consider this the bottom-of-the-barrel entry. MSRP is around $30 so you're not going to find anything cheaper. Poor design, throttles in very awkward position. Cheaply made, few buttons. Ambidextrous. I believe this was originally made as a PS3 controller. No longer in production. Probably best to avoid. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY V1: Saitek's new bottom-of-the-barrel entry. Very new stick, not much info available. Allows alt/shifted functions, which is a nice feature to see on a cheap stick. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY 5: Better than the above. Much more customizable. IMO expensive stick for what you get, especially if you're in Europe and can get VKB stuff. Better throttle placement than the AV8R. Might be worth looking into if you find most sticks uncomfortable. * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: IMO best budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite though. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. Anecdotal evidence seems to suggest components in the system starts to fail around 600-700 hours of use. **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). IMO best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, so still requires re-calibration every now and then, but they're excellent quality pots, so you won't run into the spiking and drift issues common to cheaper sticks. Modeled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. Various reports of stick suffering from stiction issues. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). I've heard conflicting reports as to whether or not the Defender Cobra M5 is still in production. Either way it's hard to get a hold of. **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m (or two T16000m sticks if all you play is SC/ED) * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup. Unless you're playing a shitton of jet sims, then probably the warthog. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Smooth but stiff motion with very abrupt centering. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * VKB T-rudder MkII pedals: Responsive pedals with a simple push down action (adjustable), but with no toe pedals. All metal, well constructed and not insanely priced. A mid-tier step between Saitek/CH Pedals and MFG or Slaw device. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $500-$600. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. **Twist vs. No Twist** This is largely an issue of personal preference, and there's valid points of view for it either way. I'll outline a couple based on my own experience: Pros of Twist: * Saves real-estate. * Twist sticks are widely available by comparison. * Don't need to invest in pedals. * Arguably easier to use. Cons of Twist: * Axis bleed is a real issue. * Torqueing motion is unnatural for the wrist, and it can start to ache after longer gaming sessions. * Not as accurate as pedals. * Generally leads to weaker stick. * Can exasperate calibration issues. After switching to a non-twist stick and getting pedals I'll never go back, but again, personal preference. Also, /r/hotas -------------------- As for the Saitek ones being developed for SC, I'm very much in the "Wait and see" category. Saitek's quality control since Mad Catz bought them has been spotty at best, and in the HOTAS arena they're not known for high quality.
Cool, thanks for the answer.
Good sticks are expensive. Very much like comparing a cheap $12 keyboard to a $150 mechanical one. The cheap one "works", but you don't realize how shitty it is until you type on the expensive mechanical one. There is a complete night-and-day difference between a cheap stick and a more expensive one. Some of the problems you get with cheap sticks: * Deadzone. That is, a "dead" area around the centre where you get no reaction from movement of the stick. Better sticks have zero deadzone. * Quality. Better sticks are just built better. Unlike mice, a joystick is a mechanical device that gets a lot more abuse when gaming. Cheap sticks don't stand up to abuse very well. The best quality sticks (CH Products) can last 15 years and still function like the day they were bought. Cheaper sticks sometimes don't even make it 6 months before they start to develop issues. Cheaper sticks sometimes even have buttons that are DOA or don't work properly after a very short period of time. * Precision. Cheap sticks have shit internals (with the exception of the T16000m). They're not precise. They don't calibrate well, they'll develop 'spiking' over time (spiking is a quick and uncommanded "blip" in the stick's motion). Expensive sticks use significantly higher quality internals, and the motion on them is much smoother. This means it's easier to game with. Imagine using a mouse that would randomly move your cursor a couple of inches every now and then. That's what joystick spiking is like. * Expensive sticks have better control software. Far, FAR too many people underestimate the usefulness of a joystick's control software. This software lets you do things like assign keymaps for programs, macros, custom sensitivity and response curves, axis reassignment or axis inversion, and depending on the software other more complex functions. Saitek's is decent, Thrustmaster's TARGET is very good and CH Product's Control Manager is widely considered the best on the market. * Expensive sticks have better resale value. You can probably reclaim 80-90% of what you spent on a good stick or HOTAS if it's lightly used and you decide you don't like it. I've seen 5 year old CH gear go for a mere $20-$40 less than brand new stuff. --------------------------------------------- /u/kalnaren's standard "Need HOTAS Advice" post: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * Mad Catz/Saitek AV8R: I would consider this the bottom-of-the-barrel entry. MSRP is around $30 so you're not going to find anything cheaper. Poor design, throttles in very awkward position. Cheaply made, few buttons. Ambidextrous. I believe this was originally made as a PS3 controller. No longer in production. Probably best to avoid. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY V1: Saitek's new bottom-of-the-barrel entry. Very new stick, not much info available. Allows alt/shifted functions, which is a nice feature to see on a cheap stick. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY 5: Better than the above. Much more customizable. IMO expensive stick for what you get, especially if you're in Europe and can get VKB stuff. Better throttle placement than the AV8R. Might be worth looking into if you find most sticks uncomfortable. * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: IMO best budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite though. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. Anecdotal evidence seems to suggest components in the system starts to fail around 600-700 hours of use. **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). IMO best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, so still requires re-calibration every now and then, but they're excellent quality pots, so you won't run into the spiking and drift issues common to cheaper sticks. Modeled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. Various reports of stick suffering from stiction issues. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). I've heard conflicting reports as to whether or not the Defender Cobra M5 is still in production. Either way it's hard to get a hold of. **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m (or two T16000m sticks if all you play is SC/ED) * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup. Unless you're playing a shitton of jet sims, then probably the warthog. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Smooth but stiff motion with very abrupt centering. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * VKB T-rudder MkII pedals: Responsive pedals with a simple push down action (adjustable), but with no toe pedals. All metal, well constructed and not insanely priced. A mid-tier step between Saitek/CH Pedals and MFG or Slaw device. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $500-$600. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. **Twist vs. No Twist** This is largely an issue of personal preference, and there's valid points of view for it either way. I'll outline a couple based on my own experience: Pros of Twist: * Saves real-estate. * Twist sticks are widely available by comparison. * Don't need to invest in pedals. * Arguably easier to use. Cons of Twist: * Axis bleed is a real issue. * Torqueing motion is unnatural for the wrist, and it can start to ache after longer gaming sessions. * Not as accurate as pedals. * Generally leads to weaker stick. * Can exasperate calibration issues. After switching to a non-twist stick and getting pedals I'll never go back, but again, personal preference. Also, /r/hotas -------------------- As for the Saitek ones being developed for SC, I'm very much in the "Wait and see" category. Saitek's quality control since Mad Catz bought them has been spotty at best, and in the HOTAS arena they're not known for high quality.
How the hell are you finding these shit "employers"? You're certainly not going through legitimate channels. As an international student you'll be limited to working jobs you can do with a student visa. You should REALLY talk to your school's guidence council for this. They'll have resources for international students to find **legal** employment. &gt; what the hell is wrong with this country. Feel free to return to China for an education or employment at any time, because I'm sure every employer over there follows the rules. Canada is full of people, like any other country. And some people are assholes that take advantage of other people. The resources are available to you to find legal employment with reputable employers. Don't get pissy when you don't take advantage of that.
Is there any ship they've been working on *longer* than the caterpillar? We saw the original whitebox in the asteroid hangar reveal. The Idris maybe?
