Its because the robots.txt file is created by combining a static file ( https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... ) with an on-wiki page so that different language wikipedias can manage the file themselves - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Robots.txt In wikisyntax, starting a line with a space ensure's that its in a pre tag, so this was a way to make the onwiki page show the entire thing in a pre tag and not use normal formatting. This seems to be broken by actually starting a literal pre tag inside the first line, but I'm pretty sure this used to work as a way to display the entire thing in a pre tag. For the curious, the code generating the robots.txt file is at https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... Wikipedia does have that https://haw.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_papa_kinohi In order for wikipedia's anyone can edit to work, its really important that when someone makes a bad edit to a popular article that it can be removed immediately. This is important both to get things fixed quickly and to make it less of a juicy target so less people vandalize (no fun to vandalize if it doesnt stay up). I suspect latency in the minutes for cache updates would be unaceptable to wikipedia users Yes but if someone replaces the picture on the trump article with goatse, and non power users get this version for 30 minutes until the cache clears - they are going to be pretty pissed and start yelling to power users & just generally cause a PR disaster. Additionally if vandals know their vandalism will stay for 30 min, they are much more likely to do it, which is a vicious cycle I took a latin class in uni. I think it did help a bit because it made me think about the syntactic structure intellectually, where my native tounge the syntax comes intuitively. Not saying it magically made me a super programmer or anything, but i feel like it certainly didnt hurt my programming skill. In canada, its common in a lot of places, but not universal. When I was growing up, we had K-8 in one school, and then 9-12 as high school, although I think my home town now has a middle school system. Its not an ad hominem. Its only an ad hominem if someone makes an unrelated personal attack against the source of an argument. The original argument was that these documents are suggestive of facebook corporate culture/evilness. A counter argument that the documents are cherry-picked by someone with a grudge (which may or may not be true) directly responds to the original claim that you can gleam a fair picture of facebook based on these documents. Thus it is not an ad hominem (that's not to say that it is necessarily a good argument) To do what precisely? Separate the advertisment unit from the socialnetwork aspects of the bussiness? How would that work, the advertisement portion is what generates revenue for the social media product. Usually companies get split up so they cant use their dominance in one area to forcibly move into another area. But advertisements in facebook social network isnt a separate product-its what the social network is selling Also fandom (aka wikia, aka wikicities) Although i agree he's had a lot of underwhelming projects, and i dont see anything particularly special with this one >“I believe the Canada companies … are managed in a way that the administrators simply declare annually NO-ACTIVITY. In other words, they cheat a bit,” So the trick to using canada as a tax haven, is to lie on your taxes? I feel like that approach also works in other countries And now we have https://wikidata.org Im saddened by the death of rss too, but i think its a lot to blame that soley on google. If the rss ecosystem was so weak, that shutting down a single rss client killed it, it couldn't have been long for this world anyways. You mean www.xn--faebook-vxa.com of course :P Wikipedia didnt use unicode originally, en, da, sv, nl language wikipedia all used windows-1252. This all changed somewhere around 2004 i think, but there is still legacy code to deal with edits from before the switchover point. I imagine the answer is, it kind of sucked but people made due the best they could with the limited allowed characters. Its not like IPA notation is a critical feature A main point of this seems to be that most projects on github are abandoned. What a stupid comparison. That would be like listing all the commercial projects that go out of bussiness, or dont even progress far enough to get funding in the first place, and saying closed source model is a failure because most closed source projects fail. If that was true, why did tags have that horrible hack where the contents started with For example, i consider greg egan (e.g. "Diaspora") and peter watts (e.g. "Blindsight") to be authors whose works are improved and excellent because they are hard sf. Which is not to say there arent plenty of bad hard sf novels out there, there are. There are also plenty of amazing "soft" sf too. Hard sf is just a different type of novel, with different benefits and weaknesses. Like any (sub) genere it can be amazing in the right hands and terrible in the wrong. > time travel, superluminal communication, or infinite energy aren't included You should read the "orthogonal" series by greg egan :) Seems like a lot of weirdly defensive people in this thread. But the essay doesnt really seem that revolutionary more common sense. If you want to make an impact, dont work in an oversaturated field. The low hanging fruit is probably already picked and other people will probably get there before you do. But you also dont want to work in a field nobody cares about as noone will care. Working on a problem with proven demand, but seems "boring" and hasn't changed much recently is a good bet, as there is probably new insights you can apply and new contexts that have appeared since last time there was a frenzy for that field. I don't see why writing an operating system and surounding tools in C++ is a crazy decision (I'm assuming you meant windows & desktop apps by saying microsoft). Certainly not in the early 90's, but if you have a big codebase of that already, sticking with it doesn't seem crazy to me. People make too much of a fuss over the differences between programming language. There are some important differences (whether or not memory safe is a big one, but it is hardly critical to a succful bussiness) but by and large the difference between using say php, python, etc for your program is superficial in the extreme. I somewhat suspect by the time something is "popular" it is, almost by definition, oversaturated. Its sort of like weird investment strategies (e.g. always buy stocks on mondays, or whatever I dont actually know anything about stocks). Sure some of them may work originally, but unless i am extremely well connected, by the time i hear about it, everyone else knows too and the market has corrected for it. Perhaps another metaphor is a gold rush. Even if there really is gold in those hills, if everyone knows there is, its probably already too late to go out and buy a shovel. That said, i agree that there is plenty of survivorship and hindsight bias when it comes to any advice on how to be succesful. Similarly, how many actual physicists actually seriously argue about interpretations of quantum mechanics? I'm not a physicist but i'm pretty sure its a thing more talked about by philosophers and the popular press than actual physicists. Not that there is anything wrong with philosophizing and inquiring into metaphysical questions. > Would you also have viewed Einstein as just a medieval philosopher back in his day ? Einstein's theories were a response to experiments and known facts of the day, that didn't fit the current theoretical models. Sure plenty of it was difficult to test at the time (and still is in some ways when it comes to human scale. How many people do you know that have actually experianced human scale time dialation?) but its not like it was some castle in the sky totally divorced from the observable reality of the day. Additionally even for predictions that weren't practically testable immediately, they were still testable theoretically given enough engineering effort. There is a big difference between not yet knowing how to test something, and not even knowing what you would test if resources/effort were no issue. The nytimes article you linked has the quote: > But what is the wave function? Is it a complete and comprehensive representation of the world? Or do we need additional physical quantities to fully capture reality, as Albert Einstein and others suspected? Or does the wave function have no direct connection with reality at all, merely characterizing our personal ignorance about what we will eventually measure in our experiments? Isn't this really just asking about scientific realism? Couldnt you say the same thing about any scientific concept? Instead of "what is the wave function", why not "what is an atom". I suspect the main difference is that earlier physical theories had a direct analogy to real life events. We could tell a story about the billard ball model of atoms and we can imagine that in our heads. I have no idea how to imagine a superposition of states. Without the ability to analogize it, i suspect humans intuitively assume its wrong. But lack of imagination hardly seems like a logical reason to reject something. On the other hand, the question of how/when/why (non-metaphysically) a superposition collapses into a single state, seem much more scientific, and that part of the measurement problem seems like a worthy target of scientific investigation. Disclaimer: iana physicist nor really know anything beyond basics about quatum mechanics. The conclusion i'd draw is that alcohol is complex and has good and bad aspects. Some scientists study the good parts, other the bad Fun fact though, photoshop used to be available for solaris http://www.erimez.com/misc/Photoshop_Sun_Brochure.pdf Interesting. But it seems like it would add a lot of attack surface if all these things are within the secure enclave. This is not trure. Provincial powers are not delegated by the federal government. The canadian constitution lists certain powers the provinces have and certain powers the federal gov has, with basically anything unmentioned being federal. The federal government doesnt just decide willy nilly what is being delegated to the provinces. The lieutenant governor doesnt serve under the governor general-they just have different spheres of influence . In provincial matters the lieutenant-governor represents the queen, not the governor general. This is canada we are talking about not britian or anywhere else. There is a written constitution (there are also unwritten parts of the constitution but that is beside the point). The written constitution lays out the powers of different levels of government. https://www.canada.ca/en/intergovernmental-affairs/services/... Inparticular to quote the gov of canada website: >"For example, the federal Trade and Commerce power (s. 91(2)) has been interpreted to mean that Parliament can regulate trade generally in Canada, as well as the flow of trade across provincial or international borders, but cannot regulate the operation of particular industries, businesses or professions within provinces. The provincial power over Property and civil rights (s. 92(13)) gives provinces the authority to regulate trade and commerce within their respective territory." I think the joke is, that canada wanted strong federal government and weak provinces and ended up with the opposite. USA wanted strong states and weak fed, but ended up with opposite.* *IANA political scientist, i dont know how true this actually is. I think everyone knows what we want to build (A large-scale quantum error corrected device that we can run shors algorithm, etc on). But we are nowhere remotely near that so we have to argue over much less impressive milestones (not that what google did isn't impressive, it is. Just far off from our quantum dreams) Asking the liklihood is kind of the wrong question. The problem with sha-1 is the possibility that a malicious person could intentionally make two files with the same hash (in order to do evil). The probability of this happening if someone decides to do it and has sufficient resources to pull it off, is 1. The probability of it happening accidentally hasn't changed and is so small it might as well be 0. Every lottery is garunteed to have a winner. Doesnt mean i wouldnt be excited if i won the jackpot Lol, i wonder if this is the first example of someone using the inverse of the length extension attack to trick people Perhaps not a "positive" story, but legit dmcas do happen from time to time and seem reasonable enough to me (or at least reasonable enough in a world with copyrights). For example look at this list of dmca notices against wikipedia that wmf actually thought were valid https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:Office_actions/DM... most of them seem reasonable enough to me. (IANAL) The problem is no effective oversight. Laws without oversight are going to be obviously abused. The DMCA is like if police were responsible to ensure their own warrents are valid. Wouldn't that just be a normal copyright infringement lawsuit? I guess i dont see what the fuss is. Instead of looping through the numbers, they precalculate the answers and loop through that instead. Personally this seems about equivalent of replacing all instances of 2+2 in your program with just 4, and then claiming the program doesnt use addition. Both solutions seem to deal with group theory to basically the same extent. > They actually don't precalculate, since Haskell is lazy. I mean they ditectly put into the source code that the pattern is "", "", "fizz", etc..., and repeat (in a lazy fashion), instead of having the computer calculate which integers give a fizz/buzz. So the programmer is in a sense precalculating at the time of writing the program, instead of having the computer calculate the result of the if statements at runtime. I think you misunderstand what i mean by "precalculated". I just mean the answer is embeded in the source code and not calculated at runtime. It doesnt matter how you embed it in the source code, whether that is a list literal or constructed via functions or whatever Edit: for clarity, the reason i think this is kind of a cop out, is that in the article the author seems to call out not using if-then-else as a benefit of this solution, compared to the normal version that takes a list of integers and transforms it using if/then/else and mod operations. But i dont really think it counts as not using if/then/else if you literally do the same operation in your head and then just write down the transformed list explicitly, to save the computer the effort of transforming the list at runtime for you. My objection is that the author presents it as a totally different approach, but to me it looks like the same approach as the original but with constant propagation applied. (With a little time away from this discussion, i guess tbf i must admit determining the order of the group is a bit more than constant propagation) Also with a little more sympathetic eye, i suppose the new version is more evocative of the underlying group and such representations are much more in line with the mores of functional programming. At the same time, i cant help but think its a bit pretentious to talk about being isomorphic to a cyclic group and otherwise evoke high level math, just to say, you know this program whose output by definition repeats in a very obvious pattern, well guess what, its output is cyclic. Well yes, if these things represented different things, then the output of the program would be incorrect. To put it another way, the original version was explicitly calculating the function ℤ -> { "", "fizz" }. The new version had the results of this function directly embeded in the source code (and hence precalculated as opposed to calculated at runtime). I just don't see the two of these approaches really being all that different Its kind of begging the question in a way. The only reason you can conclude this is related to Z3 and Z5 is because the original problem statement said to repeat fizz every 3 numbers, and thus its related to cycluc groups. But the only aspect of group theory used seems to be that Z3 repeats cyclicly (which was the fact we used to invoke group theory in the first place). So it seems rather circular. Pretty sure its existed for at least a year or two None, its a usecase difference not a technical one. but samesite is designed to tackle csrf (a problem with using cookies for auth). It wont prevent user tracking. Does it? Websites can just opt out if they dont like samesite cookies. Even if they couldnt, its trivial for the website operator to work around if they want (and website operators are almost always in on user tracking) I care more about what debian thinks than OSI, but yes i do care. I would read the agreement too, but IANAL nor am i an intellectual property expert. Legal agreements are tricky and can have non-intuitive consequences. > as it doesn't rely on site developers updating and setting the new flag right. Chrome is enabling this flag by default. Websites can opt out, but if they do nothing they are opted in. Blocking third party cookies doesnt really stop csrf attacks. At most it makes the attack a bit more noticeable as it prevents some of the quieter methods of pulling off the attack. Since as far as i understand, if you submit a cross-domain POST form, that's still a first party cookie Not sure how this is relavent, but IE had document.execCommand('ClearAuthenticationCache'); for http or TLS auth. Dont think other browsers have anything Http basic/digest auth doesnt last beyond the session, so just close the browser window? Probably putting a different username in the url would work too (in non ie) >I didn't drink often, not more than once a week. But it was usually a binge episode, having at least 10 drinks. Just fyi, i think most people would consider having 10 drinks in a single session, once a week, to be "often" 4) Get better friends (better being not a moral judgement, but better for your needs) Some people like to socialize over drinks, others don't really like it and some only want to do that on special occasions or rarely. Its like anything else. E.g. some people obsess over board games, some people like board games now and then, and some people really hate board games. If your friend group is based mostly around board games and you dont want to play board games anymore, in the long term, its probably best to find some non-board game obsessed friends. Same goes for drinking.