Google does document Intent constants that work with the standard application compliment of AOSP, and SDK add-ons typically document their Intent constants. An SDK add-on would be one way an app with a rich Intent interface could make that interface known in a more-formal way. 100 megabit service is available at consumer-oriented pricing in Japan and other places. One obvious use of very fast service is to substitute OTT TV for cable TV, or to provide server-based 3D gaming, or, for non-entertainment purposes, to provide high-definition video conferencing. I'm sure others can enumerate a long list of applications. But, the real point is there has never been a shortage of uses for more bandwidth. Instead, it has always opened new possibilities and created new value. The great risk in not having inexpensive, fast Internet service is that the next great value-creations on the Internet will happen more often outside the US, and therefore not help to restore economic growth in the US. The way I earn a living is the same way most musicians earn a living: By working for hire or teaching (consulting). There are about 10,000 books that make any measurable money at all, at any given time, and only a small fraction of those earn the authors enough to live on. Even famous authors of widely read books often have a "day job." Books I have co-authored are "pirated," mainly in markets where wages are lower than would support a local edition at local pricing. My publisher does not use DRM on e-books, and e-books still rapidly outpaced paper books. If you do the thought experiment, lack of copyright protection or a significantly shorter term of copyright, or some other variant, like a publishers' agreement not to trespass on other publishers' author relationships for some term, would not change my direct income from book writing very much. Publishing would adapt: Books might be serialized so that subscribers get first access on a continuing basis. Or frequent editions (which you might see anyway, with e-books) might become the norm. Apart from the handful of authors of "blockbusters" the book publishing economy would not change that much. We have made, and are protecting at great expense a novel result: A small number of authors, musicians, motion-picture makers, etc. can make big money through mass-reproduction of their works. Is that an advancement of civilization worth subverting all the potential for free expression the Internet provides, or not? Two comments here converge on a complete response to Chris DiBona's assertion: "A platform controlled by a single vendor and locked down by hardware vendors != the Linux desktop "dream come true" "For smartphones, sure. For desktops this is not going to happen for a long time if ever." As much as Android is now both the dominant client Java and the dominant Linux userland, there are two things that have to happen before it is the Linux "dream come true." First, it should become really open, without a Google controlled two-tier structure for OEMs. Not all open source, but open to all comers: Anyone who makes an Android device that passes compatibly tests should be able to ship the Android Market on it. In this, Microsoft is more even-handed with OEMs. Any OEM can license Windows, and they get the same thing HP and Dell get. Second, Google needs to make this openness and evenhandedness happen for tablet makers, which are more like desktop PC makers than handset makers. Tablets are not tied to mobile networks, nor to mobile network operators' retail channels. There is no mobile operator dictating what the software content of a tablet must be in order for it to be accepted by their channel, so there is no excuse for the process to be less than transparent and open to every product that passes compatibility tests. I have good reason to like Android, and the way Google has made Adroid successful, very much: http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Android-Zigurd-Mednieks/dp... I also know from experience in the mobile application business that Android Market is the easiest platform vendor or carrier-controlled app market to deal with. My comments relate mainly to how the tablet business differs from the handset business. The same practices that might be necessary for Android handsets don't apply to tablets, and evidently don't work as well, either. I think tablets will be a very big part of computing, and Android tablets should be a big part of the tablet business. But, so far, Google hasn't allowed many low-cost OEMs to ship Android-based products with Android Market and Google's other proprietary applications. Had Google gone with, say, Archos on a $350 tablet instead of Motorola for a high-end product, the tablet roll-out for Android might be very different now. More generally, Google should not have tried to pick a winner, or a winning approach to tablet product formulation. That openness to all comers makes Android Market vibrant and diverse. Maybe Google should try that approach to tablet OEMs, too. > you start jumping into the rabbit hole when you start getting into server API integration and doing processing off the main thread (AsyncTask, IntentService, Service, unit tests lions tigers oh my) Yes, the first thing to learn is concurrent programming in Java, and Android's classes that simplify it. Then learn about components - everything that implements the ComponentCallbacks interface - and how lifecycles work. If you skip over this you are doomed. Then learn how to keep your data model in a ContentProvider. After that, you are through most of what is different and that might be strange. Interesting but all anecdotal. The office layout productivity study that sticks in my mind showed that any change in office layout improved productivity for a short time. More light, dimmer light, higher cubicle walls, no cubicle walls, etc. It all improved productivity. And then there was a return to mean. A nap after lunch seems to be common in Chinese companies. In both big consultancies, and small entrepreneurial companies, i have seem people put their head down and take a brief nap at their desk. I have read that some companies have a formal policy encouraging this, but it seems widespread anyway. You do realize that leading off with "Respectfully, you don't know what you are talking about" isn't reducing the image of insularity Wikipedia has acquired? It says "If you don't get up to speed on the obscure processes, such as that anyone can nominate an article for deletion, you can't participate in the dialogue." For some reason, unexplained to outsiders, this is a feature, not a bug. At least recognize that Wikipedia is the odd subculture, not the people critiquing Wikipedia. More people know him as a TWiT Network host, nowadays. > encryption is hard, and thereby expensive The problem with that is that systems like Skype require strong encryption to work at all, and Skype manages to provide high quality voice transmission despite using encryption on a wide variety of OSs and hardware. It will probably be more technically difficult to make Skype friendly to snooping than it was to make it secure. Your response is an example of the natural tendency of some people to find comfort in authority, even when it is shown to be ineffective. Nothing personal. Lots of people react in the same way. Sad nonetheless. Which do you think is likelier: A. Java FX is the Java UI technology that makes cross-platform - including mobile platforms - client Java relevant and attracts a significant number of developers? B. Android compatibility becomes available for non-Android OSs and Android becomes the de facto portable client Java. Or put it in terms of scenarios: Google settles the Oracle suit and ships Java 7 and JavaFX compatibility in Android and significant numbers of developers use this to deliver multi-platform Java apps. Or: multiple vendors offer Windows desktop Android virtualization or JavaSE-like implementations of the Android runtime, and these are used to move tablet apps to desktops. I did see that, but I think it is a reasonable assumption that Oracle wants Java 7, and JavaFX, on platforms other than Windows. I suppose Iceland's domain registrar was busy that day. RMS is difficult because he is consistent, because he is right about difficult topics, and because people have a natural tendency to be comforted by authoritarians. But the issues RMS writes and speaks about are fundamental to human rights, and to the continued ability to create and innovate and create value without getting prior permission. Sham transactions are a common part of financial crimes. Ownership didn't change in fact, just on paper. Linking all the owners together in one family showed that the transactions had no material effect on where the rent and equity money was going. I find myself fumbling with the three scroll bars in GMail: Two are owned by GMail, one for the main pane of the UI, and one for the message pane embedded in it. The browser's scroll bar controls scrolling for the contacts displayed on the right side of the window. A case can be made for this in that all the scroll bars are closest to the content they scroll. But it also points out the unsatisfactory state of having the browser control some scrolling and the active content inside the browser control some of it. This would never fly in the design of any UI library for creating interactive applications. The first two top-level comments I see here amount to: a) Beating bloggers, especially hippies, doesn't count b) If we had only prevented the protests, we'd be doing better Still more reasons America is in a slump in these rankings If you have a thread longer than your window, that's one scroll bar. Gmail creates it. If you have a reply, for example, in that thread longer than a few lines, it is scrolled within a view in the thread. If you have your chat contacts displayed in the right pane, the browser window's scroll bar scrolls that pane. That's the case I'm describing. This is only true for publishers that are making large numbers of hard-back books for an uncertain market. Trade paperbacks are going print-on-demand, and e-books have overtaken print books in some categories already. When is the last time you heard anyone boast "I'm in my fifth printing?" So, while this puts some inefficiency and perverse incentives into part of the publishing industry, the effects of this have been washed out, in most cases, by technological change and changes in the supply chain. I don't think "discoverability" is meaningful. Nobody speaks of restaurant discoverability or beer discoverability or shoe discoverability. That's because nobody would lend the money for a shoe factory, brewery equipment, or a restaurant build-out without seeing a plan for reaching the prospective customers and making them aware of the product. For some reason, people think mobile app business plans don't need this. That myth may be created by the lucky few who turn out not to need it. They got "discovered" like a starlet at a soda fountain. The app market managers decided to feature that app, or a widely read blogger stumbled upon it. But planning on that is like planning on winning the capital for your next app with a lottery ticket. If your business plan can't support end-user marketing, you may need to decide you are not writing your app with financial goals in mind, or you need a solid alternative marketing plan and put the effort in to executing that with the same dedication you put in to writing the app. Tl;dr: Mobile app markets are not a way to get around the cost and effort of properly launching a product. "Ant? Why do I know Ant now? I didn’t know Ant 2 days ago. Is it really necessary to have to learn a build tool to perform such a common task?" Ant is the backstop to the build the IDE makes automatically, in cases, like this one, where there isn't a parameter you can set in the build options dialog. You might not like ant, or having to learn it. But it's not an unusual choice for Java builds. There are many cases in more-complex Android project builds where ant is necessary. The first sign of trouble is: " A previously (very) successful game on iOS, it was brought over to Android in order to take advantage of the huge number of devices that run the OS." Right. A game with graphical assets designed for a couple of fixed screen sizes and resolutions is going to have problems on a system that forces developers to handle multiple screen dimensions and resolutions. Shocked. I'm shocked. The one thing Android "fragmentation" (meaning whatever it means in which ever context) hasn't caused for applications that were developed for Android is compatibility problems. Android apps are remarkably compatible on hardware that they were never tested on. There is plenty to hate about OEMs' craplets and "enhancements" - which comprise the more commonly held definition of "fragmentation" - but they have had very little effect on application compatibility. That's GPU "fragmentation." You have multiple hardware/firmware/driver implementations of OpenGL. Unless you prescribe a GPU and software stack, you will always find things that slip past compatibility tests. The irony of this is that, with Android 4.x and the Fragment APIs for scaling UI from tablets to handsets, Android is the only UI system that has sophisticated ways for apps to intelligently arrange their UI elements to fit all sizes of devices, and developers are, as yet, ignoring those APIs. The Android SDK includes a library called the Support Package (previously called the Android Compatibility Package). This library provides support for Fragment and related classes, and Loader and related classes back to Android 1.6. Even if you are targeting API levels lower than in 3.x, using the Support Package is a substantial benefit in organizing your UI code and improved concurrency support. As ever, you can set your minimum API level below the API level to which you build, and test for API availability at runtime, for any API in Android. Your mileage may vary. Myriad had been trying to sell their own VM as a "turbo" Dalvik, but, so far, no takers, that I know of, among handset OEMs. The thing is that Dalvik balances performance and battery life by aiming for fast interpretation plus minimal JIT compilation. One could easily show that the Oracle VM would trounce Dalvik at computation benchmarks, since it is aiming for best possible performance using a very sophisticated JIT compiler. But I suspect getting the Oracle VM to not suck your battery dry would be a challenge. "Free memory" in a garbage-collected managed language is difficult to measure. If you don't have to GC, the performance-minded choice would to not GC. Every computation costs battery life, so I would suppose Android's GC is tuned to not run if it doesn't have to. If you look at the specifications of system.gc(), it can be implemented as a placebo, like the "push to walk" button at the street corner. So even explicitly GC'ing isn't guaranteed to do anything. Android also has a strategy for "swapping" components within a process, and whole processes. This is, effectively, Android's GC strategy across processes. An Android system's memory, especially on small-memory devices, should always look full-ish, but you can almost always launch a new task, since GC and components and process "swapping" (the "destroy" phase of component lifecycle) and GC can almost always make room for more. PS: This is also why Android "task killers" are snake oil. You aren't low on resources. Let Java manage memory. All Android apps are subject to component lifecycle. Native code is no shield against a process getting reaped. The Android NDK provides lifecycle support even for all-native code apps. For a lifehacker article, that contained very little of pithy, "try it now" practical advice one expects from that blog. The death of the dreaded dashboard is very welcome, but "side navigation" is nothing but a half-baked transformation of the same idea into a pseudo-fragment implementation. Google+ is a particularly bad example how to do this. The Google+ layout is much better than it used to be, but it needs a real two-fragment layout on large screens, which it still does not have. Why have a layout that is half-hidden on the right, especially on large screens when two fragments could easily be placed side by side? Is is possible, even easy, to do a single code-base that "auto-magically" adapts to one Fragment object visible, or two, depending on the platform's choice of layout. The problem with dashboards is that they do nothing. Imagine slapping a dashboard screen on the top of the GMail UI: You would only interact with the dashboard to get someplace else. Ugh! A literally useless place. You always want to be someplace else. The problem with "side navigation" is that it is only a visual change. It tantalizes you with the idea that you are someplace else, sort of, with a mostly-useless, partly obscured view on the right. Otherwise it is the same as a dashboard. Everyone wants the ability to leave a strong supplier. On top of that, Samsung's road map for their feature phone OS, Bada, is very likely to point to a Linux-based OS. So everything Samsung is doing is completely normal. Ironically, Nokia closing the Meltemi project, which would have created a low-end Linux-based OS, shows how irrational Nokia's strategy has become in the cause of leaving no shadow of a doubt that Windows is only way forward that will be broached by Nokia's leadership. The article just brushes the surface of these issues: Web applications are appropriate for information applications. Not a surprise, since the Web originated in hypertext. Web apps are good for presenting and navigating ad hoc multimedia information. If the target of a Web app is appropriate, a Web app will be the least expensive way to go. Native apps produce the best looking, most touchable, and fastest apps, but be ready to pay to get results that are significantly better than a Web app. Make sure you are doing something that requires direct manipulation, and that takes advantage of how the underlying OS works. On Android, for example, make sure your app takes advantage of Android's fragment-based UI features, inter-app cooperation, and device hardware, if applicable. Cross-platform panacea SDKs like Titanium result in lowest-common-denominator apps. If you are considering Titanium, you should probably make a Web app. There is only a narrow category of apps for which cross-platform SDKs yield the best result. User interface is only the surface manifestation of OS architecture. Both Android and iOS have very distinctive userland technologies layered over open UNIX-like kernels. While a cross-platform SDK might give you access to almost all of both platform features, it is very unlikely to be able to abstract those features in a way that results in portable code. For example, Android's component-based app architecture runs very deep in Android implementations. If you subvert it, or plaster over it with an abstraction, you lose the ability to minimize your app footprint by having relatively small components "destroyed" or swapped out of memory in Android's unique approach to making Java memory management work across component and process boundaries. Windows 8 for mobile devices is yet another distinctive OS, with a unique kernel and similar, for still very distinctive managed language runtime, plus legacy compatibility. We're in an era of OS and managed language runtime innovation. Each one is striving to provide the optimal feature set, and that often involves the way in which apps and components of apps communicate and cooperate. plastering over the semantics of those large and deep architectural differences is going to result in a lowest common denominator result. Java is on a rocket due to Android. Now that the Oracle threat has receded, that trend could accelerate. The most interesting thing about the Nexus Q is that it enables sharing a device. That is, it has the ability to temporarily use accounts from Android devices. It can run Android apps, so it is, in fact, an Android device. It isn't tied to an individual. If this is well-implemented and secure, it's an interesting aspect of the Android OS that hasn't been exposed in other Android devices yet. If it is possible to build a similar system from the AOSP code-base, that would be very useful for people with a less-dogmatic idea of a feature set. Most other aspects are, as Pogue points out, full of WTF. Actually, that's because the designers of Android took the gamble of replacing the Linux userland with a touch-oriented layer built on a managed language runtime. They did this instead of trying to evolve it toward a vague goal in that general direction, or trying to drag along legacy apps. In hindsight, it's obviously the right thing to have done. But it was a gamble at the time. This is not succeeding: "The problem — really the only problem, but a big one nonetheless — is they couldn’t ever find a way to make those numbers grow. Nothing they did worked, and Rosedale doubts that even early Facebook integration would have helped." It has also stagnated technologically, since revenue can't fund a level of development that would open new applications or market segments, nor market such new capabilities. Second Life is a spectacular and obvious failure. It isn't a game (but it attracted all the trolls and griefers a game would attract). It isn't anything in particular. If you go to the site, there is a question: "What is Second Life?" Follow the link, and play the video. Now tell me if you have an answer. As a matter of national economic and technology policy, Finland needs a backstop to Nokia. And the world could use another open platform for phones. Privacy standards are much higher when you rent a house. Why should they be lower when you rent some bits? What I would add to this is: Understand component lifecycle. Understand it well enough to know you have to design your app around it, because you can't subvert it. Do this first. Do not write code before you understand this. A good way of understanding this is to override all the lifecycle methods in Activity and log them, then watch what happens. Understand that Android can "destroy" both individual component instances and whole processes. Understand that you can't thwart "destroy" by holding a reference. Understand Android's support for a data model in a sql database, abstracted by ContentProvider, and how to build an observer pattern around this. Understand Android's support for concurrency, enough that you know the limitations. The limitations of AsyncTask are hard to put in two sentences. It starts with AsyncTask referring to an Activity. Now let's say you create a configuration change by rotating your device, and the Activity you had is destroyed. There begins the tale of woe. Here is a good writeup: http://andreas-kluck.blogspot.com/2012/02/asynctask-and-asyn... The Android Support Package enables you to back-port apps written for the latest API level and using a Fragment-based UI implementation all the way back to Android 1.6. That's a great question. If you look at the set of classes that enable you to build an observer pattern on top of databases in Android - Cursor, Adapter, and View, you see that you can skip the ORM and POJOS in most cases where you are simply displaying data, with some minor processing that can happen in the Adapter. This works well in Android where each process's maximum heap is something between 16 and 48MB, and keeping your data model in a database is a way of continuously persisting it. There are exceptions. You probably would not want to build a CAD program this way. Instead you would take the performance hit to rebuild your POJOs after the component they are contained in gets reaped. Two things you can do about this: 1. Adopt a Fragment-based implementation design that uses layouts to automatically choose the right set of Fragments for each screen size. 2. Use the Android Support Package to back-port to earlier versions (all are supported down to Android 1.6) 3. Target API 15, but make your minimum API level requirement as low as 4 or 5. Test for API availability at runtime. It occurs to me I answered your question only obliquely: Android doesn't have ORM. It does have a database stack that makes ORM unnecessary in most cases. Two more things: 1. It might run. APKs support packaging more than one machine architecture for NDK code in one apk. Currently, there is built in support, in the SDK, for both ARM variants and x86. You can get add-on support for MIPS. Possibly others, IDK. 2. If it doesn't run and you have source access, and if the native code is all in C and C++, you can compile it by adding the option to generate x86 code. It will be packaged in the resulting apk file, and should be installable on Google TV, unless it uses other APIs not available on Google TV.