I thought Hackers News was not supposed to turn into Reddit. A $100/month dedicated server probably doesn't have RAID 10 or other server-class features, but it will probably have more CPU capacity than a $100/month VPS. As virtualization software improves, I expect the advantages of VPSes to increase. If anyone knows of a particularly good provider, I'm willing to add it to the database. I just added Prgmr.com since they appear to be cheap and hacker-friendly. They solved a hardware problem (the centralized crossbar), but it's not clear what progress they have made on software scalability. BTW, I thought the Ars article was better. They say it is secure because all your traffic flows through their server in the clear but they don't look at it. It's refreshingly honest that the site admits this. But GotoSSH isn't as secure as regular SSH and it probably is not as secure as it could be (e.g. a Flash SSH client that implements the SSH protocol on the client side). But since security doesn't matter in Web 2.0 (can I borrow your Google password for a minute?), this looks like a great service. Are you talking about scaling from 1/10 of a server to 1 server, or from 1 to 10 servers, or from 10 to 1000 servers? I was turned off by 3Tera/TheGridLayer because their sites are all marketing, no tech. But I just discovered the docs ( http://doc.3tera.net/AppLogic2/WebHome.html ), so now it's possible to size up their system without some salesperson sizing up my wallet first. TGL's prices for individual VPSes do not look competitive and the starting price of $4000/month for a virtual datacenter is pretty spicy. Previous VPS discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=43949 Most providers do not mention scalability or upgrades on their sites, so maybe it is worth paying more to MT for scalability. Of course, the nodes in an actual supercomputer can send data to each other faster than 384 kbps. Yikes, where to start. "Databases store data to disk. Thats all what 90% of us use them for. They are essentially elaborate hash tables backed by a disk drive." Sure, if you don't need indices or transactions. "a disk failure is still a major disaster. Even if you have backups, even if you have replication, there will be downtime and manual labor while a new master server is established." If you use a dual-port, dual-controller RAID 10 with hot spares, you'll never even notice a disk failure. (No wonder the SmugMug people are so smug.) But I admit replication is a great solution for people who consider their time to be a sunk cost. "Databases never put your 10-20 commodity server boxes with all their spare disk space to use." At least this is true (for now). Given that Web 2.0ers apparently don't care about most database features anyway, maybe HBase will solve this problem. This isn't all that paranoid; Adobe's business model for Flash is similar, although they haven't attacked Red5 yet. A few companies are working on that, but I don't think the results will be free. http://rightscale.com/ http://www.enomalism.com/ A purely negative article tends to give that impression. What's the alternative? Brands likes to mention how perfect Credentica is, but it isn't deployed anywhere. OpenID may turn out to be the worst identity protocol, except for all the others that have been tried. What really perplexes me are the sites that still use FTP for serving large files, as if FTP is better than HTTP for that purpose. I don't know if we should be happy; according to Groklaw the bankruptcy filing will put the Novell and IBM lawsuits on hold, moving SCO's day of reckoning even further into the future. Please, whatever you do, don't host the video on YouTube. (Ahem, Wesabe.) To me, nothing says "I love compression artifacts" and "I can't afford to host my own site" more than YouTube. As for software, check out these (which I have not used): http://www.varasoftware.com/products/wirecast/ http://www.adobe.com/products/visualcommunicator/ I liked the idea of Snapz Pro until I discovered how difficult it is to edit footage losslessly. For our last screencast at the office I think we used Camtasia. My guess is that Google never wanted to build a wireless network; instead they want a telco (who already has towers) to be tricked/forced to build a network that suits Google. In this case we're really talking about configuration isolation. If you're running a database and a Web server on one machine and then want to move them onto separate machines, you have to untangle and move the config files. But if they're separate VMs from the start, then there's nothing to untangle. YouTube doesn't do any live streaming AFAIK. But RAM can be substantially larger than 4GB these days. The local storage is persistent until Amazon shuts down the virtual machine whenever they want . (They say that it only happens due to hardware failures or EC2 platform upgrades, but you have no control over those events.) I haven't used EC2, but the complexity would worry me if I was on a schedule. If you only have a few months of runway and you spend most of them sharpening your EC2 tools rather than coding features you could be doomed. But Rhino has nothing to do with browsers. If you want cached, compiled JavaScript, try Flash Player 9. But I am equally sure that EC2 does not oversell CPU/RAM resources and does not move VMs around. I don't think Xen even supports memory overcommit. Looking at the new user interface, at first I thought this was a Web app. There's also some visible influence from Lightroom. FUD isn't supposed to be specific. And for slides there's the Beamer class: http://latex-beamer.sourceforge.net/ (If MS Office/OpenOffice is "office 1.0" and GDocs/Buzzword/Sliderocket is "office 2.0", then what is LaTeX?) "Once we've killed backing up in favor for keeping our files in the cloud, the next step will be keeping those files out of silos." I'd prefer to do those in the reverse order. I didn't go to the talk, but from the slides I got the impression that if you're the next Twitter you'll find it cheaper to build your own datacenter than to rent from Joyent. I don't know if this is true, though. Beware; this thing almost locked my browser. A good idea for Google, Yahoo, and Amazon, since students will come out of college already trained on their infrastructure. It's also notable that Google is somewhat endorsing Hadoop. This looks more like using a new rendering engine as an excuse to develop a new programming language. Which doesn't sound too unreasonable, but if that's the goal ROC should be upfront about it. Presumably the parallel browser would be faster and maybe even BeOS-smooth. It's not clear that this is enough justification for a new browser. It's more like 1/10 of DRAM speed, which is still awesome. Isn't this essentially SesameVault? http://www.sesamevault.com/ I suspect it's irrelevant, since when given a choice between paying one cent to host HD video and free craptastic YouTube, most people would choose YouTube. One obvious use is to see a book in a real bookstore, then immediately buy it cheaper online. Maybe you could even use the phone's camera to scan the UPC code. :-) This article doesn't define scaling. It's clear enough from context, but it should be pointed out that price scaling and performance scaling are different. In fact, once you substitute "reduce $/GB over time" for "scale", the article becomes totally obvious. In other news, All Processors Should Follow Moore's Law (because if you don't, you'll go out of business). Obviously people won't use it as temp space; they'll use it to store databases and replicate them on multiple instances for reliability. Yes, it looks like Amazon has been solving the easy problems (paid AMIs, bigger instances) first, while the hard problems will be addressed later. But given that it took a year or so to add large instances, I wonder when load balancing and storage will be improved. Except the open source model doesn't support SaaS very well, so if all software becomes SaaS then open source becomes much less relevant. I think you're supposed to trust the commons. The commons can do no wrong. I noticed that the iPhone is the only mobile device listed on the support page. OTOH, if Googlers are forced to use Gmail internally, I'm not sure how they lived this long without IMAP. Usually there is a choice between proprietary "pre-standard" products that come out pretty quickly or standards-based products that take years to arrive. This allows customers to make the time-to-market vs. lock-in tradeoff. Doesn't Xen already come with tools to create VMs? If you find them too hard to use, maybe try Fedora's virt-manager. Honestly, what's the benefit of Scribd over a simple HTML page for a document like this? Wasn't "utility computing" good enough? Why do we need to rename it to "HaaS"? Sorry, you're in the wrong decade; the OODB people are now working on XMLDBs (or sometimes RDF triple stores). So when does "peak SQL" kick in? I think you should use a descriptive title. I don't see anything obviously wrong with these APIs, but they don't live up to the hype about "opening social networks". OpenSocial does nothing to break down the identity silos and their network effects. Classful addressing? Fail. No Hilbert curves? Fail. :-) Maybe you should post this again after there's something to see. Introducing vapor won't get you much cred here. Symbian is seriously threatened by Android; even if Android isn't very good some handset makers may switch to it simply to avoid Symbian licensing costs. AFAIK Symbian has no other business to fall back on.